  we also have a two-party system , which is self-reinforcing , where even despite rationality and looking out for your own interests , you vote for your team . 
  we 've become accustomed to left vs. right , when in reality , we have right vs. far right . 
   and if you decide to rebuild your infrastructure ( look up the average age of it in the us , not much after hoover , eisenhower , truman ) , people would gradually shift their attitude because they see more value ? 
  infrastructure is n't really where most people who want to spend money want to spend it . 
  americans liberals generally want to see more social programs . 
  that does n't mean that they refuse to spend money on infrastructure , rather it 's a matter of priorities . 
  the right in this country are vehemently opposed to government spending except for when it benefits them or people/things that they like ( israel , the military etc ) . 
  my turn again . 
  speak english , commie . 
  it 's not so much an anti-british circlejerk as it is an anti-euroskeptic circlejerk . 
  the brits just happen to have more , and louder , euroskeptics than the continent . 
  edit : / r/europe is also generally host to more british news sources than anything . 
  one of the biggest differences between the us and europe on government spending is that americans do n't physically interact with a lot of that money . 
  europeans use universal health care , higher education etc on a daily basis . 
  americans spend a lot more on defense , something that we do n't see because it does n't affect our daily lives . 
  american checking in . 
  baseball , apple pies , and jesus . 
  i 've done my job . 
  we had a thread on ideological tests a few weeks back . 
  the consensus was that that website was meaningless given bad questioning and a tendency to produce similar results . 
  i forget exactly which alternative was offered , but many people seemed to like it better ( myself included ) . 
  you make some good points . 
   ps the difference in population of france and germany has decreased from 27 million in 1968 to 18 million in 2011 , mostly due to the staggering aging of germany . 
  the population of west germany was comparable to that of metropolitan france until reunification . 
  in 1946 , france had about 40.5 m and west germany 46.5 m. 
  in 1990 , france had 54.5 m and west germany had 63m . 
  wo n't this conflict with eu law that they 're currently adopting ? 
  last i heard , public support for joining the eu was n't high enough , so it may be moot in the end . 
  i would hardly call it bold or risky . 
  there are several things we must consider here . 
  from the end of ww2 until about 10 or 15 years ago , the franco-german relationship was the core of integration due to population and economic parity . 
  even when the governments in paris and berlin were of opposing parties , their leaders recognized the necessity for unity if europe was going to move forward . 
  they really were the leaders , setting a direction for the rest of europe to move forward . 
  for decades it was this partnership that drove europe . 
  that has now changed france and germany are no longer equals . 
  germany 's economy and population are significantly larger than france 's . 
  germany is now the de facto leader of the eu due to its strong economic credentials , which is something france lacks . 
  france is not in the same position as italy , spain , or greece , obviously , but it also is n't a germany or finland . 
  france has some other things going for it though . 
  it is unanimously recognized as a great power . 
  it has an extensive diplomatic network second only to the united states , is a nuclear weapons state , has close relations to many of its former colonies , a powerful armed forces , one of only three blue-water navies ( the us and uk being the other two ) , and a strong desire to remain a global power . 
  these are things that germany generally lacks . 
  because the eu is more of an economic union than a political union , germany is now more significant because of its economic strength . 
  in foreign policy and security policy , france still tends to be more powerful than germany . 
  couple all of these with the fact that berlin and paris are now occupied by opposing parties , a sometimes abrasive relationship between the two should be expected . 
  i did n't know about this , and i 'm pleasantly surprised . 
  the republicans are the self-proclaimed champions of liberty and democracy , yet they are directly and indirectly linked to individuals and organizations that are trying to suppress the most fundamental democratic right . 
  it sickens me that my country has a mainstream political party like this . 
  they fought tooth and nail to keep minorities down for decades , and they 're still doing it . 
  i am ashamed to call so many of these people my countrymen . 
  the fact that they are considered a major political force sickens me . 
  democracy with two parties . 
  what a joke . 
  wishing that it 's true does n't make it so . 
  you may also benefit from looking up the difference between voter fraud and electoral fraud , seeing as the former is essentially a non-issue . 
  fairly inconsequential . 
  that 's one of my favorite films . 
  absolutely incredible . 
  i watched this in a film class . 
  great movie !, 
  being big on the world stage lets a country influence the international order . 
  if you 'd rather other political organizations and countries define the parameters of this order , be my guest . 
  the problem is that britain has never been a country that was n't interested in being a world power . 
  your politicians are a reflection of your society just like in any other democracy . 
  no one has left the eu before . 
  upon leaving the uk would want to negotiate its exit with the remaining members , and part of that negotiation would likely be the uk wishing to remain within the eea . 
  so you would be ok with being in the eea rather than the eu ? 
  this would mean that the uk would have to adopt many european laws anyway , but would n't have any representation in the parliament , council of ministers , european council , and commission . 
  it 's the situation norway is in , and it 's an incredibly stupid one . 
  they do though . 
  california , texas , and new york are often described by their global relevance . 
  texas is a major energy supplier , california has the world 's entertainment capital and largest tech sector , and new york city is along with london the world 's most powerful city , given it 's cultural and economic clout . 
  sure , britain is a powerful country right now , but 30 years from now when the us , china , and eu are the world 's biggest players , britain will be more irrelevant than ever . 
  a nebraskan can become president of the united states . 
  it 's also a bad analogy given than it 's one of the smallest us states , whereas britain is one of the largest , and is on track to become larger than germany . 
  you seem to forget that the crisis was first begun by the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008 in the us , and that the crisis in europe is 90 % about having a common monetary policy without a common fiscal policy . 
  these things hurt the banks more than the banks hurt the economy . 
   yeah ... here 's the thing , i know this might seem shocking to you , but some of us might actually have principles that say that britain ought to be ruled by the british . 
  i know ... what a concept . 
  ** so even if it 's a bad deal for us on trade and even if we might suffer some economic consequences for not integrating further ( or even leaving ) we 'd do it anyway . 
  ** there is no if about it . 
  leaving the eu means leaving the single market . 
  that will hurt your economy , especially in the financial sector , which is pretty much all britain really has anymore . 
  i think you 'll find that most europeans want britain in the eu simply because the eu is n't complete without it . 
  it 's been one of the most powerful countries for centuries , and having them turn their backs on what they and the continent has built seems rather sad . 
  it 's more out of solidarity than anything . 
  europe is stronger together than it ever has been apart . 
  if the british are alright with being the canada to the eu 's us then by all means they 're welcome to . 
  unfortunately , i find it difficult to believe that a country that held the world 's largest empire fewer than 100 years ago is that uninterested in maintaining global relevance and influence . 
  the argument i often hear from british euroskeptics is that they 're ok with packing up their bags and focusing on their own country . 
  forgive me if i find it incredibly hard to believe that this is an opinion shared by many government officials . 
  this is probably the most significant step they 've taken to ending the crisis . 
  what happens when the next banking crisis comes along and the british government ca n't bail them out because they 've become too big for a small country ? 
   this . 
  unlike the other member-states , it seems the uk is just looking for an efta , not an eu . 
  which is strange , because they spearheaded efta hoping it would help turn the economy around in the 60s . 
  germany and france outperformed them , so they decided to apply for eec membership . 
  losing access to the single market would be terrible for britain . 
  only after they left would they understand what they gained by being in it . 
  unfortunately , it is n't one of those incredibly visible things like having a common currency , but it 's massively important for their economy .
