  the arab world does n't have an organization comparable to the eu . 
  no serious academic claims that the uk , france , or germany can become a superpower , but rather the eu can . 
  \\  upcoming power \\  arabs, 
  a significant portion of the eu 's population already views themselves as `` european , '' whether alone or in conjunction with their national identity . 
  rome was n't built in a day . 
  how would you have fostered a common european identity without first creating common institutions for europeans to solve common problems ? 
  again , i never meant to suggest that the 22 subsequent members joined to prevent war . 
  i always intended to state that the founding six did so for that reason . 
  i apologize for any confusion . 
  i 'll refer to my original comment :  the countries that founded the eu did so for a significantly different reason than why every other country has joined . 
  it 's a good thing i did n't suggest that then . 
  however , that also does n't justify its members cherry-picking which rules they want to follow . 
  let me clarify . 
  the six founding members of the eu did so primarily to avoid another war . 
  every subsequent country joined primarily for the economic benefits of membership . 
  the benelux countries had become the primary battleground for franco-german animosity . 
  joseph bech , johan beyen , paul-henri spaak , and alcide de gasperi all supported the ecsc as a means to prevent war . 
  the benelux countries were instrumental in taking integration a step farther by calling for the messina conference , which directly led to the common market . 
  however , this was after the ecsc had already been founded . 
  italy was probably the least driven by the fear of another war , given that one of the major reasons it participated was to reassert itself in the international community . 
  nevertheless , de gasperi said in 1952 that `` the future will not be built through force , nor the desire to conquer , but by the patient application of the democratic method , the constructive spirit of agreement , and by respect for freedom . '', 
  he expressed support for the ecsc almost immediately after schuman first proposed it as a means to prevent war among its members . 
  you need to remember that modern europe was built in the immediate aftermath of wwii . 
  you ca n't read what they wrote and said with the context of knowing that none of these countries have been at war with each other since 1945 . 
  none of them knew , with any amount of confidence , that wwii would be the last war among them . 
  also not true . 
   for dodging another war this was always the primary reason . 
  poland is my favorite character in polandball ; stupid , but with good intentions . 
  he 's like homer simpson . 
  that 's pretty much why britain joined . 
  now look where they 've ended up . 
  the countries that founded the eu did so for a significantly different reason than why every other country has joined . 
   also the bar is n't `` hey we 're not at war !, 
  that 's unity . '', 
  i get what you 're saying , but that is literally the eu 's raison d'\u00eatre . 
  we 're quick to forget that the eu is a unification project without precedent . 
  it was never going to be a smooth and quick path . 
  republicans far more so than democrats do n't care about violating international norms if they really want something . 
  the eu will need to act tougher on the us when republicans are in power , because power is the only thing they respect . 
  half of the brexit contingent on reddit , it seems . 
  i think trump 's readily apparent stupidity and crass nature turn otherwise ideologically like-minded people off . 
  my favorite thing in this brave new world are the brexit supporters who scoff at trump supporters . 
  i do n't understand how c-list british celebrities can make it big in america . 
  the central powers did nothing wrong . 
  possibly . 
  `` art has no purpose , i am better than you . '', 
  yes , but it describes the lowest effort presidency i 've seen . 
  rumor has it he 's getting fatter now too . 
  i do n't know why people are constantly surprised by the left 's pro-eu stance . 
  it 's basic political theory that the left is more internationalist and the right is more nationalist . 
  the eu itself is one of the most advanced and significant international organizations in the world . 
  while there are eurosceptics on the left , they are few and far between , particularly when compared to how widespread and organized eurosceptics are on the right . 
  i do n't know if it 's because people buy into the horseshoe theory or what , but the internationalism/nationalism divide is one of the defining distinctions between the left and the right . 
  i also do n't recall the usage being terribly widespread even in 2003 , but then again i 've lived in uber-liberal bubbles my entire life and have no intention of leaving them . 
  i fucking hate thomas friedman . 
  these are just russian cyber-tourists . 
  there 's a lot of good news from europe this morning . 
  merci !, 
  just say you hate muslims and call us jews . 
  stop being so politically correct . 
  sorry , i meant to say that internationalism is a characteristic that increases in strength the further left you go and nationalism is a characteristic that increases in strength the further right you go . 
  i did n't mean to conflate support for internationalism with support for respecting international norms . 
  the soviets , as you say , did n't respect many international norms if they were western/democratic/capitalist norms . 
  that was standard nationalist policy coming from the republican party . 
  they do n't value international norms and institutions nearly as much as the democrats do . 
  this is one of the most distinct differences between left and right wing ideologies . 
  [ we 're already on it . 
  ] ( http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2017/06/01/cuomo-climate-alliance/ ) however , california and new york are already the two states with the lowest per capita carbon dioxide emissions . 
  there is a not insignificant segment of the republican party that would like to because they think we contribute too much of its funding . 
  i am green with envy . 
  macron is looking like the man europe has needed for the past decade and a half . 
  i hope he can act as a counterbalance to the insanity of the republican party . 
   look , having nuclear -- my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer , dr. john trump at mit ; good genes , very good genes , ok , very smart , the wharton school of finance , very good , very smart -- you know , if you 're a conservative republican , if i were a liberal , if , like , ok , if i ran as a liberal democrat , they would say i 'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world -- it 's true ! -- but when you 're a conservative republican they try -- oh , do they do a number -- that 's why i always start off : went to wharton , was a good student , went there , went there , did this , built a fortune -- you know i have to give my like credentials all the time , because we 're a little disadvantaged -- but you look at the nuclear deal , the thing that really bothers me -- it would have been so easy , and it 's not as important as these lives are ( nuclear is powerful ; my uncle explained that to me many , many years ago , the power and that was 35 years ago ; he would explain the power of what 's going to happen and he was right -- who would have thought ? 
  ) , but when you look at what 's going on with the four prisoners -- now it used to be three , now it 's four -- but when it was three and even now , i would have said it 's all in the messenger ; fellas , and it is fellas because , you know , they do n't , they have n't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men , so , you know , it 's gon na take them about another 150 years -- but the persians are great negotiators , the iranians are great negotiators , so , and they , they just killed , they just killed us . 
  i have a very hard time believe that that sentence was anything other than the ramblings of an idiot or a brain riddled with some sort of disease . 
  the overwhelming majority of people do not speak like this , educated or not . 
  at no point has trump ever discussed any policy in any amount of detail to display a mastery of the subject or to instill confidence in subject matter experts . 
  he recycles the same words and points for everything he says . 
  the more brazen and crass nature of his dog-whistle politics breaks with the carefully nuanced version peddled by the republican party for decades ; all it does is reveal him as a blunt and unwieldy instrument . 
  trump was born into riches and has fallen upward his entire life . 
  you 're giving him too much credit . 
  macron would be better than trump based on his command of english alone . 
  no , you have to shoot it first . 
  do it . 
  this country does n't fucking learn until it gets hit in the fucking head . 
  239 heart attacks in the house and 52 heart attacks in the senate . 
  i am calling for a complete and total shutdown of irishmen entering the united states until our country 's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on . 
  lol, 
  six heart attacks gives us mattis , who is the first non-republican on the list . 
  5 hour old account pushing xenophobia and the bernie bro narrative . 
  report him and move on . 
  lying under oath is perjury . 
  impeachment is , ultimately , a political process in the house of representatives , but nominally is an official accusation that a crime was committed , like an indictment . 
  you need 50 % +1 votes to impeach the president . 
  a trial is then held in the senate , where you 'd need 67 senators to vote to remove the president from office . 
  nigel farage was never content to destroy just one country 's future . 
  the main concern is that trump and some of his people made a quid pro quo with russia to hack their democratic opponents in exchange for something ( lifting of american sanctions , recognition of crimea as russian territory etc ) . 
  his associates have met with russian government officials and businessmen without disclosing them and have repeatedly lied about all of it . 
  on top of that , the steele dossier included a lot of other salacious allegations about trump , his family , and associates , indicating the possibility that putin is blackmailing trump . 
  our national security , and our allies ' by extension , as well as the stability of the international system are at risk if trump is working for russia in some capacity .
