  fortunately for the eu , they have the former eastern bloc to act as a counterbalance to the west 's russian apologists . 
  i agree . 
  canada just gets the benefit of great pr by being our neighbor . 
  it 's relevant insofar that it provides further impetus for amending the constitution . 
  as much as i hate the alt-right and donald trump , they won fair and square . 
  imagine a world where the us , uk , and france flirt with authoritarianism while germany emerges as the champion of liberal democracy . 
  this year has been so fucking weird . 
  not if it means both of our countries delve further into authoritarianism . 
  imagine if this becomes the actual succession of american presidents . 
  43 : george w. bush 44 : barack obama 45 : donald trump 46 : kanye west 47 : literally just a meme printed out on a piece of paper, 
  i remember when the internet was america , canada , and western europe . 
  good times , make the internet great again !, 
  johnimir serbsonovi\u0106 , destroyer of turks, 
   i shall now proceed to angrily sip my beef soup , whilst petting my pet goat . 
  i do n't know anything about either country , so i do n't know whether these are slovenian or slovakian stereotypes . 
  hey , do n't blame me , i voted for barney sandals . 
  if we had stayed with you , we would have had to speak english . 
  from 1776 to 1792 , the us did n't even have an executive . 
  the need for a strong executive was one of the main reasons for calling a constitutional convention in the first place . 
  the idea was never to create something like a monarch , however . 
  the president , particularly back in 1792 , was far more limited in power than his monarch counterparts . 
  the office had clearly defined powers , methods to indirectly elect and remove the occupant , and could be overruled by congress . 
  the us presidency was the first executive of its kind , really . 
  yes , and the eu has an ambassador to the us ; the eu maintains a delegation to the us in washington . 
  [ it also has a delegation to the un in new york , as well as diplomatic missions of varying sizes to nearly every country in the world . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_diplomatic_missions_of_the_european_union ), 
  agreed . 
  i do n't need to be convinced to annex britain . 
  let 's do it . 
   bush 1 ... lost votes to perot if i recall correctly , since i looked this up several weeks ago after having made the same argument on this sub , that perot pulled more from clinton than bush , or equally at best . 
  we make the mistake of looking at 1992 with a more modern political lens . 
   neither him nor clinton got anywhere close to 50 % of the popular vote in ' 92 . 
  that 's true , but there have been [ 12 presidential elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states%27_presidential_plurality_victories ) where the winner won with a plurality rather than a majority of the vote . 
  it 's not uncommon by any means . 
  yea , probably . 
  the problem with any assertion that x country is the world 's oldest democracy is how you define democracy in the first place . 
  for example , can we even call the us in 1776 or 1789 a democracy , when very few people could vote ? 
  in an 18th century context , i think we can , given the other countries we can even compare it to . 
  i do n't think anyone would seriously disagree the us and uk have the strongest claims to the honor . 
  the way i see it is that the american system of government in 2016 looks almost exactly like it did in 1789 . 
  the same can not be said of the uk . 
  the uk has effectively gone through constitutional reform , but over the course of centuries . 
  ### no taxation without representation !, 
  usa usa usa !, 
  a lot of people have pointed out the similarities between the reagan/bush 1980-1992 era and the obama/clinton 2008-2020 era . 
  i do believe that hillary , given she wins tonight , is a far more beatable incumbent than either reagan or obama . 
  i see one chief difference between what we can reasonably expect from 2016-2020 and what we witnessed in 1988-1992 . 
  bush presided over the end of the cold war . 
  the soviet union and communism collapsed . 
  democracy was spreading rapidly . 
  america 's political and economic ideology seemed triumphant . 
  giving the keys to the country to a political novice ( bill clinton ) , relative to an experienced and steady hand ( bush ) , did n't seem overly risky . 
  in 2016-2020 , i think we 'll see greater global instability , primarily as a result of russian and chinese aggression . 
  greater threats to american interests and allies may convince people that a steady and experienced hand is more necessary to guide the country ( hillary ) . 
  article 2 , section 1 of the constitution  no person except a natural born citizen , or a citizen of the united states , at the time of the adoption of this constitution , shall be eligible to the office of president ; neither shall any person be eligible to that office who shall not have attained to the age of thirty five years , and been fourteen years a resident within the united states . 
  you can not hold the office of the president if you do not need these requirements . 
  or queen elizabeth ii . 
  but seriously , whoever they pick would still have to be a natural-born citizen , over 35 years old , and a resident of the us for 14 years . 
  here 's to hoping we get better candidates in 2020 . 
  the world 's oldest democracy is usually considered the us , but there is an argument to be made for britain . 
  the thing is that the us in 1776 was significantly more democratic than britain , but britain 's system of government has continuously evolved over centuries . 
  it did n't have a clean break with an entirely new system of government like most democracies . 
  given an 18th century context of democracy , the us was and britain was n't . 
  yes , but in this case , a foreigner actually owns your house . 
  do n't make the mistake of conflating the iraq and afghan wars . 
   chinese ca n't do much harm to pax americana , but ** taking taiwan is easy . 
  ** lol, 
  because the person you 're replying to is wrong , for a number of reasons : * invading taiwan will kill any goodwill china has with the rest of asia . 
  * taiwan is more than capable of putting up a fight , even without american assistance . 
  * an invasion risks american intervention . 
  * an invasion could fail and be humiliating for china and the communist party . 
  * an invasion could foment unrest in other parts of the prc . 
  any of these could completely destroy the communist party , whose ultimate goal is to stay in power , not to make china more powerful or prosperous . 
  there is so much that could go wrong that it is n't worth the risk . 
  at best , china gains a relatively small province . 
  thanks . 
  it was everything i hoped it would be . 
  that 's the main difference between realism and neorealism in ir theory . 
  neorealists have largely supplanted realists , as they instead argue that the international system is anarchic and states , rather than individuals , inherently seek to maximize their own power . 
  however , lots of ir/eu studies nerds argue that neoliberal institutionalism best describes the eu . 
  i do n't buy it , however . 
  i 'm very much a neorealist . 
   call me what you want , if wanting self governance for scotland makes me a nationalist then so be it . 
  good on you . 
  i wish leavers would just own up to the fact that they voted leave because they 're nationalists . 
  it 's not a dirty word per se , but just be fucking honest about it . 
  i 'm just here because i want more cat pictures . 
  i will fight you . 
  your complacency is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  you 're taking the strength of your political culture and institutions for granted while others can plainly see the all too familiar corrosive forces undermining them . 
  ronald reagan put it best : `` freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction . '', 
  the netherlands sucks anyway , nothing positive about it wow , that was easy . 
  wait , what 's wrong with sting ? 
   you make it sound like the eu working for the interests of its member state is somehow a bad thing . 
  it absolutely can be . 
  the eu 's decentralized power is a major hamstring . 
  national governments often prioritize national interests at the expense of doing what would be best for the entire eu . 
  the cover . 
  this genuinely scares me , because people in old , established democracies are generally complacent about the strength of their democracy . 
  things like this is how democracy fails .
