  english . 
  i 'm not sure if we can trust europeans with kfc . 
  whenever i read articles about britain and the eu , i always end up realizing just how much i sigh and shake my head . 
  poland can into english . 
  relevant : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le_ungdpa4c, 
  potato . 
  we must build more mcdonalds . 
  if you do , we 'll give you more fjords as compensation . 
  i think it 's poorly worded . 
  i 'd probably say `` the eu is the one of the strongest progressive forces in the world on a variety of issues . '', 
  he wants to have his cake and eat it too , essentially . 
  i find this to be surprisingly common among euroskpetics . 
  he 's right , in a way . 
  no where else on earth has there been a gradual unification of a continent that has warred with itself for thousands of years . 
  the nation-state was first developed in europe , and all it did was lead to the kind of nationalism that brought the continent to its knees . 
  the model of the nation-state spread to the rest of the world , and has been the dominant system ever since . 
  the eu is the first step beyond the nation-state . 
  the rest of the world would do well to take notice . 
  wow , he 's quite young for a head of government . 
  ah , more tea for the harbor . 
  german-american probably . 
  france should be the one hoisting it . 
  europe - `` solidarity unless it is inconvenient . '', 
  it was phrased poorly , but i used the word unnecessary to mean that some countries already have or exceed the capabilities that the mistral provide , france and the uk being the most obvious . 
  germany is the china of rich countries . 
   what a giant waste of a great people . 
  russian history in eight words . 
  regarding your last point : the issue was decided by majority vote in the council of ministers . 
  it 's in the eu rule book that you signed up to when joining . 
  just because you do n't like the decision does n't mean it was n't democratic . 
  unlikely . 
  egypt is an ally of the west and russia 's economy is hurting enough without another extravagant arms purchase . 
  the `` nice '' countries in the world have no need for them because the ships are either unnecessary , or the countries are small , landlocked , or american allies . 
  the vast majority of europe 's problems are due to deliberately crafted inability of the eu to act as a federal government . 
  it is amazing how many of your continents problems could be solved by federalism . 
  the answer to these constant economic , immigration , and defense crises is more europe , not less . 
  if people such as yourself , who were federalists , can be so easily turned against the idea , then europe will always fail to meet its potential . 
  europe has three options going forward regarding the eu : 1 . 
  break up and become individually weaker and poorer . 
  stay the course and remain a hobbled giant indefinitely . 
  federalize and surrender national sovereignty in exchange for increased power , wealth , and effective governance . 
  it 's abundantly clear to me which of these three options is best . 
  if you really value your national sovereignty over everything else , then no one can help you . 
  i can understand people confusing sweden and switzerland , but confusing sweden and america is a stretch . 
  sure , war wreaked havoc on europe for milennia as well . 
  despite this , the continent still progressed , largely unabated , by nearly every societal measure . 
  what were the factors that allowed europe to be both so much more destructive and constructive relative to every other region on the planet ? 
  it 's also worth noting that the us supported the creation of edc . 
  since it 's failure , however , the us has opposed any european efforts to duplicate nato 's purpose . 
   if 2 generations after migrating the descendants of migrants still consider themselves turk and dont speak german on their own unless forced to , they arent integrated at all . 
  no , it means they are n't assimilated . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_assimilation  cultural assimilation is the process by which a person or a group 's language and/or culture come to resemble those of another group . 
  that 's because the jews smashed arab solidarity . 
  i 'll take eu foreign policy for $ 600 , alex. 
  this is the single biggest issue facing the european union at the moment ( so long as greece does n't flare up again ) . 
  the discussion should be welcomed . 
  a pack of cigarettes and a high-end escort of their choice . 
  repurpose the third amendment to place a united states marine in every home on earth . 
  a multipolar world is n't likely to emerge any time soon . 
  the mid 21st century will most likely be bipolar with the us and china as the two obvious poles . 
  europe is essentially a part of the us 's pole , whereas india will likely still be too poor , and russia and brazil too poor and small to be poles in their own right . 
  bipolar paradigms are more stable than multipolar ones , as evidenced by the cold war . 
  hey cortana , what is a europe ? 
  because turkey is one of the most geopolitically important countries in the world . 
  it straddles the borders of several major civilizations and world powers , and controls a vital waterway connecting the black sea and the mediterranean sea . 
  the fact that it is also one of the only secular and democratic muslim majority countries is something that should be held up as a model for the rest of the muslim world . 
  i would sooner kick the baltic states out of nato than turkey . 
  it 's too valuable . 
  if we left europe alone , many of the former communist countries would be under russia 's thumb again . 
  the most powerful country in europe is led by an egomaniacal man who laments the loss of the soviet union and has no qualms about surreptitiously invading and occupying `` historic '' russian territories like ukraine and georgia . 
  the us sure would love to never have to worry about european security again , but as long as russia refuses to become a true liberal democracy , then it will always be a threat to europe and american interests . 
  the us is europe 's only ally that can keep russia in check . 
  furthermore , the article is about an anti-ballistic missile system , which is an entirely defensive system , though there are valid criticisms about its capacity to undermine nuclear deterrence . 
  thank god i 'm male . 
  ** usa usa usa !, 
  imagine how relevant your country would be if you rebuffed the us and left the eu . 
  mitterand 's leftist economic policies appeared to fail early on in his first term , so he did a u-turn and adopted more right-wing economic policies . 
  additionally , mitterand governed through two periods of `` cohabitation , '' when the center-right controlled the parliament and most domestic policies . 
  the ideological divide during the 1980s was n't that wide after all . 
  yes , this has been a very common criticism of the eurocrisis . 
  during the cold war and after the first eu enlargement , the uk , france , and germany could all play off of one another . 
  the increasingly multispeed nature of integration , and power and financial imbalance between france and germany has pushed a reluctant germany into the primary role . 
  what has resulted is an incredibly slow , complex , and inefficient system of governance at the european level . 
  yes , but reunification resulted in a lot of attention on developing east germany . 
  it is only fairly recent that germany has become more outward looking ( hell , even now it still gets criticized for being too passive on the global stage ) . 
  the eurocrisis is the first major example of germany sort of taking up the mantle as the unofficial leader of the eu . 
  we 're also comparing the past 25 years of franco-german cooperation to the 1951-1989 period , which saw the relationship produce a lot more major initiatives . 
  these include the treaty of paris establishing the ecsc , the rome treaty establishing the eec , the creation of euratom , the schengen agreement , the single european act , the creation of european political cooperation , the creation of esa , and the foundation for the maastricht treaty and the euro itself . 
  the lisbon treaty is the only major treaty since german reunification , as the amsterdam and nice treaties were fairly minor in comparison . 
  european integration during the cold war was far more rapid than it has been since . 
  well france 's population is growing faster than just about every other country in the eu while germany 's is declining . 
  they 'll probably be equals in a few decades . 
  that being said , it is still a tricky thing to compare the power of the two countries . 
  germany is the undisputed economic center of the eu at the moment , but france has a far more powerful armed forces ( and it uses it quite frequently ) . 
  france is a permanent member of the un security council , a recognized nuclear power , and has a lot of extensive relationships with countries , such as many in africa , that germany does n't have . 
  france is also the largest agricultural economy in the eu . 
  at present , the eu is primarily an economic entity , which skews the balance in germany 's favor . 
  as it continues to develop greater political and defense dimensions , france 's significance increases . 
  the relationship has been more difficult since german reunification , which gave germany a significantly larger economy and population relative to france . 
  it has been further strained by the ideological divide between the center-left government in paris and the center-right government in berlin .
