  i would take this news with a grain of salt until we hear from them . 
  i would argue that a smaller eurozone in the long term still does not solve the fundamental problem with the european economy . 
  it is so closely integrated , even outside of the eurozone , that when one country experiences troubles , it can start a domino effect . 
  by downsizing the eurozone , perhaps by kicking italy and greece out , the leaders of the eurozone ( the french president and german chancellor ) , lose their already tenuous claims of authority and legitimacy in suggesting , or even dictating , fiscal policy to the bad apples of europe . 
  kicking greece out of the eurozone would be hell for the greek people , and would probably infuriate them even more , leading to contempt for those in the eurozone and unwillingness to coordinate on political and economic matters . 
  if greece and italy stay in the eurozone , and the eu instead is given expanded powers ( namely in the commission and parliament ) , the germans , french , finns , etc. 
  gain the legitimacy and authority to set fiscal policy for the entire eurozone via political representation . 
  to put it short , by keeping the eurozone intact and vigorously pursuing fiscal union , the eu gets control over the entire eurozone 's finances . 
  i agree that it is still a tough sell to the european populace , but the alternative is far , far worse , which must be conveyed to the public by european leaders as much as it is necessary . 
  i would like to see a more federal europe . 
   a transfer union as in the northern countries subsidising the southern ? 
  if so , there is zero chance of that happening . 
  none at all . 
  it 's already happening . 
  the efsf and the bailouts of individual countries have been largely financed by the eu 's richer member states . 
   it was always foolish to extend a euro with such lax controls to countries with dodgy recent economic histories . 
  hence why monetary union without fiscal union was doomed to fail from the get-go . 
  many argue that the design intent of maastricht was to erect a monetary union without fiscal union , knowing that a crisis like this would emerge , forcing fiscal union at a time when it would be more politically viable . 
   a consolidated , smaller eurozone would be better in the short term . 
  whether they can get there without destroying the european economy is another matter . 
  i think most people would agree that a smaller eurozone would be better in the short term . 
  the problem is that the only way of getting there * would * ensure a collapse of the european economy . 
  this is why a complete , or partial , break-up of the eurozone has been off the table ( at least among the french and german governments ) from the very beginning . 
  fiscal union is being realized in the eurozone , just not very quickly . 
  the efsf , especially now with its expanded powers and funds , is evident of this . 
  everyone who is well-versed in the eurozone crisis understands that there exists two solutions . 
  they are either a return to a pre-maastricht europe or a united states of europe . 
  the former is generally agreed upon to induce recession in nearly every european country , depression in some ( greece ) , costing enormous percents of gdp . 
  the latter requires europeans to give up a great deal of national sovereignty and to embrace the european union as a sovereign , federal state , rather than a relatively loose , non-state confederacy . 
  ultimately , the best solution is to create federal europe . 
  monetary union without fiscal union has failed . 
  fiscal union will force fiscal policy to be determined at the european level , hence the european commission and european parliament will be granted expanded powers , creating a strong central , federal government . 
  a return to pre-maastricht europe would be devastating for the global economy , which is why it is not an option . 
  the middle of the road is also not an option because that is exactly where europe is now , and it does n't work . 
  creating federal europe would take many years of new treaties and national referendums . 
  although the euro crisis could be solved before federal europe ever emerges , there is no surefire way of preventing a similar crisis from emerging short of federal europe . 
  what happens if france were to get itself into trouble ? 
  would germany kick france out of eurozone 2.0 ? 
  even if they wanted to , the french would not stand for it . 
  it 's time for european leaders to admit to the fact that the only surefire way to end this crisis is to erect a transfer union wherein the rich bail out the poor . 
  this crisis is not so much the fault of the italian and greek people as it is their political systems and the eu 's lack of power , oversight , and judgment . 
  it is wrong for them to have to suffer so greatly at the mercy of this crisis , when it is not necessary . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  i would watch that tv show . 
  here 's to hoping this is the beginning of the end of this insufferable douche bag . 
  their political system is slightly more rightist than continental europe . 
  this is mostly because great britain was the first country to industrialize , thus it occurred naturally , i.e. 
  without much governmental assistance . 
  this happened to a slightly lesser degree in the united states as well . 
  continental european powers used their governments to help accelerate their own industrialization in order to compete with great britain in all aspects ( economically , military etc. ) . 
  thus , there is still lingering sentiment in great britain that government should play a more subdued role in the economy . 
  the european union represents the possibility of a federal-like entity sapping great britain of more and more sovereignty in economic areas . 
  they were also a global power at one point , and have a special relationship with the u.s. ( which is becoming increasingly one-sided ) . 
  their role in international affairs has for a long time been wildly disproportionate to its size , even more-so than that of france or germany . 
  as such , strong nationalist sentiment still exists in the country that exceeds the mainstream of continental europe . 
  many brits also fear that they have to make a choice between the u.s. and the eu . 
  this is a choice they do n't really want to make . 
  as an american , i first found this funny because marine le pen would fit in quite well with the modern republican party . 
  then i became sad because of how awful that is . 
  i fucking hate this guy . 
   europe prides itself in its democratic states , but to an outside obersver it does not seem to be overly democratic at the eu level . 
  it seems that a lot of the measure are pushed through the bureaucracy and then the eu uses its financial power to bully individual nations into accepting them . 
   most recently this has been observed in greece where the referendum ( for better or for worse ) was dropped , but also in ireland where referendums were redone to get the results that were wanted ( lisbon treaty ) . 
  so it seems like democracy is not that crucial for the eu . 
  this is true . 
  this is one of the most fundamental issues of the eu in its current state . 
  it will have to be addressed in the medium term . 
  in the short term , a solution is needed for the euro crisis . 
  some consider these two to be one in the same . 
   now with the situation in greece , is there a possibility that the riots will force the greek government to resign , in a manner similar to tunisia/egypt ? 
  i am aware of the differences , namely the greek government being democratically elected has higher legitimacy and can strongly enforce its claim to govern until the end of its term . 
  but if enough people and for a sustained amount of time oppose the government it will be pushed in a position where it has no more legitimacy . 
  is that possible ? 
  what happened in tunisia and egypt was revolution . 
  their entire political system was upended and is now in the process of transition to democracy from autocracy . 
  greece is already a democracy . 
  i do n't know whether or not you are european yourself , but because this is a primarily english speaking website , and americans make up the majority of user-base , i 'll need to explain that the european sense of the term `` government '' is very different from the american sense of the word . 
  a `` government '' in europe typically refers to the executive ( prime minister + cabinet ) . 
  for example , there is the cameron government in the uk , and the merkel government in germany . 
  when a government falls , it means the government ( again , executive ) has failed a vote of confidence in the parliament , usually by means of a simple majority vote . 
  when a government falls , new elections are triggered , and the electorate votes for members of parliament . 
  a european government , in an american context , is somewhat similar to what is referred to as the `` obama administration . '', 
  after a government falls , the political system of the country remains intact , thought a different party or coalition may come to power , thus forming a new government . 
  that aside , it is very , very unlikely that regime change could occur in greece , despite the mess it is in . 
  european leaders are keenly aware of the eu 's `` democratic deficit . '', 
  this is the preferred term that is used to describe the lack of democratic institutions in the eu itself , despite there being a prerequisite for eu membership for a democratic system of government . 
  the european parliament was among the first ways to attempt to resolve this issue . 
  this is the only directly elected body in the entire european union . 
  however , it lacks a great deal of power , making it a relatively insignificant institution . 
  the biggest problem it has is that it does not have the power of legislative initiative , that is , the ability to introduce legislation . 
  this makes it dependent on other institutions such as the european council , council of minister , and the european commission , all of which are not directly elected by the european people . 
  ultimately , there are two paths that europe can go down . 
  one path leads back toward what resembles europe prior to the second world war . 
  this is a europe that lacks institutions meant to mediate disagreement and hostility between individual nations . 
  one that makes travel and economic activity far more difficult and cumbersome than it is today . 
  most europeans do not want this . 
  most agree that the eu serves a vital function , such as promoting free trade and expanding and enforcing the single market , among other things . 
  the second path is one toward a single federal state , something akin to the united states of europe . 
  the european union would be recognized as a sovereign state , and its member states , such as france and germany , would be resigned to a status similar to american states , like california and new york . 
  this path has been in the news a lot more frequently in recent months and years because of the current sovereign debt crisis .
