  that does n't explain why egypt would n't use a submarine in actual warfare . 
  let 's not forget that egypt orchestrated and participated in several wars with israel . 
  though i agree with you , the idea of a directly elected president is to foster pan-european identity , which is arguably easier to accomplish than with a prime minister . 
  yes , they are working toward one , but there will come a point in time when the decision to reconstitute the eu as a federal , sovereign state , will be made . 
  at that point , i expect most countries to hold a referendum . 
  banking union is a far cry from federation . 
  it is an element of it though . 
  a banking union by itself is not a issue so fundamental that it would be put to a popular referendum in most countries . 
  even if 80-90 % of people think that now , it does n't mean that 80-90 % of people will think that 30 years from now . 
  this is n't going to happen in 10 years time . 
  it will take decades . 
  what barroso is doing now is getting the word federation into the public arena . 
  the goal is to get people familiar and comfortable with the idea , so that when a healthy majority of the european people are supportive of federation , they can go ahead and create one . 
  the idea is to change what people think , not to bypass them . 
  this is why it will take so long . 
  ah , that clears things up . 
  when the time comes for countries to decide to join/create a new federal sovereign state , i am certain that nearly all countries will put it to a referendum . 
  it is just too important of an issue . 
  it 's perhaps the most important political question you can ask . 
  partly . 
  you seem to doubt catalonia 's ability . 
  catalonia is the richest region in spain . 
  the government collects more revenue from it than it gives in return . 
  i 'm sure they would be just as fine , if not more fine , that an independent scotland . 
  let 's remember that federation is still decades off . 
  i think nearly all eu countries would reject a federation now . 
   but the eu is not irrevocable . 
  we have to deal with the world as it is , rather than how we want it to be . 
  if you accept the former , the more control you have over the latter . 
  an example would be american policy toward china in the 1970s . 
  nixon and kissinger were realists , they did n't like the fact that the people 's republic of china controlled the mainland , and much preferred the republic of china . 
  but they understood that the prc was here to stay , and they pursued a policy that brought china out of its self isolation and on the path to becoming an integral part of global politics and economics . 
  the conservative firebrands in the republican party at the time ( such as reagan and william f. buckley ) hated that nixon essentially abandoned the republic of china and pursued a new relationship with the prc . 
  similarly , the eu is here to stay . 
  sure , technically it is possible to dissolve it , but there is n't a large enough desire to , nor any real reason to other than residual nationalist sentiment . 
   this is certainly the viewpoint of the pro-eu world . 
  no , this is fact . 
  the uk is a country of 62 million people that is intent on retaining its status as an influential global player . 
  when even the united states is experiencing relative decline , believing that the uk can maintain significant influence in the world is delusional . 
  the 21st century will be dominated by countries like the us , china , india , as well as the eu . 
  that is nationalist rhetoric . 
  just because the eu suffers from a democratic deficit now , does n't mean a federal europe would . 
  the reason why the deficit even exists is because national politicians refuse to give up more power to brussels . 
  if the commission was a direct outgrowth of the parliament like in traditional system , and if the parliament had the power of legislative initiative , then the eu would be about as democratic as any of its member states . 
  the eu lacks sufficient democratic control because national leaders , and their electorates by extension , refuse to let it happen . 
  unfortunately , the latter is largely unaware of their role in this whole debacle . 
  but that 's exactly how integration started . 
  the inner six gave up sovereignty over their coal and steel industries to a supranational union . 
  integration has always been about surrounding sovereignty to a higher authority . 
  federation is still a dirty word to some extent . 
  this is really the first time someone in a position as powerful as barroso 's has openly talked about federation with that exact word . 
  this is a major step forward in getting the public to think of it as the goal of integration . 
  federalization will likely take several decades , give or take , because it will take a lot of time for people to come around to the idea ( and for those who are adamantly opposed to it to die off ) . 
  this is the first step toward a new identity in europe . 
  i think everyone should welcome it . 
  i agree that it is n't fair . 
  whatever happened to internal enlargement/expansion ? 
  if east germany could be integrated into the eu via an existing member state , then surely a region that splits from an existing member state should remain in the eu . 
  i 'm sure that scottish independence would require some sort of transition in regards to its relationship with the eu , but having to reapply for membership seems ridiculous given that it has been in the eu for nearly forty years . 
  sweden is still obligated to join at some point . 
  they have been able to remain outside of the eurozone indefinitely because the transition and cohesion of monetary policy is largely in the hands of national governments in the earlier stages . 
  the uk and denmark are the only countries with real opts-outs , and even then , denmark 's currency is pegged to the euro . 
  the uk is the only country in the uk that has a complete , formal opt-out of monetary union . 
  they 're old enough that people were born in them . 
  i 'm not endorsing the settlements , i 'm just saying this issue is n't black and white ( obviously ) . 
  and what about the israelis who were born in the settlements ? 
  why should they be at fault for something they did n't do ? 
  it 's waiting . 
  whether or not people talk about things you do n't like is not for you , nor any person , to decide . 
  that is a dangerous precedent that has existed for nearly all of human history . 
  only recently have we become to toss it aside . 
  if you want progress , you have to take the good with the bad . 
  letting things sort themselves out in the open is a far more reasonable way to conduct than to sweep it under the rug . 
  if you agree with the concept of free speech , then you will come across a lot of speech you find vile and disagree with . 
  censorship is never a good thing . 
   bigotry towards muslims is bad bigotry against anyone is bad . 
  that being said , you can hold a person in high regard , and their religion in low regard . 
  i find islam is as inane as christianity . 
  among the many reasons why islam has the reputation it does in the west is because it has not become as flexible with modernity in much of its native territory as , say , christianity has in europe and north america . 
  much of the west has exceed this point , and tossed christianity and religion aside altogether . 
  goddamn it asia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation_state  the state is a political and geopolitical entity ; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity . 
  empires , principalities , kingdoms , and dukedoms , all of which are existed for thousands of years , are not the same thing as a nation state . 
  the nation state is just that , a blend of both the nation and the state . 
  the nation is typically associated with shared culture , language , history etc. 
  the state is the sovereignty exerted over a specific geographic area by a illegitimate political entity . 
  the degree of centralized political power in a nation state exceeds that of the aforementioned types of societies . 
  here 's an example to help people better understand . 
  the jewish nation has existed for thousands of years , as a community that existed across many different parts of the world . 
  only recently did a jewish nation-state arise ( israel in 1948 . ), 
  any student of political science , international affairs , or history learns that the nation state , and nationalism by association , is a modern notion ; arising in the early 1800s , specifically in the wake of the french revolution and during the onset of industrialization . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation_state  the state is a political and geopolitical entity ; the nation is a cultural and/or ethnic entity . 
  empires , principalities , kingdoms , and dukedoms , all of which are existed for thousands of years , are not the same thing as a nation state . 
  the nation state is just that , a blend of both the nation and the state . 
  the nation is typically associated with shared culture , language , history etc. 
  the state is the sovereignty exerted over a specific geographic area by a illegitimate political entity . 
  the degree of centralized political power in a nation state exceeds that of the aforementioned types of societies . 
  here 's an example to help people better understand . 
  the jewish nation has existed for thousands of years , as a community that existed across many different parts of the world . 
  only recently did a jewish nation-state arise ( israel in 1948 . ),
