  i also never said anywhere in this thread that 100 % of someone 's wealth should be taxed by the government after they die . 
  i said , in the us , it should be much higher than 40 % . 
  i also said that people can decide , to a degree , where their money goes after they die . 
  we already do with every form of taxation . 
   it should n't be legal to inherit such obscene levels of wealth . 
  and in response to `` why not ? 
  where is the harm in having people decide for themselves where their own money goes after their death ? '', 
   they can , to a certain degree . 
  but leaving your children tens of millions of dollars only creates a new aristocracy . 
  those children did nothing to earn that money . 
  the only claim they have to it over anyone else is their blood . 
  the money could be used to build roads and schools to help everyone else instead . 
  again , no where did i say that the tax rate should be 100 % , just a lot higher than it is . 
  no where did i say that the tax rate should be 100 % . 
  i 'm not going to restate arguments that were settled in the 19th century . 
  an aristocrat by nature is more powerful and influential than the average man . 
  someone should n't , by default , be in a position of power . 
  it 's not fundamentally different from a monarchy , but i also think those are unjust . 
  if you think taxation is stealing people 's money then i 'm not going to bother continuing this discussion . 
  they can , to a certain degree . 
  but leaving your children tens of millions of dollars only creates a new aristocracy . 
  those children did nothing to earn that money . 
  the only claim they have to it over anyone else is their blood . 
  the money could be used to build roads and schools to help everyone else instead . 
  in the us , the first $ 5.5 million is not taxed , but after that it is 40 % . 
  i think it should be much higher . 
  it should n't be legal to inherit such obscene levels of wealth . 
  as the child of a billionaire , you will undoubtedly have had more doors open to you than virtually everyone else on the planet . 
  that should be your advantage . 
  you should have to go out and make your money just like everyone else . 
  nazi joke . 
  wow . 
  the british public voted to leave the eu . 
  they did n't vote to leave the eu and join the eea , or to leave the eu and join efta etc. 
  in my mind it means forfeiting all of the privileges and responsibilities that came with eu membership . 
  as they should . 
  brexit means brexit , afterall . 
  do you go through life thinking that everything is an either-or option ? 
  those are russian speaking feet . 
   russia state news media had been trumpeting the deal as a sign that its partnership with iran was deepening . 
  the thing about partnerships between authoritarian countries like iran and russia is that they are built more on a common anti-western policies than feelings of friendship . 
  one of the great advantages the west has over its rivals and enemies is that our partnerships tend to be more genuine due to cultural proximity and shared political values like democracy and personal freedoms . 
  this makes our partnerships less opportunistic and fleeting . 
  imagine how different the world would be if , say , iran , russia , and china formed a cohesive anti-western bloc . 
  i need to see more of eastern europe . 
  i 've only been to krakow . 
  juncker was selected in almost the same way your pms are selected . 
  even he has more democratic legitimacy than theresa may . 
   no serious people consider themselves european first , then british second . 
  this is also true on the continent . 
  look up eurostat 's polls on european identity . 
  the most common answers are that people feel both european and swedish , for example . 
  edit : [ read this , page 24 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb77/eb77_citizen_en.pdf ), 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  where does it say he denied saying that ? 
   asked if moscow could share the airfield with coalition forces , yildirim said that `` if necessary , the incirlik base can be used . ''  yildirim also denied news reports that russia was demanding to use incirlik for its military operations in syria . 
  these do n't contradict each other . 
  am i missing something ? 
  cheers . 
  the people predicting the breakup of the euro were and are very much in the minority . 
  i 'm not calling him a pseudo expert . 
  i 'm saying that an economist does n't have the full picture of the euro . 
  pragmatism and loyalty do n't go together at all . 
  i 'm trying to point out that economists are n't the only experts to listen to regarding the euro . 
  historians and political scientists complete the picture . 
  lol you mean before or after we bugged her cell phone ? 
  economists incorrectly assumed that the euro is an economic project when in reality it is a political one . 
  it will only die if there is no political will to save it . 
  the persistent efforts from all parties to keep greece in the eurozone belies the notion that the euro is on its way out . 
  prosperity and russia go together like prosperity and ukraine . 
   i do n't think eu can be reformed , its too big but i was and mostly still am i favor of union . 
  there has been a major treaty like every decade . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the president of the commission is now elected not unlike a prime minister and the college of commissioners is similar to the cabinet . 
  in the past decade the council has become the most powerful institution in the eu . 
  the commission was at its most powerful under jacques delors a good three decades ago . 
  and now the president of the latter is essentially chosen like a prime minister as well . 
  til i want to live on a greek island . 
  this is assuming a vote of no confidence succeeds . 
  the vast majority of mps backed remain . 
  there are n't many bastions of quality journalism left in the uk to begin with . 
   germany is probably more loyal to the us than the uk . 
  lol, 
  the uk needs a leader who is willing to sacrifice his or her political career by rejecting brexit . 
  history would vindicate this person . 
  no , they should be able to change their views based on new information . 
  if you elect someone on an anti-war platform to a four year term , and your country is attacked in year two of that term , you would n't expect nor want them to remain anti-war . 
  unfortunately i can only vote for her boss . 
  that is a great line . 
   then you would accuse her of ignoring the will of the people no , because democratic representatives should n't base all of their opinions on public polling . 
  i expect them to be better educated , more knowledgeable , and advised more heavily than the average person . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  this is why i do n't like merkel . 
  she is n't a leader . 
  she goes whichever way the wind blows . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/survivorship_bias thanks for the downvote putinbot . 
  better than most english cuisine . 
  maybe we just physically swap poland and the uk if you feel that way . 
  ikea instructions .
