  among them are peace and prosperity . 
  these are things that have been taken for granted by most of us , since we do not remember the physical destruction and bloodshed that europe suffered for thousands of years . 
  unity for europe has been a good thing so far . 
  the idea to take it a little bit further and create a single state is not so radical . 
  most things in your life would not change for the worse as a result . 
  no , which is why i expect this crisis to continue for several more years . 
  which is n't going to be possible if greece continues to suffer from a depression . 
  the current policies are only making it worse . 
  at the end of the day , the only way this will be solved is when the fiscally strong countries subsidize the fiscally weak countries . 
  unity can not exist without it . 
  better learn to scuba dive then . 
  how have i never seen this ? 
  this is fantastic !, 
  savages , all of them . 
  nasa is n't preparing to go back to the moon . 
  the constellation program was our most serious attempt after apollo . 
  obama axed that program because it was expensive and had low public visibility . 
  there 's no reason to believe that nasa 's sls program and obama 's `` plan '' to visit an asteroid in 2025 and orbit mars in the 2030s wo n't be axed as well . 
  i am sure that we will return to the moon some day , but the only reason we went in the first place was to show the soviets that we had the bigger penis . 
  the collective will to do something like this again just does n't exist right now . 
  my impression has always been that germans think of themselves as too big for europe , but too small for the world . 
  thus , taking a leading role in the eu is definitely in their interest . 
  the british and french think they 're more important than they really are . 
  europe did n't spend two millennia subduing christianity only for islamist fundamentalism to fill the void . 
  keep your bigotry to yourselves . 
  to be fair , it 's the only major eu institution in france . 
  i agree that there should be a permanent seat for the parliament , but france 's historical role in the eu is deserving of some sort of physical recognition . 
  i 'm referring to federal taxation and spending by state , not state spending and revenue by state . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_taxation_and_spending_by_state#politics_and_controversy_of_unequal_contributions_by_states_to_the_federal_budget that 's not to mention the fact that the maastricht treaty did put caps on budget deficits and debt for eurozone countries . 
  the problem was they were n't enforced because the eu is a weak central government , very much unlike the federal government of the us . 
  in the us , mississippi is greece . 
  there 's no way it can break even in terms of tax money spent versus revenue provided to the federal government , because of structural and cultural problems . 
  that has n't stopped us from using money from california and new york and texas to spend on mississippi . 
  it 's because the country is better off this way rather than ignoring mississippi . 
  there are a lot of alternatives . 
  the problem is that they are n't politically feasible . 
  the best solution is to create a transfer union , issue eurobonds , and gradually harmonize fiscal policy . 
  greece is still stuck in a downward spiral . 
  the current solution is not working . 
  something needs to change . 
  merkel needs to go . 
  is that a euphemism ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/flag_of_austria-hungary_1869-1918.svg that flag is way too busy . 
  you got it !, 
  republicans are generally opposed to statehood for puerto rico because it would give the democrats 2 more senators and a couple new members in the house . 
  we ca n't even get washington , dc a voting member in the house . 
  agreed . 
  amending the constitution is arguably the most difficult thing to do in our politics . 
  constitutional reform is damn near impossible . 
  you 're right . 
  the additional 2 electoral votes go to the statewide popular vote winner . 
  because the only thing that matters is the electoral college . 
  if only 1 person votes in each of those 11 states , and they all vote for the same guy , then that guy wins all the electoral votes of those 11 states , which is greater than the 270 needed to win . 
  thank you !, 
  are n't wales and england still in a personal union ? 
  northern island not being a kingdom does n't matter , given that the country 's current name is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  i 'm an american living in america who hopes to become a european living in europe . 
  the united kingdom of england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  the flag would look really stupid though . 
  it 's actually more a sign that the republican party is the equivalent of a far right party in europe , which generally get 10 % or less of the vote . 
   the us president is n't elected by a nationwide popular vote , but rather by something called the electoral college , in which each state casts a number of votes which i think are determined by its population . 
  the number is determined partially by population . 
  it 's the state 's number of congressional districts +2 for each senator . 
  this means that wyoming 's worth in the electoral college is a lot more , relative to its size , than california , which gets screwed the most . 
   if there is a tie , the house of representatives ( one of the two houses of congress ) elects the president , but the other party 's vice presidential candidate becomes the vice president . 
  not quite . 
  the house elects the president , but the senate elects the vice-president . 
  the reason you 're hearing that president romney and vice-president biden is possible is because the republicans will likely keep the house and the democrats will likely keep the senate , thus each would vote for their party 's guy . 
   by custom , each state awards all of its electoral votes to the winner of its local popular vote . 
  so , if obama wins ohio 50-45 ( with 5 % going to minor parties ) , he 'll get 100 % of ohio 's 18 electoral votes . 
  however , the states are not bound by their respective popular votes , leaving open the possibility that a state might ignore the people 's choice . 
  nebraska and maine are the only two states that do not give all of their electoral votes to the winner . 
  they allocate them based on the popular vote . 
  if obama gets 75 % of the vote in maine , then he gets 3 out of the 4 votes . 
   although the popular vote is split roughly evenly between romney and obama , the electoral vote greatly favors obama . 
  right . 
  though it should be noted that the electoral college in general favors the republican party , due to the fact that most of the small states are red , and their weight in inflated greatly by the addition of 2 senators to their electoral votes . 
  it is * possible * for there to be a repeat of 2000 , where one man wins the popular vote and the other the electoral college . 
  romney would be more likely to win the popular vote due to higher voter turnout in red states and suppressed voter turnout in the blue states . 
  one of my favorite facts about the electoral college is that it is technically possible for someone to be elected president with just 11 votes . 
  if 1 person in each of the 11 most populous states voted for the same person , that person would become president , having secured enough electoral votes , even if tens of millions of people in the other 39 states vote for the other guy . 
  he 's right . 
  it 's a shame he sold out on so many of his promises . 
  a referendum should be hold sometime to decade to settle the issue once and for all . 
  i 'm getting sick of britain 's fence-sitting on europe . 
  for hundreds of years russia has refused to embrace the west . 
  this has been time wasted . 
  it could be one of the most influential and prosperous countries in the west , but it refuses not to do as a result of authoritarian tendencies . 
  the fall of the soviet union gave russia a real chance at reform and embracing modernity . 
  that opportunity has been squandered . 
  so long as putin is alive , russia will fall short of its potential . 
  the fact that north korea is best korea . 
  liechtenstein 's biggest problem is that it is n't a democracy . 
  the people seem content with that as long as their country is still rich . 
  they wo n't be joining the eu anytime soon . 
  the point is that the eu can impose sanctions on the governing coalition if they do n't approve of it . 
  take a look at this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_freedom_party, 
  cyprus , noooo !, 
   does that mean that american government spending is judged by the `` hive mind '' of the americans as being unnecessary and wasteful , therefore evil ? 
  to a lot of people , yea .
