  the general consensus among scholars today is the following : tier 1 : usa tier 2 : russia/china tier 3 : uk/france tier 4 : india/japan/germany if the eu had a common armed forces and foreign policy tomorrow , i 'd put them right up there in tier 2 . 
  we 're supportive of greater eu military cooperation , but we categorically oppose any moves that would make nato redundant or obsolete . 
  [ madeleine albright detailed us policy on eu military integration when she was secretary of state . 
  ] ( https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/monograph_reports/mr1463/mr1463.ch6.pdf ) as far as i know , that policy has not really changed . 
  we did , however , support the proposed european defense community back in the early 1950s , before west germany was integrated into nato . 
  at the end of the day , we want a more capable european ally that remains the junior partner in the transatlantic relationship . 
  oh my mistake then . 
  i interpreted your comment as calling the eu second rate compared to the uk . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  the only thing i 'm suggesting is that it would be eclipsed by an eu with a common armed forces . 
  relative to the us . 
  the uk would not be superior to a common eu armed forces . 
  i 'm aware that this is not what was meant by the guy to whom you replied . 
  you know , i 'm just not going to bother . 
  this article and entire thread are about the creation of a common european armed forces . 
  i do n't know how you can seriously argue that the uk would n't be eclipsed by an eu military . 
   the uk will still hold the most advanced military on the continent . 
  france and the uk have been roughly equal in hard power for decades now . 
  this whole article is about the creation of a common eu armed forces . 
  combined eu defense spending is something like 3 times britain 's . 
  it also does n't help your case that power is a notoriously difficult thing to measure . 
   no , my government and many many economists literally said it was going to be after the vote . 
  ** have fun when your banks implode . 
  ** are you too young to remember when british banks imploded in 2008/9 ? 
  eurosceptics have always had a persecution complex because they 're in the minority . 
  a single senator does n't speak for an entire nation either . 
  the uk has been the strongest proponent of eu enlargement since it joined the eu , not just under blair . 
  the idea was that the larger the eu is , the harder it would be for it to integrate more deeply . 
  you should learn your history instead of trying to trying to justify your own political views . 
  nothing . 
  canada is a great country , just not a great power . 
  i find this funny because the uk has for centuries sought to protect and advance its status as a great power , but now will be relegated into the second tier on its own continent . 
  this is a discussion board . 
  that 's how you get the russian army . 
  awesome . 
  the uk will truly become the eu 's canada . 
  with 28 different armed forces , you get a lot of unnecessary duplication . 
  sometimes i wish it was hostile . 
  belgium 's sovereignty did n't save it from being invaded by germany twice . 
   taking that away would put my country at risk and make us even more dependent on the eu as it is . 
  a lot of eu countries are already dependent on nato for defense anyway . 
  we would n't . 
  the eu is bigger , richer , and more powerful than the uk by a large margin . 
  russia is already doing this with ukraine , moldova , and georgia !, 
   brussels is good at finding ways to manipulate the rules . 
  guess which country pushed hardest for eastern enlargement ? 
  go ahead , guess . 
  leaving the us will `` liberate '' californian economy . 
  leaving france will `` liberate '' parisian economy . 
  leaving the uk will `` liberate '' scottish economy . 
  wait , lots of brits who then voted leave actually argued against that last one . 
   only 15 per cent of uk total trade is with countries that are neither members of the eu , nor covered by an eu trade agreement that is in force or under negotiation . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/ae0dc02c-75db-11e6-bf48-b372cdb1043a i 'll look for another source if you do n't want to believe clegg . 
   thanks . 
  if chinese tax-payers want to subsidise british consumers of steel , that is something that benefits the uk . 
  if you do n't think having a manufacturing sector to diversify your economy is worth having then who am i to argue with you ? 
   singapore does this best of all and the uk should seek to emulate it . 
  there is an entire economic school of thought which embraces free trade and the uk , back in the early victorian era , embraced this policy very successfully . 
  singapore does levy taxes on certain imports , depending on the product and country , though you are correct to point out that they are an extreme example of tariff-free import policy . 
  if you think a country of 65 million people can afford to be an oversized singapore , then by all means , go for it . 
  singapore is rich almost exclusively because it is small country and acts as a mediator for business and trade . 
  have fun with chinese dumping destroying various british industries then . 
  not a single country on the planet has unilateral free trade . 
  furthermore , i think it 's around 85 % of britain 's total trade is with the eu or countries with which the eu has an fta . 
   not sure whether or not brussels believes in free trade . 
  putting aside that free trade exists within the single market ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements, 
   despite initially denying that it was responsible , norilsk nickel admitted on september 12 that heavy rains on september 5 had resulted in water flooding over a `` filtration dam '' at the plant and into the river . 
  what is the point of even denying this ? 
  who else could be responsible but the mining company for which the entire city was built ? 
  i like that space articles on this sub are almost always upvoted , but comments are usually sparse . 
  i like to imagine that most of us do n't really have anything to say on subjects like stellar cartography beyond `` fuck yeah , space shit is awesome . 
  keep on keeping on esa . '', 
  i think i would like finland . 
  this is what happens when i log onto facebook : 1 . 
  get angry reading stupid comments on news articles . 
  get angry at a photo of stupid person pointing a gun at the camera with his finger on the trigger . 
  write `` happy birthday ! '', 
  to someone i speak to maybe once a year . 
  i do n't know why i still use it . 
  it 's ok to think both cameron and blair sucked . 
  nothing you said defends david cameron . 
  right , it 's russian . 
  the cfsp is already a limited european foreign policy . 
   every stall at the market does n't need to be selling the same things the same way . 
  right , but then it is n't a single market . 
  this is a very simplified example : california , texas , and florida are all members of a single market governed by common laws ( federal ) . 
  france , germany , and italy are all members of a single market governed by common laws ( european ) . 
  without common laws to create and govern a single market , france , germany , and italy become analogous to canada , the us , and mexico , rather than california , texas , and florida . 
  anyone who does n't understand this should n't have a strong opinion on the eu one way or the other . 
  the single market is the single most important thing about the eu . 
  syria has had , by far , the worst outcome from the arab spring . 
  even libya , which is the only other arab country that descended into civil war , has seen far less bloodshed and now has at least a modicum of stable government and international legitimacy . 
  none of the other countries affected by the arab spring saw anything close to the chaos that has existed in syria for five years . 
  there is little reason to believe that syria is different enough from the other arab states to warrant a brutal civil war . 
  furthermore , it does n't matter if assad was replaced by a democracy or not , he is responsible for one of the world 's worst humanitarian disasters in decades . 
  almost any form of government is preferable to living in a country embroiled in civil war . 
  he is the reason why the war is happening in the first place . 
  he could have stepped down instead of massacring his own citizens . 
   germans / germany : \u2022 lost wwi \u2022 lost wwii \u2022 commands europe funny how that works out . 
  exactly .
