  it 's an incredibly dangerous scenario . 
  watergate is probably the most well known american political scandal , but that was an amateurish break-in of the dnc by a paranoid president . 
  if a smoking gun is ever found in the trump-russia scandal , we 've entered treason territory . 
  i 've been pronouncing it cove-fee-fee , but who knows ? 
  hey , that 's pretty cool . 
  b u f f e r s t a t e, 
  wow . 
  that is gorgeous . 
  right , i 'm just adding my perspective as well . 
  there are a ton of european immigrants in nyc . 
  they 're less noticeable because their culture is more similar to ours . 
  i also suspect that european immigrants are more likely to live in more desirable places than other groups of immigrants because they come from wealthier countries . 
  absolutely . 
  the fact that they successfully got to mars on their first try is unprecedented . 
  if it were up to me , we 'd have an international space agency , under the auspices of the un , with a huge budget . 
  they 're getting there , but they have a long way to go . 
  india is too poor and too weak in both hard and soft power for its pm to be anywhere close to # 1 . 
  the politburo standing committee has traditionally been the most powerful organ of chinese government . 
  while xi jinping has gone out of his way to take a more individually authoritarian approach to governing , china still have a very powerful bureaucracy . 
  putin , by comparison , is the heart of the russian government in a more traditionally dictatorial role . 
  he is also believed to have accrued a fortune of tens of billions of dollars through shady means , and is at the head of the world 's second more powerful armed forces . 
  russia is also more aggressively and brazenly defying the international order than china . 
  in a list of the top 5 most powerful people in the world , i think putin is unquestionably at the top , followed by xi jinping , donald trump , angela merkel in no particular order . 
  the fifth spot is more open for debate , with theresa may and emmanuel macron being the most obvious contenders . 
  i 'd personally give it to macron . 
  the cold war ended 25 years ago . 
  the us supported further european integration in nearly every policy area in that time up until trump 's inauguration . 
  the foreign policy establishment in the us is still very much pro-eu . 
  it 's trump and his merry band of idiots who are n't for whatever reason . 
  no , the eu was n't becoming more independent of american foreign policy or seriously considering more concrete integration on defense policy ~ 3 years ago . 
  this is all happening because of what trump and brexit mean for the rest of the continent . 
  they are the impetus for change . 
  the us likes having europe as the * junior * partner in our relationship . 
  once china surpasses us economically , alarm bells are going to start going off in washington . 
  people will realize that we need europe to act as a second western superpower to keep russia at bay and counteract the chinese . 
  the vast majority of american policymakers already consider the eu an economic equal , but the lesser military power . 
  a federal europe is not inherently objectionable to american interests . 
  a federal europe that is not integrated into nato is . 
  american power is still in a relative decline . 
  everyone in washington who is n't completely deluded knows this . 
  at some point , probably in the next 50-100 years , we will need to act in concert with europe to retain western dominance of the international system . 
  a federal europe strongly allied with the us would be more helpful in achieving that goal than our current relationship . 
  on top of that , i think our cultures are too intertwined and our economies too interdependent to ever be anything more than rivals . 
  as an incredibly disheartened american , i genuinely appreciate your nuanced view . 
  every day trump does something to harm our soft power and international reputation that i fear is irreparable . 
  i do n't know if fully restoring our credibility is possible after what he , his party , and his supporters have unleashed . 
  i 'm not confident in my countrymen to avoid people like him in the future . 
  i 'm holding out hope that he will be removed from office in complete disgrace , and his supporters and sycophants will be so embarrassed to have been associated with him that they fade into the background of our political culture . 
  well , some do anyway . 
  no , i 'm talking about the one whose entire campaign was built around the idea that america used to be great at an unspecified time in the past , but no longer is . 
  i 'm talking about the one who never praises america 's democratic values and moral leadership . 
  i 'm talking about the one who constantly complains that the us is getting ripped off because we 're stupid and everyone else is taking advantage of us . 
  this would make sense if the us was n't a big supporter of greater european cooperation in pretty much every policy area . 
  the only big and consistent fear in american foreign policy toward the eu has been that the eu begins to duplicate nato 's function and reduces the leverage we have over europe . 
  republican and democratic presidents since eisenhower have all had a remarkably similar position on the eu . 
  trump is the one who is bucking tradition , and the republican party is going along with it because they have collectively decided their party does n't have any moral convictions that ca n't be tossed aside in order to win elections . 
  i think vladimir putin has the strongest claim on most powerful person in the world . 
  the united states may be more powerful than russia , but the american presidency is more hamstrung by our system of government than the russian presidency . 
  trump never says anything positive about america though . 
  this is almost exactly my understanding of the current republican party . 
  then you should read more about political philosophy . 
  internationalism is a core characteristic of left wing ideologies in the same way that nationalism is for right wing ideologies . 
  it 's one of the main distinctions between the left and the right . 
  ideologically , socialists and communists are still internationalists . 
  this is not true at all . 
  just like in europe , the left tends to be more pro-european and internationalist , and the right more eurosceptic and nationalist . 
  the democrats are not isolationists , but are n't intent on using hard power at every chance possible like the republicans are . 
  american foreign policy from eisenhower to obama enjoyed broad consensus . 
  sure , there have been some slight differences over things like the importance of soft power versus hard power , or the vietnam and iraq wars , but for the most part , the democrats and the republicans agreed that nato and the eu are worth supporting , that our pivot toward china was necessary , that russia is an enemy at worst and a rival at best , and that maintaining the global order by strengthening and/or widening international institutions is necessary . 
  donald trump and the modern republican party represent the real change here . 
  he is not committed to nato or the eu , supported brexit , and is dangerously close to effectively acting in russia 's interests at the expense of the entire west 's . 
  it 's refreshing to hear this from a powerful american ally . 
  our president is a threat to the stability of the transatlantic relationship , and i 'm glad that merkel is standing up to us , in a sense . 
  too many people , particularly in the republican party , take our alliances and friendships for granted . 
  they also do n't seem to understand how large the ideological rift between their party and the vast majority of our allies really is . 
  greater germany, 
  this is n't even good trolling . 
  i think this is something that the left-wing is waking up to in both the uk and the us . 
  they drifted away from social democracy and toward neoliberalism in the 1990s and 2000s in order to remain competitive . 
  doing this has allowed the right-wing to shift farther to the right , dragging the center along with them and bringing the far-right , once fringe , into the mainstream . 
  i think there are enough people , who at their very core are not ideologues , that will vote for the opposition party whenever shit hits the fan , regardless of how far to the left or right they actually are . 
  i think labour and the democrats could embrace social democracy more wholeheartedly and shift the overton window back toward the center of 30 years ago simply by waiting for the conservatives or republicans to fuck up . 
  i initially read that as ernie erdogan . 
  nationalist populism is a scourge that has infected the us , uk , and australia ( to a lesser extent ) . 
  while still present in continental europe , it is comparatively muted . 
  thatcher is dead and now the reverse seems to be true . 
  he 's doing a pretty shit job in general . 
  where was merkel 's husband ? 
  is that why turkey was denied associate membership in the eec in 1959 , denied official candidate status in 1989 , and has had the longest official candidacy of any prospective member ? 
  no , you just wanted to get mad about muslims . 
  because younger people are more aware of what they do n't know regarding technology . 
  an older person sees their grandchild editing photos on their tablet and thinks they 're tech savvy . 
  a younger person sees someone programming and thinks they 're tech savvy . 
  i agree . 
  the advent of cyberwarfare only increases the necessity for younger politicians . 
  the seriousness of russian manipulation of public opinion seems to be lost on a lot of older folk , for example . 
  we literally just had a young , charismatic , and photogenic president for eight years . 
  maybe you should work on not spying on each other first . 
  maybe set up collective eu intelligence agencies and dissolve national ones ? 
  and so has trump , and so will the next president , and the one after that .
