  france easily has the most influence in directing the eu 's policy on africa . 
  ** article text : ** consider how far donald trump is estranged from fact . 
  he inhabits a fantastical realm where barack obama 's birth certificate was faked , the president founded islamic state ( is ) , the clintons are killers and the father of a rival was with lee harvey oswald before he shot john f. kennedy . 
  mr trump is the leading exponent of `` post-truth '' politics -- a reliance on assertions that `` feel true '' but have no basis in fact . 
  his brazenness is not punished , but taken as evidence of his willingness to stand up to elite power . 
  and he is not alone . 
  members of poland 's government assert that a previous president , who died in a plane crash , was assassinated by russia . 
  turkish politicians claim the perpetrators of the recent bungled coup were acting on orders issued by the cia . 
  the successful campaign for britain to leave the european union warned of the hordes of immigrants that would result from turkey 's imminent accession to the union . 
  if , like this newspaper , you believe that politics should be based on evidence , this is worrying . 
  strong democracies can draw on inbuilt defences against post-truth . 
  authoritarian countries are more vulnerable . 
  lord of the lies that politicians sometimes peddle lies is not news : think of ronald reagan 's fib that his administration had not traded weapons with iran in order to secure the release of hostages and to fund the efforts of rebels in nicaragua . 
  dictators and democrats seeking to deflect blame for their own incompetence have always manipulated the truth ; sore losers have always accused the other lot of lying . 
  but post-truth politics is more than just an invention of whingeing elites who have been outflanked . 
  the term picks out the heart of what is new : that truth is not falsified , or contested , but of secondary importance . 
  once , the purpose of political lying was to create a false view of the world . 
  the lies of men like mr trump do not work like that . 
  they are not intended to convince the elites , whom their target voters neither trust nor like , but to reinforce prejudices . 
  feelings , not facts , are what matter in this sort of campaigning . 
  their opponents ' disbelief validates the us-versus-them mindset that outsider candidates thrive on . 
  and if your opponents focus on trying to show your facts are wrong , they have to fight on the ground you have chosen . 
  the more remain campaigners attacked the leave campaign 's exaggerated claim that eu membership cost britain # 350m ( $ 468m ) a week , the longer they kept the magnitude of those costs in the spotlight . 
  post-truth politics has many parents . 
  some are noble . 
  the questioning of institutions and received wisdom is a democratic virtue . 
  a sceptical lack of deference towards leaders is the first step to reform . 
  the collapse of communism was hastened because brave people were prepared to challenge the official propaganda . 
  but corrosive forces are also at play . 
  one is anger . 
  many voters feel let down and left behind , while the elites who are in charge have thrived . 
  they are scornful of the self-serving technocrats who said that the euro would improve their lives and that saddam hussein had weapons of mass destruction . 
  popular trust in expert opinion and established institutions has tumbled across western democracies . 
  post-truth has also been abetted by the evolution of the media ( see briefing ) . 
  the fragmentation of news sources has created an atomised world in which lies , rumour and gossip spread with alarming speed . 
  lies that are widely shared online within a network , whose members trust each other more than they trust any mainstream-media source , can quickly take on the appearance of truth . 
  presented with evidence that contradicts a belief that is dearly held , people have a tendency to ditch the facts first . 
  well-intentioned journalistic practices bear blame too . 
  the pursuit of `` fairness '' in reporting often creates phoney balance at the expense of truth . 
  nasa scientist says mars is probably uninhabited ; professor snooks says it is teeming with aliens . 
  it 's really a matter of opinion . 
  when politics is like pro-wrestling , society pays the cost . 
  mr trump 's insistence that mr obama founded is precludes a serious debate over how to deal with violent extremists . 
  policy is complicated , yet post-truth politics damns complexity as the sleight of hand experts use to bamboozle everyone else . 
  hence hillary clinton 's proposals on paid parental leave go unexamined ( see article ) and the case for trade liberalisation is drowned out by `` common sense '' demands for protection . 
  it is tempting to think that , when policies sold on dodgy prospectuses start to fail , lied-to supporters might see the error of their ways . 
  the worst part of post-truth politics , though , is that this self-correction can not be relied on . 
  when lies make the political system dysfunctional , its poor results can feed the alienation and lack of trust in institutions that make the post-truth play possible in the first place . 
  pro-truthers stand and be counted to counter this , mainstream politicians need to find a language of rebuttal ( being called `` pro-truth '' might be a start ) . 
  humility and the acknowledgment of past hubris would help . 
  the truth has powerful forces on its side . 
  any politician who makes contradictory promises to different audiences will soon be exposed on facebook or youtube . 
  if an official lies about attending a particular meeting or seeking a campaign donation , a trail of e-mails may catch him out . 
  democracies have institutions to help , too . 
  independent legal systems have mechanisms to establish truth ( indeed , melania trump has turned to the law to seek redress for lies about her past ) . 
  so , in their way , do the independent bodies created to inform policy -- especially those that draw on science . 
  if mr trump loses in november , post-truth will seem less menacing , though he has been too successful for it to go away . 
  the deeper worry is for countries like russia and turkey , where autocrats use the techniques of post-truth to silence opponents . 
  cast adrift on an ocean of lies , the people there will have nothing to cling to . 
  for them the novelty of post-truth may lead back to old-fashioned oppression . 
  while this article is not strictly about europe , it is about the recent changes in western democracies ' political culture , which are perhaps most evident in the united states , united kingdom , and france . 
  the brexit referendum is one of the tangible results of this changing political culture . 
  as the article mentions , if trump wins the presidential election in november , this will be an imminent threat rather than an emerging one . 
  assad is responsible for more deaths than any of the other factions . 
  there is no good solution to the syrian civil war , which is why it 's still ongoing . 
   `` can the usa be trusted to protect european interests '' this is interesting . 
  while the us and eu share a overwhelming majority of interests , there is a slight divergence , particularly on things like russia/ukraine , and the middle east . 
  i think it 's fair to say that the us can be trusted to protect europe , but not necessarily european interests . 
  europe is far and away our most important ally . 
  it 's big , rich , powerful , and because its made up of a number of nations it gives many of our actions a greater sense of international legitimacy . 
  there is also a great deal of cultural overlap that is exceeded only with countries like canada and australia . 
  since wwii , the us has viewed any existential threat to our european allies as an eventual existential threat to the us , whether it was nazi germany or soviet russia . 
  since then , we 've operated under the notion that it 's better to fight overseas before your enemy arrives at your doorstep . 
  a think a european armed forces would still very much be an ally of the united states , and certainly far more capable of defending itself and pursuing its national interests than 28 separate armed forces , but it would almost assuredly still be the junior partner in the alliance . 
  combined , we 're just too closely related economically , politically , and culturally to ever not be allies . 
   in intra-eu matters , `` hard power '' does n't really matter . 
  not today . 
  that 's not true . 
  despite the eu 's limited foreign policy dimension , france and the uk have outsized influence in it because of their hard power . 
  there is generally a degree of deference by smaller or less capable member states . 
  eu foreign policy reflects british and french national interests more closely than any of the other member states . 
  the original source is the associated press . 
  either you 're a troll or just another person who does n't know the difference between a single market and a free trade area . 
  a single market is n't possible without common laws and regulations , and common laws would have to be made by a common political entity . 
  furthermore , the us has absolutely nothing to gain from joining a supranational organization . 
  all it would do is act as a restraint on our power . 
  i 'll defer to the judgment of a swiss person , given that i 'm not that knowledgeable about the swiss-eu relationship , but i have read that switzerland 's financial sector has become increasingly aligned with european regulations due to eu pressure in recent years , particularly since the financial crisis . 
  the gop knows they need hispanic voters going forward , but their peak share of the hispanic vote was 40 % in ' 04 . 
  it has trended downward since . 
  mccain got 31 % in '08 and romney got 27 % in ' 12 . 
  the problem is that the gop 's base hates illegal immigration and social programs that benefit hispanics with such passion that it makes uniting them with a sizable hispanic bloc nearly impossible . 
   but yeah , if you look at the raw age demographics then , presuming that younger people still tend to be pro-eu , it seems fairly inevitable that opinion will swing the other way in a decade or two . 
  though , oddly enough , once you get to people who lived through the war you get eu support again yea . 
  it 's not surprising that the baby boomers are the least supportive of the eu . 
  the greatest generation saw the necessity for cooperation among european states , and gen x and millennials grew up with things like erasmus and the internet , which has made interacting with other europeans a daily routine . 
  yea . 
  i 'm relieved that the demographics of my own country are giving trump a hard enough time . 
  i ca n't imagine what it would be like if the us was 87 % white like britain . 
  we 'd have trump after trump after trump . 
  yes , that 's a fair assessment .
