  considering she was child when she came to the uk , she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and arrogant . 
  considering she was child when she came to the uk , she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and arrogant . 
  considering she was child when she came to the uk , she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and arrogant . 
  considering she was child when she came to the uk , she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and snobbish , considering she was child when she came to the uk , meaning she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and snobbish , considering she was child when she came to the uk , meaning she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and snobbish , considering she was child when she came to the uk , meaning she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  the world has seen far more brutal and totalitarian regimes than north korea crumble . 
  north koreans have the government they deserve , but before you call me na\u00efve or hypocritical or whatever , let me just say that i would n't be the first to rebel against that state . 
  i would be complicit in maintaining a terrible government as well , which is exactly what i would deserve for my inaction . 
  i do n't hold my own country to a different standard . 
  every nation gets the government it deserves . 
  i did a master 's program in london . 
  there was a girl in my program who was born in romania to romanian patents . 
  they moved to the uk when she was 8 . 
  she and i had an argument about immigration once . 
  it ended when she said the country was full and should be closed to the rest of the eu . 
  how this person was okay with bringing up the ladder behind them was ridiculous . 
  i never liked her after that . 
  about half of the population is going to be unhappy with the result of the referendum regardless of how it goes . 
  the shitshow is only going to get worse . 
  if remain wins , the leavers will claim voter fraud , shady financial pressure etc. 
  if the leavers win , the remain camp will tell at the leavers for being retards . 
  i fall into the second group . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  i 've been disappointed with every bf game since bf3 . 
  once ea removed france from history , no one could remember how to spell their language . 
  maybe if the economy gets so bad , all the english will leave for australia and scotland can take over the entire island . 
  this is legitimately retarded . 
  what the fuck has happened to the political left in the west ? 
  i consider myself a social democrat , but i really ca n't get behind all the safe space , trigger-warning bullshit . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  the uk was one of the main proponents for the single market in the first place . 
  most people conflate the single market with a free trade area . 
  sweden jokes - pick one : ** sweden 's state religion is political correctness . 
  [ \u2713 ] ** sweden 's state religion is islam . 
  sounds like you 'd prefer an `` a la carte '' option then , which would n't be fair to the other members who commit themselves more fully to the euroopean project . 
  if every member state took only the parts of the eu that they liked , there would n't be much of a union at all . 
  this is a beautiful shot . 
  this guy is one of the worst political cartoonists i 've ever seen . 
  the issue was big enough to warrant a referendum in 1975 , long before the vast majority of the eu 's political aspects matured . 
  britain has always been an uncomfortable member of the organization . 
  the overwhelming majority of a free trade agreement 's purpose is to reduce tariffs between two trading entities , pointing out the few non-tariff barriers to trade that were also eliminated is nitpicking . 
  the more that a free trade agreement tackles non-tariff barriers to trade , the less it is an fta and more it is a common market . 
  an fta is a prerequisite to a common market , so it is perfectly natural to assume that any tinkering with an fta is going to include some provisions that go a bit father than the textbook definition of an fta . 
  free movement of people , labor , capital , and services are some of the biggest non-tariff barriers to trade that can be eliminated through legislation . 
  this free movement does not exist between canada and the eu . 
  as a further example , canada and the eu still have different standards for a huge variety of products and services . 
  euroscepticism has been on the rise across the continent for the better part of the last decade . 
  this is well documented . 
  it is also well documented that the uk is far and away the most historically and consistently eurosceptic member state in the eu . 
  keep in mind that the upcoming referendum is their second . 
  the issue was not put to rest the first time and by all indications will not be again . 
  you are severely overestimating the potency of these free trade deals . 
  the eu can legislate in real time , allowing it to respond quickly to unforeseen shocks in the economy . 
  a free trade area can not do this because there is no legislative centralization . 
  conflicting law and restriction of movement are two of the biggest impediments to economic activity that exist . 
  tpp and ttip will not produce a common body of law governing the economies of the signatories . 
  there may be some common regulations that affect certain industries , but they will be small in scope and reach . 
  the vast majority of their effect will be to eliminate tariffs in various industries . 
  the bulk of the negotiations are over which industries each country wants to protect and how . 
  a free trade deal that goes beyond this and begins to reduce significant non-tariff barriers to trade is , by definition , no longer a free trade deal , but closer to a single market . 
  euroscepticism as a phenomenon has been studied for decades . 
  while it is true that it has risen across the continent in recent years , it is also true that britain has historically and consistently been the most eurosceptic member state . 
  it is also true that there is a widespread consensus among the major center-left and center-right wing parties across the continent that the eu is something worth keeping . 
  even during the depths of the greek crisis , the population was not overwhelmingly in favor of leaving the euro or the eu as a whole . 
  syriza , a left-wing populist party , was often characterized as an anti-eu party , when that was not the case . 
  it was opposed too the terms of the bailouts , not the eu nor the euro itself . 
  this was the party that the greek voters put in power to replace the center-left and center-right parties . 
  eurosceptics on the continent , while more significant than it has ever been , is still a very small minority . 
  the british , in particular , often do n't understand just how strong the pro-eu consensus is outside of britain . 
  britain has been in the eu for 43 years . 
  if people still do n't know what it is , there 's no hope . 
  the biggest problem is that the eu has been used as a punching bag by national politicians in every state for every bad thing that ever happens . 
  it gets all the blame and none of the credit . 
  populaces are thus easily swayed against it . 
  it seems like appreciation for the eu correlates positively with how much you know about it . 
  the member states disagree on a lot of things . 
  only britain seems to disagree on whether the eu should even exist . 
  you know , except for all of murdoch 's shit , which includes the most widely circulated papers in the country . 
  i would n't place the blame on the remain camp . 
  the single market is by far the single biggest component of the eu . 
  if people do n't know is what it is , it means they fundamentally do n't know what the eu is . 
  and they 're voting on it . 
  absolutely insane . 
  because not knowing who represents you is indicative of an ignorance of politics . 
  yet those very people will have an incredibly strong opinion about the eu . 
  the whole referendum illustrates why direct democracy is an idiotic concept . 
  the public simply can not make informed decisions on specific policy . 
  this is why representative democracy is superior . 
  i downvoted you because you were quite clearly trying to get a rise out of someone by implying that americans are jingoists , when the context of the discussion has to do with upholding international law , rather than hating johnny foreigner . 
  you can try to claim a moral high ground on internet commenting etiquette , but we both know you 'd be wrong to do so . 
  this is the least surprising thing i have heard about brexit . 
  the amount of ignorance and misinformation about the eu , not just in britain , is incredible . 
   what proportion know the name of their mp ? 
  their local councillor ? 
  their local mayor .
