  perhaps a ftt is n't the best way to do that , but i have n't really heard of many other suggestions . 
  at the same time , i think the eu budget needs to grow . 
  this is necessary in order to continue providing funding for regions of the eu below 75 % of the eu 's gdp per capita , administration , etc. 
  we all know the eu 's role in europe 's economy and politics is expanding . 
  like it or not , a larger budget will come with that . 
  ideally , the eu will begin to do more things that do not need to be done at the member state level , thus freeing up money to go to the eu that otherwise would have gone to national budgets . 
  indeed , in the years since the last budget was improved , the eu has become significantly more relevant in the european and global economy and political arena . 
  i ca n't speak for anyone else other than myself on the issue of britain . 
  i love the uk , and the reason why i am often outspoken and critical of its policies are because they have historically slowed integration and made issues out of nothing ( for example : the current government fought the commission over a statement made in the un saying `` it is the policy of the eu ... '' because they preferred it to say `` it is the policy of the eu and its member states ... '' britain continues to think of it as an island in the middle of the atlantic , not quite european , not quite north american . 
  though this is true to an extent , it is not to the degree that many brits like to believe . 
  the uk 's relationship with the us is not one of parity , and it has n't been since the suez crisis . 
  the us does not view the uk as an equal partner , but as a little , reliable , and close friend . 
  the uk does not have the capacity to help the us achieve its policy goals in asia , as it is n't a pacific power . 
  thus , the special relationship will only become less significant in this century . 
  the point of this diatribe is that i 'm disappointed that many brits have not yet come to terms with the fact that the eu is its future . 
  sure , countries are going to lose sovereignty to brussels , but that is really the crux of the euroskeptic argument . 
  i understand it is a principle of self-determination , and i would respect a british decision to leave the eu , but i would not agree with it . 
  europe is not complete without the uk , and the uk is not complete without europe . 
  europeans have stopped killing each other , but they have not stopped fighting each other . 
  some fight harder than others , and sometimes those fighting are doing so contrary to their own rational interest . 
  i think i should clarify my line of thinking . 
  the reason i said politics and space policy do n't mix well is because they are subject to changes too often , when space projects take decades to achieve . 
  constantly changing policy means that nothing of substance will ever get done . 
  i have no objection to the government establishing space policy to begin with . 
  i just wish that they 'd ** stick ** with that policy . 
  private spaceflight is subject to the same problems . 
  if the us decided to decrease its subsidies to private space companies , then they too would have to scale back and change their policy . 
  maybe instead of making a heavy lift rocket , they have to make a smaller rocket . 
  i absolutely agree that private spaceflight should exist alongside a public space program . 
  the key word here is alongside . 
  in the past few years , there has been a shift in priority back and forth from public to private , and then private to public again . 
  these things should not be done to the exclusion of the other . 
  elon musk is an asshole . 
  he accused neil armstrong of being mentally manipulated by other forces when he testified before congress to keep nasa 's constellation program . 
  he 's just another one of your businessmen looking to make a profit by any means necessary . 
  private spaceflight is being massively subsidized , so it 's not like he 's an amazing businessman . 
  he used his wealth that he had already accumulated to buy up ex-nasa engineers and whatnot , giving him an edge over the competition . 
  reddit seems to love him though , just because he 's the face of private spaceflight . 
  the problem i have with the american space program is that its focus is constantly being shifted . 
  it has n't had a goal since 1969 . 
  constellation gave a return to the moon as a goal ( and mars as a long term goal ) . 
  obama scrapped that because it was over-budget and not visible ( it was safe to cut ) . 
  people were complaining that it was siphoning money from interplanetary exploration . 
  now we 've shifted money from things like rovers and probes to focus on subsidizing private companies to do what we 've been doing fine since 1958 , as well as restarting a public manned project ( why not just keep constellation , but scale it back ? ) . 
  politics and space policy do not mix well . 
  i smell a start-up company !, 
  this is actually about to be worked on . 
  source : http://www.europolitics.info/external-policies/eu-us-fta-talks-to-start-in-spring-2013-art344179-46.html, 
  absolutely . 
  here 's the article : http://www.economist.com/node/21524874, 
  i understand that , which is why i support efforts to change public opinion , as does everyone else for whatever reason . 
  i guess i should also state that i would support a north american union modeled on the eu as well , since i was essentially asked that . 
  i seem to recall an article in the economist identifying most current european leaders as reactionary , which certainly does n't help with solving all these problems . 
  [ old freebie !, 
  ] ( http://pool.theinfosphere.org/images/thumb/1/17/earth_flag.svg/720px-earth_flag.svg.png ), 
  i think the idea of humanity being split into 200 + sovereign states is ridiculous . 
  we are currently less than the sum of our parts . 
  i understand that a world government is incredibly idealistic , but i see no reason why it could n't happen at some point in time . 
  if the eu can become a sovereign state , then there 's no reason why other regional organizations ca n't as well . 
  you 'll notice that the eu is n't the only political and economic organization in the world . 
  there is the african union , the arab league , asean , unasar etc. 
  more countries are integrating because the eu has provided them with a successful template that has led to peace and prosperity . 
  do n't forget that the eu is not just a trade bloc . 
  it is also a political organization with the goal of getting europe to work together . 
  whatever the people want is what i would respect . 
  i think the eu and uk are stronger with the uk as a member state , but if the people want out , then out of the principle of self-determination i would respect that . 
  i would fight tooth and nail to keep them in though . 
  i was n't talking about ukip . 
  i was talking about euroskeptics in general . 
  this is evident given that ukip polls at around 8 to 10 % , yet here we are discussing a poll suggesting 56 % of brits would vote to leave the eu . 
  there are people who advocate the norwegian model . 
  if it seemed that i was implying that all euroskeptics would prefer this , then i apologize for not being clearer . 
  the undemocratic aspects i was talking about refer to the hypothetical scenario where britain would opt for the norwegian model . 
  in this situation , democratic reform is irrelevant because britain would n't be allowed to vote on these things anyway . 
  you 're right . 
  the economic and political models that existed in europe for the thousands of years prior to the second half of the twentieth century worked so well . 
  greater access to an economic union that seeks to facilitate business and trade within itself . 
  being told to apply european laws to your country , while not having any say in it is `` hardly undemocratic ? '', 
  the crux of the euroskeptic argument is that integration leads to a loss of sovereignty . 
  a britain emulating the norwegian relationship with the eu would still cede more sovereignty to brussels , exacerbated by the fact that the germans , french etc would be legislating for britain . 
  it is inherently undemocratic . 
  we 're exporting probes and rovers to the rest of the solar system . 
  what i love about the euroskeptics is their criticism of the eu 's undemocratic aspects , while at the same time they say they would be okay with a relationship like norway 's , which is arguably even more undemocratic . 
  when a referendum is held , most political and business leaders will have to side with the campaign to stay in the eu . 
  the eu provides too many benefits that people have taken for granted because they 've lived with them forever and do n't realize they will be gone if britain leaves the eu . 
  britain 's future is in the eu . 
  it 's time for the three major parties to reach that consensus so this debate can be put behind us for good . 
  100 years ago , even 50 years ago , that percentage would have been unheard of . 
  the point i was trying to make is that there is a gradual shift in thinking toward greater unity . 
  we all have different reasons :p, 
  i do want a federal europe . 
  that 's because i 'm not a nationalist . 
  i understand that many brits want a referendum to be held . 
  i agree wholeheartedly that one should be held , so that the issue is put to rest for some time . 
   none of us voted to be in the eu well not quite . 
  [ there was the referendum on eec membership in 1975 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1975 ) , but i do understand that the eu has changed considerably since then , thus warranting a referendum . 
  last point : a majority of brits , when polled , wish to stay in the eu . 
  i recall reading somewhere that close to 20 or 25 % of the eu 's population supports a federal europe . 
  the fact that you reacted so strongly to his opinion is not so different from the debates 70 years ago , when people were calling for a common coal and steel industry . 
  there are a few certain undeniable facts about present day europe that have a very strong causal relationship with the eu .
