  france and germany have always been the twin-engine that drives integration . 
  the eu has been more unstable in recent years largely because france and germany are no longer economic equals . 
  since the uk joined , the three have played off each other to varying success . 
  without the uk , there is less appetite for enlargement and more willingness for deeper integration , which is exactly what french eu policy has been for decades . 
   a majority of eu countries do n't share a similar vision to france for the eu . 
  there are 28 different visions for the eu . 
  in all likelihood , it will only make the eu stronger and france more powerful within the eu as a result . 
  hi , unfortunately for you , europe 's entire defense plan rests on american involvement . 
  the reu 's economy is also like 7x larger than the uk 's . 
  you 're about as important to the world as california . 
  are you serious ? 
  muslims ? 
  i guess i should point out that in this context , advanced is synonymous with promoted , not `` cutting-edge . '', 
  i think you replied to the wrong person . 
   if he did n't earn your respect , then you show him by not voting for him . 
  dissent does n't start and end at the ballot box . 
   also lol at `` advanced bigotry . '', 
  you mean like when hillary called half the country irredeemable ? 
  this does n't excuse trump 's comments . 
  i 'm more than capable of disagreeing with both of them on certain things . 
  just because i do n't like trump does n't mean i like hillary . 
   dissent  noun  1 . the expression or holding of opinions at variance with those previously , commonly , or officially held . 
  lol, 
  the man continues to espouse authoritarian ideals , advanced bigotry , displayed a complete lack of knowledge on a huge number of issues , and is a climate change denier and anti-vaxxer . 
  i 'm not okay with any of this and am not going to sweep it under the rug and pretend like it does n't exist . 
  he had a year and a half of campaigning to earn my respect and failed to do so every step of the way . 
  dissent is part of democracy . 
  i do n't owe him anything . 
  demagoguery , appeasing russia , opposition to free trade , weakening of nato and the eu , climate change denial etc. 
  yes , the eu is the only factor at play here . 
  i feel like merkel is probably the only elected official who can stand up to trump at his level . 
  i hope she does . 
   democrats won more votes at the presidential , house , and senate levels . 
  republicans will control all three branches . 
  the dems did not win the house vote . 
  the senate vote is misleading because of california 's new jungle primary system , where both senate candidates were democrats . 
  the dems did win the presidential popular vote . 
   i also am fundamentally against trade deals that involve countries that are poorer than your own i hate to break this to you , but there are only like a half dozen countries richer than us . 
  blegh, 
  i 'm aware . 
  russia is still individually more powerful than any single eu state . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  if i recall correctly , the interim malian government requested french military assistance directly , in which case explicit un authorization is n't required . 
  this makes it unlike iraq in 2003 which did not ask for the us to invade them . 
  perhaps it was n't the best example , but it still underscores the french adherence to international norms . 
  absolutely . 
  the us did the same until the end of wwii . 
  ever since we 've maintained a large peacetime armed forces . 
  conventionally , yes . 
  the only real edge france and the uk have over russia is naval power . 
  this does n't really matter , however , given that russia is and always has been a land power . 
  it does n't need a powerful navy to protect its interests , because the vast majority of its interests are physically close to russia . 
  hahaha yea, 
  firstly , i never suggested that the uk and france are the us 's , eu 's , or un 's lapdogs that only do what their master tells them . 
  i said their ties to the us and eu * constrain * their ability act . 
  the uk and france generally do n't get drawn into significant conflicts without tacit or direct us approval . 
  secondly , france and britain are overly reliant on american military power to wage even limited conflicts . 
  thirdly , the uk and france are further constrained by international norms that countries like russia and china do n't always follow . 
  france , in particular , goes to great lengths to get international approval of its military ventures . 
  the intervention in mali , for example , was approved by the un security council and supported by the eu and the us . 
  the us has flagrantly ignored international norms ( e.g. 
  the 2003 invasion of iraq ) . 
  britain went along with the us , but would not have invaded iraq without the us ( not that it even could have ) . 
  my entire point is that france and the uk play by different rules than russia and china that artificially constrain their freedom to act , and are also further constrained by reliance on the us and by being part of the american sphere of influence . 
   this is by choice , and has been the case for decades . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the empire was dismantled to due financial pressure from the world wars , american political pressure and threats to tank the pound following the suez crisis , and internal political pressure from within the uk and the colonies themselves . 
  without the colonies , britain became just another western european nation overshadowed by the united states and the soviet union . 
  it realigned itself under the american sphere of influence , where it has remained ever since . 
  it 's former sphere of influence has been gobbled up by other countries , most notably the us . 
   britain obviously has scope to be a power like russia but never will be because the uk is part of the western sphere . 
  if they went full authoritarian , left nato and the eu and became an aggressive military power , then sure . 
  the problem is that this is so far removed from what the uk is it might as well be fantasy . 
  furthermore , it 's not like the us ( or the eu ) would allow britain to become that kind of country without serious political and economic repercussions . 
  european and american sanctions would destroy the british economy . 
  so long as the uk is part of the west , it will never be a pole of its own . 
  the us leads the west , like it or not . 
  the only possible way to change that is through a unified eu that can be considered the us 's equal . 
  no , but not all of great powers are such because of the same factors . 
  russia has a smaller economy than france and britain , but a far more powerful armed forces . 
  it 's also more capable of acting on its own accord , whereas france and britain are more constrained because of their ties to and/or reliance on the us and the eu . 
   my personal opinion in regards to this subject is that the english are misled by unique form of cultural synergy with the us , in which the omnipresence of the english language contributes greatly to an wildly inflated sense of self importance . 
  i also strongly believe this . 
  good comment . 
  without fail . 
  i do n't know why it 's surprising . 
  the root of british euroscepticism is nationalism , and the empire and nationalism go hand in hand . 
   do you honestly see that leading to decisive and effective military action ? 
  as opposed to the decisive and effective military action individual european states are capable of taking now ? 
  the american military-industrial complex does not really have an analogue in any other great power . 
  russia would be the closest , but its military modernization efforts did n't really begin in earnest until the late 2000s , after the russo-georgian war displayed their shortcomings . 
  additionally , it was n't until last year that they took their first military action outside of the former soviet union ( in syria ) . 
  european nationalism has generally been much more subdued than american nationalism since world war ii . 
  american nationalism is very much tied to american militarism , and is the fuel for the military-industrial complex . 
  we also , by nature of being a superpower , have more international interests than any other state ( the eu included ) , which must be defended . 
  every british eurosceptic i 've spoken to , both in person and online , has invariably referenced the empire in some nostalgic fashion . 
  britain does n't really have its own sphere of influence anymore . 
  it is n't its own pole in the international order like the british empire was . 
  most of its former sphere of influence was either completely lost ( e.g. 
  india ) , co-opted by the us during the cold war , or is currently being courted by china .
