  the parliament is the only institution with almost exclusively simple majority voting , but it can not even introduce legislation . 
  your entire premise is flawed , which is why i did n't bother reading your comment past its first sentence in the first place . 
  the need for consensus and qualified majority are among the chief reasons why the eu is slow to react to crises in the first place . 
  a more traditional system of democratic government would make it a more effective and powerful entity . 
  i edited my comment after rereading yours . 
   how is the eu going to function when it sidelines members in their entirety ? 
  why even ask this when that is n't what happened ? 
  you 're starting to strawman . 
  how is the eu supposed to function if every time a country objected over one thing , they win ? 
  spoilers : the minority does n't always get what it wants . 
  that 's a function of being in the minority . 
  you know what 's worse than losing 27 to 1 ? 
  winning 1 to 27 . 
  i know that feel . 
  usa on $ 52k . 
  that 's enough to live comfortably in most of the country , save for retirement , and afford reasonably good health insurance . 
  because he 's a programmer . 
  til russia has only had an aggressive foreign policy since 2014 . 
  maybe people would sympathize with russia 's insecurity if it did n't annex territory and war with its neighbors . 
  wikileaks has an obsession with leaking information that makes the us look bad , but rarely leaks anything specifically about other countries . 
  let me know when they start dropping similar info on the uk , germany , japan , russia , and china . 
  western ics have for the better part of the year now been confident that wikileaks has been used as a front by the russian ic . 
  just like all the remain campaign had to do was remind the british that half of their trade is with the eu . 
  it would be , but it would be better to remain purely for economic reasons . 
  that being said , if i was a scot , i 'd vote to leave . 
  sweden , norway , canada , and maybe germany are the only ones i 'd keep on that list . 
  but you seem to be okay with russian nationalists killing ukrainians ? 
  hell , they even shot down a commercial airliner with an mobile anti-air launcher that i 'm sure some guy built in his backyard . 
  the euromaiden protests were entirely peaceful until yanukovych started to crack down like a textbook authoritarian . 
  that 's also a weak justification for war . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're offended that many ukrainians do n't like your government . 
  is that your justification for war ? 
  plurality . 
  devolution has turned the uk into a proto-federal state . 
  it is n't a unitary state anymore . 
  the warsaw pact had conventional superiority over nato for most of the cold war on land . 
  nato only had superiority in the air and on the seas . 
  european armies were tasked with holding off the soviets until more american reinforcements arrived , because without the us , they were conventionally inferior to the east in every category . 
  regardless , if wwiii broke out , chances are both britain and the united states would have been destroyed . 
  we can safely say , however , that american presence in europe significantly contributed to deterring the soviet union . 
  comparing military budgets is still a poor way to gauge relative strength . 
  because russia 's arms industry is mostly domestic , they produce similar arms as the west at a lower absolute cost . 
  invade iraq - get blamed for being too aggressive . 
  do n't invade syria - get blamed for not doing enough . 
  engage in limited air war in libya - get blamed for not following through . 
  maintain diplomatic relations with religious despots in saudi arabia - bad . 
  do n't maintain diplomatic relations with religious despots in iran - bad . 
  support israel - bad . 
  do n't support israel - bad . 
  support palestine - bad . 
  do n't support palestine - bad . 
  support egyptian authoritarian - bad . 
  do n't support egyptian authoritarian - bad . 
  accept refugees - bad . 
  do n't accept refugees - bad . 
  ignore middle east - get blamed when terrorists and dictators kill people . 
  i opposed the iraq war , and understand the regional destabilization it caused , but i 'm not going to pretend that the united states is mostly responsible for the everything that 's wrong with the middle east . 
  it 's a perfect storm of intolerance and religious strife that has existed for more than a thousand years , colonialism , foreign intervention , etc. 
  there is no way to win in the middle east . 
  it is a complete fucking black hole . 
   no offence , but if you 're studying ir then i would expect more from you than this kind of simplistic statements . 
  it reads like a first year ir student . 
  he 'll learn with time . 
  the term * is * a political epithet , used to highlight a perceived hypocrisy among the left-wing elite . 
  it 's used almost exclusively in a derogatory fashion . 
  your post is an example because there was no reason to include it . 
  it adds nothing to the conversation . 
  you wrote it to be intentionally insulting . 
   so please do n't judge them for their vote , although that 's quite hard to ask , because you 've been secretly judging `` people like them '' all your lives . 
  this only adds to the deliberately insulting context of your post . 
  the hypocrisy of that statement alone is palpable . 
  it 's one thing to insult political opponents . 
  it 's another to insult your political opponents and then cry about it when they insult you too . 
   that 's good and all but how ? 
  learn new skill ? 
  sure they might be able to if they get some help while they are at it ( since they have families they ca n't just take a year or two off to retrain and let them starve ) . 
  in the aforementioned story about hillary saying that coal mining was a dying industry , it was n't mentioned that her next sentence was that she wanted to provide training to give those people more options in a changing economy . 
   since they have families they ca n't just take a year or two off to retrain and let them starve this is why those on the left support a robust safety net . 
  no one ever suggested throwing them out into the cold . 
   when highly educated young people are having trouble getting decent jobs you ca n't expect these people to do so . 
  it just does n't work like that . 
  which is why things like ubi and other large social programs are necessary . 
  some people are not capable of adapting to a changing world . 
  those who are should help them out . 
  supporting dying industries that damage the environment because someone does n't want to or is n't capable of learning new skills is not a solution . 
  it 's bad policy . 
   you will be called a xenephobic bigot for voting for the fn , for leave or for trump . 
  and then your next sentence  what comfortable well-off prosecco socialists who live in paris , london , d.c. will never realise is ; i stopped reading here because you 're doing the exact same thing you 're accusing your political opponents of . 
  that 's a weak justification for saying the us is not worth visiting . 
  manhattan , chicago , and san francisco all have dense and impressive skylines . 
  the first two have plenty of art deco architecture . 
  it 's less prevalent in sf because it 's a newer city , but some of its most famous structures are art deco ( e.g. 
  the golden gate bridge and coit tower ) . 
  stop it man . 
  hating america for its own sake is a phase that teenage edgelords are supposed to outgrow . 
  there are lots of things to love and hate about every country . 
  i 'll gladly trade leaders . 
   an attack on greece would be an attack on the nato and turkey would never be stupid enough to do that . 
  i do n't think nato members have seriously entertained a collective response to the prospect of war between nato members . 
  you 're assuming i would support the existence of the ec even if helped my guy .
