  praise kek , am i right ? 
  i 'm more than happy to criticize the us , but your alternatives are russia or china . 
  the eu has more than 500 million people and would have a collective military budget of ~ $ 225 billion . 
  the eu has all of the ingredients to be a superpower , but there are twenty-eight chefs instead of one . 
  how do you say `` get fucked '' in dutch ? 
  why the fuck is erdogan intent on antagonizing turkey 's rich and powerful western allies when that group of countries are your other allies ? 
  awesome . 
  this is how this kind of situation should be handled . 
  keep on keeping on , netherlands . 
  to be fair , this happens in every eu member state . 
  the larger degree to which it was done in the uk and its exacerbation by a largely right-wing media is what made the difference , in my opinion . 
   you do n't defeat nationalism by supporting nationalism the eu and its predecessors were organizations that was literally created to temper nationalism . 
  scotland wants to be part of the that and contribute toward deeper integration and cooperation . 
  it ca n't do that as part of the uk because the many of the english have a superiority complex and outnumber them 10 to 1 . 
  i understand how on the surface it seems hypocritical to oppose nationalism and support scottish independence , but i wish we were n't in this position to begin with . 
  i support the right to self-determination . 
  if the scottish people want to remain part of the uk , more power to them . 
  i did n't support brexit , but the british people did , so more power to them . 
  you 're free to read through years worth of my comment history to see that i 'm a social democrat who voted for obama , bernie , and hillary , vehemently support the eu and globalization , and know a thing or two about politics and international relations . 
   yeah but not on the question of puerto rican independence . 
  i would n't care if you had an opinion . 
   completely bizarre unless you 're a trumpista looking to weaken europe which seems to be all the rage with the far right lot lately . 
  i am categorically opposed to the populist nationalism creeping over the west . 
  scotland inside of the uk is a part of that . 
  scotland outside of the uk and in the eu is not . 
  as far as i 'm aware , i have no scottish ancestry . 
  i guess you do n't have an opinion on politics outside of your own country ? 
  i support scottish independence because i 'm not a hardcore nationalist . 
  scotland places a greater value on multilateralism , globalization , and regional integration than the rest of the uk does . 
  these are all values that i support and are embodied by the eu . 
  i 100 % support the european project , and am aware that it is fully possible to be both proud of your individual country and participate in the creation of a larger political and economic system . 
  brexit , trump , le pen , and other right and far-right nationalist heavy movements are increasingly antithetical to my world view , and are serious threats to them . 
  scottish independence would be a reaffirmation of the importance of globalization . 
  my reasoning is literally the exact opposite of braveheart 's overt nationalism . 
  it 's great that you covered your ass with your last sentence after beginning your comment with insults . 
  and if it were even relevant , i actually have english and irish ancestry , not scottish . 
   the tories actually made gains in scotland at the last general election . 
  no , they did n't . 
  in 2010 , they won 16.7 % of the vote and 1 seat . 
  in 2015 they won 14.9 % of the vote and 1 seat . 
  you 're probably thinking of the scottish parliament elections . 
   it 's been terrible for the average working person , stagnating wages rising property prices , less say over their own future . 
  have you been paying attention ? 
  the west has got massively rich yet the average wage has either stagnated or gone down in real terms . 
  globalisation has not been a great benefit for the average worker . 
  globalization is the reason why the average working person in the west can afford to buy cheap goods and why one dirt poor countries in asia are now middle or high income economies . 
  globalization has lifted hundreds of millions of chinese out of poverty . 
  just because industrial jobs are dwindling does n't mean globalization has been uniformly bad for the average worker . 
  that some industries have suffered job losses does n't mean globalization is bad , it means government policy and individual capacity to adapt to a new economy has been bad . 
  globalization is also a contributing factor to sustained peace and cooperation among nations . 
  i 'm not eager to go back to a time when most people were inherently mistrustful of a vague group of `` others . '', 
  same here . 
  i do n't disagree , but british euroscepticism was reaching a boiling point . 
  this was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  all that 's left now is for people to learn from this calamity . 
  sure does reinforce the idea that brexit really was fueled by english nationalism more than anything else . 
  it 's this kind of thinking that made scotland produce the likes of adam smith , robert burns , and david hume . 
  no , because some people genuinely believe in regional integration and globalization . 
  many nationalists argued that taking a hit to the economy would be worth making britain independent of the eu . 
  the other side of that coin are globalists who argue that taking a hit to the economy would be worth making scotland independent of the uk and part of the eu . 
  remember that many scottish feel that westminster does not represent their interests in the same way that many english feel that brussels does not represent their interests . 
  there are people who genuinely support the european project and would rather take a hit to the economy in order to be a part of something bigger than themselves . 
  it 's the same line of reasoning that leads nationalists who would rather take a hit to the economy than to be part of the eu . 
  let 's also not forget that a majority of the scottish people feel like westminster , the tories in particular , do not represent their interests . 
  this is exactly what the pro-brexit crowd complained about regarding british influence in brussels . 
  i was strongly opposed to brexit , and will never be sold on it no matter how well britain does outside of the eu , because i believe in regional cooperation and integration . 
  i am more of a globalist than a nationalist . 
  we already know the dangers of nationalism . 
  we already know the benefits of multilateralism and globalization . 
  i have zero interest in returning to a 19th century international paradigm . 
  if i were a scot , i would vote to leave the uk . 
  i 'm not though , so all i can, 
  that is a great reaction gif . 
  the us already has an fta with canada and australia , and ttip would have given us an fta with the uk . 
  getting visas from any country in the anglosphere to any other country in the anglosphere is already easy as shit . 
  do you want to create open borders among them ? 
  i 'd be cool with that , but it would be hypocritical for the right in america and the uk to support the idea . 
  jesus christ , no . 
  i do n't want the us to chain its political and economic decisions to a couple of countries that are exponentially smaller and less powerful . 
  they should feel free to apply for statehood , but the us joining a regional organization similar to the eu would only put a brake on our global power and influence . 
  we do n't need to be part of a regional organization to enhance our power since we 're already the top dog in the international system . 
  rip all of the uk 's opt-outs . 
  white is n't just used to describe a person 's actual complexion . 
  it 's primarily used to describe people of european descent . 
  similarly , many black africans have a lighter complexion than many south asians , but we only refer to the former as black . 
  ... what ? 
   australia was n't allowed to join asean because `` you 're not from around here . 
  you do n't think like us . 
  you do n't belong . '', 
  this is n't any different from the european communities rejecting morocco 's application to join in 1987 . 
   but to be fair , that was just the official reason when it 's probably really because we would have controlled about 40 % of the economy with only 3 % of the population yes , this is closer to the truth . 
  asean is also a relatively benign regional organization . 
  there is n't that much benefit to joining it , unlike the eu . 
  correct , it 's like how trump and bernie used ftas as a scapegoat for the loss of manufacturing jobs in the american midwest , instead of acknowledging that automation is the actual reason for its decline . 
  it 's easier to blame your economic misfortune on an fta instead of your limited or outdated skillset . 
  people do not want to hear hard truths . 
  no , i remember bush 43 . 
  you do n't seem to understand that the eu is already one of the most consensus heavy governments in the world . 
  it 's very rare that there are straight simple majority votes in the commission and european council . 
  further , the council of ministers operates primarily through qualified majority voting .
