  i have my biases , some things might not be 100 % true and my english is n't perfect so its ok if you downvote me . 
  as / u/mahaanus said , we would probably not exist as a nation today if the russian empire did n't attack the ottomans in 1877 . 
  sure the russian emperor and his top aides had other things in their mind when they declared war on the ottomans , but to the average georgi from bulgaria russia was seen more as `` the big brother who is coming to liberate us ! '', 
  than `` the empire which is trying to gain control over us '' . 
  now i 'm not gon na talk about how much the russian emperors really liked us cause after the death of alexander ii , his son ( alexander iii ) and his grandson ( nikolai ii ) were always kinda dicks toward us . 
  but that 's not important . 
  what 's important is that russia successfully won the hearts and minds of the people ( poetic lol ) and that 's why historically russia is always seen more favorably in bulgaria . 
  the second reason which / u/mahaanus missed is nostalgia for the socialist times 1944-1989 ( especially true for folks who are over 40 + yo ) . 
  now this is a very debated topic in bulgaria , so if i say that things were all nice n ' shit i 'd be lying to you and if i say that people were shot for fun on the streets by the bulgarian secret police i 'd be lying again . 
  lets just say that bulgaria did not have the experiences that happened in some other eastern european countries ( prague , hungary , poland , romania ) and bulgarians lived relatevely ok lives under our socialist dictatorship . 
  it was n't anything great but at least the people had food on their tables , jobs and security . 
  these are some things that make some older folks like the socialist times more and they give bonus points to russia . 
   70 % favourable to putin . 
  the reasons above + he is seen as `` the guy who restored russia from the 90s '' and his `` strongman '' attitude also helps a lot . 
  people here generally know about the whole `` oligarchy '' thing that is going on in russia but putin is seen as somebody who fights corruption not as somebody who is corruption . 
   37 % would favour autocracy with only 42 % favouring liberal democracy that probbly has to do with the socialist times when autocrat like zhivkov was able to do many things in short periods while for comparison what we see today under the democratic bulgaria is 7 prime ministers in 10 years who ca n't decide a single thing without making a huge scandal . 
  the last time we had a govt finish his full term ( 4 years ) was back in 2009 . 
   they are the true trojan horse in the eua maybe . 
  people change and their views change too . 
  in our case though i ca n't see a massive anti-russian wave ever happening in bulgaria . 
  at least not in the next 50 years . 
   unwilling to uphold article 5 of nato we have guys in afganistan , iraq and we participate regularly in all kinds of nato exercises . 
  i think we are doing our nato commitments . 
   the americans really ca n't just exit this climate accord . 
  yea i think they just did . 
  trump and his republican guys ` own ' everything so they can do whatever they want and all we can do is sit here and complain . 
  sucks to be american these days lol . 
  its pointless to talk about brexit on / r/europe . 
  pornstars bohemia and moravia ugly people according to some friends ( really strange cause '' pornstars '' ) czechoslovakia looked like a snake no idea why the two split good beer ( tho i like german more ) was part of austro-hungary got betrayed by the west in the 30s got fucked by the su for 40 years 1968 prague ( revolution ? 
  revolts ? ), 
  yea strange really . 
  one of my grandfathers was born when bulgaria was `` tsardom of bulgaria '' , lived his whole life in `` the people 's republic of bulgaria '' and now he lives in `` republic of bulgaria '' . 
  the dude basically lived in three different bulgarias . 
  my german grandfather is even wilder ( weimar , nazis , commies , unified germany ), 
   ausztria i like that, 
  i still do n't understand why people put the same fucking thing ( occupy ) when there 's a protest against something and ( - gate ) when there 's a government scandal . 
  seriously this shit is fucking annoying . 
  yea that 's kaliningrad and i think some topol rockets are placed there, 
  hmm i 'm surprised there are no russian nukes in crimea , belarus and the other russian allies ( armenia , kazakhstan etc ), 
  fun fact the ottomans never managed to take corfu ( the weird-looking little island near albania ) so it stayed venetian until the dissolution of the republic in 1797 . 
  corfu and the other ionian islands were finally given to greece as a british gift in the 1860s, 
  is that the belgian king on the left ? 
  from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  just imagine that shit for a second . 
  nice words . 
  on / r/europe you 're only allowed to follow the anti-russian circlejerk . 
  if you try to go against the herd you 'd be instantly called bot from olgino and be downvoted . 
  that 's probably one of the reasons why i stopped visiting threads with the word '' russia '' in them . 
  its just a dick-measuring contest on whos going to say more shit about russia . 
  glad we didnt win that pornography '' '' '' contest '' '' '', 
   ( china ) \\  taiwan china \\  hong kong china \\  macao china \\  people 's republic of china which one ? 
  or maybe all ? 
  also why is the country called ` china ' ? 
  well i 'm telling you what i 've heard from my grandfather . 
  i do n't have sources to deny or confirm it so . .  \\* his claims are bullshit . 
  ... or he probably meant russian graves . 
  anyway i 'm done talking about dead people , its 10 may 2017 not 10 may 1945 . 
  yes i was there on that set when the video was taken . 
  vladimir putin personally forced this orthodox guy to speak to the cameras . 
  he even threatened him with 20 years hard labor if he failed to make this pr video as authentic as possible . 
  oh and you know what ? 
  that 's not even an orthodox priest . 
  that 's leitanant ilya from the fsb . 
  but now seriously dude . 
  drink some water and leave the conspiracies for a second . 
  you sound like somebody from the_dolan . 
  e : the russian care for german war graves is not something that was started by putin . 
  my grandfather has pictures and stories from the 60s and 70s and back then the graves were in perfect condition ( according to him ) . 
  also the video says germany only paid for the church and the altar and i doubt they pay any money to russia for the maintenance . 
  ~ ~ the germans signed one in reims but the soviets feeling cheated demanded they sign another one in berlin ( symbolic really because there was one ussr general who signed the capitulation in reims ) ~ ~ e : ow ... you wrote exactly the same thing . 
  looks like i need some rest . 
  last days were kinda hard . 
  anyway happy whatever you celebrate . 
  france i think has one on 14 july, 
  congratulations to everybody who celebrates it today . 
  here 's a live feed for those interested - ~ ~ [ click ] ( https://www.1tv.ru/live ) ~ ~ ( mods if pervoi kanal is on the ` not allowed ' list please tell me and i 'll remove it . ), 
  e : the link was live from the red square but now its back to showing the russian channel one so [ here 's the parade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mgj7cdldds ), 
  russians and most of the former soviet republics celebrate it on 9 may because it was 9 may in moscow when the capitulation was signed . 
  i personally celebrate it on 9 may too . 
  g8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8, 
  maybe predicted was n't the right word but some folks here believed that he 'll go down once the sanctions start hurting russia . 
  and yea i agree with you completely . 
  something really bad ( and by really bad i mean `` 90s russia '' type of bad ) needs to happen in russia to remove putin from power . 
  its that or a coup ( highly unlikely cause he has the army in his pocket and the opposition is weak ), 
  here are some things to consider  le pen is breaking fn records in this election . 
  if macron turns into a hollande 2.0 and things continue to go bad she 'll have a real chance to become a president in 2022   wikileaks got their credibility hurt but everything they reported turned out to be true . 
  so they are n't reporting bullshit . 
  something that the western press really lacked in 2016 ( and even today )   trump is the president of the united states of america   farage made his dream reality - to see the uk leave the eu   / r/europe predicted the putins downfall back in 2014/5 with the sanctions but as we can see he is still the president of russia . 
  that was a nice shot, 
  well considering what the nazis had in mind for eastern europe ( including poland ) i 'd call that a ` liberation ' . 
  the soviets were no saints but i 'd rather pretend to believe in '' the glorious red army and comrade v.i.lenin '' than to be 2 meters under the ground . 
  dead . 
  iirc the french pres elections are every 5 years, 
  are you sure about that ? 
  finns would be a minority if the borders are changed like that today, 
  on the other hand i would n't mind taking all of dobrudja up to ukraine, 
  so russia with kaliningrad is technically in both cental and eastern europe ? 
  see?there is no global warming / s, 
  tarator is usually my favorite afternoon breakfast, 
  itt : witch hunting and people who think '' 4chan = russia '' e : the paranoia is now complete on / r/europe .
