  [ \\  tfw nobody remembers 718 when khan tervel and his greek buddies stopped the muslims from conquering constantinople and breaking the ere ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lxswgjr.png ), 
  tbh that sounds like a great way to rehabilitate minor criminals . 
  check . 
  omg ... misread that as '' slav labour '' and i was like '' whats wrong with that ? '', 
  of course you are correct and i also agree with you that the us is still spying on everybody but my point was that since he was the president at that time people got angry at him . 
  and then he did some spying shit and people suddenly stopped liking him but then the two people who fought to be his successor turned out to be a little bit shitty so people in europe started liking him again . 
  even if kill putin right now and air 24/7 anti-russian propaganda on all tv channels for one year in crimea they would still vote to be part of russia . 
  [ here sir ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/09/50_usd_series_2004_note_front.jpg ), 
   bulgaria is more socially progressive country than netherlands nice meme, 
  i know about the region but for some reason all that time i was thinking it was named after a city and not after a river . 
  i guess i 've created a new name for the city of krasnodar . 
  idk really, 
  where is the king ? 
  obliviously i do n't know shit about the spanish parliament but surely he should have a chair placed somewhere, 
  in bulgaria too, 
  i 've thoughtn there 's a big city with the name '' kuban '' somewhere in southern russia between rostov on don and sochi , but there is actually nothing with that name . 
  only a river . 
  is that the guy who played a serial killer with some batshit crazy followers and a psycho drunk cop who was trying to catch him ? 
  iirc that serial name was something like '' the followers/the following '' idk, 
  cool shit but that phallus/bullet thing that is cut in the building is kinda bad looking . 
   i do n't agree with the shit the us does around the world and i live in eastern europe shit ... 
  anything new in that craiova group ? 
  google gives me info from 2015 ... 
  we are beating everybody ( even the fucking romanians ) and latvia just steals our fucking win . 
  man fuck latvia ... :(, 
  it took three bulgarians to press that save button . 
  thats how fast we dissapp, 
  make all euro flags look like a shit ussr flags ? 
  no thanks . 
  i highly doubt those numbers to represent bulgaria irl, 
  poland and lithuania ? 
  i mean the whole '' cavalry charge in september 1683 near vienna '' saved austria and hungary from disintegrating . 
  i 'd fuck the guy on the left and the athletic woman between the black guy and the blue dong . 
   and then it got worse \\ - russia, 
  reminds me how the soviet republics had their own flags with sickles , hammers and whatnot ( fuck i even think one had waves lol ) . 
  if the eu ever becomes a federation we should either we keep the current system ( eu flag and national flags ) or the nationals get '' demoted '' and the eu flag is the only flag . 
  ( impossible imo ) that national flag corruption is absolutely horrible . 
   losing hard austria nearly electing a right-winger le pen scoring historically high results wilders gaining 5 new seats and being second orban enjoying high ratings pis winning the polish elections and lets not even mention trump and brexit cause '' immigration '' was one of the the main reason why they won . 
  if that 's '' losing hard '' i 'd eat a fucking trabant . 
  we already recieve enough . 
  your '' human rights '' would mean nothing when populists like le pen win enough votes to be elected ... and looking at the current eu leaders that will happen eventually . 
  good weather tho, 
  we do n't have special '' where 's every fucking city in the fucking benelux '' geography classes in our schools + antwerp/antwerpen is close to the dutch border and has a dutch sounding name that 's why i 've always thought it was a dutch and not belgian city . 
  some cities did n't even change that much ( eg . 
  til antwerpen is in belgium, 
  instead of taking their power from their predecessor ( eg . 
  john paul ii   benedict ~ ~ xiii ~ ~ xvi   francis i ) they take it directly from st. peter . 
  so its like st. peter   francis i. weird shit i know . 
  e : guy was actually benedict xvi not xiii, 
   rumelia yea good but we have a historical bulgarian country with the name '' eastern rumelia '' existing from 1878 to 1886 . 
  knowing the macedonian authorities and their '' we are totally not stealing your history    '' mentality , they would claim '' eastern rumelia was part of rumelia '' and that would basically mean we would give them some fictional claims on the whole southern bulgaria . 
  everything mentioning '' macedonia '' would be instantly killed by the greeks . 
  gon na be downvoted for that but imo that 's ugly . 
  change the blue to red and suddenly the eu is full communist, 
  are you guys going to fight or just drink beer ? 
  like four comments above one of you is like '' come and tell me this in my face '' and the other is like `` i 'll come and i 'll bring my croatian friends with me '' and now you 're all like `` which beer pub is better ? '', 
  wtf ? 
   the u.s. department of defense claims do you really expect them to claim something else ? 
  i personally do n't . 
  still , i 'd rather be bombarded or shot at with '' normal '' bombs/shells than '' radioactive '' or '' particularly radioactive '' bombs/shells etc. 
   estonia  nordic nation \u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410\u0425\u0410 pick one, 
   900 years lol pleb, 
   du used in us munitions has 60 % of the radioactivity of natural uranium . 
  trace transuranics ( another indicator of the use of reprocessed material ) have been reported to be present in some us tank armor . 
  ...  the aerosol or spallation frangible powder produced by impact and combustion of depleted uranium munitions can potentially contaminate wide areas around the impact sites , leading to possible inhalation by human beings . 
  ...  the actual level of acute and chronic toxicity of du is also controversial . 
  several studies using cultured cells and laboratory rodents suggest the possibility of leukemogenic , genetic , reproductive , and neurological effects from chronic exposure . 
  a 2005 epidemiology review concluded : `` in aggregate the human epidemiological evidence is consistent with increased risk of birth defects in offspring of persons exposed to du . '', 
   a fully militarized china could easily take the russian far east . 
  you are heavily underestimating russia and their military forces . 
  their nukes alone would probably be enough to cut china 's population in half . 
  its better and i like the the two parts on the sides but that white-red '' thing '' in the middle is horrible imo . 
  also what 's wrong with the third floor `` hey you two will get a terrace but the guy above you will get nothing cause fuck him '' . 
  they even put a fucking door there lol . 
  absolutely horrible . 
  btw the second link is not working, 
  i 'd love to live in italy, 
   he was also very ill tempered , arrogant and narcissistic . 
  was n't there something about him proclaiming '' viva quebec '' which caused a scandal in both france and canada ? 
  i remember reading something about this and i think de gaulle was the guy who said it . 
  i see why the uk wants to leave the eu, 
   with none of the jeeps or tanks , planes or other supplies given by the us and uk moscow would have fallen . 
  yea and that 's bullshit too . 
  allied help in 1941 was close to non-existent . 
  even if those '' jeeps , tanks planes etc '' were able to arrive in 1941 ( the battle of moscow ) they would 've not been in enough quantity to do anything significant . 
  the truth ( which people around here do n't like ) is that the allied lend-lease helped the soviets with their offensives in 1943-1944 ( stalingrad , kursk , bagration etc ) and without it they would 've not been able to take eastern europe and half of central europe . 
  i want to think its just a poorly written `` open or we die '' ... buuut seeing how its just young males i doubt it, 
  small as fuck rich as fuck in their last war they took an italian '' friend '' back with them their monarch is maybe the last christian ruler to hold any significant power after the end of wwii they said ` no ' to the ussr when they asked some russian officers and soldiers to be sent back to moscow for trial, 
   some facts ommitted from bulgar books not true . 
  everything you mentioned above ( about the king betraying the people , serbian '' generosity '' , and the people and military leaving the army ) are all things mentioned in more than 3 textbooks ( 9-11 grade ) for our schools in bg . 
  and i 'm 100 % sure they are there because i remember reading them when i was studying for my matura test in history . 
   now , tell me , how did bulgarian soldiers act in serbia in ww i and ww ii ? 
  my guess is `` not great '' ? ... 
  i do n't know how do you expect bulgarians to give any special treatment to serbia after what happened in 1885 and 1913 . 
   and also bulgaria did want to be in yugoslavia . 
  stalin did n't allow you . 
  correction - `` the bulgarian communist party wanted bulgaria to be part of yugoslavia . '', 
  and yea stalin was against the idea . 
  he feared a big yugoslavian country would want to be independent so he broke the talks . 
   what the hell is wrong with bulgaria i see the negativism so i 'll try to explain some things .
