  in any case , yes there has been terrorist attacks , on the other hand there has been terrorist attack since decades it 's not really new ( from the hezbollah , the armed islamic group , the asala ... ) , and i 'm sure there will be terrorist attacks in the future as well . 
  note that what happened today is not really an attack , just a random madman like there is in any place on earth , but whatever my point stands even for large attacks . 
  what i mean is mostly that you do not have any reason to feel even the slightest fear in that regard , it is a completely insignificant risk . 
  you have far far more chance to die by falling in the stairs or in a random car accident . 
  thinking of paris as a dangerous place is mind-boggling . 
  it 's as irrational as somebody being suddenly afraid of flying because he saw a plain crash on the news , or refusing to visit new-york because he heard of 9/11 and of crazy americans shooting people . 
   a city which needs the 24/7 presence of armed guards to provide security sorry , i thought we were talking of paris . 
  more seriously , random madmen and criminals will be found in any city on earth . 
  bulgaria has a higher murder rate than france yet i assume he does n't feel threatened in his daily life , and there is indeed no reason to be since even in bulgaria it is a completely insignificant threat . 
  this has to be a joke . 
  true , and this will strongly play against le pen and in favor of whoever is her opponent in the second round . 
  however macron 's presence in the second round is still very uncertain , his lead is tiny and fragile . 
  apart from valls , i think all socialists will have no issue distancing themselves from hollande . 
  his politic wo n't be their 's . 
  i meant a higher murder rate in total , be it with guns or not . 
  they have a higher murder rate with guns and a higher murder rate in total ( guns and other means ) . 
  no , it 's homicide , not suicide . 
  alright , that 's a fair point , but the point still stands since the us has a far higher murder rate than europe . . 
  meh . . the us is also a place with a very high gun homicide rate , so i do n't feel like gun ownership made it safer . 
  for the record , they have a gun homicide per 100.000 people ratio of 3.43 , nearly four times higher than macedonia ( 0,91 ) which is the highest ratio in europe ( croatia is 0,40 ) . 
  yeah , it is certainly a very important language for diplomacy but i still would n't consider it a tie with english . 
  that 's a good question , it 's hard to determine an exact threshold , and probably not needed either . 
  i 'll be fair and still try my best to answer , so i 'd say a ballpark estimate of at least 20 times what i mentioned to justify more drastic and exceptional measures from the governments to fight it ( though it still would n't justify any panic from the population in my view ) , but this is very debatable so please do n't give it more value than it deserves . 
  if there is one attack in europe every month , with around 10 casualties each ( roughly the toll for the berlin attack ) , that 's 120 casualties out of 510 millions inhabitants in the eu ... 
  in other words it would still be a completely insignificant threat . 
  although each event is tragic in itself for the victims , just like any event that results in the death of individuals , it would n't warrant any change to our way of life or any particular fear from the population . 
  it still would have to be fought against , just like any crime , investigations would be carried and people would be arrested , but there is no reason to change our society for it . 
  we do expect measures to be taken to increase safety standards , but certainly not by any means , it 's a careful balance between ensuring the safety of drivers and maintaining a high level of comfort and efficiency . 
  moreover , there is absolutely no panic about it and it does n't have any particularly large media presence . 
  similarly , i do n't mean we should do absolutely nothing against terrorism . 
  of course we should fight it . 
  however , such a fight does not deserve the enactment of exceptional regimes such as our emergency state here , it does n't warrant panic and it does n't warrant to question our whole society just for that . 
  no , just tell them nothing . 
  traffic accidents are not necessarily your fault , you can also die because someone else was stupid . 
  you can die at any time , crossing the road , falling in the stairs , heart attack etc. . . you just have to accept that there is always a tiny risk of you dying at any moment from a large variety of reasons , and just ignore it to go on with your life . 
  no , for them it is really a disaster , he was referring to the vast majority of people who do not know any victim and who were not directly impacted . 
  similarly , a deadly traffic accident is a huge disaster for those involved , it may destroy the lives of the families of the victims , but we do n't expect it to shake the rest of the country . 
  the lender is the imf , and the imf will indeed decide . 
  you seem to jump from `` a person who happen to have x nationality is head of the imf '' to `` country x lends money '' . 
  this is not a logical step by any means . 
  are you under the impression that france is the current lender and that france decides all terms of the loans ? 
  it does n't , or else you should explain how . 
   `` constitution  eu '' not according to eu law , although some member states do consider their constitution as superior , but this is not the position of the eu court of justice . 
  that 's not the point . 
  only an american would call a french black person an `` african-american '' ... 
  i believe it exists in pretty much every country , although it might not receive the same level of media attention . 
  you then have international pageants like miss universe which selects among the winners of the national pageants of each country . 
  thank you for the explanation , i understand better . 
  i still think this is a bad strategy for the uk though , as the eu has a legitimate ground to refuse any negotiation until notification in accordance with the treaty is made ( which is what is being done so far ) , and in the meantime the uk remains a member state of the eu except it is now excluded from many discussions and has therefore virtually lost its influence . 
  a big part of that reasoning is that i believe the uk has more to lose in a hard-brexit than the eu , although it would certainly be damaging both ways . 
  i understand that the logic changes if you think otherwise . 
  sure , i thought we were considering only the legal options , but of course you can just consider breaching a treaty as a valid option on the ground that nobody will be able to punish you for it . 
  that being said , as i said below i really do n't understand how that would serve the uk . 
  they are trying to delay as much as possible their exit from the eu , not accelerating it . 
  i do not understand this theory then . 
  the 2 year time limit can be an issue if you want more time to negotiate before leaving , which seems to be the problem of the uk . 
  if the uk wanted to leave as fast as possible , they could have left immediately by breaching the treaty , or more respectfully notify immediately its intention to leave . 
  instead , the uk is waiting and trying to start negotiations before any formal notice , so that they may have more time to negotiate before effectively leaving the eu . 
  breaching the treaty by leaving immediately would be counter-productive since you would suddenly declare yourself out and have zero negotiation instead of 2 years , which you already consider short . 
  yes , you can unilaterally leave by triggering this provision . 
  it is unilateral since it does not require the approval of other member state , but you still have to notify the eu of your decision to leave , which is exactly what other member state are waiting for you to finally do . 
   when russia leaves the council of europe the echr is an institution of the council of europe . 
   we can perfectly leave the eu without triggering anything well , no , you have to trigger it if you want to leave the eu . 
  until then , you remain a member state . 
  i 'm afraid of a circle where people are afraid , this leads to irrationally strong measures from the government , great speeches , lots of media attention , which in turn validates the fear of the people as it shows that this is a serious and dangerous problem , thus making people even more worried , etc. 
  that 's interesting , however could you explain how it works for shakespear v. moli\u00e8re / racine ? 
  i do n't know enough to get the reference here . 
  a chinese man actually , but this does n't matter since the point remains that france chose this project among many others because they liked it . 
  that is obviously true , however should it dictate the policy of the government ? 
  i understand that people are afraid of terrorism , but in my opinion this fear is irrational ( though perfectly human ) as it is completely disproportionate with the actual danger terrorism represents . 
  as a result , i do not support policies that give more importance to terrorism than it deserve , and sacrifice other aspects of our society on that ground . 
  i would even go as far as to say that this , in a way , acknowledges the power of terrorism and makes it stronger and more efficient as a weapon to destabilize societies . 
  true , but my point is that , unless i 'm mistaken , the government had announced they would not renew it further . 
  then this new attack happened . 
  that 's pretty well illustrated by our [ gardens ] ( http://www.lovethesepics.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/jardin-francais-french-gardens-in-villandry.jpg ) . 
  i 'm not particularly fond of it though . . 
  no i 'm not being sarcastic , and in case there is any doubt i am strongly against the extension of this `` emergency '' state , which is appropriate for true emergencies but certainly not for such an extended duration . 
  i am not trying to justify its extension , i just did n't find / u/ax8l 's point very good , as it sounds a lot like hindsight bias . 
  two things though : * it probably is `` temporary '' , still . 
  it extended over an incredibly long and unjustified period , but it is unlikely that it goes on forever * i do n't know when and in what context you said that , but i would n't blame that french dude for being upset about some person insisting that this is not temporary if at the time of the discussion everything showed that it would be temporary . 
  if there had n't been a new attack on july 14th , it would have ended already , and this was not foreseeable . 
  i think you misunderstand my point . 
  i know you are talking about georgia , i am talking about georgia too . 
  i brought other countries in the discussion to show that there is no single definition of marriage , and that marriage is only what you make it . 
  as a result , it is a pretty bad argument to say that gay marriage can not happen in georgia because the definition of marriage in georgia makes it impossible . 
  it is a bad argument because the definition of marriage in georgia is only what you want it to be , it could change tomorrow if you wanted it ( i did not say that you will , but in theory it could ) . 
  so the true reason why gay marriage is not legal in georgia is not because of any kind of definition , which could be changed whenever georgian decide to change it , but just because you do not want to allow gay marriage , pure and simple . 
  whether this is a good or bad decision is another debate . 
  on a side note , i would n't be as affirmative as you are when you claim that you are sure that marriage will stay the way it is until georgia exists as a nation . 
  you might perfectly be right , but on the other hand keep in mind that the same thing might have been said by many frenchmen or americans a generation ago . 
  but that is the point . 
  that is how you define it in georgia today . 
  other definitions exist elsewhere ( apart from the gay marriage issue , i 'm thinking for example of polygame marriages ) , and other definition might ( or might not ) exist in georgia in the future . 
  `` marriage '' is not an absolute concept that has a fixed meaning everywhere and forever . 
  i am not saying you ought to change the way you think of a marriage ( i personally think you should , but that is outside of the point i 'm making ) , i am saying that claiming that gay marriage is absurd because * the very definition of marriage makes it absolutely impossible to get married with someone with same sex * is not a good point . 
  it is only true provided that you define marriage in a way that restricts it to male-female marriages , which is a pretty circular reasoning . 
  marriage is a man-made concept , which can mean whatever we want it to mean , and in practice has indeed been defined in different ways throughout history and cultures . 
  there is no absolute definition of marriage that would be above laws . 
  the `` marital statuts '' question is a bit weird . 
  basically , if you 're not married or officially in a partnership , then you 're single ?
