  i get it that it 's called `` marital '' , but i feel like the answers could really have been better worded . 
  your questions are pretty irrelevant though , so you can hardly blame him for not answering them . 
  even if we assumed a positive answer for your first two question , the third one does not allow for any valid conclusion to be reached , so there 's not much point ... 
   fiscal freedom . 
  is this a fancy way to talk about tax fraud or am i misunderstanding ? 
  homeopathy is a scam but is not actually harmful . 
  if people feel the need to get medication , i prefer them to buy a pill of sugar than antibiotics . 
  that 's a fair point , you might find more info on their website and in the report itself : https://germanwatch.org/en/13042 i admit i did not go through it myself . 
  `` renewable energies '' seems to represent only 10 % of the score , so that might explain it . 
  it 's not built yet so you 're not gon na see it . 
  what do you want to regulate ? 
  not really . 
  first , the french state is not `` inserting '' itself by some extraordinary way . 
  it 's already a shareholder and it has a preemption right pursuant to a a shareholder agreement and may decide to use it . 
  this is normal shareholder behavior . 
  second , fincantieri is itself a state-owned entity . 
  i heard berlusconi was on his way to your next election , with a significant chance of success . . 
  thanks for letting us know . 
  i do n't think national security has much to do with it , i do n't think it qualifies as state aid in the first place . 
  i 'm really amazed at the number of italians who believe that this is somehow illegal but france gets away with it because it 's france . 
  i understand the diplomatical issue with the situation , and italy is obviously free to criticize france 's decision in that regard , but why do you have to make it into some kind of legal scandal in the eu ? 
  i understand the korean parent is facing some difficulties , however the stx shipyard in france is doing well and is fully booked for several years . 
  i have some trouble understanding how the use of a contractual pre-emption right could be interpreted as a state aid , however competition law is not my specialty . 
  it is not a failing company at all and i understand it is merely the use of a preemption right pursuant to the existing shareholder agreement . 
  to be clearer , those are not `` public companies '' , those are state-owned private companies . 
  as a shareholder , an eu state is free to increase its participation , be it italy or france . 
  from the article , i understand france has a contractual right to purchase stx shares ( from the existing shareholder agreement ) and is entitled to use it like any other shareholder in that position . 
  this is common and non-controversial ( legally , may still be controversial diplomatically ) . 
  i am not familiar with the `` nationalization '' issue that italy apparently had , but it must have been a different problem . 
  then could you provide a reason why france would be unable to purchase shares of stx ? 
  there are examples of state-controlled companies in all eu states , including italy . 
  i believe you are imagining things here . 
  then it was probably a different situation , nothing prohibits an eu state from owning shares in a company . 
  france already has a controlling stake in many companies ( edf , sncf ... ) , and can buy and sell just like any private entity . 
   also i thought nationalizations were against eu regulations where did that come from ? 
   is n't it against eu law ?? 
  no , property of suntory , japanese company . 
  that 's a pretty stupid comment . 
  she was polish , but she was also french . 
  if you want to have a debate , it would be about what nationality is more important than the other , if any , but there 's no denying she has both . 
  that does n't bother me at all . 
  it 's temporary , and if you removed the screen you 'd just have scaffolding instead . 
  if that can help fund the maintenance of the cathedral , i 'm all for it . 
  it would indeed be an interesting question to see how modern france would react with a strong minority language . 
  historically , this has n't gone well , but time passes , opinions and ethics change , so i assume the debate might go over differently ( or maybe not ) . 
  but as you say , this is theoretical as today 's france is what it is , and no significant minority language remains . 
  i still feel like foreigners often feel like france is still fighting against those languages , without realizing that there is nothing to fight against anymore ( not blaming them when saying that ) . 
  frankly , and i say that coming myself from brittany , i think you 'd really struggle to find any family who speak such languages at home , and in any case the child would know french better . 
  only once in my life have i met ( elder ) people fluently speaking that , and of course they also spoke french perfectly . 
  i believe foreigners grossly overestimate the relevance of those past languages in today 's france . 
  i do n't think there is anybody who speak those languages but not french . 
  if anything , forcing that as a new official language would make plenty of things more inconvenient . 
  this is a stupid analogy . 
  i understand you disagree with pro-abortion people , but do n't misrepresent their views . 
  the vast majority of pro-abortion people defend animal rights and would oppose any senseless murder of animals . 
  that would even more be the case for intelligent aliens . 
  the point is that we do n't consider a f\u0153tus to be much more than a pack of cells . 
  sure , it has the potential to become human one day under the right circumstances , but as a f\u0153tus it is not yet human at all . 
   so you would rather be killed by your own mother than lived a good quality life ? 
  i guess it 's a bit of a philosophical debate , but i do n't really consider i existed at this time . 
  granted , there was an embryo , which eventually became what i am today , but was it already `` me '' ? 
  i had no consciousness , and certainly no opinion on the matter of life or death . 
  i do n't think i would have an issue with being killed , since i could not have issue or will of any kind . 
   doing it out of selfishness , because you do n't want to take responsibility , is just wrong and that 's where we disagree . 
  in my view , and for the sake of the children themselves , children should be desired and born within willing families that are ready for them , not the results of accidents , not received like a disastrous event . 
  if a family is not ready for a kid , for any reason ( no money to raise a child , no emotional desire for a child etc. 
  ) , then let them not have a child . 
  until maybe , one day , they are ready . 
  no it 's like saying a thousand euros is more significant to a poor man than to you , period . 
  the argument was * `` why does slovenia wants it if it 's so small and insignificant '' * , and i 'm saying it 's not a good argument precisely because something may be small for one side but not for the other . 
  now , we agree that this is just rejecting a poor argument . 
  it does not mean that solvenia 's claim is necessarily legitimate . 
  but this tells us nothing about convicted war criminals being innocents . 
  it 's not following his argument , it 's making a new unrelated claim . 
   i could say why does slovenia want it if its so small and insignificant . . 
  i 'm not judging whether slovenia 's claim is legitimate or not , but this is not a valid argument . 
  this area is more significant for slovenia because it would give them access to international seas , whereas croatia has such access with or without this area . 
  yes , see microsoft and intel examples as previously mentioned . 
  on the opposite , i never heard of any company just `` refusing '' to pay a fine to the eu . 
  of course that works in the other way too , such as bnp paribas having to pay an 800m fine in the us . 
  ah yes , the headquarters of the winch group . 
  oh wow , that was so presomptuous ... 
  i 'm sure europe would have a much easier time dealing with influx of refugees if it was on the other side of the world , separated with an ocean , filtering and welcoming only educated migrants ... 
  frankly your arrogance on that is mind-boggling . 
  glorious soon-to-be-french cars, 
  i do not know the specificity of scotland voting system , but i assume you the people elect ( directly or indirectly ) your pm , who then appoints ministers . 
  part of the job of any minister of a member state is to seat at the eu council relevant to his field . 
  all in all , the situation seems pretty normal and i fail to see what you might find scandalous here . 
   i do n't share the opinion that i should pay for other people 's stuff unless i do n't benefit from it . 
  is that a general statement ? 
  i pay for plenty of things that i wo n't benefit from , and that seems pretty normal . 
  i 'm not unicef nor the red cross either , yet i pay for roads and bridges i will never pass on , or more generally for so many infrastructures i will never use , i pay for the indemnities of unemployed people , for the medical care of many other persons with no relation to my own needs , for the scholarships benefiting poor students ... 
  i genuinely doubt it 's a significant cost for society , but i assume you make it a matter of principle . 
  in my view , i appreciate having a society where childs are desired and not the result of an accident , and i 'm ready to pay for this right to be globally available without financial concern for the family involved . 
   go back to facebook folks , reddit is not for you . 
  a tad condescending . . 
  maybe you 're misunderstanding . 
  it 's not about a side criticizing the other , it 's about the right facing a crisis following several of their significant members joining macron . 
  you ca n't write it differently , you ca n't make a general title that would n't specifically refer to the right since we 're talking of the right . 
  you could only be even more specific and give the name of the party itself , les r\u00e9publicains , instead of just `` french right '' .
