i feel like him . 
  it looks super cool , but it 's really hard to get any actual info out of it . 
  the [ atlas ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/ ) was much better . 
  this stereotype is n't much better . 
   paris , which is the worst part of the country you could spend your hollidays in imho . 
  you can prefer other places , but saying paris has zero touristic value is ridiculous ... 
  especially from someone who mentions the eiffel tower as the one thing that people should see there . 
  i 'm not sure you even understood what / u/vsevolodovich is saying , or if you do then you 're not answering . 
  if you quote a statement about the french election system being less favorable to extreme candidates than the us system , we expect you to explain why you oppose that statement . 
  to do so , you have to talk about the french system , compared to the us one . 
  instead , you do n't talk about electoral systems for presidential elections at all , but only about reasons why people might want to vote fn , which does n't address the statement you quoted . 
  you have two independent things : 1 - mps are elected by each constituency . 
  2 - once elected , they shall represent the whole french nation and not solely their constituency . 
  the point is that the mp shall not represent only those who voted for them in their particular constituency . 
  each mp represents the whole nation and does not have a particular duty toward his constituency . 
  the fact that the political distribution of mp does not match the political distribution of the nation is true , but is only related to the first point above ( it 's a consequence of the election process ) , not the second . 
  i do n't see the connection with the fn vote . 
  we 're not talking about the voting process , which is indeed based on electoral constituencies , but on the status of the mp after their elections . 
  once they are elected , the members of the national assembly represent the nation , not solely their constituency . 
  this is true whether you accept it or not , and is stated as such on any possible source you might check . 
  it 's not a matter of wikipedia , you 're just wrong and somehow you insult the other . .  les d\u00e9put\u00e9s sont investis d\u2019un mandat national . 
  the national assembly says it itself . 
  you can click `` other discussions '' on top of the page . 
  the sub is r/energy . 
  an orphan usually still has family legally responsible for him ( be it grandparents , uncle/aunt ... ) . 
  in the very rare case of an orphan without any family , the legal authority belongs to a specific administrative service , but i admit i do n't know how the laws on education translate to this situation . 
   a child have an obligation to get an education . 
  well , yes i think so . 
  that 's why school is compulsory ( at least in some countries , mine included ) , not something you can opt in or out as you want . 
  let 's not confuse two different things . 
  the eu has no authority with regard to tax matters ( because the member states are not ready to lose their sovereignty in this respect ) . 
  the eu will not have any say on the tax rate that luxembourg chooses to apply , and therefore luxembourg can continue to have very little tax , or no tax , if they so wish . 
  what happened in ireland is not related to ireland having very low tax rate . 
  it 's related to ireland entering into agreements with companies ( apple in this case ) whereby they agree on different rules than the normal tax regime . 
  this is an issue in terms of competition law ( why should this company have a better tax regime than another company ? 
  ) , and this is something the eu can look into . 
  similarly , if engie and luxembourg agreed on specific tax deals which give engie a specific tax regime which is not the normal luxembourg tax law , the eu will look into it on the ground of competition law . 
  but this will not impact luxembourg tax law . 
  it is certainly more relevant in some specific fields , especially the finance industry where the city is clearly dominating europe . 
  however , globally , france and uk have pretty similar gdp and economical weight . 
  same for military power . 
  that 's not really an argument in favor of this law , you 're basically saying `` i do n't like him '' . 
  many people are shy about it . 
  however it 's not a new phenomenon so normally this is already taken into account to adjust the poll results . 
  i do n't see the issue here . 
  either you come and you do n't get the nationality , then you 're just hungarian . 
  or you come and you become a french citizen , then you 're french ( and you can keep the hungarian nationality and be hungarian as well ) . 
  now , if you do n't consider yourself french , that 's your right . 
  you will still be treated as french officially if you have the citizenship , which is normal since you are a french citizen , but nobody can force you to think of yourself as `` french '' anyway . 
  you can even hate it if you decide so ( but in such case , you may as well not get the french nationality in the first place i guess . . ) . 
  i fail to see what right france would be denying you . 
  what would you want to do that you would n't be able to ? 
  how ? 
  i mean , let 's say you come to france . 
  you 're not french , so you 're what you call a `` minority '' . 
  now , where 's the part where we deny you your nationhood ? 
  sorry for insisting , but i just genuinely fail to understand your point . 
   well , because minorities are the people who are n't french , in any country the minorities are the people who are n't of that nationality ... well i do n't know , `` minority '' can have a lot of meaning beyond nationality depending on the context , some could talk of blacks as minorities or gays as minorities etc. 
  anyway , since your point is people who are n't french , then i do n't understand how it is relevant to my point which was to say that anybody who is a french citizen is french . 
  how does that relate to minorities ( i.e. 
  non-french people ) being degraded and denied everything ? 
  moreover , what are we denying them by that ? 
  i 'm not sure what we are denying or who we are degrading . 
  what kind of minorities do you even have in mind that we would degrade by considering them french ? 
  how is that degrading ? 
  and i think you 're giving more importance to the fcpnm than it deserves ... in any case we might ratify it one day but it would require a constitutional change which is difficult to achieve . 
  well at least you seem very opinionated on this question and somehow feel strongly against france , but for reasons i fail to understand . 
  did you have a bad experience here ? 
  i fail to see how this is disgusting , and how we suck at minority rights , but alright then . 
  if you came and got citizenship , you would be french , whether or not you choose to think or yourself as such ( which is yours only to decide ) . 
   could you list me 900 french towns by memory . 
  that 's a pretty stupid argument when talking about whether a brand is significant within a given market . . 
  i do n't know your source but for those curious i found [ this ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/535415/grocery-market-share-france/ ) which gives similar results ( 2.3 % ) . 
  never seen one either , are you sure it 's that common ? 
  yeah , i see france has a color on this map so i assume it exists here but i never saw one . 
  indeed, 
   not many people go to big cities for a vacation by the sea , so it seems unlikely city travelers would switch to greece because they fear terrorism . 
  good point . 
   couple of thousand dead bodies of people murdered by terrorists in europe in the last few years you 're off by an order of magnitude , but it does n't matter much . 
  the point is that terrorism does exist , but the risk is completely insignificant , wherever you are in europe . 
  it makes as much sense as refusing to fly a plane just because plane crashes do exist as well . 
  of course efforts should be made to fight terrorism in any case ( just like efforts should be made to further avoid plane crashes ) , but basing any decision on such an insignificant probability is pure irrational panic . 
  good for greece , but what an absolutely ridiculous reason ... 
  the events in guyana are widely reported in france , i 'm not sure what kind of bulshit you 're trying to convey ... 
  among other things , it is frankly stupid if only because le pen is much more likely to reach second round than macron . 
  yeah ok but still . 
  i find it difficult to believe that there was 0 % of babies born outside of marriage in france . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  it 's orange ? 
  sorry that you did n't enjoy it , to each their own i guess . 
  i live there and really enjoy it , i travelled quite a lot but still see paris as one of the most beautiful cities . 
  in my view the downside is more about the high living cost , especially real estate . 
  as scandalous as it is , it really has nothing to do with trump 's ban and does not grant it any legitimacy ... 
  the issue is that they could also use legitimate things . 
  the pictures posted by the op do not reveal any scandal , it 's only blind accusations of him being a shill for the us , and an extract from us documents which says nothing interesting . 
  he will also be attacked on his past as an m&a banker . 
  not really , quebec does it more . 
  but for nato it 's not a `` translation '' , otan is as official as nato , as you can see on [ the official logo ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/nato_otan_landscape_logo.svg ) . 
  i like macron but this is the most ridiculous argument i ever heard . 
   the fact remains it needs armed guards around the clock to provide security to its citizens no it does n't , that was my point ...
