  the entire basis for this worry is that people imagine that it could happen . 
  i can imagine a lot of things too , but i do n't expect anyone to base policy on that . 
   what those people are doing is not fleeing from war , they flee poverty . 
  here 's a hint : if some tens of thousands of people start coming to your country after a civil war starts in theirs , and you ca n't deport them because of the war in their home country , then chances are they 're not fleeing poverty . 
   if they are not escaping from a war , which is what happen if you are coming from a relatively peaceful and prosperous country like turkey , then you do not deserve the status of refugee imho . 
  so , politically seen , it was true . 
  no , it was n't . 
  there 's a difference between what is and what you want to be . 
   ( they are not refugee . 
  they are coming from and trough other peacefull nations like turkey ) that 's not what the word means . 
  it 's called `` ethnic homogenity '' now . 
   exactly this is their topic and now they are using it . 
  the wording might be copied , but the content is as usual . 
  it 's not . 
  for example the npd positions they have in their program is that the right to asylum should be removed completely , that integration is genocide ( that 's a quote by the way ) , and that all foreigners - refugee or not - will eventually be told to leave . 
  no asylum , no integration , no immigration . 
  of course that does n't make for a good flyer for general distribution , so we get this white-washed `` we demand the things the government is doing anyway '' shit . 
  edit : also when the npd says `` no financial incentives '' , what they mean is that asylum seekers better have enough money to live off , because we should n't give them anything and just let them starve . 
  again , does n't make for a good flyer for public consumption . 
   why did you quote me and turned my quote from `` merkel-germany '' to `` germany '' ? 
  do you think there 's another germany where merkel is currently not chancellor or do you just like to argue over trivial shit ? 
  i can already see the follow-up comment where you try to derail by focusing on the term `` merkel-germany '' exclusively . 
   you wrote `` the situation has n't spiraled out of control '' . 
  i provided a very qualify source that it did . 
  you did n't provide a source that it did . 
  you provided a source where someone said it did . 
  you also lied about who it was on top of that - not even you yourself found that source convincing . 
  just go away . 
  it does n't pass the sniff test . 
  you do n't distribute flyers and organize protests in the streets to push for non-controversial things that everyone wants to do anyway . 
   during the financial crisis in my country what i hear you say is that you ca n't come up with anything , so you try to change the topic . 
   with this migrant crisis , they invite all the migrants to europe , so a lie . 
   and without so much as a second thought decide that everyone in europe needs to take a certain amount . 
  and another lie . 
   there were mild threats of sanctions if they didnt . 
  and extreme political pressure on those who dont feel the same way as germany . 
  and once again not an answer . 
  do you know any country that was bullied or not ? 
  do you know how exactly , or not ? 
   the eu isnt just the united states of germany , yet they act as they are the ones in charge here 's something you might want to know : * they are n't . 
  * there is absolutely no way whatsoever for germany to do anything by itself at the eu level . 
  they ca n't threaten anyone . 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  that 's why you keep stumbling around and fumbling for answers - because you do n't have any . 
  you have this fixation that germany is basically the dictatorial ruler of europe , but you 're completely incapable of backing it up with anything because that fixation is literally the only thing you `` know '' about european politics . 
  you have no concept of how any of it works , you just `` know '' that `` dem germans '' run everything somehow . 
  23 out of 28 countries representing around 90 % of the european population voted for the quota , and you dumbasses still keep going * hurr durr dis is germany forcing evryone * . 
   seems i 'm not the only one with these concerns . 
  yes , german intelligence also has concerns , they always do . 
  that 's how you get funding . 
  no , german intelligence does n't have any basis for their concerns either . 
  as far as i know the only real basis for those claims is the word of an isis operative that spoke exclusively to * buzzfeed * . 
  it hardly seems prudent to base an entire continent 's asylum policy on the unsubstantiated claims of one guy in a buzzfeed interview . 
  who did germany bully and how ? 
  whether it 's current or not does n't depend on whether there 's any eu document from before the treaty of lisbon left on the website that quotes it under a heading of what `` the nice treaty introduced '' . 
  it depends on whether the treaty of lisbon superceded it . 
  i already quoted the current sections of the consolidated version of the treaties here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m1huc/those_of_you_who_are_against_the_refugee_quotas/cvba6ig, 
   i wish we could kick germany out for being such a cock about fucking everything . 
  will you also kick out every other country that voted just the same ? 
  there 'd be a grand total of five countries left in the eu . 
  but you keep blaming your scapegoat , if that 's what helps you sleep at night . 
   i am in the ` do n't accept any refugees camp ' . 
  ( ... ) my argument again is on the basis that it is immoral not to accept refugees . 
  well , at least you 're honest about openly advocating for doing the immoral thing . 
   it 's imo not right to tell someone here 's eu citizenship what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  refugees do n't get citizenship . 
   and face ostracising from all of the european community ? 
  you ca n't get ostracized from `` all of the european community '' unless you 're just a tiny part of that community , genius . 
  were they gon na be ostracized by themselves ? 
  you basically just admitted that even you yourself do n't believe your shit . 
   they need to go back when the war is over the war * is n't * over . 
  that 's from the treaty of nice . 
  it has since been superceded by the treaty of lisbon . 
  i 'm going to assume quoting an outdated text was an honest mistake and it was just a coincidence that you also did n't mention what you 're quoting . 
   article 78  ( ex articles 63 , points 1 and 2 , and 64 ( 2 ) tec )  1 . 
  the union shall develop a common policy on asylum , subsidiary protection and temporary protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement . 
  this policy must be in accordance with the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees , and other relevant treaties . 
  for the purposes of paragraph 1 , the european parliament and the council , acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure , shall adopt measures for a common european asylum system comprising :  ( a ) a uniform status of asylum for nationals of third countries , valid throughout the union ;  ( b ) a uniform status of subsidiary protection for nationals of third countries who , without obtaining european asylum , are in need of international protection ;  ( c ) a common system of temporary protection for displaced persons in the event of a massive inflow ;  ( d ) common procedures for the granting and withdrawing of uniform asylum or subsidiary protection status ;  ( e ) criteria and mechanisms for determining which member state is responsible for considering an application for asylum or subsidiary protection ;  ( f ) standards concerning the conditions for the reception of applicants for asylum or subsidiary protection ;  ( g ) partnership and cooperation with third countries for the purpose of managing inflows of people applying for asylum or subsidiary or temporary protection . 
   ** in the event of one or more member states being confronted by an emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries , the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the member state ( s ) concerned . 
  it shall act after consulting the european parliament . 
  ** http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:12012e/txt&amp;from=en  article 16  1 . 
  the council shall , jointly with the european parliament , exercise legislative and budgetary functions . 
  it shall carry out policy-making and coordinating functions as laid down in the treaties . 
  the council shall consist of a representative of each member state at ministerial level , who may commit the government of the member state in question and cast its vote . 
  ** the council shall act by a qualified majority ** except where the treaties provide otherwise . 
  it 's blatantly obvious to anyone who is n't a complete moron or deliberately lying that it 's not just germany . 
  the quota is the result of a majority vote . 
  you ca n't win a majority vote just with germany . 
  any idiot can see that . 
  23 out of 28 member states representing around 90 % of eu citizens voted for it , but everyone is still `` hurr durr germoney '' . 
   so that we do n't end up with a country like hu bearing all the costs that 's completely ridiculous , and you know it . 
   according to eu law only asylum rules which have been unanimously agreed can be implemented by majority vote i do n't need to know anything about eu law to know that that 's not true . 
  it does n't even make sense on a semantic level . 
   additionally the dublin convention states that refugees must apply for asylum in the first country of entry to the eu no , it does n't . 
   they demand 2000 euro even though it 's over 4x as much as people in need receive in poland please show me your source for the demands allegedly made by people who we know are completely unorganized and do n't have any way to make demands as a group . 
   think of the massive brain drain this is doing to those countries . 
  how are they ever going to elevate their countries above dire poverty when everyone ups and leaves . 
  stop lying about the issue . 
  this is n't about economic migrants . 
  `` brain drain '' is the least of their worries .
