   it 's `` do you criticize christians and jews for what their holy book calls for , or for what they actually do ? '' . 
  he did n't avoid anything . 
  that 's not even the question i asked , genius . 
   so we got to say exactly those two muslims etc ? 
  it 's how it works for christians , is n't it ? 
  no one ever criticized the archbishop of canterbury for ugandan anti-gay legislation , but for some reason muslims are considered one monolithic block and isis beheading people apparently means that i 'm supposed to be paranoid about the arab grocery store owner down the street . 
   lol ... we got enough proofs of muslim fundamentalism even in europe , we dont have to talk about isis beheading . 
  no one is saying that muslim fundamentalism does n't exist . 
  what i 'm saying is that the existence of muslim fundamentalism says about as much about any random muslim as the existence of slovakian car thieves says about you . 
  no one is waging a holy war in europe . 
   you got called out on your nonsense and politely asked to stop it . 
  here 's a hint , since you apparently expect this to work : if you talk to people and that line gets them to shut up , it means that they think you 're an obstinate dumbass . 
   when people question criticize christianity nobody starts calling them racist . 
  why ? 
  because that would be absurd . 
  however , people use the racist card all the time when it comes to islam and it has to stop as it has nothing to do with racism . 
  the difference is that christians are usually criticized for things they say and things they do , while muslims are usually criticized for things other muslims say and things other muslims do . 
  there would be a lot less using the racist card , if `` of course they believe that , they 're syrian '' was n't a major argument . 
  also no one ever criticized the archbishop of canterbury for ugandan anti-gay legislation . 
   if you want to start a thread about how ostracized muslims are in europe , please feel free to do so . 
  right . 
  that only belongs here when * you * bring it up . 
   so if you ca n't contribute more than some bizarre `` you 're shutting down me criticizing my criticism of a criticism '' tail-eating ouroboros of an argument then feel free to leave . 
  right . 
   that 's bunk , of course . 
  you either allow open criticism or you do n't . 
  because getting criticized is for other people . 
   yeah , this is why people are rightfully ignoring you . 
  do you know why people ignore me ? 
  because no one ever thinks of himself as a hypocrite . 
  that 's how you can tell me that open criticism should be allowed and to shut the fuck up and go away in the span of an hour , and still think that you 're making a consistent point . 
  that really was n't a yes-or-no question , but i guess avoiding to answer is enough of an answer in this case . 
   if you 'd like to free yourself from uncontrolled palming , you may want to read this [ 1 ] . 
  hey , [ here 's a relevant counterargument ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special:random ) . 
  answer me honestly : do you criticize christians and jews for what their holy book calls for , or for what they actually do , or not at all ? 
   everyone else is talking about the ability to criticism religion and , more specifically preferential treatment given to islam in many western societies for an indefensible reason . 
  you think that inane crap like people honestly thinking that an almost-ostracized minority like islam is getting `` preferential treatment '' * is n't * what i 'm talking about ? 
  that 's complete bullshit , and you know it . 
  i 'll tell you what - i 'm going to name three instances of perferential treatment for christianity for every one you can name for islam , and we 'll see who 's running out first . 
  you start , if you can . 
   when you try to hijack that conversation oh right . 
  please tell me again how you support open criticism , guy who just tries to shut men down for criticizing him and tells me i 'm `` hijacking the conversation '' with my disagreeing . 
   he was in prison in germany because he plotted to kill the iraqu pm ? 
  you did n't know ? 
  seriously ? 
  you talk about this guy , and how well he was integrated , and you 're surprised by what is literally the * only * thing that is widely known about him ? 
   plus , it is not just him who had serious problems in western europe with integration . 
  hey , let me quote you from an hour ago :  he integrated into german society well . 
  people are free to paint islam as * the * major problem religion in europe , and i 'm free to mock them as the xenophobic hypocrites that they are . 
   i do n't think it 's wrong to point out that for a lot of immigrants the equal rights for lgbt 's may be incompatible with their own personal or religious views . 
  equal rights for lgbt 's are also incompatible with a lot of non-immigrants personal or religious views . 
  no one cares . 
  i 'm actually a pretty cynical guy . 
  when i find that two traditionally opposite groups like gay rights advocates and xenophobes who advocate for ethnic homogenity suddenly have a huge overlap , i 'm getting suspicious . 
   he integrated into german society well . 
  just as well as probably most of those who come now do n't you think `` he integrated well '' is a bit of a stretch to say about someone who was in prison for plotting to kill the iraqi prime minister and was allowed to stay in the country solely because he would have been executed if he had been deported . 
   you make it sound like all people who do n't like islam are fine with paedophile priests . 
  the fact is that in all my life i have never seen so much concern for gay rights as in those last few weeks on / r/europe , and i 'm not buying it . 
   in several countries it seems criticising religion ( or at least one religion in particular ) is seen as racist . 
  i 'll believe that people who criticize islam for being homophobic are n't racist the day those people take a stand against the catholic church not employing gay people in the various kindergartens and hospitals the german government pays them to run . 
  depends . 
  criticizing religion ? 
  fine with me . 
  only ever criticizing muslims and not giving the tiniest fuck about anyone else , even when it 's about the exact same issue ? 
  yeah , that 's not `` criticizing religion '' , that 's called `` looking for an excuse '' . 
  1 ) `` other people 's debate techniques are also shit '' really is n't a defense . 
  2 ) making sweeping generalizations over vast diverse groups like `` everyone who does n't agree with me '' is n't really helping your argument either . 
  3 ) you know someone does n't grasp the concept of individual responsibility when he calls you a hypocrite because something you said does n't align with something someone else did . 
  yes , this does have direct applicability to the topic we 're discussing , it 's not just a random jab . 
  why is anyone considered anything ? 
  because they fit the definition . 
   taking the side of disgusting rapists is maintaing integrity ? 
  i guess you must be one of these fucking rapists too ? 
  i should quote this , if only to make sure that you ca n't hide the disgusting debate techniques you employ to silence opposition . 
  no , he 's not . 
  you mean the guy that had been in germany for almost twenty years and was n't deported because that would literally have been a death sentence ? 
   and all because some were afraid that they will be labeled as `` racist '' ; this is what propaganda does to people . 
  clearly the solution is to keep going on and on and on and on about how everyone who accuses anyone of rape will immediately be labeled a racist . 
  because that 's how you combat something like that - not by calling them out for being complete fucktards , but by proclaiming that they were totally and completely correct in making that horseshit assumption as often and as loudly as you can . 
  in case you have n't read the article you yourself linked - no one was labeled a racist , and no one was making excuses for the perpetrators . 
  what is alleged to have happened was that someone * thought * that would happen , i.e. 
  the exact same thing that i just spoke out against . 
  so kudos to you for feeding that crap . 
  excellent work . 
  i hope you 're proud . 
  i give you that - this is what propaganda does to people . 
   processing somebody who came in austria by land is simply illegal , how ca n't you see that ?? 
  you 're completely wrong . 
  open the regulations again , scroll down to `` discretionary clauses '' . 
  it 's absolutely not illegal for any country to process any asylum request . 
  it 's just illegal for certain countries * not to * process certain asylum requests . 
  drop the unthinking gullibility towards right-wing propaganda , start using your brain , and then try again . 
  that 's something people say in an attempt to discredit people with a different opinion than them , not something that actually happens . 
  said the guy from his armchair a thousand miles from any war . 
   here we go again with citing africa as an example of christian intolerance , you know and i know why they do that , and it has nothing to do with christianity . 
  is it because they 're black ? 
  let me check your post history . 
   hmm . 
  i agree with you that the white ( race ) traitors are more dangerous and need to be dealt with more severely than dindus and heebs . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/darkenlightenment/comments/3jo8mi/does_trs_let_progressives_off_the_hook_too_much/curki70?context=3 right .
