  i just disagree with the conclusions , and knowing that this is a forty year old debate makes it hard to take the hyperbole and doomsday scenarios seriously . 
  i already know the video you sent me , but i chose to ignore it because whenever i respond with `` anecdotal '' i get flooded by all kinds of morons who do n't know what that word means . 
  but thanks for telling me what germany is like , serbia-tagged guy . 
   you have to realize that while you may believe in freedom of speech and religion , the people that are coming to your country , many of them ( and their children ) do n't or so i am told , but funnily enough , those people are n't the ones who actively work to dismantle it . 
   and once they surpass a certain percentage of the population it is n't iniminagible that they 'll create a much less tolerant society . 
  as opposed to the people who are actively working to create a much less tolerant society at this very moment . 
  i do n't know how you can possibly not see this , but you 're not saving our tolerant free society when you call for intolerance and restrictions on freedom . 
   the uncontrolled flooding of the country with migrants was not part of the currents governments mandate . 
  i 'm pretty sure that `` follow the law '' is part of the government 's mandate by default . 
   do you even live in europe ? 
  do n't you see what is going on on the streets every day ? 
  my wife is blonde , i have to pick her up from work every day and loose 30 minutes of my time because she was whistled at and approached by some arabs . 
  maybe he lives in actual europe and not neo-nazi propaganda fantasy europe . 
   so what if there 's no law ? 
  not `` so what '' , dipshit , that 's the entire fucking point . 
   point is dress code is a completely normal thing , even in germany , so please drop the attitude and get real right . 
  try introducing a law that forces a dress code on everyone , see what happens . 
  see how `` completely normal '' germans will think that is . 
  see how exactly the same as iran and saudi-arabia germany really is . 
   no i disagree with it because it is not necessary . 
  then fucking stop bringing it up as a role model for us then . 
   you can not go to another country and demand your values , views and culture be imposed on that country 's native population . 
  projecting much ? 
  ** freedom of speech and freedom of religion are our values ** . 
  you 're the only one around here who 's asking our countries to change . 
  you 're the only one around here who 's pointing to the arab world as an example . 
  it 's not those refugees . 
  it 's you . 
  that 's between you and the bank . 
  there 's no law banning tattoos . 
  but thanks for sharing a completely unrelated experience . 
   yeah germany is so right wing that they left everyone in and bend their laws to accomodate multicultural bullshit . 
  yes , `` bend their laws '' , to non-fascists otherwise known as `` doing what the law says '' . 
   and why the hell do you keep bringing us into it ? 
  because he 's giving people the benefit of the doubt and assumes that they 're just coming from a different perspective , instead of being complete dumbasses who know fuck-all about politics . 
   there are clear extremist connotations beyond `` thank god '' , given it has a long history with islamist protest . 
  it has an even longer history in mainstream islam . 
  you 're literally asking that all muslims stop being muslims because of your prejudice . 
   when a western woman goes to an islamic country guess what ? 
  she ca n't wear whatever she wants . 
  she has to respect the dress code . 
  do you think that 's good ? 
  forcing women to wear headscarves ? 
  is that something you like ? 
  is that the reason i gave for doubting his story ? 
  i 'm not saying that all stories of altercations with muslims are fake , i 'm saying that i think this specific story is fake for reasons that are specific to this specific story . 
  stories about traditional german events getting changed/canceled because of pressure by muslims or the political left are a common trope . 
  you may be aware of a christmas market in berlin allegedly being forced to change its name to `` winterfest '' , which was a hoax that made headlines all over germany . 
  yesterday , this was posted to / r/germany . 
  further googling revealed that it was an online petition . 
  ( not saying where because the overzealous automod does n't even allow mentioning the domain . ), 
  going back , the oldest comments under `` why people sign '' were all one of three things : someone with a stereotypical jewish name posting how much he hates germany while saying `` oy vey '' a lot . 
  someone with an arab name posting that they 're about to move to germany and what sweeping changes they expect there ( up to and including the country 's name ) . 
  someone with a german name posting an anti-nazi one-liner . 
  this is in order of appearance , the very first comment just said `` oy vey '' . 
  at that point , all the newer comments were exclusively people who opposed the petition `` signing for visibility/awareness '' . 
  you tell me if that looks like a real petition . 
  now , one day later , there 's this guy and just happens to get into an altercation over the exact same thing . 
  sounds legit . 
  i 'm not saying that all stories of altercations with muslims are fake , i 'm saying that i think this specific story is fake for reasons that are specific to this specific story . 
   so if a non muslim is assaulted by a muslim , it did n't happen ? 
  if a non-muslim is assaulted by a muslim that has the exact same outlandish opinion as a fake petition that neo-nazis have been floating around in the last few days ? 
  yeah , i doubt it . 
  it fits too perfectly with the fake anti-oktoberfest petition that neo-nazis have been floating around recently . 
  we will absolutely not piss away what secularism and religious freedom we have because you paranoid dipshits are so afraid of one religion that you go full retard and try to force another down everyone 's throat . 
   i seriously doubt that everyone was thrown into jail for six months . 
  at least that is not what we have seen in the past 2 months with thousands of migrants throwing tantrums all over the country to get their will without consequence . 
  you normally are n't allowed to jail asylum seekers , but there 's an exception that asylum seekers that are returned by another eu country to be jailed for up to six months . 
  it was intended as a rare measure , but hungary used it as a matter of course . 
  it fits into a pattern of having a token asylum system to placate the most basic requirements , and then doing everything in their power to discourage anyone ( be they asylum seekers or other eu countries ) from making use of it . 
  i think it 's dishonest and we need to take a hard look at where we 're going with the eu . 
  points of criticism included hungary indiscriminately throwing everyone in jail for six months and asylum seekers being forced to see doctors or government agencies while leashed to a guard . 
  that 's not a result of overcrowding , that 's a mentality problem . 
  i 'll have to look into that . 
  i read something about them rejecting all claims on the guardian , but they have their reporting in an atrocious liveblog format that makes it impossible to read . 
  hungary also claims that conditions for asylum seekers that get deported there from other eu countries are legal . 
  german courts beg to differ and blocked deportations to hungary back in july . 
  personally , i think this reveals a systemic issue within the eu that we 'll have to deal with long after the refugee crisis is resolved . 
  the political right and far-right is always going on and on about the threat to our `` shared european values '' the refugees pose . 
  ironically , it turns out that they were right , in an unexpected way , if only because the crisis is making europe look into a mirror and question what those shared values really are . 
  i would contend that they ca n't possibly check the asylum claims as thoroughly as eu law requires while rejecting them within hours , and the reported acceptance rate of zero does n't exactly inspire confidence in their system either . 
  i expect someone to bring a case before european courts very soon . 
   wrong . 
  hungary had that many migrants caught ( none came through the official border crossing station ) wanted to cross through the country . 
  nobody knows how many were not caught . 
  `` it was actually more than that '' really is n't a counterargument . 
   right now , the demonstrating crowd at the official border crossing station at hungary could also enter and file for asylum after registration ( less than a hundred did so yesterday ) . 
  less than a hundred filed for asylum , none got it . 
  hungary is rejecting every single application . 
  it 's dishonest to fault them for not trying to claim asylum in a system whose entire point is to not give anyone asylum and discourage people from even trying . 
  hungary did n't even bother to set it up in a way that would allow them to cope with the current levels of refugees . 
  the entire thing is designed around the assumption that all the refugees will leave . 
  yeah , about that . 
  merkel has issued a statement that says the opposite , and the article that claimed it has misteriously disappeared . 
   there can not be an application if the migrant refuses to be registered , fingerprinted and to apply for asylum in hungary . 
  there can also not be an application if hungary only provides the capacity to deal with a small fraction of applicants . 
   now all are allowed in for processing at the proper border crossing stations . 
  they can all ask for asylum . 
  not according to what i 've read so far . 
  if hungary really expects to be able to start a few hundred cases per day , then they quite literally ca n't ask for asylum .
