  the only thing they got right is that eurogendfor exists and consists of military police units . 
  and even if you know nothing about eurogendfor ( which is considerably more than someone who knows what it says in the article knows about egf ) , the fact that nothing has happened since this propaganda piece was published over a year ago should have been a hint . 
   i can see them adding 500 exabytes to zetabyte a year so about half of all hard drives produced , for a cost of more than the nsa 's estimated total budget . 
  that does n't seem absurd at all . 
   these people have infinite , literally infinite resources and money that word does n't mean what you think it means . 
  so what you 're saying is that technically it 's not impossible because they could massively delay construction and go massively over budget to buy up a huge chunk of the entire world 's hard drive production for several years , in theory . 
  so it 's not impossible and absurd , it 's just absurd . 
  the data center will be finished this year , not 2018 . 
  the stated cost ( according the same source that makes the ' 5 zettabyte ' claim , i might add ) is about a tenth of the revenue seagate makes on a tenth of the hard drives the nsa supposedly has . 
  the european parliament is n't the victim here . 
  they sent e-mail to a guy , and the us wiretapped that guy . 
  that 's not the same as wiretapping the european parliament . 
  i 'm waiting for internet neckbeards to completely lose their shit over a made-up new `` acta '' - esque clause that is supposedly being sneaked into the deal . 
  you 're living in a bubble . 
  i suggest standing outside any church on a sunday to cure that . 
   or similar services ? 
  well , it looks like it 's basically norwegian dropbox . 
  if this subreddit would know anything about cyprus , we would n't be talking about turkey possibly joining the eu in the first place . 
  yeah , if we could go ahead and stop pretending that adding turkey to the eu is something that could possibly happen in the near future , that 'd be great . 
  seriously , this whole process started back when the eu was the european economic community , and now after half a century we 're pretending that these talks could suddenly go somewhere somehow while turkey does n't even recognize all eu member states . 
   there are probably more countries where they try to avoid making dubbed films/series/etc ... 
  the idea of ` countries ' ` avoiding ' dubbing is something i 'd describe as ` not even wrong ' . 
  countries do n't dub movies . 
  they 're dubbed by businesses . 
  the decision is n't political . 
  germany is a large market where a lot of people ca n't understand english movies , therefore they get dubbed films , simple as that . 
  also :  in portugal , you start learning english when you are 6 yo and most part of the portuguese nation already speaks english at a decent level . 
  hmm . 
   well , you are generalizing the whole europe based on your country thus making a logical fallacy . 
  what you do n't get is that trying to rid your society of nazis by turning more people into nazis so that they can unscrupulously fight the first group of nazis is a monumentally dumb idea . 
   governments are certainly not what created the conditions for universal healthcare / housing / labor rights ( education is another story ) . 
  these all have their roots within working class struggles , unionizing ; or in other word , class tension . 
  in other words : the government ca n't do something good by definition because fuck them . 
  everything good they do was forced upon them , everything bad that results from a government decision is exactly what they want to do . 
  thank you for your well-reasoned analysis . 
  the biggest democratic deficit is that the european parliament can do what it wants because every asshat is just going to whine about ` the undemocratic bureaucrats in brussels ' instead of actually holding his elected representatives accountable like he would do with his national parliament . 
  that 's not going to go away by changing the eu . 
   his interference by the bureaucrats in brussels cut the crap . 
  this is the result of a law that was made by elected politicians , just like every other law in every other democracy . 
  ` bureaucrats ' have nothing to do with it . 
  no , we have museums for [ our own fastfood ] ( http://www.currywurstmuseum.de/ ) instead . 
  i suggest we stop this unwarranted arrogance right now . 
  do n't make me link more european museums of this kind . 
  he was using the word `` culture '' in the way many european people use the word `` culture '' . 
  what we use to describe ourselves without actually describing ourselves , because if we had to do that we would n't know how . 
   afaik freedom of panorama does only apply to `` special '' buildings not true for germany . 
  the specific national transposing laws were ruled unconstitutional , not the directive . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  in particular , it does n't necessarily mean that a constitutional transposing law ca n't exist . 
   i would n't want to be visible on street view getting out of a sex shop or even in front of a restaurant . 
  why would i not care ? 
  you do know that google blurs all faces on streetview pictures , right ? 
  when the big streetview debate happened in germany , google had already been blurring images for two years . 
  the gema leaders are n't technophobic . 
  they do n't object to their material being on the internet , in fact they welcome it . 
  they just want people to pay through the nose for it . 
  i do n't doubt that there will be legislators fuming over this . 
  some people are fuming over this right now , e.g. 
  the guys from the big brother awards . 
  the problem is that that 's not something that google glass does . 
  you also have to consider apartment buildings , where a single opt-out covers a dozen households or more . 
   i see your point but it 's not a valid point to me . 
  and i do n't think it would be okay from a ( german ) legal point of view either . 
  if google infringes the right of privacy of one person , it does n't get better when it infringes the right of privacy of another 10.000 people . 
  what happened is actually the exact opposite . 
  google streetview is completely legal . 
  a picture of your house that was taken from the street does n't infringe on your right to privacy . 
  it 's called freedom of panorama , and is actually a good thing . 
  that was n't even part of the debate . 
  the issue was that not infringing the right to privacy of 10000 people is apparently worse than not infringing the right to privacy of one person , at least to some people . 
  but there are estimates that the us could save billions of dollars by replacing the one dollar bill with a coin . 
  canada saved hundreds of millions of dollars after introducing the loonie . 
  for that , i have sources . 
  http://www.examiner.com/article/are-dollar-coins-about-to-replace-dollar-bills edit : wikipedia says , euro bills cost about 0.08 $ to make . 
  i 've found several unsubstantiated claimes that the 1 $ coin costs 0.10 $ to make , but no good source . 
  i do n't know if you 're being sarcastic , but yes , it actually is . 
  the smaller euro bills typically circulate between one and four years . 
  coins last for several decades . 
  bills that small are just a giant waste of money . 
  that 's an extremely controversial proposal because it 's encouraging women not to work . 
  ( yes , i know , `` parents '' , but let 's be realistic for a moment . ), 
   keeping european culture intact . 
  if your culture gets damaged because other cultures exist , you do n't have a culture . 
  it would n't , because it does n't have anything to do with piracy . 
  he 's just saying that because he does n't know what the law actually says , just like everyone else . 
  you need to have a simple majority in both chambers and the supreme court . 
  if the supreme court does n't think the law is important enough politically , they may also look at the constitution . 
  see cases on slavery , segregation or the internment camps for japanese americans during ww2 . 
  i have a gut feeling that your gut feeling is wrong because cispa does n't have any provisions to force anyone to do anything . 
  i 'm fairly certain the article i thought of was in german , but i may be wrong . 
  anyway , it 'll do , so thank you . 
   do the german people not understand that these bail-outs are saving german banks and not greek banks ? 
  this is overly simplified and severely misrepresenting the issue , and by doing that you 're not really any better than the `` german version of fox news and right weing media '' you decry . 
  after the haircut to greek debt ( which everyone conveniently forgets about ) , the german banks are doing just fine . 
  it 's the cypriot banks that are about to fold . 
  if this wealth statistic is going to be brought up some more , i really have to look for the article taking it apart , that i read recently . 
  i 'll try to remember the main points : home ownership is included at current market values . 
  if houses are expensives or there 's a bubble in the housing market , home owners get wealthier without actually gaining anything . 
  the statistic is about average household wealth . 
  that 's a particularly fun statistic because it will actually go down as more people can afford their own place .
