  that 's not going to happen . 
  you may think that germany is overly generous because you 're apparently ( no offense ) from bumfuck nowhere , montenegro , but germany is actually spending as little as it can get away with . 
  spending less would require a referendum to replace the entire constitution with a new one that lacks the most fundamental principle of the current one , and no one is going to do that over a few refugees . 
  that 's no solution alone for the reason that there 's no chance in hell of it ever happening . 
   this will , in turn , make europe less attractive as a whole , and solve some of the problems greeks have . 
  i doubt it . 
  germany takes a lot of refugees , but it 's straight-up delusional to claim that merely lowering benefits for refugees in germany a bit will make syrians want to stay in a warzone or a massively overcrowded camp in jordan instead . 
  hell , there 's syrian refugees in iraqi kurdistan which is just barely not another warzone , and you think that europe will suddenly be unattractive if germany just gave them worse accomodations . 
   frankly speaking , we ( the germans ) could n't even if we wanted to . 
  deporting people into war areas does not only violate human rights but also our fundamental rights which cant be suspended . 
  neither can any other eu country because of the human rights convention . 
  the point is that it 's not allowed by rules we voluntarily set for ourselves because we * want * to follow them . 
  that is why `` lol do it anyway , it 's not like anyone can make us stop '' is such a ludicrous argument . 
   i was arguing that `` inhumane '' by german standards might be maximum affordable care by greece . 
  so you think there is no connection between bad conditions for refugees in greece and the current rules forcing a disproportionately large number of refugees on a country that is already on the verge of bankruptcy ? 
  okay . 
   as a matter of fact , i do . 
  first hand . 
  some of my compatriots from poorer parts of the country go and seek asylum in germany . 
  they know they will be refused , as montenegro is perfectly safe . 
  greece , montenegro , all the same , right ? 
  anyway , that says more about montenegro than it says about the level of benefits for refugees in germany . 
   the rule is that a country takes in any and every refugee that seeks asylum in it . 
  but , a country spends as much per refugee as it can afford . 
  my argument is not abou the number of people , but about money that goes into it . 
  so what you 're saying is that you do n't understand what we 're talking about . 
  we 're talking about distributing refugees around the eu , not about setting a minimum spending level per refugee . 
  you 're completely missing the point . 
   refugees will flock to germany , as their monthly allowance in germany is higher than salaries of many greeks . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   ok ... clearly you have multiple issues , and only one of them is being unable to tell figurative speech from literal one . 
  dude , you 're the one who is giving me shit for reusing your own metaphor because it was apparently meant literally when i said it . 
  go away . 
   so it 's simple . 
  greece can afford this much for refugees/migrants . 
  poland this much , etc. 
  if germany outspends them , that it 's germany 's fault that all of the migrants flock there . 
  it 's unfair to ask of poorer countries to alleviate the problem you created yourselves . 
  no , it 's not simple . 
  you pretend that the rule currently is that countries take in as much refugees as they feel they can afford , when that is blatantly untrue . 
  the current rule is that asylum claimants stay in the eu country where they 're first registered . 
  given the facts of geography , that means mostly italy and greece . 
  so no , it 's not `` greece can afford this much , poland this much , etc '' . 
  it 's `` greece can afford this much , but we 'll make them take more anyway because fuck them , i 've got mine '' . 
   that 's ... a methaphore , you do understand that right ? 
  does it mean i think germany will be literally killed , whatever that means , by this ? 
  just assume that my use of the word `` killing '' refers to the thing that you meant when you said * the exact same thing * in the comment that directly preceded mine and shut the fuck up . 
  if you think that what * you yourself * said is a poor choice of words , then do n't talk to me - go the fuck away and yell at a mirror . 
   right now that 's not what 's happening . 
  right now we 're letting everyone in no , we do n't . 
   so i 'm for redistribution , provided we establish :  * refugees ca n't get a right of permanent stay , and must return home once the situation has stabilized ( from there they can apply to come to europe as economic migrants , and of course they 'll be advantaged because they 'll have learned the language etc. ), 
   * refugees ca n't get citizenship while they are refugees  * economic immigrants can only come on the basis of what europe needs  * everyone who is n't here according to the above criteria must be repatriated  if we establish this , then i 'm all for spreading the load . 
  as far as i know , all of those things are currently for each member state to decide . 
   where did i ever say that ? 
  here , genius :  following its suicide pact that 's what `` suicide '' means . 
  use simpler words if you have trouble understanding your own comments . 
   germany can take as many as it wants , its the crying that others are n't following its suicide pact that is annoying . 
  you think not distributing refugees is killing germany ? 
  you have no clue , do you ? 
  the dublin rules are n't killing germany . 
  they 're killing the countries where the refugees arrive . 
  have you ever seen a map of europe ? 
  it 's not going to be us . 
  it 's going to be the countries where the refugees arrive , because those have no choice but to accept them . 
  let me explain what this `` reckless behaviour '' means : these people are legitimate refugees from a warzone . 
  there is no way they 'll be sent back there by any eu country . 
  that 's literally illegal under existing laws . 
  distribute them or not , they * will * get asylum in the eu . 
  this is n't about accepting them as refugees or not , this is solely and exclusively about * who * will take care of them . 
  * that * they will be accepted is * a given * by existing treaties . 
  the only thing this changes is that germany will take more of them instead of forcing border nations like greece and italy to shoulder the entire burden of the human rights charter we all agreed to uphold . 
  this is about refugees . 
  no one is talking about `` immigrating to europe '' . 
  that 's why we 're sending you back all of the ten thousand serbs that claimed asylum in germany this year . 
   refugees will accept any country that protects them , economic migrants want uk and germany . 
  germany does n't grant asylum to economic migrants . 
   are we just keep going to let everyone in we 're not letting everyone in as it is . 
  your question is based on a blatant falsehood . 
  what `` recent announcement '' ? 
  germany has always taken in refugees from warzones . 
  as if other countries do n't also have citizens of their own . 
  france takes disproprtionately few refugees . 
  frankly speaking , the reason why we do n't piss on human rights is n't because we 're not allowed to . 
  i honestly ca n't fathom how people can look at a situation where refugees are provided housing while homeless people freeze to death in the streets , and come to the conclusion that in the name of fairness the refugees should freeze to death too . 
  why are you railing against housing for immigrants instead of being outraged about the lack of housing for the homeless ? 
   it was a was a terrible regulation full of holes that would permit precisely this kind of behaviour . 
  as opposed to the no-regulation-at-all that it replaced , that would also permit precisely this kind of behaviour , along with every other kind of behaviour . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
   about as qualified as you are , random redditor . 
  i 'm not the one running around claiming germany wanted to close its border or started the war in syria . 
  both of those things are blatantly false , which makes you either uninformed or a liar . 
  you tell me whether i was wrong to assume that you 're simply ignorant . 
   your/the does it really make a difference . 
  it does n't really say anything about the argument , but it says something about you that you needed to be told twice because you assumed that i was trying to pull non-existant rank on you the first time . 
   i do n't know why this law was removed in the first place . 
  of course you do n't . 
  that 's pretty much what i said . 
  you have no clue what the law is and do n't know the first thing about the legal framwork you live in , not even the most fundamental human rights , yet somehow you 're old enough to be allowed on the internet by yourself . 
  it 's mind-boggling that i 'm still told that the refugees were the danger to european values .
