  but i 'm glad that the common denominator of every single discussion about anarchism and communism is continued here , namely that no one will ever agree on what it is . 
   anarchism is communism . 
  yeah ... no . 
  that 's what makes it easy . 
  anyone can say they 're gay , and there 's really no way to disprove it . 
   it means that the oppressed people around the world see our countries as the primary forces of freedom and the guardians of human rights . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  we are rich and can be reached from the main countries of origin using nothing but cars or small boats . 
  germany also rejects most applications . 
   afirejar : why did you open the question of the greek bailouts ? 
  this is entirely different from claims . 
  yes , it 's just a coincidence that the question if reparations starts popping up seven decades after the war just now . 
  no connection whatsoever . 
  biased ? 
  they can demand reparations as much as they want , but that does n't mean that we automagically owe them money . 
  that 's just not how the world works . 
  it just is n't . 
  oh , and for the record - if the greek 's way of thanking us for the bailouts and debt cuts is to come up with spurious demands for billions of euros , then i 'm all for canceling the whole bailouts , demand every cent of greek debt back without any cuts or reductions , and just let the whole greek state crash and burn . 
  ( * that * was biased . ), 
  the funniest thing about those guys is that i 've seen plenty of ( terrible ) arguments about why the reich still exists , but never any why they are supposed to be its government . 
  the newest spiel is that the federal republic of germany is a limited company and every citizen an employee , based mainly on a failure to understand what the word `` personal '' means . 
  you 'd be surprised about how many people have no idea about this . 
   he third reich made this transaction , and it got destroyed a few years later , sorry . 
  not true , the third reich was never really destroyed . 
  contemporary germany is not just a successor state to 1940s germany . 
  legally , the federal republic of germany * is * the third reich . 
   the germans owe several billions to greece no , we do n't . 
  some greeks feel that we owe them several billions . 
  that 's not even close to the same thing . 
   think about it : financial institutions are transmitting commands to government . 
  yes , ` financial institutions ' , because that 's what the imf is . 
  i guess this impressive display of your complete grasp of the situation is a fitting conclusion to this discussion . 
   the euro will not surive because the eu is not a optimal currency area fun fact : neither is the us . 
  yes , because the imf members like to piss away money because it 's * so much fun * . 
  they also love to impose austerity for no reason because they 're cartoon villains . 
  if you do n't leave the country often , you can set most phones to only use one specific network . 
  this will get rid of those messages and accidential roaming . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and call this complete non-sequitur a resounding big fat ' * no , but no way am i going to admit it * ' . 
  agricultural companies do n't and ca n't claim ownership of existing plants . 
   you must be kidding !, 
  look , gmo info must be available . 
  we need a trail of where it comes from and where it ends up . 
  there can simply be no argument against gmo labelling . 
  why ? 
  and do n't even bother to give me that ` unforeseeable consequences ' crap . 
   also , not only do i not want to try and grow monsanto 's gm corn , if i find any of it having infected any one of my fields , i 'm the one doing the suing . 
  yeah , that makes sense because they put it there . 
  good luck with that . 
   there are even plans to ban growing any non-registered seeds . 
  is this like the `` plan '' to ban herbal medicine ? 
   it 's broking an economical model ( farmer plant seeds , gets more seeds , use parts of the gained seeds to plant next year ) . 
  it 's creating a dependency of the farmers towards the gmo corporations ( by not allowing farmer to use the seeds they harvest and forcing them to buy seeds every years to the gmo corp at the price the gmo corp sees fits ) . 
  most farmers do n't reuse seed anyway . 
   what if the patented gmo seed gets unwillingly crossed with non-gmo seed ? 
  do the corporation get a fee from the farmer who did n't try to get gmo on his field ? 
  is the farmer allowed to get his seed and plant it next year ? 
  i 'd file that under ` dubious claims ' . 
  that 's an unanswered question because no gmo corporation ever tried to have a court answer it . 
  it 's a completely imaginary issue . 
  not really common . 
  for general usage these denominations are impractically large , atms usually do n't dispense them and a lot of places do n't even accept them for fear of counterfeiting . 
  it 's something you use if you want to pay large sums in cash , e.g. 
  for a car , or other large money transfers where people from other countries would have used a check instead . 
  i suspect it might be possible that they were created for our benefit , because we used to have 1000dm ( ~ 500 $ ) and 500dm ( ~ 250 $ ) bills before the euro . 
  on that note , the first time i 've seen a check since i was a little kid was on a trip to france ( ca. 2003 ) . 
  an old man used one to pay at a carrefour near montpellier . 
  i guess that 's sufficient to show how unusual it is for a german to see someone pay with a check . 
  france has a quite comprehensive surveillance program that is easily on par with prism as far as capture of metadata in its target area is concerned . 
  what the bnd does is not entirely clear , but i would n't put it past them . 
  i would love to see a common european defense . 
  i would hate to see a european intelligence agency . 
  this seems more like the latter . 
   german speakers in alto adige/s \u00fcdtirol that 's not a particularly happy story , nor a good example to show how european integration can work . 
   we do n't speak the same language as a bavarian , i can confirm this . 
   as per zbigniew brzezinski 's strategy to surround russia . 
  you know how crazy it sounds when you blame the eoc 's 2010s actions on a 1980s us cold war advisor 's policy that was meant to contain a country that does n't exist anymore , right ? 
  or how crazy the idea of ` surrounding russia ' is by itself ? 
   what an empty , sensationalist comment . 
  they were allowed to protest unimpeded . 
  why the outrage ? 
  well , reporting on the matter is still escalating . 
  just two days ago , the police had been at his door last wednesday . 
  now , it was germany 's domestic intelligence agency . 
  who knows who will have been at his door next week . 
  at this rate , he may very well have been arrested or worse . 
  economics and ( especially for alcohol and tobacco ) taxes . 
   germany has great beer as well , but its not always cheap . 
  we also have cheap beer , but it 's generally not exactly great . 
   you ca n't accidentally make methanol . 
  sure you can . 
  i live near the czech border , and i 've never heard of anyone driving over to buy alcohol . 
  ( cigarettes is another matter . ), 
  and that 's even before the czech republic banned the sale of hard licquor last year because dozens of people got methanol poisoning from bootleg alcohol . 
  in germany it 's even possible ( but very rare ) to be a member of both the federal parliament and a state parliament , and not all that uncommon to be a member of the federal ( or a state ) parliament and also a mayor or member of a city council . 
  if there are any restrictions , i 'm not aware of them . 
   pop out little niglets really ? 
   being against mass immigration does n't make you nazi . 
  there 's being against mass immigration , and then there 's being against mass immigration because you see it as a scheme to commit genocide against the white race . 
  this article is bullshit . 
  eurogendfor is not private , it 's not an army , it 's not secret , it is n't even `` of the eu '' .
