  `` stop making us make ourselves look bad . '', 
  since when are these people french , greek , turks or hungarians ? 
  these attempts at redefining words are pathetic . 
  if you feel ashamed about not wanting to take in refugees , then shut up and think about why that is . 
   which is none of them . 
  nobody from syria or libya arrives first in the netherlands . 
  you said `` any '' , i told you why that was wrong . 
  now go away . 
   if we want to go off regulations , netherlands has no problem as it does n't have to take in any . 
  i already told you that that was wrong . 
  also you 'd maybe see the problem with the current rules if you stopped being such an egotistical jackass . 
  of course * the netherlands * do n't have a problem . 
  maybe , just maybe , this is n't about your problems . 
   there is nothing eu level for migrant quotas . 
  i never said there was . 
  you however said that `` germany decided on its own that the eu would take on all these asylum seekers '' , which is just blatantly false any way you look at it . 
  there are eu directives that set minimum standards for granting asylum , and there 's an eu directive for who takes whom , so it 's just flat out wrong to say that there is n't an agreement . 
  it 's just not a very good one because it fucks over greece and italy . 
   per eu regulations , the netherlands does n't have to take in any asylum seekers . 
  the netherlands have to take in any and all asylum seekers that arrive first in the netherlands and meet the criteria set out by the eu for granting asylum . 
   there is n't an agreement here though . 
  germany decided on its own that the eu would take on all these asylum seekers . 
  what a load of crap . 
  there 's all kinds of eu-level regulations for taking in refugees and granting asylum . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   to scream racism and xenophobia the minute we question their motives is not going to move things forward do you have a reason to question their motives that is n't racism and xenophobia ? 
   how is germany helping by telling every syrian that they can come freely to germany because current regulations would force greece and italy to take in almost all syrian refugees . 
  you guys need to stop with the `` stiffen the rules '' shit . 
  these people are n't `` economic migrants '' , they come straight from a warzone . 
  there is no scenario where they 're not getting asylum somewhere in the eu . 
  except that germany used to send all of those back . 
  pretty sure that 's officially called the `` i 'm a dumbass for thinking that syrian refugees who flee the syrian civil war in syria are somehow actually fleeing turkey '' fallacy . 
  also known as the `` i do n't want to accept any refugees for any reason but am too much of a coward to admit it '' fallacy . 
  it 's called the nirvana fallacy . 
  `` it 's not perfect and flawless , therefore it 's bullshit . '', 
  that 's not the definition of the un , that 's the definition that european right-wingers would like to see used because it conveniently makes it impossible for anyone to be considered a refugee in the eu . 
  that `` safe country '' stuff is n't a thing . 
  it 's a lie you 're being fed to rile you up against refugees . 
   and it is not that people should fear for the annihilation of europe just now , but for the institutes we hold dear : the welfare state , our tolerance of other people and the fact that gays , jews and women are not seen as second class citizens by a a significant margin of society . 
  i 'm sure the true danger to those values are the immigrants and not the shitton of europeans who spread hate against muslims and non-europeans in the name of `` preserving '' them . 
  that 's what 's baffling about these discussions - you see the refugee in the shelter doing nothing and the nazi outside burning it down while proclaiming that those non-europeans are all rapists and criminals , and you actually have the gall to tell me that it 's the refugee who endangers the values we hold dear . 
  he 's making up conspiracy theories about why labor and the greens would say something they did n't actually believe because he ca n't comprehend that people could honestly have a different opinion than him . 
  the better question is why people chose to bring up this type of propaganda constantly even though they know fully well that economic migrants are n't granted asylum . 
  of course the answer to that question is as obvious as the answer to the one you posed . 
  given the amount of hatemongers who categorically deny the entire concept of refugees , even when talking about people who are fleeing a literal warzone , i think that openly calling refugees refugees is definitely a first step . 
   and a really ugly one cement one at that . 
  i thought the bench was n't that bad ( or would n't be if it was placed somewhere else ) . 
  did you scroll down to the actual photo ? 
  because the horrible one at the top ( that is also the thumbnail on reddit ) is actually just a stock photo . 
  you 're deliberately ignoring that they already did n't have any money at the start of the crisis . 
  in fact , that 's what the crisis is . 
   how can anyone believe it is a good idea to stuff 71 people in a goddam refrigeration truck ? 
  police are seeing 50 people in a ford transit on a daily basis . 
  think about that for a minute . 
  well , it 's really moot since you die either way , but from googling it seems that replacing oxygen with carbon dioxide 1:1 will cause death from carbon dioxide poisoning a fair bit before the lack of oxygen becomes lethal by itself . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you . 
  you 've already decided that these people are terrorists based on nothing but the general existence of terrorists . 
  you 're only a hair away from deciding that i 'm a nazi based on the existence of nazis . 
  you 're like the people in america who locked the japanese into camps . 
  there 's no talking to people like you . 
   you are going to fuck us over , that 's just a fact . 
  no , that 's your hate-fueled opinion . 
  this discussion is over anyway . 
  do you want to know why ? 
  because there 's no way you can have an honest discussion with the kind of grudge-holding hatemongering bigot that would bring up the fucking habsburg monarchs in 2015 . 
  as far as taking in refugees in general goes : you 'd think that a croatian would be more understanding , but apparently not . 
  i guess your memory does n't go back very far if it 's not about the evils of long-defunct monarchies . 
   secondly , you wanting to kick out people and dump them on us tells me i should expect getting fucked over because this is n't the first or second or third time germans have `` insisted on the distribution of non slavic peoples on slavic lands '' we know how this ends because we 've seen it happen when the habsburg 's and hohenzollern 's were in charge and you 'll forgive me for not exactly having faith that `` this time will be different '' so what you 're saying is that you do n't want this because you hate germany as a country and will oppose every german proposal out of principle . 
  well thanks for having this discussion , and thanks for proving again that this is totally about reasonable positions and not merely about ** close-minded xenophobic bigots being once-again racist as fuck ** . 
  let me be blunt : your argument against this are events that happened before you , me or anyone else who is involved in this was alive . 
  events that happened before your birth , and with a very high chance before the birth of anyone you know . 
  you 're coming here in the 21st century and want to discuss politics while ranting about the kaiser . 
  you 're truly a moron . 
   and i think migrants who are doing selfies with their iphones the moment they are rescued are proving my point . 
  how the fuck is their having iphones supposed to prove that they 're economic migrants and not refugees ? 
  should n't it be exactly the opposite ? 
  i 'm sorry , i give up . 
  i really do n't know what goes on in your head . 
  ca n't reason someone out of a position they did n't reason themselves into . 
   rather have european migrants , than african/middle-eastern blue collar workers ( assuming they work ) . 
  by the way , thank you for openly saying that you 'd rather have obvious economic migrants from a european country than refugees from the middle-east . 
  i 'll keep that in mind if you ever try to lie again that this is about you merely not wanting `` economic migrants '' . 
    i worked for an mp in afghanistan . 
   what is wrong with turkey or china which borders his country ? 
  i 'd give you bonus points for knowing that there is indeed a tiny strip of land where afghanistan borders on china , but i 'll have to deduct them beacuse no , afghanistan is n't next to turkey . 
  there is indeed more than one country where shit is fucked up right now . 
   i mean i agree that we should n't show the door to the people whose lives are actually in danger in these countries , but come on , these are rare cases . 
  most of them are economic migrants who want welfare . 
   most of them are economic migrants who want welfare . 
  fun fact , that i really really love to repeat : most of the economic migrants that come to germany are from within europe . 
  there 's also a good amount of ignorance and/or cognitive dissonance involved in declaring `` those africans coming here are all economic migrants , it 's a complete coincidence that they 're all from the same tiny dictatorship with a horrid human rights record '' . 
   every immigrant deemed to risky these are refugees , not terrorists . 
  none of this is about it being risky to have those people around . 
  take your hatemongering somewhere else . 
  `` some country that they have no connection to whatsoever other than having been there for a short while some time ago '' is pretty random when it comes to deportations . 
   can a state discriminate against someone that it 's not a citizen ? 
  yes . 
  obviously . 
  what kind of fucked up ultra-narrow definition of `` discriminate '' do you use ? 
   does that even makes sense ?
