  i did n't say they could . 
  i said it 's completely disingenious to say `` they should have asked at the border checkpoint '' when you * know * how that would have ended . 
  you can basically hear the spiteful misanthropic `` huehuehue '' at the end of that sentence . 
   and hungary has every right to not give them asylum if it dos n't want too , if they ca n't handle that then too bad . 
  yeah , `` too bad '' , and still you fault those people for not asking for asylum in hungary . 
  spoken like a true sociopath . 
   but then the economic argument that the peorple on the move ( i am intentionally neither using migrant/refugee here ) will be a blessing for i.e. 
  germany 's industry/economy is also dishonest . 
  you say `` but then '' as if you honestly believed that what you said was in any way connected to what i said . 
   it also turned out that not the majority of syrians reaching germany are phds in nuclear physics , engineering or physicians , as the media was saying through out the summer . 
  no one ever said that . 
  not even if you take out the ludicrous hyperbole we 've all come to know and love in these discussions . 
   if they are arguing about taking in refugees , then they should do so on moral principles it 's called a `` counterargument '' . 
  it does n't matter what you think the economic effect of taking in those refugees will be - in any case it 's completely disingenious to see people constantly scream that the sky is falling , and then say that no one should contradict them because people should only argue for taking in refugees `` on moral principles '' . 
  do n't be such a moron . 
   when they enter hungary legally , they are free to go to germany no ? 
   also just because hungary dismisses their asylum , dos n't mean they can just ravage the border and break in . 
  it 's also completely disingenious to say `` well , they should have asked for asylum at the border '' when we * know * how pointless that is . 
  i 'd also like to point out that your choice of words is completely ridiculous . 
   it 's like asking a girl on a date , and she says no within miniutes ... you can just rape her then ? 
  if that 's the level you want to discuss this on , then do n't bother to reply . 
  that 's not even remotely similar and you know it , so fuck off . 
   i think a lot of people and especially the news . 
  needs to understand the difference between , refugee and migrant . 
  i think a lot of people , and especially those opposing taking in refugees , need to understand that there is a near universal consensus that economic migrants should n't get asylum , and they do n't . 
  the discussion about whether to accept people or not is * never * about economic migrants . 
  if all people wanted was for economic migrants to not get asylum , then they 'd shut the fuck up and go away because that 's what we do , what we have always done , and what we 're going to keep doing . 
  that 's a completely dishonest way to frame this issue . 
   if refugees passed through border checkpoints like they should and they asked for asylum , they would n't be arrested [ if conditions for refugees in hungary were n't so terrible that it 's illegal for germany to deport anyone there ] ( http://www.proasyl.de/de/news/detail/news/systemische_maengel_gericht_stoppt_abschiebung_von_fluechtling_nach_ungarn/ ) and [ if asking for asylum in hungary was n't completely pointless ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/16/hungary-dismisses-refugee-asylum-requests-within-minutes ) , then maybe less people would try to cross illegally . 
  do you know how much adblock the adblock-blocker would block if the adblock-blocker could block ad-block blocks on this adblock-blocking blocker ? 
   translation : you do n't care about facts yeah , that 's what i meant when i said that i gain nothing by watching this if i have to assume that it 's all a bunch of lies - that i do n't care about the facts . 
  people who care about the facts blindly gobble up the obviously shady propaganda channel . 
  / s  but you are occupied with portraying yourself as politically correct . 
  yes , i do n't watch youtube channels that give a platform to any dumb shit because i 'm concerned with `` political correctness '' . 
  that must be it . 
  everyone who does n't watch racist conspiratard shit by neonazis only does it for appearances and would secretly love to watch that . 
  just go away . 
  i hear / r/european is a very nice place for people who ca n't bear different opinions . 
   i did n't bother checking the channel , because i care about what that video said , not about the persons around it . 
  if it 's pushed by a former kkk leader , known conspiratard and neonazi , then that means that i ca n't trust anything it says . 
  if i ca n't trust anything it says , then what could i possibly gain in watching it ? 
  i do n't care about knowing what the video says for the sake of knowing what this particular video says . 
  yeah , no one should tell women what to wear !, 
  that 's why we should force them to wear the clothes we want them to wear !, 
  i think it just generally does n't work . 
  at least it does n't block me . 
  i 'm sure that 's the only way it would be used . 
  * may be * what he was trying to say ? 
  do you mean to tell me that there are people who take `` the death penalty does n't deter crime '' to mean `` compared to no punishment whatsoever '' ? 
  yes , and when you find out , you release them . 
  i 'll let you figure out the difference between someone wrongfully imprisoned and someone wrongfully executed . 
   it is also useful as a bargaining tool . 
  imagine someone who is a danger to society but has valuable information for the police . 
  it may not be possible to give him a reduced sentence , but taking the death penalty off the table in return for information is valuable . 
  funny how people view things differently . 
  `` confess and we wo n't try to kill you '' sounds like a massive argument * against * the death penalty . 
   if it 's got 15 upvotes , it 's not a shitpost yeah , no way / r/europe would upvote a low-effort shitpost anyway despite contributing nothing and only serving to poison the conversation , just because it feeds into the rabid anti-german sentiment . 
  that never happens . 
  in unrelated news , a bit below is a post at +5 that says that hollande has a punchable face . 
   the criticism is that they can push decisions alone if it 's already too much that countries can propose things on their own , then please explain to me how the fuck you think things should work . 
  because those opinions sure do sound like a thinly veiled `` i 'm not going to be content unless the eu is paralyzed and incapable of ever accomplishing anything '' . 
   yes genius , that 's how it works . 
  of course not . 
  only people that say things you like get to blankly assert things without evidence . 
  everyone else needs to provide a thirty-page essay in triplicate . 
   that 's why germany has deported just about 10,000 so far this year , which is a pretty ridiculous number when more than 1.5 millions are expected ... because when more asylum seekers come to a country , more people will have been deported before . 
  that 's how causality works in this universe . 
  it 's happened . 
  i do n't know about austria , but i have heard about cases in germany and denmark . 
  as a bonus , did you hear how the german government estimates that 30 % of syrian refugees are fake and just falsely claiming to be syrian ? 
  [ turns out that 's based on nothing . 
  the government does n't even collect statistics on that . 
  what they do have is the number of fake passports they caught , which is barely over a hundred . 
  bonus bonus tidbit you also never hear anywhere : four out of five persons frontex caught using fake syrian passports actually were syrian . 
  turns out that getting a passport is n't as easy in a warzone . 
  in absolute numbers , that 's about 140 real syrians and about 35 fake syrians . 
  there are no and have never been `` 200 saudi mosques '' . 
  that has always been a hoax . 
  the `` 200 saudi mosques '' says fuck-all about germany , but it says a lot about modern journalism . 
  the media just took the baseless claims of some lebanese newspaper and ran with them without bothering to ask either government or at least publishing a correction when it turned out to be bullshit . 
   since when does the leader of one european country has the right to tell 27 other countries what they must and must n't do ? 
  easy and obvious answer : she does n't . 
  no leader of any one country can tell the other 27 what to do . 
  now stop being such a gullible moron and actually think about what that means . 
  it was n't one country that said there will be mandatory distribution quotas . 
  it was twenty-four , and bulgaria was one of them . 
   for her fucking stupid comments which basically caused the current crisis . 
  oh the irony . 
   now let 's think for a while : when people say they are against muslims [ in europe ] , i think it is reasonable to assume that the word `` muslims '' here does not refer to muslims who are the equivalent of moderate christians or jews i think it 's reasonable to assume that people mean what they say . 
   righfully so , but in absolute level this only concerns citizens & residents . 
  that is simply flat-out wrong . 
  what you 're `` forgetting '' is that ethnicities do n't have capitals . 
  london is n't the capital of the ethnicity of native brits , because that 's not a thing . 
  if you were n't speaking about nationality , as you suddenly claim , you have to concede that talking about the `` capital '' in that context does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  hey , you 're the one who is complaining that an arbitrary subgroup of brits is n't the majority in the capital of all brits . 
   the bavarian capital of berlin . 
  ok . berlin is in fact the capital of germany . 
  did you not know that ? 
   fluffed up to disguise the fact that it has no power and no voice oh , it has no power and no voice ? 
  is that why the eu parliament has to consent to pretty much everything that happens on the eu level ?
