  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biblical_canon ), 
   i do n't know a single person who takes word for word the old or the new testament . 
  i do n't personally know any islamist extremists . 
  i guess that must mean that both groups do n't exist . 
   christians today , you should agree the keyword is ** today ** . 
  it 's complete idiocy to take the behavior of a few people today , ignore all of history , and pretend that that 's somehow inherent to the religion , which is what an absolute fuckton of people are doing right now . 
   i would imagine the money is forefeit in favor of the european union who does what with it ? 
   or further redistributed to other countries when the next round of funding happens . 
  which other countries ? 
  according to you , almost everyone is a net contributor every single year . 
  no one ever gets a net payout . 
   though i do not know what exactly happens with the money , bottom line is that the country in question can no longer access these funds . 
  bottom line is that i do n't even need to know how the statistics work exactly to recognize that your hypothesis does n't add up . 
  it 's impossible that everyone is a net contributor . 
  you do n't get it . 
  when * almost everyone * is supposedly a net contributor , where does the money go . 
  you do n't believe that it 's spent and it obviously does n't pile up , so where is it . 
   in practice that means that even though slovakia can in theory use up to 4 bln eur , but they can not use all 4 bln on projects they would probably like them to the statistic is based on actual payout , not potential maximum payout , . 
   so yes , saying there is n't a single net contributor in eastern europe is correct . 
  claiming that eastern europe receives more money from the eu than it gives back , is - however - not . 
  i 'm curious where you think the eu money actually goes if you believe that the vast majority of net recipients are actually net contributors . 
   oh , and btw , oh , great knower of things , it was established for dubin ii , not iii . 
  you 're not in any position to spout pedantic comments , guy who just asked for a source that something like it exists at all . 
  you 're also wrong , it was established to facilitate the implementation of dublin i and predates dublin ii by several years . 
  20k civilian deaths seems too low , but i ca n't find any reliable numbers to dispute it . 
  in any case , your number for 9/11 is three times the actual death toll . 
  i 'm not going to have a discussion about refugee quotas in the eu with someone who does n't even know what dublin iii is . 
  go away and at least learn about the basics . 
   ou yeah thats the little dirty secret you didnt mention . 
  countries like cz pl sk pay about as much into eu as they recieve that 's a lie . 
  if i see one more apathetic armchair politician whine about how it 's all the eu 's fault that his own country is shit because they do n't fix it for them , i 'm going to vomit . 
   also its fairy tale that ee countries aside of poor like bulgaria or romania are profiting of eu funds . 
  its more like slovakia gets 4b from eu and gives 3b , but in end since paperwork wont get accepted on most projects eu gives 2b and slovakia gives 3b are you implying that slovakia is a net contributor ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  the numbers are n't secret , you know . 
  there is n't a single net contributor in all of eastern europe . 
  what 's your point ? 
  `` they '' are bad , and that 's why we should do what `` they '' do ? 
  a lot of people here seem to be new to this whole `` moral '' and `` ethics '' thing . 
  there already is eu wide registration . 
  we do n't need to build it . 
  it exists . 
  germany could have just taken everyone in while all of eastern europe sits by and watches . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  is that a serious argument in france ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  in germany , the government assumes that you need a certain amount to live , so income up to that amount is tax-free because you need all of it to live . 
  same premise , completely different conclusion . 
  do you think the guy whose house is getting burned down gives a shit about which army the guys doing the burning belong to ? 
  under the 1993 compromise the german basic law was amended to this effect : you sound almost as if you think that this has any connection whatsoever to my comment , which was about the definition of `` refugee '' and not about who has or has n't a right to asylum in germany . 
   once people leave refugee camps they in order to go to a `` better country '' they should no longer be considered refugees but illegal migrants instead . 
  well , they are n't . 
  unfortunately for you , we 're going to follow the law that we have and not the law that you would like to have . 
   yes we do . 
  too many people on the pro-immigration side are abusing the definition to prevent any sort of sane policy . 
  by `` abusing the definition '' you mean `` knowing what it is '' ? 
   morally entitled sure . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  i 'm sure randomly seizing foreigner 's property because they feel `` morally entitled '' to it totally wo n't blow up in their faces . 
  eastern europe has such a strong economy that they 'll do perfectly fine outside the eu , under economic sanctions , and without any outside investors . 
  and by `` competent enough '' you of course mean that germany could have just taken everyone in while polands sits by and watches . 
   sure , if you agree that eastern europe can expropriate german-owned factories in their territory in retaliation . 
  oh , the entitlement . 
  please keep on talking about how eastern europe literally owns our money . 
  i 'm sure that will get germans on their side . 
  now whose fault is that ? 
  sorry , you ca n't have your cake and eat it . 
  woosh . 
  the details change , but war has been war for a long time . 
  we have no obligation to `` fix '' the civil war , but it 's patently untrue that we do n't have an obligation to the refugees that come here . 
  that 's a very strong incentive . 
  `` fix '' the civil war in syria ? 
  good luck with that . 
  you 'd need to fix iraq too , and what happens there is the direct result of the last attempt to fix iraq . 
  if you know something everyone else does n't , then speak up . 
  the way it 's used in this discussion , `` fix the root of the problem '' is not a proposal for a course of action , it 's an excuse to get out of doing anything . 
   i do n't mean to be an ass but basic logic provides this . 
  if they were refugees they would stop where they are safe from war then do n't be one . 
  i ca n't believe that anyone in their right mind would truly believe `` if they really were refugees , they 'd stay in an overcrowded , overwhelmed and underfunded camp in lebanon '' . 
  that just screams `` dishonest as fuck '' . 
  besides , no one cares about what you think . 
  we do n't need to debate on who is and is n't a refugee - the world has already agreed on a definition of `` refugee '' decades ago . 
  trying to redefine words because you do n't like the implications of their real meaning also screams `` dishonest as fuck '' . 
   germany should take responsibility because its the one that started all this nonsense . 
  there 's a civil war going on in syria . 
  you might want to read up on it . 
  the german constitution also says that i get to shoot people that attempt to do that , if that 's the only way to stop them . 
  germany ca n't change its constitution in such a way as to allow deportation of refugees to unsafe countries . 
  after the reichstag voted away every right in the 1930s , it was explicitly set up so that could never happen again . 
    we 're talking about refugees here . 
   but they are not though . 
  yes . 
  they are . 
  refugee status is n't dependent on how long you imagine them to stay . 
   the only reason it wo n't happen to syrians is that germany stated it wants to take all of them in . 
  that 's a lie . 
  you should know that by now . 
   once leaving syria they stopped fleeing from syria . 
  they 're still refugees . 
   you ca n't cry persecution by assad or is in fucking serbia , or greece even .
