  if the economy tanks and your newly unemployed kid has to move back in with you because he ca n't pay his rent , the average household wealth of your households just doubled . 
  the statistic adds in private retirement investments . 
  it does n't add claims to retirement benefits from the public social system . 
  basically , if your country makes you put money towards a private retirement investment instead of paying into a public retirement insurance , you 're wealthier . 
  bottom line : you ca n't really compare countries based on these numbers . 
  i saw it on twitter just yesterday . 
  this is my [ source ] ( http://andreaskemper.wordpress.com/2013/04/15/afd-wahlrecht-fur-arbeitslose-abschaffen/ ) ( german ) on the voting stuff . 
  the article about tuition and retirement and unemployment benefits made it to wikiquote ( german ) . 
   it 's really difficult to say where exactly , but they 'll probably end up somewhere on the right while avoiding extremes . 
  as of now , they are a single-issue party , hilarity will ensue once they 'll have to answer questions about where they stand on other issues . 
  this is the ` dirt ' i was alluding to in another comment . 
  their chairman konrad adam wrote an editorial a few years ago about the welfare state in * die welt * , coming out pretty strongly against retirement benefits , unemployment benefits and free tuition at public universities . 
   everyone should ask all unemployed , all retired people and all students by what right they just assume that you should pay for their livelihood or their education . 
  at another occasion he wrote in favor of denying unemployed people the right to vote . 
  a member of their scientific council also supported the idea of not allowing unemployed people to run in an election ` to protect the elite ' . 
  it 's hardly an accident that those people are at the top . 
  if they actually manage to get popular the other parties will have a field day with the attack on retirement benefits . 
  they also posted the slogan `` classical education instead of multicultural reeducation '' ( rough translation ) on facebook . 
  this choice of words is usually associated with the extreme right . 
  that 's something i 'd expect neo-nazis to write . 
  currently , they 're not polling high enough to be listed separately . 
  ( they 're listed as part of the 3 % `` others '' , with 5 % needed to get into parliament . ), 
  i do n't expect this to rise significantly for long , because apparently there 's some ` dirt ' out there on the party leadership that has n't warranted paying attention to so far . 
  ( their platform has a suspicious lack of a social program , and the ideas of the party leadership will probably not be that popular . ), 
  refresh my memory from three comments above : did blair get reelected after that ? 
  protests do n't mean that you 're many , they mean that you 're loud . 
  of course it was . 
  these reports are nothing like congress bills . 
  if it just said `` reports '' people might realize that these things are n't legislation and do n't actually do anything . 
  i would n't know . 
  i 'm not even sure about german views on this because i suspect my rural middle class background put me in a filter bubble . 
  it just seems like something that would likely skew the result . 
  ( note that i said ` skew ' , not ` explain all of it ' . ), 
  the problem with household income as a metric is that it favors large households and gets worse as more people are able or willing to afford their own place . 
  single moms that can still afford their own place instead of living in their parent 's household is the worst thing you can have for this statistic . 
  i also get the impression that the us stigmatizes living with your parents more than other countries . 
  i wonder if that has any effect on that statistic . 
   yes , we have gang-bangers , but they are mostly uneducated , unemployed dickheads i thought uneducated , unemployed dickheads was the main demographic of gang members everywhere . 
  this wo n't lead to reform . 
  here 's what 's going to happen : police will open an investigation , and in a few months that investigation will be closed without having gone anywhere . 
  no one will ever speak of it again except maybe as evidence that the law does n't need reforming . 
  calling it now . 
  i do n't think there 's any chance of that happening until the cyprus matter is settled . 
   and we already have 1000s of years of history . 
  i think it would be kind of hard to melt cultures together who were separated for so long . 
  150 years ago germany was splintered into two dozen miniature countries engaged in war . 
  200 years ago greece did n't exist , its territory being part of the ottoman empire . 
  1200 years ago what is now france , germany , belgium , the netherlands and half of italy were all part of the frankish empire under charlemagne . 
  up until about 600 years ago spain was at least split in two . 
  we like to think that the current nations are natural divisions . 
  they are n't . 
  they 're actually pretty arbitrary and have been changing constantly . 
   german federation consists of duchies that used to be independent or semi-independent for hundreds of years . 
  in that context i 'd like to point to the giant list of belligerents of the [ austro-prussian war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-prussian_war ) , which basically boils down to two dozen parts of germany fighting each other less than 150 years ago . 
   it 's dog eat dog situation in much of the world , and one must adjust his stance to the circumstances . 
  if we do n't , we 'll be walked over , and destroyed by our own naivety . 
  yes , it 's a `` dog eat dog '' situation in much of the world , and i 'm truly thankful that people like you look at that situation and say `` that 's what i want here - i want no rights and i want a government that murders people '' . 
  truly i am . 
   in order to have values to protect , one must survive . 
  one must also have values . 
  you argue for survival , but you also argue for not having values . 
  advocating that the guvernment should murder people is n't `` compromising '' - that 's throwing our values away wholesale . 
  you ca n't protect something by destroying it . 
  that 's not how `` protecting things '' works . 
  yes , maybe we will just vote someone in who will find a final solution to the refugee problem . 
  i 'm sure there 's no way that telling the government that it should just kill anyone it finds inconvenient can backfire . 
  or - get this - we can also not murder people . 
  that is actually an option . 
  you know what ? 
  everyone always whines that people are called fascists and nazis to silence them and shut down discussion , yet here i am in the resulting `` discussion '' about whether governments murdering people is a bad thing . 
  fuck it , i 'm going back to calling every fascist a fascist . 
  this is an answered question , and i 'm not having a discussion about it as if there was more than one legitimate answer to that question . 
   the local government in tripoli is n't going to arrest a guy like this with a security detail and potentially trigger a clan war , so it has to be done by outsiders . 
  it did n't `` have to be done '' at all . 
  the fact that this subreddit is leaps and bounds more far-right than anything i see in real life makes me suspicious , but you do n't see me running around making accusations . 
  doubt or no doubt , we all know what this subreddit looks like . 
  to put it more bluntly : if this stuff gets censored , as people claim it is , * then why is there so much of it everywhere you look , including this very submission * ? 
  so he 's more active than the other mods . 
  that 's all that statistic says . 
  is there any point to this ? 
   but since the election was held on 13.9.15 , so way before the whole thing went public on a big scale it 's a local election in a small town . 
  what does it matter if people did n't know about it `` on a big scale '' . 
  it 's not like they would have been entitled to vote . 
   people who rent from private persons/companies have to leave their apartments all the time , on much shorter notices . 
  she has until may 2016 to find something new . 
  sounds like she got the minimum notice that is legally allowed in september . 
  you mean the pie chart that in no way backs up your claim that hundreds of thousands of people arrive without papers ? 
  you 're either a liar or a moron , most probably both . 
  source or gtfo . 
   haha it 's a little hard to deport hundreds of thousands of people with no papers mate . 
  the other thing is just dishonest . 
  claiming that we 're talking about `` hundreds of thousands of people with no papers '' is a straight-up lie . 
  that just is n't what 's happening . 
   if some tens of thousands of people who are already in a safe place to begin with syria is n't a safe place . 
  syrians are not from turkey or lebanon . 
  it 's dishonest to try to frame this discussion as being about the economic migrants with no chance of getting asylum . 
  those will be deported anyway . 
  what we 're talking about are those that wo n't be . 
   how worried could germany be when this concern is raised after thousands of syrians and ( and tens of thousands of other migrants ) have already shown up ? 
  not very .
