   6 ) i do n't think germoney has a right to impose this on nations who did nothing wrong . 
  it was n't v4 who caused instability in syria . 
  i am extremely angry at the way the german government thinks it has a right to bully europe . 
  i guess the feeling is mutual . 
  i 'm extremely angry at all the liars who use propaganda smears against my country to push their anti-refugee agenda . 
  the main difference is that what i said is actually true . 
  at about the same time those countries started getting swamped with refugees . 
   do you really think that is the attitude to go ? 
  blackmail ? 
  not appeal to people to willingly help out , but to strong arm countries into accepting that syria is their problem , one way or the other ? 
  it * is * their problem , one way or the other , and no one is blackmailing anyone . 
  there 's no need to - they already agreed a long time ago . 
  like what ? 
  it really does . 
  you ca n't have a discussion with someone who ca n't comprehend the difference between uprooting your life , leaving everything behind and moving to another contient , and checking `` yes '' on a survey . 
  that does n't make sense even if you ignore the egotistical assumption that europe is the only place anyone could possibly want to move to . 
  you do n't know how the world works . 
   the poll says 1 in 5 inhabitants from the entire european region will emigrate . 
  no , it does n't . 
   but you asked me if 1 in 5 of my countrymen will emigrate . 
  you 're obviously not even aware of what non-uniform distribution is . 
  do you expect 1 in 5 europeans to emigrate ? 
   the fact that you think i have admitted that shows you have really poor logical thinking . 
  i doubt it . 
   no , i do n't expect 1 in 5 to emigrate, 
   i 'm just getting tired of your extremely sloppy arguments . 
  no , i do n't expect 1 in 5 to emigrate , but maybe 1 in 20 . 
  yeah right . 
  you just had to admit that you 're full of shit , but my argument that made you do it was `` sloppy '' . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  do n't try to sidestep my question by using words that do n't even make sense in that context . 
  * do you expect one in five of your countrymen to emigrate ? 
  * because that 's what you 're saying when you intrepret this survey result the way you do . 
  do you ? 
  or is it that you 're interpreting the survey rather `` liberally '' ? 
  frankly , i 'm at a loss for words at the shitposts i 'm seeing here recently . 
  i really do n't know how out of touch with the world you have to be to expect every single person to actually emigrate who checks `` ideally , if i had the opportunity , i would like to emigrate '' in a survey . 
  do you honestly see one in five of your countrymen emigrating ? 
   ` refugees ' has a definition . 
  most of these guys do n't fit it . 
  those will get deported anyway . 
  you 're not seriously going to tell me that `` housing a bunch of non-refugees until their claim is denied '' is the entire issue here . 
   of course not , because they do n't belong there either as there 's no conflict occurring in albania , macedonia , bulgaria or turkey . 
  sure , because syrians belong in macedonia or turkey . 
  that 's totally something you say because it makes sense and not because you desperately want to make them somebody else 's problem any way you can . 
   why is it only the men who need to flee war ? 
  are the women and children all a-okay there ? 
  of course it 's not only the men who need to flee the war . 
  do n't be deliberately obtuse . 
  you think the refugees we get in europe are all the refugees there are ? 
  dumbass . 
   or are they the ones causing all the trouble ? 
  i 'm not even going to try to figure out how that 's supposed to make sense . 
   the thought of large scale migration of muslims into our country have you tried dropping the hyperbole ? 
  i hear that helps . 
  you 'd think that anyone who participates in this discussion would look at germany obviously accepting a lot of refugees and wonder whether he missed something . 
  for example , whether the heavily restricted right to asylum under art. 16a gg ( which by the way only applies to about 1 % of asylum seekers in germany ) is really the only way to claim asylum in germany , or even relevant for refugees ( which get refugee status under \u00a7 3 asylvfg ) . 
  but thanks for trying to lecture me about my country 's laws , romanian dude . 
   but you are currently on a quest to change them to something completely unacceptable to us . 
  go on and leave then , if the thought of having foreigners in your country or helping people is so abhorrent to you . 
   eu is about sharing a common market , we do n't want to share problems you exacerbated so much yourselves . 
  the brits get to pull the `` it 's just a common market '' card because they joined at a time when that was actually true . 
  you do n't . 
   all laws are made up and can be remade . 
  the definition has been what it is for many decades . 
  we 're not going to change it for nothing but avarice and xenophobia . 
   i just think that a substantial amount of these people do n't fit the definition . 
  which does n't mean we should turn everyone back . 
  we should just be a lot more stricter about it . 
  a substantial amount of people do n't fit the definition . 
  those people wo n't get asylum . 
  that already happens . 
   it also says countries are not allowed to return refugees back to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened . 
  which is why austria can return them to hungary . 
  not because they are n't refugees any more , but because hungary is a safe country so returning them is not against the convention . 
  that 's half-right - it 's just one component . 
  austria can return asylum seekers ( i.e. 
  potentially refugees ) to hungary because doing so does n't violate the principle of non-refoulement , but of greater practical importance is the second reason , which is that hungary has to accept them because of the dublin regulations . 
  pushing refugees back down the chain to the next safe country will eventually leave them stranded in a country that has nowhere to deport them , i.e. 
  if everything functioned as intended , we 'd be pushing most syrians to greece and bulgaria and washing our hands . 
  does that seem like something that would work to you ? 
  since everyone is so insistent that germany is `` forcing '' anything , which is literally impossible given how the eu is set up , i 'm going to guess it 's the answer that people do n't try to divert me from with obvious lies . 
   my country refuses to give up sovereignty on asylum policy , so if germany insists the eu has to control asylum policy the eu already does control asylum policy . 
  that poll also has 19 % of europeans wanting that . 
  do you see a fifth of your countrymen leaving ? 
  thanks , i 'm trying my best . 
   are you incredibly dense , or just pretending to be ? 
  it 's not an argument of semantics , it 's a discussion of whether the flood of people pouring into europe are legitimately refugees fleeing for their lives , or simply opportunistic migrants looking for the best deal . 
  the word `` refugee '' has a definition , and it 's not going away just because you do n't like it . 
   we have totally abandoned the first safe country policy sending all refugees to greece really is n't going to solve the problem . 
   add to this that the vast majority are young men , and reports that a minority of them are even syrian at all , and you should begin understand why ` refugee ' may be a contestable term . 
  i really do n't get the strange sexism in these discussions . 
  `` they 're all men , they ca n't be refugees '' - seriously ? 
   ** ` refugee ' means a third-country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it , ** and to whom article 12 does not apply ; http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2011:337:0009:0026:en:pdf article 12 excludes some individuals , for example people who have commited a serious crime or war criminals , but it 's nothing that would apply on a large scale . 
  for the purposes of discussing the current situation , you can assume that the definition of `` refugee '' is the bolded part . 
  notably , there is absolutely nothing in there that says you 're no longer a refugee if you do n't stay in the first safe country , as is often claimed . 
  that 's just made up . 
   the political negotiations try to persuade the national governments to accept these quotas , but skirt the issue that this will also mean having to forcibly redistribute these people from wherever they are to some other country , where they did n't go , have no connections , and do not want to live there . 
  well , * the national governments * certainly wo n't want to pay to house everyone in germany or sweden , so what are you going to do . 
   the quota proposal does n't seem a good solution at all , it benefits only some parties e.g.
