  edit : hungary averaged 1500 asylum seekers a day in august . 
  that means they 'll build up a backlog at a rate of 1-2 days worth of applications per day . 
  you do the math . 
   they are not getting hundreds because most can not even get asylum process because they can not prove that serbia is unsafe for them . 
  of course they 're getting hundreds , and they 'd be getting thousands if they had n't intentionally designed their process to be inadequate , because that 's how many people are there . 
  i 'm telling you this for the second time now - * you ca n't deny an application without having an application * . 
  i do n't know what 's so hard to grasp about that concept . 
  you ca n't process only the refugees . 
  it 's impossible . 
  trying to speed up asylum procedures by only processing people with a valid claim is like trying to speed up car inspections by only looking at cars that do n't need work , and quite frankly i find it baffling how often this obvious nonsense is brought up as a serious proposal . 
   this is what hungary suggest should be done , still they are getting major sh $ t for it from all over europe . 
  they are nazis , xenophobes , right wing black sheep people . 
  top comment says that the hungarian government expects their new border control process to be able to handle ` hundreds ' of applications per day , when thousands arrive at their border . 
  you ca n't really complain that criticism is unfounded in a submission about how the country sets up a new border control scheme that is obviously designed to keep people out by preventing them from filing an application to enter . 
   greece will have to register all of the refugees first ( and the refugees only , which is only about 35 % of all migrants ) then they can be sorted into the other eu countries . 
  greece will need to register * everyone * first , for obvious reasons . 
  you ca n't deny refugee status before there is an application . 
   and my point is , when people throw away their papers so the border police can stop only those obviously too african to be from syria , my point makes itself . 
  http://www.greuther-fuerth.de/uploads/pics/20120110_asamoah_vorstellung.jpg where 's this guy from ? 
   did you read that as though i meant ; the eu states are making a conscious effort to take in economic immigrants ? 
  if you did n't want people to read your comment as saying that the eu is trying to do something , then maybe you should n't literally say `` we are trying to do that '' . 
  i hope you see how that can be misleading . 
   realise that among those syrians , afghans and iraqies , you have africans and pakistani etc who are not fleeing violence or persecution . 
  they simply long for better prospects . 
  which is totally understandable . 
  we are already rejecting those . 
  what 's your point ? 
   its an odd thing to call it a lie , - we are getting economic migrants among those refugees you see on the tv atm . 
  - if you think that is a lie , i cant really do anything about that . 
  it 's not a lie to say that economic migrants come here . 
  it 's a lie to say that economic migrants are granted asylum . 
  it 's a lie to pretend that saying `` we need to reject economic migrants '' is asking for a change in policy . 
  `` we need to reject economic migrants '' is the lie you 're told by people who actually want to reject everyone , and know fully well how their actual position will go over . 
  always be wary when someone is grandstanding on a platform that is ostensibly about not changing something nobody wants to change . 
   the countries in the eu bar a few , are trying to cope with it as though we can handle the influx if we just quota up . 
  - that is insane !, 
  what 's insane is trying to pretend that all eu countries are already at their limits when in reality some have taken in barely any refugees so far , and reject any quota system not because they ca n't take any more , but simply because they do n't want to . 
  nobody is going to buy it , so i really do n't know why you even bother trying . 
   tell that to aunt merkel . 
  germany , in its wisdom , decided no to send anyone back to the unsafe hellhole that is hungary ( / s ) yes , in our country we 're so foolish that the government even abides by court decisions instead of using the autocratic authority of the chancellor to ignore them . 
   the un disagrees . 
   you cease to be a refugee when you pass through a safe area . 
  that 's not what the un says , that 's what all the `` do n't take in anyone for any reason '' - people on reddit would like them to say . 
  it 's made up . 
  a lie . 
  you know that . 
  there 's a reason why you quoted an irrelevant sentence about economic migrants instead of the definition of what a refugee is , even though you had it right in front of you . 
   the 1951 refugee convention spells out that a refugee is someone who `` owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality , and is unable to , or owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country . '', 
   and we would absolutely refuse to entertain the idea that europe can take in the millions of refugees and economical immigrants and still function . 
  - in fact , that we are trying to do that is just so insane that i cant wrap my mind around it . 
  no one is trying to take in economic immigrants . 
  that 's a lie . 
   did you even read the article ? 
  yes . 
  that 's how i know what 's in it , and more importantly * what is n't * . 
  the question is : did * you * read it ? 
  did you * read * it ? 
  did you read it and understand what it actually says ? 
  did you read it and understand what it actually says and what you and your humungous bias chose to read into it ? 
  there is * nothing * in there that says the amount of refugees already taken in would n't be taken into account . 
  that 's either something you were told , or something you invented , but it sure as fuck is n't something you got from this article * because it simply is n't there * . 
   and the quotas germany talk about does not take into account to the tens of thousands we already have taken in . 
  i did n't quote this for shits and giggles . 
   painstakingly making it clear that norway have to accept migrants , or be booted out of the dublin deal . 
  that 's not what it says . 
   and the quotas germany talk about does not take into account to the tens of thousands we already have taken in . 
  how do you know ? 
  let me guess . 
  because you were told , by someone who is campaigning against taking in refugees . 
  how close am i ? 
  given the amount of shit i have got on reddit for openly saying that fighting bad guys does n't automatically make you the good guys , i ca n't say that i 'm surprised . 
  if there 's that many idiots who think like that on reddit , there 's bound to be a lot of them in syria as well , and the assad regime certainly are n't the good guys either . 
   the only countries in eu who accepts more refugees and asylum seekers per capita are sweden and germany then why the fuck do you think that any quota system would make you accept more ? 
  oh , right . 
  you also think norway is in the eu . 
  * nevermind then . 
  sure . 
  you do n't like both , and that 's why you rail against the tiny powerless minority of muslims . 
  sounds legit . 
  because it 's literally insane to tack on a conspiracy theory to absolutely everything , including things which you yourself admit already have a perfectly reasonable explanation . 
  that 's not healthy . 
  yeah , never mind the war and the un running out of funds to run refugee camps , they 're all coming here solely for our welfare state . 
  `` we hate immigrants so much , we 'll even give people shit for having immigrated into other countries . '', 
  no true muslim , right ? 
  sure , but i contest the notion that this has anything to do with inherent differences between islam and christianity as a religion . 
  christianity is n't inherently better just because it 's been all of 150 years since the pope last decried freedom of religion and separation of church and state . 
   unlike the quran magically falling out of the sky , now that 's a reasonable book . 
  just keep the strawman arguments coming . 
  i 'd rather bring up an aspect about islam . 
   it really feels conservative if you look at it : there are no different versions , there are no significant revisions of the book and most followers will not want to isolate the good aspects of it , but swallow it as a whole . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_muslim_movements https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam#denominations the main difference between christianity and other religions is that christianity is in all of our faces all the time , so you ca n't help but know a good deal about it . 
   oh , shit , you got me , the vatican is paying me off to tell redditors that there 's just one fixed version of the bible the fact that you keep making up imaginary arguments to refute instead of engaging in any kind of honest discussion is extremely telling . 
   i think i know this subject better than you . 
  i can believe that . 
  that does n't mean you 're right in saying that there is just one fixed version of the bible . 
  it just means that you wilfully misrepresent the facts . 
   ooh , and then you 'll point to minor variations in old testament canon among monophysites as some kind of proof for something . 
  no , i 'll just link the [ wikipedia article on biblical canons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biblical_canon ) , because the sheer length of it is enough to showcase the arbitariness of it all . 
   no , it was n't , of course it was , like all versions of the bible , and surprisingly late at that . 
  [ yes , there are indeed several different versions of `` the '' bible .
