  ** the word `` refugee '' has an official definition and that simply is n't it . 
  **  so what else you got ? 
  this is the eu definition . 
   ` refugee ' means a third country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it , and to whom article 12 does not apply ; do you see the part where it says `` unless he leaves the first safe country he arrives in '' ? 
  me neither . 
  because it 's not there . 
  now here 's another question : what does it say about you , that i can completely and totally refute everything you write by quoting stuff i already told you ? 
  what is it ? 
  are you too dumb to read ? 
  or is it rather that you know fully well that you 're wrong and are just here to spread lies and propaganda to push your political agenda ? 
  ** the word `` refugee '' has an official definition , one that hungary also agreed on , and that simply is n't it . 
   i care about what the treaties do n't say . 
  for example , the treaties do n't define what is a `` humane '' refugee camp , so in turn correction : you * think * that 's not defined anywhere . 
  that 's not because it is n't , it 's because you 're an ignorant loudmouth who has no clue what he 's talking about . 
  there 's an eu directive that spells out exactly what asylum seekers are entitled to . 
   what else you got ? 
  you mean besides the undeniable proof that you 're wrong ? 
  nothing , and i do n't need more . 
  that 's enough to anyone who is willing to engange in an honest discussion , and i 'm never going to convince someone intellectually dishonest who rejects the official definition of `` refugee '' alone for the reason that he does n't like the consequences . 
  this is the eu definition . 
   ** ` refugee ' means a third country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality ** and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it , and to whom article 12 does not apply ; do you see the part where it says `` unless he leaves the first safe country he arrives in '' ? 
  me neither . 
  because it 's not there . 
   except no treaty says that a member state has to pay back structural fund received . 
  oh , so suddenly you care about what the treaties say when you have something to gain . 
   meanwhile you fail to realize that , despite the common legal framework we all agreed to , we have different societies and norms across the eu . 
  there 's an option for countries who fundamentally disagree with the norms and values of the eu , which is to not join or get the fuck out . 
  there 's no option that allows you to just ride the gravy train and ignore everything else . 
  a bunch of international treaties that agree with me and disagree with you . 
   you chose to ignore my opinions which i stated multiple times i did n't ignore it . 
  i told you that you were wrong and why , every time . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
   yes , but they are not refugees , they are economic migrants ** the word `` refugee '' has an official definition , one that hungary also agreed on , and that simply is n't it . 
  **  no point to discuss further . 
  we are going in circles . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  is it because you 're pretending that you can have a discussion about who should get refugee status and who should n't without acknowledging any of the relevant laws and treaties ? 
  there is exactly one reason why you think that these people are n't refugees , and it 's because you do n't want them to be refugees , because then you 'd have to treat them like refugees . 
  plain and simple appeal to consequences . 
  * they 're not refugees , because it 's much more convenient for us if they are n't . 
   because if they were escaping war zone for safety , they would stay in the first country that guarantees them safety ; for example turkey . 
  it makes absolutely no sense , and most importantly ** the word `` refugee '' has an official definition , one that hungary also agreed on , and that simply is n't it . 
   because they are economic migrants . 
  exactly my point . 
  why should we trust them to take in refugees , if they consistently pretend that there are n't any ? 
   if they were refugees seeking safe haven they would stay in turkey . 
  why ? 
  are germany and austria unsafe ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  the word `` refugee '' has an official definition , one that hungary also agreed on , and that simply is n't it . 
  passing through turkey as they 're fleeing syria does n't magically turn syrian refugees into turkish economic migrants . 
   no , the method of choosing refugees is totally separate from the number of refugees . 
  you 're the one who started arguing numbers . 
  make up your mind . 
  but you know what ? 
  if you do n't bring in enough people , the rest will just come on their own , thereby solving nothing . 
  just one more reason why this will never happen . 
   this is not legislative , so nothing needs to be passed . 
  stop nitpicking . 
   to act as though germany is under represented is disingenuous to say the least . 
  tomato , tomato . 
  i guess one guy 's `` undeniable fact '' can be another guy 's `` disingenious '' if that 's what the narrative requires . 
   if you are going to use numbers , it would make more sense to use the numbers that the unhcr is using . 
  so what you 're saying is that this `` alternative '' would see the number of refugees that can come to europe reduced drastically and force pretty much everyone to stay in jordan and lebanon . 
  even in the unlikely event that it passed , all it would do is set up a token effort that is little more than an excuse to not really do anything . 
  thanks for making my point for me . 
   diminish , yeah righ . 
  quite frankly , there is only one way to describe the people who honestly believe that we 'll continue to receive this many refugees for all eternity - ** literally delusional ** . 
   so now since we signed a number of papers , we are obliged to follow `` so now we should do this , just because we said we would ? '', 
  honestly , if you want , you guys can fuck off at any time . 
  there is nothing holding you . 
  feel free to pay back the 2.5 billion euros you received via the eu last year . 
   germany will blackmail you with `` loans '' you can not repay . 
  what exactly would you advocate ? 
  handouts or doing nothing ? 
  yes , the poor dutch are so overpowered by the germans in the current system that disproportiantely benefits small countries . 
  fear our least number of representatives per capita in any body the eu has . 
   you want all the prestige and the e-penis of being the biggest , the baddest , the strongest but none of the responsibilities yes , that makes perfect sense in a discussion about how many refugees germany takes in and how the other eu countries do n't want to take in nearly as many - `` germany wants none of the responsibilities '' . 
  just go away . 
   and drop the damned if you do , damned if you do n't act . 
  if you want to be in a position of influence , prepare to be criticised or step aside . 
  i can handle criticism . 
  what i wo n't handle is some arrogant moron spouting nonsensical bullshit because he 's so full of prejudice that he ca n't think straight anymore . 
  now fuck off and go read up on who takes in refugees and who does n't before you open your mouth again about who does n't want any responsibilities . 
  oh , and by the way :  meaning i 'm financing your research with my taxes . 
  talking to a citizen of the largest net contributer of the eu about how much of your tax money goes to subsidizing him does n't really work , dipshit . 
  it takes a special kind of idiot to think that germany has stopped sending refugees back to greece and italy because it ca n't cope with the number of refugees in germany . 
   for some reason when it was crisis in italy and greece , no one gave a flying fuck and no one blackmailed anyone ... was ? 
  it still is , more than it ever was , so do n't give me that hypocritical crap . 
  if you people gave two shits about italy and greece , you would n't oppose this . 
   but once it 's germany which invites ` refugees ' from turkey in , it 's for some reason the european problem . 
  and if you do n't accept ... no one invited anyone in . 
  that 's a lie . 
   the whole purpose of giving help to refugees is to give help to people who need help - the people who are most vulnerable in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  there will be no large-scale evacuation effort to bring a million people or more into the eu , not when taking in any refugees is already controversial in some countries , and i do n't believe for a second that the british government expects anything else . 
   no , that would not make sense . 
  everyone in calais is already completely safe . 
  france is a rich western country . 
  exactly . 
  `` take in more ?
