   although `` refugee '' is , legally speaking , not a very specific term , people in question are definitely not asylum-seekers stop moving the goalpost because you realized the original point was shit . 
   asylum-seeking , however , is mostly their only possible legal title for entering the countries in question . 
  if they did n't apply for asylum ( which is very easy , all that is needed is to utter `` asylum '' ) , they 're in the country illegally and should ( legally speaking ) be deported . 
  it 's de facto impossible to deport people on the basis that they 're not asylum seekers , because as you already said a single sentence is all it takes . 
  demanding that these people should be deported because they have n't claimed asylum serves little practical purpose . 
   however , by applying for asylum in , let 's say , germany , they 'd lose their chance to legally claim asylum-seeker 's status in sweden . 
  false . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they could still legally file an asylum claim in sweden and from that point on would legally be asylum seekers in sweden . 
  sweden could then chose to hand the person and asylum claim over to germany , or they could chose not to and process it themselves . 
  i 'm pretty sure that no court would rule that a definition in a law or treaty is anything but what the document in question explicitly says it is . 
  you know , because that 's the fucking point of putting the explicit definition in there . 
  your paranoia is n't an argument either . 
   oh wow germany is truly lost , people going from denmark to sweden are still refugees ? 
  is denmark a war zone now ? 
  are they not safe in germany or denmark or greece or hungary ? 
  do you really want these kinds of people in your country , people who still are unsatisfied with being in one of the richest countries in the world , and they still feel entitled for more ? 
  it does n't matter what you or i think of it . 
  the definition is what it is . 
  deal with it . 
  only a truly delusional person would assume the world to be as they want it to be . 
   they have been sold dreams that europe is a utopia with free houses , cars , money etc , and they are n't going to settle in a place unless it provides exactly that - an impossible thing . 
  it may come as a surprise , but your prejudice , misconceptions and preconceived notions are n't actually arguments . 
   how do you expect them to assimilate and integrate when all they want is money that 's an irrelevant question because the premise is false . 
  according to the top minds of reddit . 
  i did n't ignore it , i just did n't mention it because it 's not relevant . 
  the dublin regulation is about who is reponsible for asylum claims . 
  it does n't define who is entitled to asylum . 
  on that point , the dublin regulation references the qualification directive , which is where my quote is from . 
   while i do n't want to promote this all migrants in denmark are illegal idea , i read up on that a bit yesterday and it kind of is the definition : so what you 're saying is that this text led you think the definition of `` refugees '' is `` refugees who come directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened '' , and at no point did you stop to think about whether the official definition of the term `` refugee '' really is recursively defining refugees as a subgroup of refugees . 
  i know it does n't . 
  i 've been quoting it into the faces of your cohorts a lot recently . 
   ` refugee ' means a third country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it , and to whom article 12 does not apply ; do you see the part where it says `` unless he leaves the first safe country he arrives in '' ? 
  me neither . 
  because it 's not there . 
  it does n't . 
   and labeling them `` refugees '' when they clearly no longer are is n't considered pushing an agenda ? 
  you 're using your own made-up redefinition of the word to claim that people who are using the correct definition of the word are deliberately mislabeling these people to push an agenda . 
  basically , what you 're saying is that your own politically motivitated redefinition is just as good and just as unbiased and just as valid as the common worldwide definition that has been used and has been set down in every single legal document on the matter for the last six decades . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not going to bother explicitly debunking this . 
  just writing down what it is you 're saying is enough . 
   that 's not what the definition is . 
  stop making shit up just because the real definition is inconvenient . 
  you ca n't argue that they 're not refugees because they do n't fit a novel redefinition of the word you made up specifically for the purpose of denying them refugees status . 
  that 's circular logic and dishonest as fuck . 
  no one gives a shit about your opinion . 
  the definition is still what the definition is . 
  you ca n't argue that they 're not refugees because they do n't fit a novel redefinition of the word you made up specifically for the purpose of denying them refugees status . 
  that 's circular logic and dishonest as fuck . 
   1st of all , that still means 75 % of those currently here are young , currently rash and without anything to do males . 
  that 's not a good demographic to have . 
  the curious thing about this discussion is that i really would n't have expected the demographics of anti-refugee right-wingers and anti-male sexist tumblrinas to have such a big overlap . 
  there are no mainstream parties and no mainstream media anywhere in the west who support a marxist-leninist regime . 
  what does it say about your opinion that the best thing you can come up with to support it is an obvious lie ? 
   my opinion , my dear is solely based on facts what facts ? 
  for someone whose opinion is allegedly based on facts , you 're certainly going out of your way to avoid posting any . 
   sorry labelling things accurately makes you feel all poopy poopy inside . 
  using your own wrong definitions that you made up yourself to push your political goals really is n't `` labelling things accurately '' . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure that it 's the exact opposite . 
  that 's not what the definition is . 
  stop making shit up just because the real definition is inconvenient . 
  i guess people here are so used to being mindlessly contrarian and hardheadedly sticking to their preconceived opinions that it 's just natural to assume that anyone agreeing with anyone is a clear sign that they 're being forced . 
   german talking about racism , topkek . 
   i havent made this for `` exhibiting racism '' . 
  my best friend is like 1/8 roma and another friend is like 1/10 . 
   well ... 
  there was an idea to take their children , make border schools for them and show them life outside of ghettos , in civilised world , but eu wouldnt allow it . 
   i havent said it is civilised , but as you know situation , that could help more than status quo ... 
   the food aid is encourageing em to have even more kids , because they wont starve . 
  and this must be changed . 
  hyperbole , for when the facts do n't support your opinion , but you 're too invested to change it . 
   edit : downvote away , but the idiots that think this migration is in any way a positive are a minority . 
  it does n't matter if it 's positive , dipshit , it 's happening so we have to deal with it . 
  by the way , there is absolutely a huge majority for taking in refugees . 
  do you think it 's a coincidence that every single eu country has agreed to do it ? 
   then force countries who never agreed to this in the first place to take them . 
  that 's a lie . 
  actually , it 's two lies because there 's no way that germany can force anyone to do anything , and because every single eu country has agreed to accept refugees , but it 's hard to keep count of all the bullshit that people spread here because they 're ashamed of their own opinion . 
  [ it 's always fun when people backpedal because they know exactly how other people will perceive their opinion . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3hzfxa/31_police_officers_injured_as_antiimmigrant/cucf7wz?context=3 ) now go away . 
   i am merely pointing out the fact that people can get a certain idea based on the words and actions of the german government and people i 'm merely pointing out that you ca n't blame germany for people getting that certain idea when you and your right-wing friends are working as hard as you can to spread it . 
  now go back to explaining how immigration is literally genocide and leave me alone . 
  what would you want the german government to do ? 
  censor the media and arrest people for holding banners ? 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's a free country , however much you disagree with that . 
  i can just imagine those geniuses in power - spending six billion euros on some hellhole of a massive refugee camp in africa , and then to no one 's surprise getting every single deportation blocked by court order . 
   of course aid should be given !, 
  nobody is denying that , mate there are actually plenty of people that are denying that . 
  in fact , your name looks familiar - should n't you know ? 
  if you think the impression is the problem , then you guys need to look in the mirror . 
  germany is n't responsible for the lies some idiot on the internet spreads . 
   why are you even talking to me ? 
  because driving away every sane voice so that the only thing left is your lies and your propaganda is the entire point of you talking to me . 
  this is the eu definition . 
   ` refugee ' means a third country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it , and to whom article 12 does not apply ; do you see the part where it says `` unless he leaves the first safe country he arrives in '' ? 
  me neither . 
  because it 's not there . 
   all your definitions are fine and dandy if only they were refugees . 
  too bad they are economic migrants . 
   a refugee would register in turkey .
