  no , that would n't make sense !, 
  they 're already in a safe country , let * them * deal with it . '', 
  those are exactly the words i want to hear from someone who proposes a plan to actively and intentionally ship more refugees to the eu in good faith . 
   of course countries do this . 
  it is exactly what the unhcr asks countries to do [ 1 ] . 
  it does n't matter what the unhcr asks . 
  there will be no large-scale evacuation effort to bring a million people or more into the eu , not when taking in any refugees is already controversial in some countries , and i do n't believe for a second that the british government expects anything else . 
   do you know anything about the uk 's history of refugees ? 
  if they wanted to take in more refugees , they could always start at calais . 
   it is n't unorthodox . 
  it makes far more sense than what is currently happening . 
  it 's not unorthodox because it does n't make sense . 
  it 's unorthodox because no one does it . 
  that already exists . 
   if you 're a refugee you can go to the border checkpoint and say so . 
  you 'll be let in and processed according to the geneva convention . 
  i 'm sorry , but that seems hardly believable given the hungarian stance on asylum and the constant rhetoric that these are economic migrants and not refugees . 
   there is another alternative , accepting asylum seekers directly from camps close to syria ( uk 's position ) call me cynical , but when a country like the uk that usually does their best to keep refugees out now supports an extremely unorthodox and unpopular `` alternative '' that would see them actively ship in refugees if it ever happened , then i really have to question their honesty . 
   i think germany might be afraid to take back the open invitation at this point what open invitation ? 
  the incentive for migration is n't european benefits , dipshit , it 's the war and human rights situation in certain countries . 
   a ) the eu is n't greece 's creditor , the ecb , the imf , the ec and the esm are . 
  korinthenkacker . 
  just take it as `` why do n't they ignore those '' . 
  or continue trying to derail the discussion with your nitpicking if you 're not interested in this conversation , so i 'll know to just block you instead . 
  i really do n't care either way . 
   b ) greece ca n't spend more money because it does n't control its money supply . 
  the ecb does . 
  now go back to a ) . 
  great idea !, 
  you run out of money ? 
  just print more !, 
  it worked for germany , it worked for zimbabwe , it will work for greece !, 
   my point is that greece needs stimulus , from her own money as well as general ecb stimulus , or she wo n't survive . 
  my point is that greece wo n't ever get that stimulus as long as greek governments loudly proclaim that they do n't understand the concept of running out of money and keep acting entitled to money of other eu countries . 
  greece ca n't do a stimulus program with its own money , so it 's not just a question of whether it makes sense economically . 
  edit : my point is that any additional spending wo n't come from the greek government , because they 're already spending everything they have , so any stimulus is a diplomatic problem more than an economic one . 
  getting yourself into a crisis with mismanagement and fraud , and then yelling at the people who you want to help you out , that they 're terrorists because you 're not getting your handout , and that you not being able to spend more money than you have is all their fault because they wo n't give you more of theirs ? 
  not a bright idea . 
  every time a greek official talks about how austerity in greece is forced on them by other countries who wo n't hand them more money , someone in germany says `` fuck those guys '' . 
   how about we do n't , since that makes no fucking sense . 
  whatever . 
   reducing spending works for the proverbial swabian housewife who measures her debt in nominal terms , but not the state , which measures its ability to repay debt in relative terms . 
  why do n't the greek just ignore the eu and just spend more money then , if that 's obviously what they should do ? 
  why do n't they just do it ? 
   you 've got that completely ass-backwards . 
  zimbabwe did n't try to print its way out of debt . 
  call it `` preemptively printing your way out of debt '' then , if that 's what you prefer . 
  the fact is that zimbabwe did n't have enough money to cover their spending either . 
   other than that , yes , inflating or growing your way out of government debt is way more effective than cutting your way out of debt . 
  i could tell you by how much , but unfortunately you ca n't divide by zero . 
  it does n't really matter what 's most effective . 
  what 's most effective would be them striking oil in the aegean sea , but that 's not happening . 
  they do n't have enough revenue to spend as much as they 'd like , and that means they either get a handout , get a loan , reduce spending or print money . 
  no one is willing to give them a loan under the terms they 'd like , and they certainly wo n't get a handout , so it 's either `` austerity '' or leave the euro and start the presses . 
  it 's completely irrelevant if a massive stimulus program would be more effective than austerity in the long-term , when you do n't even have enough money to cover your regular spending . 
  i had n't heard these newest numbers , only that revenue was falling significantly short of what they had planned for . 
  greece does n't have a primary surplus . 
   austerity is a policy of cuts to government spending and an increase of taxes . 
  is n't it incredible how similar this nebulous `` austerity '' thing , that the evil eu forces onto the greek for no reason , sounds to * what you 're forced to do if you do n't have any fucking money * . 
   you say this while being the direct beneficiary of two forms of economic stimulus , direct 100 billion german stimulus if the greek want their own government-financed 100 billion euro stimulus program , they 're welcome to start their own . 
  why do n't they just do that ? 
  oh , right . 
  it ' totally just because the evil eu wo n't let them . 
  otherwise they totally would open their massive money bins and just pour out the spending . 
  laugh all you want . 
  that does n't really bother me when your entire comment sums up to `` i do n't understand what you said '' . 
  this conflict will never be solved until the greek realize that it 's not the eu and austerity that go hand in hand , it 's their finances and austerity that go hand in hand . 
  what are they going to do to end austerity without the eu ? 
  pull a zimbabwe and just print their way out of debt ? 
   how is this a lie . 
  he expected that merkel would eventually give in , because it would have been the rational choice for her . 
  but she did n't because of course the german government does n't act rational here . 
  that 's debatable . 
  how is it a lie ? 
  depends on how incompetent you think they were . 
   first of all , that was not my claim . 
  my argument was mine only . 
  i was n't using it as serbia 's argument as a whole . 
   i was pointing out the legitimate argument . 
  it really is n't that hard to understand why serbs would n't want those who vandalized the monuments in the first place to protect it . 
  go away . 
  you claim that serbia is opposing unesco membership for kosovo because they do n't want them to be responsible for protecting those monuments . 
  if they do n't get unesco membership , who will be responsible for protecting those monuments * that are in their territory * ? 
   i was pointing out the legitimate argument . 
  it really is n't that hard to understand why serbs would n't want those who vandalized the monuments in the first place to protect it . 
  that argument is n't legitimate . 
  it is fundamentally flawed in a blatantly obvious way . 
  i 'll let you figure that one out for yourself . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that serbia would n't oppose recognition of kosovo by a un organization if that had n't happened ? 
  do n't be naive . 
  i stand by my comment . 
  you can lose the sarcasm tag . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's doubtful that this would have happened without open pogroms and nazis murdering people in the streets . 
  the bavarian constitution predates the federal constitution and therefore has a lot of redundant stuff because it was set up to work as the constitution of an independent country . 
  it could on principle have provisions in it that provide for greater protections ( although as far as i know it does n't ) , whereas some other state constitutions assume that they fall under the umbrella of the grundgesetz and dispense with redundant guarantees of basic human and civil rights altogether . 
  that 's the excuse . 
  the reason is that kosovo used to be part of serbia and they 'd like it back . 
   the main difference is that people commenting on this are only expressing disapproval and will never force such a thing on germany .
