  people who loudly take a stance for no apparent reason . 
  like explicitly pointing out that we should keep doing what we have always done and do n't plan on changing . 
  it does n't pass the sniff test . 
  hence the ankle monitor and the condition to stay in berlin . 
   when you choose to commit an atrocity like this terrorist you forfeit all privileges . 
  i could tell you what exactly this terrorist did , but since you already called it an ` atrocity ' i 'd really prefer if you described it yourself . 
   yes i said privileges . 
  there are many privileges mistaken as human rights . 
  if you do n't like our human rights , you 're free to move to a society that does n't recognize them . 
  i hear north korea is nice . 
  you do realize that if we really forgot ourselves , temporarily suspended human rights and got rid of everyone who was a threat to the values of our society , like many here want us to do , that you 'd be among the first to be put up to a wall , right ? 
  you spend so much time agitating against muslims and what a threat they are to our value system , that you do n't even realize that comments like this one show that you yourself are squarely outside it . 
   people who have been brainwashed ca n't be unbrainwashed . 
  once a western hating terrorist , always a western hating terrorist . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   this man was tried , publicly , and found guilty of being a member of a terrorist group and plotting to assassinate politicians . 
  then he was in prison , did his time , and was released . 
   please tell me how keeping somebody detained who is obviously a threat to society is a bad thing ? 
  `` obviously '' - sure , with the benefit of hindsight . 
  people are released from prison all the time . 
  can you point and tell which of them are going to commit another crime and which wo n't ? 
   i 'm using `` bringing '' liberally . 
  then do n't . 
  you 're deliberately lying to yourself with language that you know is misleading , and then you say `` hurrdurr i do n't get it '' . 
  can you tell me what the justification is for allowing in asylum seekers ? 
  what you propose is n't even `` us prison system '' , what you propose is literally `` guantanamo bay '' - you feel that someone is a danger , so fuck the law , fuck justice , just lock them away , without charges and without trial . 
  what 's the point of fighting terrorism if we go down that road to do it . 
   a different question is why are we bringing this sort of people to our countries . 
  low skilled , culturally alien people who will just never integrate . 
  they 'll create crime . 
  they 'll leech welfare . 
  we do n't owe them anything , but still are bringing them by the thousands and allowing them to make our societies worse . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  reading less of the right-wing propaganda might help you get it . 
  for a start , you might want to let go of the lie that we are bringing anyone here . 
  sounds like it if you do n't know much about german politics . 
  there wo n't be huge cuts to benefits . 
  benefits are already near the minimum that is constitutionally allowed , there is no room for huge cuts . 
  there will still be benefits for people who ca n't be deported and are n't allowed to work . 
  it 's unconstitutional to have a law that states `` and this guy , we 'll let starve '' . 
  knowing our government they 'll probably waste some time on turning that shit into a law , time that could have been used to come up with an actual solution , but the constitutional court will kill it immediately . 
  this wo n't happen . 
  by the way , our borders are n't closed either . 
   there are loop holes in about any bilateral contract . 
  that does n't mean you are supposed to explore them for medial shortterm benefits like merkel did . 
  those are n't loopholes , they 're expections that were put there explicitly for that purpose , and using them short-term to deal with special situations is exactly what you 're supposed to use them for . 
  that 's the entire point of having them . 
   but moreover this was combined with a world-wide ( !!! ), 
  invitation to just join no , it was n't . 
  that never happened . 
   as if what was done to greece was n't enough already . 
  do n't you think that 's a tad hypocritical to whine about `` what was done to greece '' in the same comment where you also whine about germany not sending even more refugees to the already overburdened greece ? 
  the problem is n't `` the muslim world '' . 
  the problem in germany is that two out of five asylum seekers are economic migrants from the balkans who are clogging up the system with their pointless applications . 
  reverse it and you can say the exact same thing about the comments here . 
   saying shit about roma is apparently ok while saying the same about eastern europeans is not politically correct . 
  what a hypocrisy . 
   nope , wrong and simple minded . 
  my problem are the politicians who willfully let this happen what a load of crap . 
  nobody ever had a problem with politicians letting something happen unless he also had a problem with that thing . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
   we austrians and germans are being outbred . 
  in a few decades we 'll be a minority . 
  in austria you also get more money for more kids . 
  you can try to spin it all you want , but argueing against biology and the numbers game is silly . 
  so ... facts . 
  there it is , the ugly truth - that it does n't matter what they do , because your problem is with who they are . 
  `` facts . '', 
   those people should be deported due to them being unwilling to integrate and assimilate . 
  those people will create problems but hey we have to be the tolerant ones and allow all sorts of irrational people to roam our streets . 
  if these people did n't believe in such irrational and intolerant beliefs then sure they would n't be a problem but that is not the case . 
  the problem i have with that is that no one is asking for a crackdown on all similarly irrational and intolerant beliefs . 
  it 's always about a selective crackdown on muslims . 
   the overall majority do not integrate or assimilate whatsoever . 
  that 's just not true . 
  germany did n't suspend those . 
  you just think they did because you do n't know what they say . 
   now what ? 
  we do n't need to import any intolerant and irrational people . 
  regardless of their sob story . 
  we 're not importing anyone . 
  they 're coming here all by themselves because they 're refugees from a war . 
  you 're talking about other people being irrational , and you ca n't even present the subject matter in an honest way . 
   the people i am talking about are the people in this video look it up : zdf - islam - effects on germany okay . 
  now what are you planning to do about them . 
   we 're not saving our tolerant free society either when we are inviting intolerant people into our countries . 
  it is well known some muslims are irrational and intolerant . 
  yes . 
  some . 
  just like some non-muslims are irrational and intolerant . 
  now what ? 
   yet if we deport those people we 're considered nazis , oppressors and so on . 
  we can not win in the eyes of the liberal or the conservative muslim . 
  the west will always be the bad guy and the oppressor in their eyes . 
  thinking that makes it oh so easy , does n't it ? 
  it 's pretty hard not to when `` kick all the foreigners out , the law be damned '' is a major talking point . 
  the german government handled the situation as the law required , and people say that was wrong - what am i supposed to think . 
   do you at least recognize that germany has n't entirely succeded in assimilating certain groups of immigrants , even post-first generation ones ? 
  sure . 
  the commissioners for integration have been saying that since before the position was established in the late 1970s .
