  are you saying that they 're magically not displaced from their home anymore once they reached greece ? 
  calling out lies is n't `` defending '' anyone . 
   if having tons of immigrants is good than why does n't germany want them all ? 
  that 's a strawman argument i 'm not going to bother with . 
   forcing immigrants to go to countries they have zero desire going is not very nice . 
  we 're talking about refugees here . 
   what they are actually saying is that they are against the ethnic and cultural replacement of their native population . 
  you see it as a wrongful doing , i do n't . 
  i 'm actually pretty sure that helping people really does have the moral high ground over getting hysterical and making hyperbolic excuses . 
   i do n't think it 's racist to acknowledge that all religions are not equally evil . 
  i think it 's intellectually dishonest to think that the demonizing of islam , that we 're seeing now , has anything whatsoever to do with opposition to religion in general . 
   i think it is a problem for everyone when refugee quotas become a thing and a reality for the eu . 
  italy and greece can not be expected to handle this alone . 
  greece especially would fall apart at the seams . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the * current rules * force italy and greece to take everyone who arrives there . 
  any quota would assign substantially less refugees to italy and greece than they have to take now . 
   ok , walk me through your argument . 
  you are living in extreme poverty and you have heard that the richest continent on earth is accepting migrants . 
  what would you want to do in that situation ? 
  i 'd waste a lot of time going there and getting deported , and then thank the top minds of reddit for perpetuating the lie that europe was accepting economic migrants . 
  so what you 're saying is that the czech position is supported by literally no argument whatsoever that actually pertains to this specific situation or contemporary politics , and is purely based on general xenophobia . 
  awesome . 
   so why romania and bulgaria isnt in schengen yet ? 
   probably not because they 're evil muslims . 
   last time you talked about minorities , you invaded us and almost annihilated one of the minorities . 
  you 're going to need to come up with a better argument than `` because the germans are all evil '' if you do n't want to come across as a racist fucktard . 
  do you know what the principle of non-refoulement is ? 
  the `` refugee treaty '' makes it abundantly clear that you can not send refugees back to the country they 're fleeing from . 
  you can whine all you want that they should have stayed in turkey - fact is that they did n't , we ca n't deport them , so we 're stuck with them . 
  they 're also still refugees , even if a fuckton of brigaders do their best to make it appear otherwise on reddit . 
  besides , that is n't even the most pertinent law . 
  there 's also eu directives on that stuff . 
  what you quoted places a burden on greece and italy . 
  it does n't say anything about what refugees have to do . 
   according to international law , they have to enter first safe country and seek asylum , other way , they are illegal immigrants . 
  that 's not how it works . 
   also much bigger austria you might want to check up on that . 
   the blame is clearly on the merkel announcement of open invitation ( no matter what she meant , what matters is how the migrants and media and other countries interpreted it ) yeah , no . 
  germany is n't responsible for other people misinterpreting things . 
   also , the blame is on the whole liberal leftist western european politicians with their head in the sand the past year or so on the building up of migrant crisis against all signs and reports . 
  with their open border `` european values '' policies . 
  what do you suggest we do ? 
  `` preserve '' the european union by pissing away everything it stands for ? 
  what would be the point ? 
   it is n't directed at you , i 'm just fed up with the press demonizing hungary the past two weeks . 
  dude - the past two weeks ? 
  hungary started ignoring dublin regulations in june . 
  conditions for asylum seekers in hungary are so bad , that asylum seekers successfully obtained court orders to block germany from sending them there . 
  if you think criticism of how hungary is handling this situation is a thing of the past two weeks , you need to seriously read up on the matter . 
   most of these immigrants are economic migrants . 
  i am as pro-refugee and even pro-migrant as they come , but we have to acknowledge that most of these people are n't directly fleeing bombs . 
  there 's not a whole lot we can do about those besides denying asylum claims , which ( surprise , surprise ) already happens . 
   so ms merkel first calls all these people to go to germany , stop lying . 
  that never happened . 
   the problem is that maybe even 500 million people want to come . 
  lol , no . 
  you 're half-right . 
  enforce a border , then * do n't * process anyone . 
  the complaints are about refugees being let in , so the only way to assuage them is to not let any refugees in . 
  this user fuzzynutt in particular thinks that any immigration is literally genocide and is one of those people who oppose immigration for racial reasons . 
   sure then do n't fucking use `` well it is inevitable '' argument when it comes to crime and `` problems '' caused by huge amount of people moving across europe . 
  what do you want me to do ? 
  deny statistical inevitabilities , so you can cry `` dey said there was no single criminals '' ? 
  do n't pretend that there 's any way for me to convince you here . 
   take all into camps . 
  register them . 
  disallow free movement . 
  do proper background check . 
  problems ? 
  deportation , no documents also deportation if it is n't family if it is family with kids on list being dead last to apply to assylum . 
  yeah , `` no documents also deportation '' - deport them where ? 
  they 've got no documents , you ca n't deport people to their home country if you do n't know what it is , you dumb fuck . 
  why do you even bother proposing this if it does n't even pass the first `` is this not blatantly illegal '' sniff test . 
   all assylum seekers will receive language education and if they will fail it deportation . 
  again - deport them where ? 
   tell that to that kid that she was bound to be raped and should n't complain and thanks to her rape some other people will live better life . 
  no one ever said that . 
  take your strawman argument and go fuck yourself . 
  i 'll take your arguing for nazi methods like collective punishment seriously as soon as you stop being racist hypocrites and start arguing that the existence of criminals in your country means that you yourself should be in jail . 
   what the fuck . 
  and these are the people i 'm supposed to welcome into my home ? 
  what if i told you that you already have rapists in your country . 
   i do n't care if it 's only a few , a few is to many . 
  you come to a country and expect to be taken care of and this is how you act ? 
  it 's better to just close the border and everyone caught be sent back to syria , just sky drop them all with parachutes . 
  ( human rights be damned ) if one of your country 's natives rapes a child , do you also argue in favor of deporting yourself ? 
  or do you only support collective punishment on a massive scale when it applies to other people ? 
  the refugee convention is n't the most pertinent legal document in this matter . 
  i 'm too lazy to look into what the relevant eu documents have to say , but i find it extremely suspicious that no one ever cites those . 
   the main task of every military is to control the borders of their own country . 
  that 's not true in a lot of countries . 
  obviously it has n't been asked - it 's maybe an interesting academic question , but absolutely irrelevant for dealing with the situation in europe . 
  these refugees are under no obligation whatsoever to seek refuge in arababic countries , we have absolutely no way whatsoever to make these arabic countries take in refugees , and we will certainly not make saudi arabia and qatar our new role models in human rights matters , so what 's the point . 
   no that is incredibly incorrect . 
  it 's absolutely correct . 
  the word `` refugee '' has a legal definition , and it 's not what you say it is . 
   those countries have every right to punish them with e.g. 
  deportation per article 31 of the 1951 refugee convention . 
  article 31 of the 1951 refugee convention does n't say anything at all about when you 're allowed to deport someone .
