  if `` the power to block pretty much everything '' is already `` no power '' , then what do you call the degree of influence that you and i have ? 
  i 'd really like to see someone propose that the german chancellor get unlimited veto power over every decision at the eu level , just to see all the weasels that are currently declaring that this is `` no power '' do a complete u-turn . 
  but i 'm sure you really believe what you 're saying and would be among those who would have absolutely no problem with that . 
   a truckload of `` research '' subsidies i ca n't help but be reminded of the greenpeace `` study '' that counted fundamental physics research like the large hadron collider as a `` nuclear power subsidy '' . 
  well , then scottish people are a minority in their own capital city too . 
  it turns out , even bavarians are a minority in their own capital city of berlin . 
  is n't it insane how many people are a minority in their own capital city if you arbitrarily define away large swaths of the population as `` foreigners '' ? 
   non-whites can obviously be british , but they can never be english , thus the man is right , how about you read what the man said before you declare that he 's right . 
  yes , but not british white people . 
  the only way you can intrerpret that table as `` brits are a minority '' is if you take `` brits '' to mean `` british white people only '' . 
  because only white people can be british , right ? 
  look at a map . 
  see the brown areas to the north of those blue areas ? 
  what do you think those are ? 
  who are `` ppl '' ? 
  cdu/csu and spd have never been against it , and those two are a majority in every bundestag we ever had . 
   like the constitution saying no doctor-patient or client-lawyer communication , not even per email , may ever be recorded by any company or governmental entity . 
  that 's not what data retention is about . 
  there is not and there has never been a proposal to record the content of all communication . 
  your state does n't argue that unless your politicians are the same uninformed incompetent dumbasses that dominate online political discussion , in which case a data retention law is by far the least of your problems . 
   we will also punish any local isps trying to implement it . 
  is that what your politicians tell you ? 
  that they will punish isps for doing what they 're legally required to do ? 
  and you believe that ? 
  working hard for it at eu level , but saying that they do n't want it what a load of horseshit . 
  cdu wants it and openly advocates for it . 
  csu wants it and openly advocates for it . 
  spd wants it and openly advocates for it . 
  that 's 80 % of the current bundestag , the entire government back when the eu directive was passed , and the entire current government . 
   i \u00b4 m not in right wing side ( expect maybe for mild `` nationalism '' ) but remember that a lot ( not sure how many ) of them have better argument than that , or at least back these with some statistics . 
  where are these mythical right-wing people with good arguments ? 
  they do n't seem to be on reddit . 
   problem is that the basic law does not clear their common misconception about freedom of religion that they can persecute against ex-muslims i would n't call that a `` common misconception '' , but that 's what freedom of religion is . 
   and have to tolerate if the same would be done to converts to islam . 
  did you maybe word this horribly wrong ? 
  no one has to tolerate persecution of converts to islam . 
   so where does it say a country has to accept anyone who is from a country in a civil war . 
  stop moving the goalpost . 
  where does it say that those people are n't refugees . 
   and again , countries can turn down an asylum application if the applicant has travelled through a safe country . 
  that 's international law not my opinion do you want to know two more things that are also international law ? 
  1 ) countries do n't have to accept random third country nationals just because another country also does n't want them . 
  2 ) you ca n't deport refugees back to the country they fled from . 
   lol yes do . 
  lol no do n't . 
   if china was in civil war , why the fuck would chinese people travel to europe ? 
  not for safety , since they would be passing through many thousands of kilometers of safe territory . 
  they would not be refugees but economic migrants . 
  no one gives a fuck about what you think the definition should be . 
  ( not that that is what you 're even arguing . 
  you keep explaining what your opinion is while making no argument whatsoever for why it 's correct . ), 
  there is an eu directive that says what the definition actually is , and unsurprisingly eu directives matter more than your personal opinion . 
   quote me something , or link me to something that says they do . 
  you ca n't . 
  you 're quite sure of yourself for someone who does n't know what he 's talking about . 
   ` refugee ' means a third-country national who , owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership of a particular social group , is outside the country of nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country , or a stateless person , who , being outside of the country of former habitual residence for the same reasons as mentioned above , is unable or , owing to such fear , unwilling to return to it http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32011l0095&amp;from=en now what ? 
   good idea in principle but problem is that the basic law is n't exactly shining example of secularism . 
  * germany * is n't a shining example of secularism . 
  we pay the salary of bishops and teach christianity in public schools . 
  we enforce religious rules on christian religious holidays . 
  we register infants as having a religion for free , and then charge them a fee as adults if they want to leave so they do n't have to pay the taxes the government makes church members pay on behalf of the church . 
  we pass laws that are blatantly and intentionally designed to supress religions other than christianity and judaism . 
  as a country , germany is n't nearly as secular as people like to pretend . 
  it would be quite hypocritical to expect foreigners to be more secular than us . 
   it does not explicitly says individuals have right to change their religion or renounce it . 
  it does n't explicitly say that the government ca n't censor criticism on youtube either . 
  it just says that there 's no censorship , just like it says that there is freedom of religion . 
  constitutions are n't supposed to handle every single fine detail . 
   we do n't have a constitution but a `` grundgesetz '' or basic law you 're confusing what it * is called * with what it * is * . 
   i wonder how many native germans have actually read their own constitution and understand it . 
  it 's more than 100 pages long . 
  case in point : you can download it as a pdf from bundestag.de . 
  it 's exactly 50 pages long . 
   legally they stop being refugees when they pass through safe countries . 
  no , they do n't . 
  i 'll reiterate : ** the word `` refugee '' has a legal definition and it 's not what you claim it is . 
  **  the un charter on refugees states that they 're supposed to seek refuge in the first safe country , and countries are allowed to turn them away if they can show that the asylum seeker has passed through a safe country . 
  the un charter on refugees does however absolutely not say that they stop being refugees if they do n't do that . 
  that is simply a lie . 
  more importantly , the more pertinent document , which is the eu directive on the matter , also does n't say this in any way , shape or form . 
  it has an explicit definition of the word `` refugee '' and `` staying in the first safe country the person arrives in '' is not part of it . 
  that is simply a blatant falsehood . 
  a lie that is being spread to rile up sentiment against these refugees . 
  i do n't know whose lie it is and who just doens ' t know any better , but you ca n't tell me that it 's a coincidence that a fuckton of people in this subreddit are spreading the exact same falsehood about the legal status of these people . 
  it does n't pass the sniff test . 
   to be honest , there are enough refugees in europe that finding a similar situation is not exactly impossible . 
  stop making apologies . 
  they used a video that was in no way related to the refugee crisis . 
  period . 
  john oliver is * always * one-sided . 
  people did n't like it this time because it was one-sided with a message they disagreed with . 
   they stop being refugees when they pass through numerous safe countries . 
  that is n't what the definition is . 
  the word has a legal definition and that simply is n't it . 
   slovakia has 0 obligation , legal or otherwise , to take anyone in . 
  that 's either a deliberate lie or complete and total ignorance of the subject matter . 
  what if you had to pay more tax if you vote no ? 
  do you think we should base all political decisions on what people can be literally bribed to vote for , or just when the outcome suits you ? 
   no , it was n't . 
  nowhere did it mention such a thing it 's in the treaty of lisbon .
