http://www.unicef.org/media/files/fgcm_lo_res.pdf page 47 , but the claim does n't seem to hold up unless you limit the scope to the tigrigna and kunama ethnicities in eritrea . 
   what i do n't understand is the amount of anger the very idea of circumcision , not just the unacceptable ways some jewish sects perform it , provokes in some people . 
  we generally do n't allow people to perform unnecessary surgery on children . 
  except for circumcision . 
  why is that ? 
   anyone can nominate anyone else for the nobel peace prize . 
  well , not really anyone , but the group of qualified nominators for the nobel peace prize is pretty huge . 
  some german banks do n't dispense anything smaller than 50 $ . 
  this is a * reichsmark * from shortly before the 1923 currency reform . 
  old * reichsmark * were exchanged to * rentenmark * at a rate of 1 trillion :1 . 
  the * rentenmark * had a 1:1 exchange rate with the new post-1924 * reichsmark * . 
  in the 1948 currency reform , new * reichsmark * were exchanged for * deutsche mark * at a rate of 15:1 . 
  ( actually , that 's more complicated but let 's just go with 15:1 for banknotes . ), 
  finally , * deutsche mark * were exchanged for * euro * at a rate of about 2:1 . 
  assuming you could still do all the exchanges , the final exchange rate from this currency to euros would be 1 $ per 30 trillion of these reichsmark . 
  the nominal value of this stash is 1/600th of a cent . 
  australia , brunei , chile , canada , japan , malaysia , mexico , new zealand , peru , singapore , the united states , vietnam and south korea . 
  this is an expansion of an existing trade agreement between brunei , chile , new zealand , and singapore . 
  as the name of the agreement already implies , none from europe . 
   whereas roma , pretty much every person hates them and for good reason . 
  do you know who else thinks he has ` good reason ' for his hatred ? 
  every racist ever , hitler included . 
  all roma are criminals , all greeks are lazy , but of course those things are totally different , am i right ? 
   in denmark the actual nazi party is still legal , and they sometimes manage to get all of 500 votes in elections . 
  but if they got 10-15 % , i would be all for a ban . 
  germany banned that was essentially an actual nazi party in 1952 after they got 11 % in a state election - one of only two party bans in the history of modern germany ( and the other were communists ) . 
  all in all , that turned out pretty well . 
  banning a party is hard , and the npd may be walking on the edge of legality , but they stay on the legal side of things . 
  without the possibility of banning a party , there 's a good chance we 'd have actual nazis sitting around in parliaments like we did in the early 50s before the federal constitutional court demonstrated what happens to parties who demand a `` solution to the jew problem '' under the new constitution . 
  i think we need people to get on board with the idea that making plans takes time . 
  if you present someone with a new problem , and he instantly answers with his plan , that does n't mean that he has a plan . 
  it just means he 's comfortable talking out of his ass . 
  we also need to get people on board with the idea that deciding on a plan takes time and discussion . 
  if you present someone with a new problem or present a problem to a newly-founded group , and you instantly get an answer , that does n't mean that the group has decided on a plan . 
  it just means that someone was comfortable deciding on his own what the group 's plan is . 
   ok , they didn \u00b4 t say `` help them '' but there was no real `` no '' against that war . 
   `` let them just take the war from german territory to the middle east '' is a pro-war statement for me . 
  you 're twisting their words to make reality fit your preconceived opinion . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that they oppose the war . 
  they just do n't oppose them enough for your liking . 
  you want them to break international contracts with the us , they do n't want to do that , and that 's it . 
  ( switzerland and austria did refuse use of their airspace ? 
  no shit , guess which military alliance switzerland and austria are n't in . ), 
  opposing a war is one thing , leaving nato over it is an entirely different matter . 
  oh and by the way , any supposedly anti-war author who argues for forcing people into military service can go fuck himself . 
   we were not in irak and lybia , ok . 
  but what did `` die gr\u00fcnen '' say ? 
  i didn \u00b4 t hear anything from them against that wars . 
  ( ... ) and when the americans sayed `` there were weapons of mass destruction '' in irak they screamed for helping them too . 
  no , they did n't . 
  i doubt a lot of other stuff you wrote , but regarding that i am sure - this is simply flat out not true . 
  as far as you know . 
  i also thought i did n't know any neo-nazis until an acquaintance asked me to retrieve his personal files and music collection from a broken laptop . 
   i don \u00b4 t vote for `` die gr\u00fcnen '' because of kosovo ( afghanistan/lybia/syria / irak ) what ? 
  `` die gr\u00fcnen '' were in government only for kosovo and afghanistan , germany was n't involved in lybia and iraq , and syria is n't even happening yet . 
  it 's a 30 year old statement . 
  the election is next week . 
  i do n't think so . 
  futhermore , when that statement was written , your favored party was called the sed and ruled over a communist dictatorship . 
  but you 're not voting thirty years ago . 
  you 're voting this sunday . 
   i am probably just too biased from their early days and assumed they had no plans too many people do that , too many people repeat it . 
  i 've been standing behind a table full of flyers , a print-out of the program in hand , and still been told that the pirate party does n't have a program . 
  of course that guy did n't take one either . 
  at this point , some people just use it as a slur . 
  the csu is corrupt , die linke are communists and stasi-sympathizers , the fdp are rich snobs and the pirates do n't have a program . 
   the way they have treated things in their earlier days . 
  which way was that ? 
  not pretending that there was a position on an issue when there was n't ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  here 's your problem : that 's not the election program . 
  [ this is . 
  ] ( http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/wahlen/bund/2013/wahlprogramm ) you 're looking for section 10 . 
   piraten do n't even have goals/plans regarding the some of most important problems right now which problems are that ? 
   the pirates are a pathetic bunch of kindergarten kids . 
  thank you for your rational and fact-based criticism . 
   and i wish for linke  gr\u00fcne , because f ** k paedophiliac so the campaign works . 
  there are areas of member states that are n't part of the eu , and whose citizens have citizenship of a member state but not european citizenship , though those are all overseas territories so far . 
  the closest are the faroe islands , who are part of denmark without being part of the eu , and whose citizens have danish citizenship but not european citizenship . 
  there 's even some overseas parts of france that are n't part of the eurozone and still use the franc . 
   so the only way for catalonia to exercise its right to self-determination is war ? 
  i might be naive , but is n't that quite sad in the 21st century ? 
  quite frankly , i 'm bothered by that question . 
  if you honestly thought that there is some sort of internationally recognized legal recourse for human rights violation , you need to get out and learn more about the world you live in , because `` the western liberal democracy we live in is n't the western liberal democracy we want to live in '' is exceedingly tame compared to other shit that 's going on without anyone doing much about it . 
   catalonia could declare independence unilaterally and then the un would have to mediate , right ? 
  the un does n't have to do shit . 
  it could mediate if one of the members brought it up , but it 's not like it has a mandate to involve itself without asking . 
  more importantly , this is an internal spanish matter and not an international matter . 
  the catalans want to be an independent state , but they in fact are n't an independent state , and for that reason alone almost all of international law does n't apply . 
  international law deals with matters between multiple states , and there 's only one state here . 
  also , look around in the world . 
  the catalans are n't unique . 
  chechnya , sri lanka , malaysia , the list goes on . 
  there were no international court decisions , no interventions . 
  no one cares . 
   edit : also , you ca n't be serious comparing usa to spain ... 
  i did n't . 
   un-members are under the jurisdiction of the icj in matters of human rights and international law first of all that 's wrong . 
  only some un-members have declared that they would regard icj jurisdiction as compulsory . 
  those that did can just withdraw that declaration .
