  it just details circumstances under which you 're explicitly not allowed to . 
  the refugee convention does however make it abundantly clear that you 're not allowed to deport a refugee to the country he fled from , which makes this a moot point . 
   that 's the dublin treaty right ? 
  germany has revoked themselves from it so refugees can legally travel across europe to get there . 
  that 's not true . 
  the dublin regulations remain in force . 
  germany just choses not to send certain refugees to the countries that would be responsible for them under the dublin regulation , something the dublin regulation explicitly allows . 
  the legal situation has n't changed at all . 
  it 's called `` hausgeld '' in germany . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  you only get a detailed bill for some of it because the owner can only shift some of the cost to the renter , so naturally you only get a bill for the stuff you yourself actually have to pay . 
  the landlord has to pay the rest out of his own pocket . 
  you could argue that that portion is `` included in the rent '' , since that 's what the landlord is going to pay it with , but technically it does n't have anything to do with you or your rent . 
  not doing something you allegedly wanted to do anyway just because someone else asked you to do it is n't the action of someone who takes pride in their national democracy . 
  it 's the action of a petulant child , or a coward looking for an excuse . 
  if they do n't want to do it , then they should n't do it , but they should n't blame someone else for their not doing it . 
   this said , we definitely could and should take a in a few thousands , but not by order of some european commission . 
  `` we should do this , but not if they want us to '' is just coward-speak for `` we should n't do this '' . 
   and tumblrina sexism commonly focuses on rape , which is why i was the first one to use the literal word . 
   you were the first person to bring up rape in this context i do n't know why you 're so obsessed with who brought up rape first , but you could at least make up your mind if it was you or not . 
  ( your claims to the contrary notwithstanding , it actually was you , dipshit . ), 
   that then became `` immigrants are rapists '' in your mind somehow - because as i said , it 's what you wanted to read . 
  i 'm not going to have a discussion with a korinthenkacker who pretends that he does n't understand the concept of context . 
   yeah thanks , but you were the first person to bring up rape in this context at all by mentioning tumblrina sexism . 
  i brought up tumblrina sexism because the argument is that they 're dangerous because they 're men , and redditors usually hate that shit to the bone . 
  i 've literally never seen this kind of thing get upvotes anywhere on reddit except here and now when talking about refugees . 
   all people talked about before was young men getting into any kind of mischief . 
  so much for `` reading '' , hm ? 
  i used this specific example because it 's brought up extremely often and constantly talking in the abstract is tedious . 
  here 's a fun exercise : replace `` rape '' with any other kind of `` mischief '' , and then tell me what part of my argument now no longer applies . 
  notice something ? 
  it 's not my fault that you 're incapable of generalizing . 
   and i 'm pretty comfortable in my ivory tower where i can look down upon all you ideologically driven morons vomiting on each others ' feet . 
  the undeserved arrogance does n't suit you . 
  ah , i get it . 
  you were missing the point of my argument , the argument it was a counterargument to , and the discussion in general . 
  i take it back . 
  you 're not a fascist . 
  you 're just a useful idiot who ca n't read the discussion . 
  here 's a hint , genius : when people say `` these refugees are dangouers because there 's a lot of rapists among these young men from syria '' , they do n't mean the statistically average amount of rapists that is in any group of young men . 
  now fuck off and go back to your ivory tower . 
  if there 's a part where you think you addressed why you defended those claims , then quote it . 
   funny to think that even stalinists considered `` criticism and self-criticism '' less hypocritical bullshitting about others lack of self-criticism , more thinking about the reasons for defending those racist claims . 
  not that you 're ever going to convince me that you 're not who i think you are . 
  the mere fact that you 're trying to counter my comments by shitting on carricatures of `` progressives '' and `` the left '' , and that you 're trying to draw a connection between the modern political left and stalin already says everything about you that i need to know . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  in the meantime , maybe you can think about why exactly it is that you 're so quick to jump to the defense of the claim that the asylum seekers are dangerous because of the many rapists among them . 
   but your ilk ? 
  `` progressives '' commonly pride themselves on their intellectual insight and mature , sophisticated world view , and you ca n't even think of an argument that is n't a non sequitur with some buzzwords thrown in ? 
  how does your head not implode from the cognitive dissonance ? 
  what cognitive dissonance ? 
  i 'm a big fan of personal responsibility . 
  you commit a serious crime , you get deported . 
  * you * get deported . 
  not your father , not your brother , not your neighbor , not the guy from two towns over . 
  that 's at the very core of our criminal justice system and of our values . 
  you want to deport all refugees because rapists exist ? 
  i 'm going to call you out as the fascist you are . 
   how can you jump from what i said to immediately grouping me with a group of caricatures of fascists yelling `` they gun rape our women '' ? 
  if you do n't want to be grouped with them , then do n't jump to their defense and support their propaganda . 
  i 'm not grouping you with them . 
  that 's something you 're doing all by yourself . 
   the difference is that the statistical likelihood for a group of young man without something to do getting into trouble is a bit higher than for an individual man to be an evil rapist right . 
  so what 's the greater danger for our country ? 
  the possibility of a rapist among the asylum seekers , or the thinly veiled fascists who think that the theoretical possibility of a rapist is enough to warrant a collective punishment of all asylum seekers . 
  do n't you guys hear what you 're saying ? 
  the fact that there 's specific rules for those refugees who come directly from a conflict zone should have been enough to clue you in that `` coming directly from a conflict zone '' is n't in the definition for `` refugee '' . 
  but why am i talking , you guys never refer to the actual definition , all that you post , when you actually do post anything of substance , is other parts from which you try to infer a definition that you find convenient . 
  you know exactly that the definition is n't what you say it is . 
  why else would you avoid posting it . 
   it 's two pages long ( i shit you not , look it up ) . 
  a simple `` no '' would have sufficed . 
  do you know what it is ? 
   `` refugees are forced to flee because of a threat of persecution and because they lack the protection of their own country . 
  thanks . 
  it was getting a bit tiring to keep quoting official definitions of the word `` refugee '' that people from syria obviously meet . 
  in the future , it would be better to quote from the qualification directive though , because it 's more directly relevant . 
  unfortunately , i 'm sure that there 's more than a few dumbasses in here who will argue that the country of those syrians is now turkey because they drove through it once . 
   they do and you 're naive if you think otherwise please tell me more about how you 're trying to save our tolerant culture , guy who thinks people of one ethnicity are all identical . 
  do you think that maybe we should put all those dangerous syrians into a concentrated spot so that we can keep our eye on them ? 
  perhaps a camp of some kind ? 
   i volunteered as a legal counsel at an ngo that dealt with people with these problems . 
  said the guy who thinks `` refugee '' does n't have a legal definition . 
  you 're not asking that germany censor those opinions . 
  you 're asking that germany should just assume that every single syrian has those opinions , and then punish them all , all the while bitching and moaning when people call that racist . 
  dude , nobody is defending that shit . 
  but you 're literally saying that because there are people that have these opinions , that means we need to institute collective punishment for their entire ethnic group . 
  that 's not ok . you 're not attacking these people for opinions they have . 
  you 're attacking them for opinions other people have . 
  do you know what we 're going to do ? 
  we 're going to presume that they 're innocent until proven otherwise , because that is what modern democracies do . 
  we will punish those who break the law and only those who break the law , because that is what modern democracies do . 
  we will deal with these people as individuals instead of instituting collective punisments , because that is what modern democracies do . 
  anecdotal evidence does n't magically become not anecdotal just because you put it on tv . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i know more about the situation in germany than you . 
  what you said was an opinion on what you think will happen at some unspecified point in the future . 
  there 's nothing factual about it . 
  also bonus points for complaining that the asylum seekers are intolerant and do n't respect `` the rule of law '' when the entire point of your comments here is to demand that we ignore the law in order to keep all the foreign muslims out . 
  spoken like a true bigot . 
   nah they 're not .
