  maybe uk and german governments , but not the rest of eu the quota proposal does n't benefit the various eastern european countries who could otherwise conveniently sit back and watch ? 
  you do n't say . 
   values like forcing people out of their chosen country and in to certain poverty in eastern europe . 
  i 'd quote your comments to your face , but you know what 's in them . 
  go away . 
   are you sure ? 
  yes . 
  no one has proposed or even talked about changing the rules for granting asylum . 
  http://wreg.com/2015/08/18/parents-students-fight-back-after-girl-sent-home-for-showing-collarbone/ i was referencing this event . 
  i really do n't think that my comment is hard to understand , especially not for a british person who presumably has decent english language skills . 
  read it or do n't , i do n't care . 
  it 's not `` the eu including germany '' who says that , it 's donald tusk who says that . 
   am i crazy because i really do not consider aiding all foreign migrants illegally entering eu to be a core european value and everything the eu stands for ? 
  that 's not what 's happening , not what i 'm talking about , not what anyone is asking for . 
  if you have anything to contribute then do it , if all you have is such strawman arguments , then fuck off and think about what it says about your opinion that you ca n't advocate for it in an honest discussion . 
  i 've had it up to here with all the lying jackasses pretending that `` aiding all foreign migrants '' is what this is about . 
   it 's really like some personal germany 's image-improving campaign , without taking into account the rest of europeans . 
  suddenly , there 's a huge pressure for `` solidarity '' . 
  yes , such a nice word to throw around for 3000 $ - earning germans with high life quality , lowest unemployment in eu etc. 
  you 're not bothered by the fact that a bulgarian earns like 400 $ the proposed distribution mechanism takes economic power into account . 
  take your lies somewhere else . 
   that does not mean they are not willing to help refugees at all , they are , but they want to decide that on their own literally the only reason why we 're talking about a distribution mechanism is because so many countries have `` decided on their own '' that they 're not going to do much of anything . 
   since when germany dictates what european values are ? 
  since when did germany dictate the various directives and human rights documents the entire eu agreed to ? 
  you people are unbelievable . 
  you do n't like it , so you pretend that it never existed and actually have the gall to tell others to stop `` dictating '' things when they remind you of what you agreed to . 
  or pretended to agree to out of greed . 
  half of the discussion about asylum seekers is no discussion at all , it 's just very-high-level gaslighting . 
  say what you will about anything else , but * that * is just bullshit , and everyone knows it . 
  eu law has an established definition of the word , and that 's that . 
  yeah , i did n't say that either , but you know what ? 
  you have proven your tag more than correct . 
  talking to you is pointless , and that 's why i wo n't . 
   you created a context of ambiguity by not distinguishing between the two before being asked to do so . 
  you know perfectly well what impression that gives off to readers who are aware of fuzzynutt 's political line and abused that ambiguity deliberately . 
  that seems likely , given that i had it edited so fast that it does n't even show an edit on the comment . 
   it 's laughable to call me reacting to that a `` lack of understanding '' . 
  i did n't . 
  `` lack of understanding '' is something you said , dumbass . 
  another way to look at it is that taking in refugees and dealing with a crisis like this one is based on the fundamental core values of the eu , to the point that i really have to ask why you 're in the eu in the first place , if you apparently reject everything it stands for . 
  seriously , what 's the point ? 
   must have been a pretty horrible lack of understanding of context if you value the two at the same level . 
  shit like that is exactly why i have you tagged . 
  so i do n't accidentially waste time talking to you , even though that would be unlikely anyway if it starts out with that kind of crap . 
   how the hell is forcing foreign migrants unwillingly onto countries even ok according to european values ? 
  a lot of people would say that if you cared about european values , we would be having a way to distribute refugees instead of this discussion . 
  there 's obviously a fundamental disagreement about what exactly `` european values '' are . 
  oh great , two guys i have tagged are jerking each other off . 
  have fun , `` guy who does n't understand what context is '' and `` guy who thinks immigration is literally genocide '' . 
  i 'll let you figure out for yourself who is who , you know your own comments . 
  not really . 
  i doubt it . 
  the situation has n't spiraled out of control . 
   you need contact lenses or something ; he did n't even mention muslims . 
  how 's that that looking to be outraged working out for you ? 
  i will quote this , / u/d4rkmo0r , just so that you ca n't delete it , because in a debate , that is already dishonest as fuck , you have still managed to somehow find a new low . 
   but it 's true ... 
  it is distracting ... for sure . 
  dat collarbone . 
  edit :  that 's just silly , old ladies with no religious beliefs ( as far as i 'm aware ) wear headscarfs . 
  i have to admit that for me , the whole headscarf discussion started and ended at `` what 's so bad about dressing like my grandma '' . 
  i assume in the uk it would start and end about [ here ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/05/08/article-2321472-19aee007000005dc-897_634x741.jpg ) . 
  / edit  i think bans like that are just silly although religion should be banned from schools ( in my opinion ) i agree , but banning * only one * religion is n't a step towards banning religion from school , it 's a step towards further entrenching the one that 's been in schools all along . 
   i assumed we were talking about that 0.1 % who cover everything including face . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever had a problem with non-revealing clothing a headscarf i see . 
  i assumed we were talking about head covering in general , because that 's what the discussion is generally about in germany ( where i 'm from ) and turkey ( where most german muslims are from ) , and also because , well , i do n't expect anyone to kick up a huge fuss about muslims in general because of the .1 % in niqab and burka . 
  may i direct you to the [ relevant wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_dress_in_europe ) on the issue , so that you can better understand my point of view ? 
  i 'd suggest that you read the entries for denmark , germany and turkey . 
  [ here is something ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-state-court-upholds-headscarf-ban-for-teachers/a-2738654 ) about a german muslim teacher not being allowed to compromise on a beret . 
   i disagree , it 's not so much the covering up completely but the complete covering of the face that is n't compatible . 
  in that case this whole discussion is about .1 % of muslim women or less , and it 's somewhat dishonest to pretend that we 're talking about muslims as a whole if that 's what the issue is . 
   it 's no different to expecting westerners to cover up , if wearing western clothing is offensive to their culture there is no reason we ca n't interject being fully covered is offensive to ours , which it is . 
  it really really is n't , otherwise there 'd be protests against nuns . 
  forcing women to wear certain clothing is what 's offensive . 
  of course dealing with that is actually hard , so a lot of people like to pretend that it 's covering up itself . 
  i can just imagine how that goes over with muslim men . 
  i assume the response to `` we need your wife and daughter to show more skin because reasons '' is going to be surprisingly similar to what western men will say to such demands , which is overwhelmingly `` get the fuck out of my house '' . 
  edit : i know of a german court case against a ban on headscarves where a teacher wanted to compromise on a beret , but was n't allowed to . 
  do n't tell me berets are offensive . 
   lets see now , muslims , believing in religion . 
  oh there you have it . 
  inferior intelligence in flying colours . 
  that does n't sound contrived at all . 
   should they report averages - or things that are newsworthy ? 
  which hopefully are only outliers ideally , they would report things that are newsworthy , and the people who read it would recognize it as an outlier . 
  when the latter is n't happening , it 's a bit hard to make a case for the former . 
   forcing women to dress in a subservient way is n't a preference circular logic is however circular . 
   because someone might wear it willingly we just ignore that it 's enforced on the majority ? 
  it 's a pretty difficult problem once you start thinking about it , because once you force women not to wear those clothes , when they actually want to , you 've become exactly the same as the people you 're trying to protect them from . 
   how is that white guilt working out for you ? 
  is n't it convenient that you 're the only one with an actual opinion and everyone else are just idiots who are pretending out of guilt . 
   this is how fascism happens . 
   the leftist shame game is so strong that people feel like they 're at risk of becoming strangers in their own country . 
  the only response is to form an equally strong nationalist faction to defend themselves from a real or perceived threat to one 's culture and way of life . 
  right . 
  please tell me again how the muslims are the problem . 
  nobody said `` it 's all good '' , dipshit . 
  stop trying to exploit rape victims to push your agenda . 
  yes . 
  because it 's fine with northern ireland .
