   from being open to the hordes to doing a 180 wanting to shut the border and bitching about the other countries no wanting to take on the burden you helped create . 
  you have no clue whatsoever about either the actions of the german government or the reasons for the current refugee crisis . 
  why exactly do you think you 're qualified to discuss a topic you do n't know the first thing about ? 
  if any of the polls about your governments handling of this situation are correct , your democratially elected officials have not done what they were supposed to . 
  i do n't think there is any form of governments that operates by flip-flopping based on the latest polls , but even if there was `` representative democracy '' still would n't be one of them . 
   enjoy your sharia ghettos in a few decades  i somehow doubt that i 'll evolve into a being of pure thought over that timespan , but if i do and find myself living in your delusions i 'll keep that in mind . 
  that was n't a reference to some status or position of influence i hold , dipshit . 
  you literally do n't know who you 're talking to . 
  as in `` i did n't make that comment '' . 
   your comment you do n't even know who you 're talking to . 
  go away . 
   your solution is therefore to allow the influx into the heart of europe instead ? 
  * your * `` solution '' is to force croatia to take all of those hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers , and then keep the slightly less numerous but still hundreds of thousands of refugees for the entire duration of whatever conflict they fled . 
  because that 's the `` solution '' that the law has in mind . 
  nobody is that dumb . 
  you either do n't know what you 're talking about or argue in bad faith . 
  either way , we 're done here . 
   it is easy to handle everything within the law . 
  just shoot every migrant who breaks the law . 
  i guess it must seem easy to handle things `` within the law '' if you have no clue what the law is and no concept of the legal framework you operate in . 
  i would . 
  i doubt that the us government wants to see snowden dead that much that they would buy it with not getting anyone charged with anything remotely serious extradited from europe ever again . 
   dropping charges in the eu does n't help snowden much . 
  this is a non-binding resolution . 
  the european parliament does n't have the power to have charges droped or prevent extradition . 
  i have no clue which european countries even have charges pending against snowden , let alone what those could possibly be . 
  i doubt that publishing * american * classified documents is a crime anywhere in the eu . 
  this is purely symbolic and means nothing . 
   and this should happen within the law !, 
  i 'll be honest - i do n't know how anyone with a vague familiarity with the situation could possibly argue in good faith that a law should be followed blindly and without making use of any special clauses when we * know * that * it does n't work * , when we * know * that * it ca n't work * , and when we * know * that it can * only * lead to the total collapse of the situation in states at the border of the eu . 
  that 's just pure egoism . 
  * fuck croatia and fuck the refugees , i 've got mine . 
  *  with what 's happening now it 's like european countries no longer have any sovereignty because these people have decided they must make their future here . 
   why shouldd we just roll over and let them pour in unrestrained , and let our grandchildren deal with a smouldering powderkeg of a society later on ? 
  at least that question has an easy answer : we do n't . 
  that 's not what 's happening . 
  the actual situation is that democratically elected governments are n't doing what you want them to do , i.e. 
  like a lot of people in here you 're just salty about the fact that you 're not the dictator of europe . 
  that 's for you to come to terms with , not something anyone else gives two shits about . 
   yeah i feel this time the figure will not be as high . 
  what a great argument . 
  how you feel totally matters . 
  thanks for sharing your fact-based opinion . 
  that the comment based on sourced facts gets downvoted and your comment based on how you feel gets upvoted is just a great sign for the state of this subreddit . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and assume that the people commenting here are n't exclusively from the netherlands and slovenia . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say to you on this matter because i refuse to discuss with issue with people who begin by saying that those countries will now `` lose '' net neutrality , because i 've had it up to here with this black-and-white asshattery . 
   me too , i pointed out that there is already traffic control ** it does n't fucking matter what there is now . 
  we do not have net neutrality . 
  that 's not a thing until this directive goes into effect . 
  you ca n't argue against exceptions in the new net neutrality rules with the way things are done now when currently literally everything is exempt from net neutrality rules on account of there not fucking being any . 
  **  internet surgery will always be prioritized over netflix . 
  ** the entire fucking point of this submission is that people are unhappy with exactly that . 
  they want that kind of prioritization banned . 
  you ca n't say `` that will always be '' when the entire fucking point of this discussion is that some people want that changed . 
  ** * `` it does n't matter if that becomes illegal because it 'll always be done '' * - sure thing , obviously well-informed guy who clearly thought this through . 
  seriously , does n't * anyone * here know what we 're talking about ? 
   well , the internet is not neutral now either . 
  of course it is n't . 
  we do n't have net neutrality rules . 
  that 's why the european parliament made some , which is what we 're talking about here . 
   most isps offer guaranteed bandwidth for really important customers which can pay for it . 
   traffic shaping is nothing new , and you can reserve bandwidth against a fee if you require it . 
  do you actually know what net neutrality is ? 
  it means not doing that exact thing . 
   until now , isps were not allowed to throttle any connection from a user , based on it 's destination . 
  nonsense . 
  there have been no net neutrality rules up until now . 
  isps can do what they want . 
   `` hospital to hospital '' or `` company to company '' or `` government to government '', 
   when in fact there are already ways in which an isp can guarantee lightning-speed service sure , there are ways to do that . 
  we also do n't have net neutrality rules . 
  the question is n't if there are already ways to do that , the question is if there will still be ways to do that after isps are banned from offering anyone better service than anyone else . 
   and yes , telesurgeries do use public and private networks . 
  all i 'm getting from this is that you lied when you claimed that telesurgeries do n't use public networks . 
   but the problem is also : can \u00dcber really compete in the market when the taxi industry has unfair advantages ? 
  post the same thing with `` uber '' and `` the taxi industry '' switched around and it 's this discussion in a nutshell . 
   i did not state that . 
  i was talking mostly about remote surgery which was the main point if you only wanted to talk about telesurgery , then maybe that 's what you should have done . 
   but `` hospital to hospital '' or `` company to company '' or `` government to government '' etc. 
  any teleconference etc. 
  that needs to work during an emergency . 
  i 'd really like to have this conversation in person and see you tell me with a straight face that you honestly believe that everyone will have private direct lines to everyone else . 
   blatantly false : the opposition demanded that the ep vote in certain specific amendments that would have closed the loopholes and ensured net neutrality , not the rejection of the legislation . 
  you are attacking an opposition whose arguments you have n't even read . 
  yes , but those amendments did n't happen - now what ? 
  vote for these net neutrality rules or continue not having net neutrality rules ? 
   do you have any actual counter-arguments against the merit of the critics to this regulation ? 
  i say we let the european parliament do what the opposition of these rules demands and reject them . 
  then we can go back to the existing net neutrality rules . 
  is that counter-argument enough for you ? 
   weasel argument . 
  net neutrality is only recently a hot topic , it 's not surprising that many national parliaments do n't have advanced legislation on it . 
  the european regulation should stand on its merits , not merely on existing . 
  an honest comparison would be with existing legislation and other feasible alternatives , not with the pipe-dream of internet activists . 
  guaranteeing net neutrality in wide areas where those guarantees did n't exist before at all is only `` a major blow to net neutrality '' if you 're the kind of uncompromising black-and-white-thinking radical who thinks that literally everything is absolute shit except for the exact thing he advocates for . 
  but sure , let the european parliament do what you demand and vote this down . 
  then we can all go back to the glorious perfect world of having no net neutrality rules whatsoever . 
   when in fact such important emergency calls and operations would and will be conducted through private direct connections rather than public internet therefore this legislation doesnt mean anything for those things . 
  i do n't think that someone who unironically argues that everyone will get a separate private direct connection to the emergency services when phone service moves to voip has any business talking about `` ignorance about internet as a technology '' . 
   was the ethnic replacement and eventual genocide of native peoples ever voted on ?
