1931 was a bad year . 
  until we leave the eu and put a nice big wall up . 
  because it is currently owned by the uk , like in a divorce its all up for grabs . 
  we 're married with joint names/ownership on stuff . 
  its geographical location can mean fuck all , especially when its out in the sea , the north sea territory is again the uks borders not `` scotland '' or `` england '' . 
  also the oil is pumped and distributed by a number of different companies , such as the biggest , and the people found the oil and gass i the first play bp-british petroleum . 
  bp is against the referendum , and i 'd listen to them if the company which is controlling the majority of your theoretical wealth does n't want you to do something , which you want to do because of said possible wealth . 
  how would having the words spoken or written affect your ability to get jokes or understand the word play . 
  either you will or you wo n't , the dubbing is just reading the subs-titles you 're reading ... 
  these kind of posts make me bubble up with patriotic pride so much , even over the simplest of things , i was giddy over the london subway train ... [ but oxford university ] ( http://i.imgur.com/swsnagn.png ), 
  you know nothing pringlepringle, 
  and yet the majority of our trading is in the eu ... come to think of it do we even trade with countries like china etc ? 
  it seems like the only representation we 're getting it the eu boy . 
  do you not get that , just because we have one guy from the uk in and one via the eu does n't mean both are getting equal recognition , or that our govt is n't giving the eu one more love , which going by cameron is most likely . 
  i do n't particularly wan na join a circlejerk , if it is blind ukip support i 'll pass , some of what they say is ok , but other stuff is a bit crazy . 
  and here we have the stupid spin people put on it . 
   in this article he says that the uk is not a member of the wto . 
  he does n't say that , he say that we are not at the top like cameron claims . 
  he acknowledges in the first paragraph wto is mentioned that we are a member . 
  he then says how we are only represented via the commissioner through the eu . 
  i 'm probably reading into his meaning but i take it as how we are doing nothing ourselves and are leaving too much up to our eu rep. 
  which looking at how we currently conduct ourself seems true enough . 
  he says we could become a `` true '' member after leaving the eu as then we would n't have 2 places doing dealing through the wto , it would be one , us directly . 
  you can ignore my take on it , and still what you said it false , as he does n't say we are n't a member of the wto . 
  edit : you spin me right round baby right round . 
  i love you for this , i 'm not a big fan of us being part of the eu however on here being / r/europe it never goes down well . 
  even on / r/unitedkingdom its mostly anti-ukip pro-europe bullshit which i 'm fine with i just wish more people had a better understand of what leaving the eu would actually do . 
  as most think if we left society as we know it would just instantly crumble , when in reality i feel it would be a massive positive thing to happen ; and so would others if they had more info . 
  i 've listened to some of that farage guy and whenever he tries to say anything about the actual benefits of leaving the eu no one seems to believe him . 
  they just say hes lying put some ridiculous spin on it and ignore it , it would be nice if something in the main stream media did a big in-depth cover of what being in the eu does , both pros and cons , not being biased but just to explain to people from a source they 'll trust he facts . 
  then they can make their own informed decision on the mater . 
  its based on number of pages visited which are in that language , so china is big and high population , but their net is very restricted and with more and more people speaking english and being encouraged to a whole lot of sites english that are in english will be visited . 
  i / r/watchitfortheplot , but the acting is good too . 
  my first thought was `` bull shit '' , this sounds way too good to be true . 
  it would need to be massive , also the distortion from the atmosphere , i know its on a mountain to limit this but still . 
  also even hubble when it was full operational could n't even dream of doing anything close to directly observing alien worlds . 
  this is crazy stuff !, 
  i like this matteo renzi guy . 
  donetsk no apostrophe in ukraine : https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/donetsk/@47.8641641,37.9867403,9z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x40e0909500919a2d:0x36335efdc5856f84 donets ' k with apostraphe in russia : https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/donetsk/@48.3473187,40.0535428,11z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x40e0909500919a2d:0x36335efdc5856f84, 
  wan na point out that everyone is on about russia , but `` donetsk '' is a few hundred miles in ukraine , while `` donets ` k '' is in russia on the border with ukraine . 
  a lot of people are talking `` lol take land from russia piss them off '' but the one in question is ukrainian , unless its a typo . 
  edit : dunno why this is getting downvoted . 
  donetsk no apostrophe in ukraine : https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/donetsk/@47.8641641,37.9867403,9z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x40e0909500919a2d:0x36335efdc5856f84 donets ' k with apostraphe in russia : https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/donetsk/@48.3473187,40.0535428,11z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x40e0909500919a2d:0x36335efdc5856f84 googling either results in the ukrainian one , but it does n't have an apostrophe , the name looks to b the same in russian for both , but for some reason in english one has an apostrophe . 
  this year at least , this month i think . 
  [ hong-kong is next ] ( http://hongwrong.com/chris-patten/ ), 
  in-regards to uk : i 've actually seen this whole thing talked about a lot recently on here , and i honestly do n't know what they wanted . 
  we 're a lil ' island nation , a naval power , we had no real means or way to launch an effective land based invasion of continental europe so soon . 
  i understand our treaty specified that we go in really soon , but it simply was n't feasible and if it was attempted the war would have had very different outcome . 
  i feel we made up for this by going full out and kicking arse . 
  i mean we lost 800,000 men in the war , it makes me really sad to have found out how the poles feel . 
  i 've always felt every country worked together and all who joined the effort deserve our respect and honor . 
  no you 're just a child . 
  you seem mad . 
  [ dream is collapsing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imamcajbejs ) by good ol' hanz zimmer, 
  if you know what it is and hate reposts , downvote and move on with your life . 
  but no you took the time to come here and make a stupid comment . 
  the up and down vote system is here for a reason , you moaning about a report wo n't make this post go away . 
   feel happy we even had a damn treaty and even came to help you ... 
  i 'd never even thought about it before , and i had never got close to thinking in the way i came across in that sentence . 
  i feel bad seeming so high n ' mighty , but i was/am shocked by what i 've learnt from this thread about how poles feel . 
  that being said , i stand by what i said , if only when regarding poles who feel we screwed them . 
  all my life i 've felt it was a united effort in wwii and everyone did their part , but to now read of this ... 
  i have to stand up and say have some respect and honor for every nation who joined the war effort . 
  especially those who might not have needed to but did so because of promises they had made . 
  the russia propaganda is strong in you . 
  have you read the other comments in thread , a lot have mentioned how the history taught in poland is a load of shit twisted by the russians occupation . 
  try looking some stuff up your self . 
  if you think war is that black and white then i feel you have no right to be talking or making accusation with anything to do with this . 
  if you think war is that black and white then i feel you have no right to be talking or making accusation with anything to do with this . 
  after reading a lot of polish comments here the general view seems to be to simply think `` oh this treaty says you have to immediately invade continental europe as soon as something happens '' and that is retarded to say the least . 
  do you not see how something like that needs planning and how much needs to be mobilized and prepared . 
  if we 'd ( thats the uk and france ) simply rolled in right away it would have been a disaster and we 'd all be typing in german now . 
  feel happy we even had a damn treaty and even came to help you , because the way a lot of the polish here right now are spinning it it sounds like you wish we had n't come to help , or that you feel we did n't ? 
  i really do n't understand , we help you , we save you , we sacrificed hundreds of thousands of lives and you act like this . 
  i like you polish , living in the uk i know a lot of you , but after reading how a lot of you feel its really putting you all in a bad light . 
  hes edited his comment ,  poland operates 128 leopard 2 tanks since 2003 , with additional 119 bought last year before said  poland operates 128 leopard 2 tanks , with 119 bought last year it read before like they only had 128 now after buying 119 last year , meaning before they only had 9 . 
  they had 9 hardly means they will have enough soldiers trained to effectively operate 128 ... 
  what is he wrong about ? 
  he said they bought 119 last year , and that is exactly what you said ... but hes wrong ? 
  [ highly unrelated to the post ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0v7rfsurge ) but made me think of it . 
  yeah better censor the word fuck in a comment on a post that says `` fuck '' in the title , got to think of the children . 
  good , this might get things moving , so long eu . 
  yep , its a massive case of `` of course we 're best '' and just we 've never had the chance to mingle much afterwards . 
  also oh god yeah its a lot of reminiscing , as of right now our prime minister is forcing us to be or at least making us look like a load of pathetic spinless babies . 
  so we cling on to when we put the great in great britain . 
  well we were pretty much the last empire , and gave birth to 3 of the worlds super powers . 
  also we get a bit of a superiority feeling over the rest of europe from the world wars , as we kinda stood fast , never lost any ground and helped push and win it . 
  of-course i know everyone did their part i 'm not a moron , but at least here we 're taught how , everywhere was pretty much lost or losing and we stood our ground and were the backbone and saving grace of the war . 
  [ we see maps such as this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/europe_under_nazi_domination.png ) and its just massive mother fucking russia and then our lil ' island . 
  its gives us a great sense of pride . 
  but is just trying to explain to you , i hope people do n't get too mad , at what be seen as big headed boasting of a possibly patriotic biased history we were taught/shown . 
  economic partnership ? 
  how would that really change , trade would continue , it would just give us more choice and options . 
  eu needs to trade with us , at the moment they need the trade with us more than we need it with them . 
  so that is a none issue , your comment seems to imply you think all trade would just stop if we left ... 
  i love europe as a continent and the counties , just not the eu , there is a big difference . 
  also as i 've said , we 're an island and we do n't get to experience the differences , europeans are just foreigners to us . 
  unlike other european/eu countries , we need a passport to leave and go visit other eu countries . 
  where as the vast majority of continental countries have open boarders and you can just walk across . 
  we kinda have a sea in the way , which limits our ability to go mingle with y' all .
