  ** because this is one of the few subs i truly adore , and would love to be a part of making it better , plus i 'm on my pc for work and personal interests so it 'll be nice to do something worth while in my pc down time . 
  ** why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  ** i 'm on my pc , and on reddit many hours a day so i 'd certainly be an active moderator , plus with a keen interest in europe and this sub i 'd want to ensure its kept to a high standard . 
  by irl job is essentially going through and keeping track of massive amounts of data , making decisions which have massive repercussions so i need a keen eye for detail and to be constantly on point . 
  ** do you have any experience with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  ** my university dissertation was actually on statistics gathering and structuring , and doing a programming degree and loving games i 've certainly looked up a lot on dataminung and reddit bots , but no hands on experience . 
  ** what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  ** it crashed and burning because you ca n't confine a topic which is so prominent in europe and important and of interest to its people to a megathread . 
  its a broad topic which was too large , and with too many separate happenings to be stuck in a megathread , also reddit has the voting system for a reason , if immigration topics are being posted and upvoted then its the sub 's users right , and means they want to discuss it . 
  sometimes the people do n't vote the way you want , but thats democracy . 
  ** what 's one weakness you have ? 
  ** starting a project , spending hours none stop on it ... then moving on never completing it . 
  i 'm currently making a game in unreal engine , metal engraving aluminium for coasters , and making an interactive map of the world . 
  ** would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  ** the latter , tackling a lot of really small things , is much easier than one big thing . 
  ** what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why ** / u/dclauzel ? 
  hes a mod of / r/europe , his name is kinda like `` de-claw '' which you can do to cats , and hes a teacher irl apparently ( god help them kids ) thank you for your consideration, 
  because hungary is part of europe , and this is a european problem , passing it on to another country is n't going to solve anything . 
  also its a member of the eu and eu regulation is to check and register all migrants , which should be done in the first country they land in . 
  if they do n't want to get registered and go stay in the host nation they 're assigned , then they should be sent back to where they came from . 
  if you 're a refugee seeking asylum , you 're fleeing a specific war torn country , you 're not trying to get into a specific country . 
  you have no choice where you go , just that you get out and are safe , if you wo n't go to a country willing to take you in based on that regions/countries laws then fuck off . 
  they are in no position to be demanding anything , and they 're not going to go where can take them , and not accept help they should be sent back as they clearly ca n't be in that much need . 
  that is the sad truth , qadaffi as bad as he was did keep everyone in their place and that region far more stable than it is now . 
  i guess he was a necessary evil . 
  brb, 
  why is the russian kingpin doing this ? 
  did n't say i thought it was good , you do n't have to believe in something to not hate it like i asked . 
  this is reddit , its built upon user submitted content , and the users upvote what they like , and comment on whatever they want . 
  if enough users of / r/europe are upvoting immigration posts to get them to the front where you see them , then a lot more people want to discuss it and/or agree a with it than those who downvoted it . 
  its a 2 way system , you ca n't moan about what is upvoted , because you and others could have downvoted it . 
  you submit your opinion as a vote , if a mod removes the post to align with your opinion , and in doing so goes against the majority of users , that is wrong . 
  the conservatives won here in the uk , i voted against them , but more voted for them , i can complain , but i do n't want or expect anyone to swoop in and overthrow them . 
  when you start censoring ideas and topics you do n't like thats when you get a nazi situation ... 
  but immigration is europe relevant and related , and if users are upvoting it how can you complain ... do you hate democracy ? 
   if the mods just allowed threads concerning immigration on certain days like monday - wednesday or something like that . 
  how about we let the users vote on the content they want to see and comment on . 
  this sounds great , the only thing i want to ask about and maybe have issue with is how will you be defining what is `` controversial '' . 
  its one of them weasel words , which can be anything to different people . 
  recently on here basic news of stabbings , or explosions , or whatever are marked as `` controversial '' when its just bbc news reporting whats happened . 
  also by `` change in mods '' does this mean some annoying mods will be removed , or simply new ones added ? 
  / r/europe totally does n't censor stuff , or have an ideology they want to push ... wtf is going on with this sub . 
  i do n't understand , you have a prime minister and a president ? 
  how does that work ? 
  this is britophobia , how dare you leave a post up about something a british man did . 
  stop painting us all in a negative light . 
  why is this tagged as `` controversial '' ? 
  its an article on something that has happened , how is it controversial to post news ? 
  the hate my flow but ... why do n't you stay where you are ? 
  these countries in disarray need the smart people to stay there to help it stabilize and be more than just a hell hole . 
  its been covered in many studies , that the people who leave are the smartest or ones with the most ingenuity , the exact people the countries need to stay . 
  otherwise whos left ? 
  it keeps the countries going downhill . 
  i 'm from england , and its nice to hear of someone who might come here who has actually had a great education , the news just shows people trying to sneak in who are from the sub-sahara and are of no use . 
  if/when you do make it to europe , my main advise is to try and mix with the locals . 
  i 'm fine with people coming here , but you need to assimilate with the local culture , the lack of this happening is the main cause of the disliking of immigrants which i 'm sure you 're aware of due to your post title . 
  come to europe and do n't fall into a place with lots of other immigrants , and ignore the people , culture and nation that has taken you in . 
  dude , why are you so angry ? 
  you 're flying off the handle at me and making accusations at me based on nothing , chill . 
  all i said originally is that this sort of showing how immigration is n't all sunshine and lollipops is nice as i like to see both sides shown . 
  i did n't claim to belong to either side , only that i like that a depiction of immigration which is usually censored here has been left up . 
   yeah immigration is a valid issue we agree , so why you mad at me ? 
   there 's a lot more to life than immigration but on a post about immigration you 're surprised my comment was about immigration ? 
  : s take a step back and stop reading too much into things , and jumping to conclusions , we 're on the same side it seems . 
  you 're literally saying you do n't want this up because it goes against the views and ideals you have , by claiming its showing a view you do n't like . 
  you 've proven my point that this sub is a bit stupid sometimes . 
  you do n't like what this shows ? 
  well  some of us do n't care whats wrong with having both sides shown ? 
  this vid is n't even pushing an agenda , its a vid with no ominous voice over or anything . 
  also i 'm not far right , i 'm not right at all , most people are n't , being against immigration does n't make you far right . 
  stop labeling people . 
  its nice to see / r/europe leaving this video up and the comments actually accepting this is a problem . 
  i 've seen far too much ideology pushing and censoring on here lately . 
  would n't surprise me if this is taken down eventually though , because this is totally racist / s , and europe is magical loving place accepting of all . 
  this illustrates pretty well my view of the eu , its like living at home with your parents . 
  its great while you ca n't support yourself , be it because you 're young , or made bad decisions/unlucky and need propping up . 
  if you 're strong and able to support yourself however it seems silly to stay , the lessons you 've learnt you 'll remember , and the ways of doing things you 'll still do . 
  there just is n't any needs to stay cooped up with your parents and brothers and sisters limiting your life choices . 
  honestly this analogy can go on forever . 
  you move out , but you still love your parents and call all the time and visit to help eachother out . 
  you just do n't need them telling you what to do and having so much control over what you can do . 
  nordic countries and the uk do n't need to stay in the eu , they get little/next to nothing out of it . 
  while you look at greece and other countries getting propped up , or ones who are on shaky ground law wise with the eu enforcing things which other countries would do regardless . 
  are you trolling in thinking everyone knows greek ? 
  what does the `` oxi '' mean ? 
  is it something to do with greece , and austerity ? 
  i took the pic from google , there were n't many , its probably an error hence why it was on the image search . 
  [ this one appeared a lot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pzsqrs2.png ), 
  for the uk its much better and more specific than this . 
  [ showing clearly where its raining/clear and temps ] ( http://imgur.com/a/htswr ) , the lilt ' e cloud graphics on this german one are redicuous . 
  it looks really weird , [ this is how the bbc weather forecast looks like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qi3ibn8.png ), 
  yeah sweden is n't in europe , and the guy is n't threatening europe ... oh wait : s, 
  risky posting this here , doubt it 'll be here long , but interesting to see an open isis supporter interviewed like this . 
  the interviewer seemed very intelligent and informed on the whole thing , which made a good interview . 
  heres an issue though i whole heartedly believe it was removed because it kinda does n't fit this subs agenda . 
  if that site has some pro eu article , that was overall positive it would be left up i 'm sure . 
  removing it because you legit feel it is n't a reliable site is a legit reason , and one which should be done . 
  however it is clearly only acted upon when the post is seen to be negative regardless of how true it might be , as it goes against this subs general fingers in ears approach to anything which may be negative about europe/eu etc.
