  so what is it that you do with those asylum seekers btw ? 
  why do n't people in calais ask for asylum ? 
  to me you 're just an anon working for propaganda i do not agree with , neither did i say i believe in the propaganda presented by `` article '' i mentioned . 
  worst argument i have heard lol, 
  please today i have read an article about a family of refugees living in poland decided to go back to damascus , because they did n't like it here . 
  well i guess social ai n't good enough and they did n't fancy the `` war zone '' . 
  shut yer trap if you got no idea about what you are talking about . 
  foreign citizens ???? 
  wow much clicks , bbc standards, 
  no no , i know there are people like that and i am pretty sure you could find these people in eu as well but i do n't see how is this funny or helpful if anyone is in need of such content he or she is beyond redemption unless they are 4 y.o or younger . 
  i have met many sad people in my life and i guess i am in the wrong place if we are here to laugh at such peeps l. i mean i do not find it funny anymoreee, 
  i mean how can you not know which is which, 
  is this for real ... ? 
  sorry but this pile of text is hurting my brain . 
  it talks about results in terms of being the reasons . 
  real brainwashed author . 
  also it is full of bad statistics ... well w/e feel free to follow this train of thought . 
  irrelevant , they would n't protect us anyway , just propaganda feed to make people go to war in first line . 
  at least trump is honest about it , somewhat . 
  maybe it will give our politicians something to think about , but that 's doubtful . 
  there is a problem because for the rule of the tribunal to be constitutional all the appointed judges must sign it . 
  otherwise the government would break the law by publishing it , even if it wanted to , not that it wants to . 
  the rule of law can not be maintained in this situation in my opinion no matter what you do ... because of this i lost interest in following the issue because the only way to set things right right now is either for tribunal to break the law or for the government to do the same thing ... 
  there is one option but that would be law working backwards which is another farse but that had been done in the past notoriously ... 
  either way both parties ( tribunal and governing pis ) are probably not going to give up and the state of lack of law enforces government position . 
  i am not a voter of either of the forces facing off ( the leader of the tribunal is backed by so called `` opposition '' embodied by po , . nowoczesna and sld and other ideologically left sided parties ) . 
  but this fight for power is quite silly as much as i do n't like both parties calling out for `` help '' from the eu is treason in my eyes but then we did n't have a good government for quite a while might as well be ruled by brussels or just let the people that rule now go away , i really wish they already died off from being old ( they all have connections from the previous system but that 's pretty obvious ) . 
  aah i did n't see the region for some weird reason i guess i missed it, 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  is this a bait ? 
  we did n't write this article even tough our medias are famous for creating `` echoes '' to cite themselves as western papers for `` confirmation '' of the rightfulness of their views . 
  but this time it 's not `` us '' . 
   left/right distinction in poland is so blurred they might as well switch the definitions and it would n't change anything . 
  pis has right-wing ideology but their social policies are more left-wing and so on . 
      long story short both parties suck and should die off . 
  are you sure you 're not living in poland ? 
  unless you get hit yourself : / that would be cool now would n't it, 
  what are you disagreeing with ? 
  politics is just building a specific network just like in any other brand . 
  and this is so sad , yet i can not imagine anything else than this or being `` menaged '' by an a.i. 
  this is quite good, 
  he won with his socialist party . 
  so was he a socialist or not . 
  if not then how do we know schulz is not the next hitler ? 
  well this is probably hard for him as well but he should n't do that . 
  i am sorry , hopefully you are ( all 3 of you ) going to make your lifes good . 
  ca n't really force him out from the sect/cult , especially since you are still young ( i guess ? ), 
  otherwise you might try talking some sense into him ( that is if you care ) , just be prepared for aggressive or semi-aggressive reactions , no one wants to hear his or her way of living and beliefs are `` wrong '' - especially when it comes to faith since there is no real way to prove he is `` wrong '' . 
  i see they are still a plague . 
  does he force his beliefs on you as well ? 
  because you know they do n't allow blood transfusion for example , even if it could save life . 
  i am not saying their beliefs are stupid just their restrictions and practices ... 
  what 's the name of the cult ? 
  soo , since hitler was a socialist are we goin to have another war ? 
  schulz tried to threaten some countries already . 
  also he is not the brightest guy , then again leaders in my country ai n't much better ... 
  i do n't really like islam , but i do n't see the connection to the turkish president . 
  also it seems this problem with not welcoming women into a caffee might be more complicated than #korantoldmetodoit . 
  i do n't know if you realize it but sometimes people with close to sick ambition for power are useful for keeping a country mildly civilized . 
  i really doubt that tatars are really the problem in here . 
  wow ... democracy without corruption , where did you get that from , cause i have never seen such a thing . 
  this is most delightful . 
  i said i am not against murder . 
  hmm why should it be when people say it is an individual ` case ' that can save a life . 
  sometimes you have to make hard decisions and sometimes you have to kill someone else in self defense . 
  sometimes you start a war so that the other side does n't surprise you with similar idea . 
  list can go on . 
  killing seems to be a part of human civilization, 
  it does , lets take babies that are not born as an example . 
  mind you i am not anti-abortion , i am just calling it murder . 
  they should just hang the fucker what kind of idea is deporting him . 
  sentence people in places the crime was commited , what 's so wrong with this ? 
  cool idea to make some money . 
  also , when someone states ` he/she is not a politician ' i start to get ideas he might be one . 
  i just find this whole idea hilarious . 
  there is no and have never been any such thing as a european unity . 
  but good luck to him . 
  by the time first comment appeared it was back to normal . 
  lol, 
  this is because pi\u0142sudski tried to conquer the independent lithuania , but almost none of the poles are aware of this at all ... you will not hear about this in school in here , i guess they do i lithuania . 
  then again i doubt kids in germany or kids in russia are being taught about their gray or darker history shades in much details . 
  and everyone is a racist . 
  french are just afraid to say the truth about what they think . 
  lol a paid troll or what ? 
  i have never heard of such an idea anywhrre . 
  truth has been spoken , we should be banned into oblivion for not catching up to high tech like cable tv or radio . 
  but russian and polish people do n't have a great firewall ... wtf ? 
  whatever , why do i even bother reading a generalising post . 
  you misunderstand it is not really hard to live in poland if you are smart , that 's what you assumed . 
  i guess royalty is a thing anywhere in the world . 
  i agreed with some comment below about not being able to spent the money he is trusted with the same way when a private/anonymous guy/girl is . 
  he is not really free to do whatever with his life unless he gives up the royalty thing , constantly monitored right now . 
  i know my manner of speech might seem weird , i am just trying to keep my comments shorts which leads to some misunderstandings i guess . 
  that 's actually a pretty good point , the one about wealth . 
  yet he gets an easy going life . 
  implying that either of these choices is better than the other, 
  golden . 
  yep , to spiece things up the most famous skimmer ( a device used to copy credit cards the guy used to run a factory ! sic ) creator lived in turkey as well , they really got some hardworking population for all the wrong reasons ( wrong from a certain point of view ) . 
  people do n't even realize how advanced turkey is , it does n't show because most of the wealth is probably kept by the minority - just a wild speculation as to why so many western people think turkey is some 3rd world country . 
  well good thing that applies to turkey because the size and value of their forces would make any intervention to costly to spread democracy .
