  mmmh . 
  interesting . 
  i should check some articles now . 
  maybe some things changed from when i read them . 
  things i 've read and seen on news channels some months ago . 
  true , but others are not , iirc things about food for example . 
  now i am not perfectly informed ( and i 'm not at home so i ca n't find the articles i read ) , however i 'm also not completely against it . 
  the basic idea is good afterall . 
  and then how does it work ? 
  i want to hear the other side of the story . 
  from what i know , it 's not right . 
  basically we are letting our rules loose in favor of the less strict american rules . 
  do n't forget salvini/lega nord . 
  oh i ca n't wait for that to happen , because this time there has to be a backlash . 
  the revolution is inevitable, 
  a 70-something years old man who had a stroke during the quake, 
  it depends on the university here really . 
  where i go there are 16 people a year allowed to get free housing out of something like 70 thousand ( and to get it you have to follow additional courses , one of which has to be the opposite of what you study , and get the highest grades ) . 
  no , because it had n't been bought by facebook at the time . 
  anyway i said : `` come to hangouts , it 's free and you can even have video calls . '', 
  no one listened . 
  can confirm , tried to move all my friends from whatsapp to google hangouts a couple of years ago . 
  never worked , it was too late . 
  and i 'm really eager to use allo !, 
  instead of whatsapp now ... 
  i hope i can get some of my friends there at least . 
  because it 's way easier to die or , anyway , have medical problems with heroin . 
  but you are still dirty afterwards actually . 
  that 's why the bidet is great : no need to take a shower . 
  i agree, 
  you are fucking right now that you reminded me !, 
  that 's why i consider spain and portugal superior nations . 
  yeah , i ca n't understand why here everyone has a bidet in every bathroom while in foreign countries you have to pray to even see one ... it 's like the most useful thing ever, 
  we created the sewage system while everywhere else people bathed in poo . 
  use the bidet you savages !, 
  incorrect . 
  as an italian i have to offer a slice of pizza or some pasta to make learners feel at home < 3, 
  great , now aussies can call us wankers righteously . 
  yes . 
  and in the uk she would have got like 2400 euros a month . 
  what can i say ? 
  it was 3 years ago though . 
   the salaries for available vacancies are miserable friend graduated in physics , job offered in italy would have given her 1000 euros a month , in germany 3000 a month ... 
  i guess most of the missing 42.5 % just went abroad, 
  that makes me sick ... 
  very old buildings + newer buildings not properly built = this, 
  i hope at least it wo n't take as long as in l'aquila to start rebuilding people 's houses . 
  you foreigners really a-like stereotypes !, 
  holy pizza ... 
  sure , i 've read some poems in other languages though , and they all lacked certain sounds that would create the musical flow present in a good part of italian poetry . 
  other languages have other characteristics in their poems . 
  just read the poem `` infinito '' by giacomo leopardi , or any other of his poems before the last part of his works . 
  the musicality is fucking perfect . 
  if i can remember some parts correctly by memory : * tanto caro mi fu quest ` ermo colle , e questa siepe , che tanta parte dell ` ultimo orizzonte il guardo esclude * * e mi sovvien l'eterno , e l'eterne stagioni , e la viva e il suon di lei * when you read it or listen to it in italian , you get grammatical orgasms . 
  \\* faints *, 
  slovenia has almost no coast though . 
  croatia on the other hand ... 
  `` thanks brexit ! '', 
  no problem , that ' a how i do too :d, 
  slovenia borders with italy !, 
  i do , as others . 
  you can say most do n't want it , not that nobody does . 
   french troops being ordered into battle to die by a german general ? 
  what 's the difference if in nato it 's the us to decide what to do ? 
  yes , did i do something wrong ? 
  oh dear what did i do ?!, 
  we are finally last at something !, 
  oh no wait , that 's how things usually go for us :(, 
  suddently comments say stupid things about net neutrality and no one has a flair ... interesting . 
  no , they would get bombed by the air force , killing 150 civilians and 1 hamas janitor . 
  then they will say that the tank was in a school . 
   fighting undemocratic people with undemocratic means to enforce democracy ? 
  while it is a contradiction , it 's necessary to stop someone like erdogan . 
  sure , in the short run it may not be ideal , but in the long run it would pay off . 
  sometimes you ca n't live abiding to your values if something as important as a country is in danger . 
  he did n't say that though, 
  but seeing the lack of power and during such confusion , i would do that if i were a kurdish separatist . 
  or maybe try to gain the military favour to get more rights ( afterall these guys do n't seem to be the baddies ), 
  a time of instability such as this would be a great time for kurds to rise up ... 
  potat republics ? 
  i would pay to watch that . 
  even on tv at 240p, 
  you can call the m5s a productive protest party only when talking about mayors ( where they are actually the only left-wing party ) . 
  on the national level they are full of idiots who blindly follow grillo ... 
  he is like farage , that 's why he dismissed the alliance with pd in 2013 . 
  yeah but for some reason it 's not that important for the population and almost no politician or even media talks about it now . 
  i have to yet take a stance as there might be some cons to the senate reform . 
  i 've had a wonderful experience with that . 
  we had a 10 minute lesson during history class in the last year of high school : /, 
  am i the only one who thinks the correct response to this article is just `` alright '' ? 
  henry viii trying to fix the ignition system of a car . 
  they do n't even know what they * had *, 
  meanwhile one of the conservative candidates says that she wo n't invoke article 50 before the end of the year ... 
  y' all need a lesson on pizza !, 
  \\* runs away *, 
  do n't you joke on hawaiian pizza with italians . 
  i care for your life . 
  diavola is actually my favourite pizza !, 
  but it also depends on where you take it . 
  some do n't even use spicy salame , * but * others do put ` nduja if you ask ( a thing from southern italy made of spicy smashed sausages ),
