  diavola has spicy salame !, 
  or you can have one with cheese and sausages ... and probably many others have meat but i do n't know every pizza :(, 
  brb i go to the best pizzeria in my city . 
  i hope they do deliveries . 
  oh come on !, 
  it 's all in good fun !, 
  now excuse me while i bribe people into upvoting every comment i make . 
  email your meps and express your support to scotland !, 
  yes very useless . 
  remember that when you wo n't pay any roaming charges abroad , alright ? 
  i do agree that the turnout is depressing . 
  i do what i can to get people interested in the ep elections , and everyone should too . 
  only a higher turnout ensures more power to the ep . 
  right . 
  i hope no one got hurt in that, 
  if he escaped because he saw the bomb though , firing again would have prevented the explosion : /, 
  honest question : the guy shot him and the terrorist fell down , why did n't he fire again instead of running away ? 
  so you think that something elected by you that decides the commission and that , when chosen , this commission also has to be approved by a second body always elected by you is not elected ? 
  then you should also think that your own ministries are unelected because decided by the pm or the party ... 
  so , if you are from the uk , you went to vote without knowing anything about them ? 
  wow ... 
  the parliament is elected by you , the citizen of the eu , and approves both laws and the commission ; the last elections were in 2014 . 
  the commission is the executive body and it 's made of 28 people , one from each country , voted by the european council ( made of every member state 's ministers , so it 's elected by eu citizens ) . 
  what exactly is unelected ? 
  ow ... do n't say that please . 
  almost half of the uk wanted to remain nonetheless, 
   in which the rules are all made in berlin via brussels do you know how the european commission works ? 
  or the european parliament ? 
  how do i do that ? 
  edit : done !, 
  when it happens i 'm buying an eu flag to fly around while chanting the ode to joy !, 
  i may look forward to it much more than i should ... 
  \\  implying it 's not the uk to have shot itself in the foot i doubt many things would be bought if outside the single market because of tariffs and who knows what else . 
  a lot of money not flowing to the uk . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  but you have control , and the commission is still waiting for article 50 ... 
  i think the plan for a fiscal union has already been laid out in , you can see it in the five presidents report published a week ago or something . 
  i agree with you . 
  but languages are something not to be touched . 
  remember the eu motto : '' * in varietate concordia * '', 
   kaczynski also insisted that an eu-wide president be chosen through a `` process of regional negotiation . 
   the president would have `` strictly defined , but stong rights to lead eu foreign policy regarding large entities like russia , china , the united states and india , while of course preserving the foreign policy of each individual member state . '', 
  what ? 
  we need a democratically elected president and a parliament that can propose laws . 
  we do n't need this populistic , semi-fascist and absolutely pro-nato thing . 
  if the uk stays in the common market , it 'll have to pay ( even more because some benefits go away ) , accept every approved law , allow free movement of workers and all without having a say . 
  yep , it 's the uk that will decide ... yeah ... you have just been fooled by johnson and farage . 
  teach angels to eat beans :(, 
  remember we love you poland !, 
  you 'll get better !, 
  no no !, 
  we are * totally * in the eu . 
  we are not signing anything with russia ... 
  yes !, 
  we can into top for once !, 
  i just did n't know how many people border guards would need, 
  is n't 1500 people a bit low ? 
  we do have a southern/eastern border of 3000 + kilometers ... 
  does that bus have something like '' # 350 million '' written on the side ? 
  i can confirm italians do exactly that . 
  especially grandmothers everywhere south of rome . 
  and her friend salvini from the northern league ... 
  i just ca n't stand them, 
  the italian ftse mib got at -12,5 % on the 24th ... yeah , i do n't think we will like it if they decide to not care about the referendum . 
  muh independence !, 
  finally it 's not others declaring it from me !, 
   not all boat migrants from africa are fleeing civil wars . 
  indeed . 
  in 2015 half of the migrants coming in italy were rejected ( data coming from the foreign ministry ) . 
  and half of the total got back to the country of origin by august , the process continues . 
  please , do n't say we accept economic migrants . 
  why would poland and hungary help italy ? 
  it 's not like we are all in a big supercountry ... oh wait , we are . 
  we are in this together , wether countries like it or not . 
  that 's why we have to share the burden , else that creates crises that would be nonexistent . 
  refugees are welcome , nationalists are not . 
  not all of africa has civil wars going on ... so no , not the entire africa . 
  lol `` fortress europe . '', 
  what 's next , the nsdap ? 
  do n't forget the autonomous collective !, 
  using them to stem yesterday 's downfall i guess . 
  well then , go to syria and try to live there in the middle of a war between state and rebels , with assad bombing anything , and isis trying to behead you . 
  you 'd expect some help if you wanted to go to a place where there 's no war ... how would you feel if you and your family drowned doing this , with the coast guard watching and laughing ? 
  spot on with the first part !, 
  we also have an obligation to save their lives . 
  getting in territorial waters of other nations to make migrants get back to countries with civil wars . 
  what could go wrong ? 
   we can how ? 
  our problem is not that migrants are arriving , but that some countries did n't want to share the burden and instead prefer to make only some do the work ( germany , greece , italy ) . 
  migrants want to get out because when they arrive they are in nations where they wo n't find a job ( greece and italy ) and you get border tensions that create useless alarmism piggybacked by the right wing . 
  now the eu has a migration problem because of some selfish nations and nationalism is on the rise . 
  the uk talks about migrants from other eu countries though , which are not illegal . 
  oh look , a xenophobic nationalist !, 
  australia does n't have 2000 km of borders with nations that have wars , revolts and hunger ( or border them ) and are in the reach of a boat . 
  exactly what i think : we ca n't stop it now , ve must deel vith eet . 
  we should have done things better in the past , this is the consequence and we ca n't complain . 
    the only way is to turn back every boat  our mediterranean neighbours are either not cooperating or in complete shambles how should we make boats turn back ? 
  do we ask nicely ? 
  or should we sink them as the right wing suggests ? 
  we simply ca n't .
