  that poll was about brexit , trade deals come after that . 
  exactly . 
  right after brexit i went on some of the uk subs . 
  what i got for pointing out how many times the uk had gotten special deals was the reddit equivalent of dirty and bewildered looks as i was told that the uk governments had been weak and submissive to the eu . 
  it was eye opening . 
  these people are the victims of 30-40 years of relentless anti-eu propaganda . 
  no matter what deal comes out , no matter if they get everything or nothing they will be told it was n't enough and that the eu wanted to punish them . 
  at this point we might as well just aim for the best outcome for us . 
  i do n't know where you live , but as somebody who works outside and at night 6 nights a week , i can assure you that your wife should either always have been concerned for her safety or should n't be now either . 
  it appears we agree . 
  at least you 're honest . 
  it 's a good thing i did n't call anybody a right-winger . 
  what i did say is that right-wingers use centrist terms to push an agenda most centrists would n't agree with . 
  nobody is setting themselves on fire . 
  we 've got plenty of warmth to go around . 
  so many people use all those terms as code words for `` no muslims '' that it is incredibly hard to actually distinguish people who are genuine in those believes and people who just use it as a justification . 
  it 's the typical anti-elitist talk with which right-wing populists try to snatch up undecided voters . 
  let 's not even talk about the strawmen in those arguments . 
  the argument as the minister and you believe is still bullshit . 
  there are plenty of people here who are in the same situation and believe in those same principles . 
  i live across the street from a refugee home and make just enough to get by . 
  while i would say that the crisis was badly handled , i fully support the principle of helping people coming from countries torn apart by civil war and ruled by dictators . 
  pretty sure everything i just mentioned you can read in my post history . 
  i was thinking along the lines of legal troubles creating a popularity hit . 
  probably should have mentioned that . 
   frankly the only time merkel showed she had guts and leadership was in the refugee crisis nope , the exact opposite actually : https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article162582074/fast-haette-merkel-die-grenze-geschlossen.html they wanted to close the borders but nobody wanted to take the popularity hit . 
   farage seems to be hell bent on destroying the entire thing and dragging all european countries out of it . 
  and to me it 's becoming less and less clear on why . 
  in almost a decade of reading what crazy people write , i have noticed a particular pattern of thought that has n't quite reached the level of a conspiracy theory yet . 
  the eu is a project that has never been tried before , and it 's logical conclusion is a superstate - a multiethnic superstate . 
  there 's a peculiar word in german describing switzerland : willensnation - a nation/state that created itself from the pure will of it 's people without any real cultural connection . 
  if you are an ethno-nationalist - a rather common idea amongst the far-right these days - and believe that such a multiethnic society ( willensnation ) is n't just doomed to fail but fundamentally against the natural order of things , than the existence of the eu itself is offensive . 
  it is as offensive to them as slavery , racial discrimination or any other form of bigotry is to most of us . 
   yeah that 's bizarre ... monopolies are bad for everyone . 
  no , it 's capitalism at it 's finest . 
  the american isps get more profit out of milking their customer base than competing with each other . 
  therefor , they do n't compete and milk their customer base . 
  we have a similiar situation here in germany with the big power companies . 
  it probably would n't even help the afd , but schulz . 
  the thing is that for people who write stuff like that his positions bare a few are irrelevent . 
  unless you hate islam , believe france/europe is being flooded by foreigners and sound somewhat idiotic and simplistic they do n't care . 
  they do n't ask questions about policy , fiscal responsibility or morals . 
  all they care is whether he hates the same people they do and that determines what he can get away with and whether he 's good or not . 
   morocco would be terrible as a democracy in its current state , and their king does a decent job . 
  [ a truly decent job . 
  ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/middle-east-and-north-africa/morocco/report-morocco/ )  it 's a stable and safe country and many people live very happy lives there . 
  except if you disagree with the government too much , at which point you might find yourself disappeared . 
   nobody is entitled to 1st-world living standards and we ca n't afford to pay for everyone 's lifestyles to be elevated to that level . 
  first of all that is possible you 'd just have to take a lot of money from the whealthy . 
  secondly , nobody here is saying that is what should be done , but if people are n't poor in their home country they 'll stop coming here . 
  which is what you want , right ? 
  or would you also like to not spend any money on the actual people and prop up a regime so that every once in a while they 'll know their place ? 
   they can go back to morocco and help improve the country themselves , and one day they will be ready to elect a proper democratic government . 
  yes , once the masters grant them realisation of rights if they proof loyal enough . 
  seriously , think about what you 're saying here . 
   i did n't see china complaining about being poor , even after 10s of millions of people were killed by famine . 
  have n't got clue what maoism is all about , huh ? 
   they sorted their shit out , worked hard and made themselves wealthier . 
  oh yes , purely by hard work . 
  did n't have a thing to do with creating special economic zones where investment was cheap and human or even worker 's rights where fever dreams they had once heard of . 
  so what you 're saying is that morocco not being a democracy while also being poor are n't push factors ? 
  `` european '' is a popular euphemism used by white nationalists in the us for `` white '' . 
  it 's one of those tactics they use to tell themselves and others it 's about culture not skin tone . 
  what do you think would help with this situation ? 
  where you under the impression that i wanted to recruite norway into the eu ? 
   still our policies seems to work significantly better for us i 'm sure this is entirely dependent on policy and not at all connecting to the constant several decades long cash infusion from high salaries of those working in the oil industry . 
   than eus policies seems to work for them as evident by this thread the problem with our policies is that our politicians half-assed them . 
   that is more important for me than whether you consider my views to be rational . 
  oh it does n't really matter what we think . 
  the eu will be fine entirely independent of what norway does and norway will be fine independet of what the eu does . 
  but yes , i still think that accepting regulations you did n't have any input in creating to not be entirely on the rational side . 
  norway is a country that has signed up for almost all the regulations without having a real voice in drafting them . 
  i 'm not expecting rational choices there . 
   there is no three pillar structure anymore and it was criticised by academics anyway . 
  the three pillar-structure was abolished in 2009 with the lisbon treaty . 
  i meant it more as an ideological backdrop for conversations about `` european values '' than an actual legal framework . 
  pillar three is a logical conclusion of pillar one , pillar two a strategical choice and pillar four goes well together with human rights as further commitment of solidarity not just inside one country but between all union members - a commitment to union wide social democracy . 
   creating a welfare and living standard is something the eu seems to pursue already . 
  yes in the usual half-assed non-binding way . 
   however , it would be very difficult to implement , as you need agreement of all eu member states to take fiscal measures , according to the treaties . 
  i 'm also talking about giving agents of european agencies executive powers in all member states , so i 'm pretty sure new treaties would have to drawn up anyway and in quite a few countries changes to the respective constitutions would have to be made . 
   you mean right to initiative right ? 
  cause the parliament already has legislative powers . 
  well , with an elected executive branch the commission would take an advisory role for those offices . 
  those offices would then have the right to initiative , but the commission itself should and would lose that right . 
  also that was horrible phrasing on my part . 
   so do you want to make the rules for joining less strict ? 
  yes and no . 
  i want them to shift away from the single governments and towards a more common decision making process . 
  i think it 's a bit of farce that any european administration ( many elected without a clear majority ) can block entry of other countries . 
  the chances for abuse or tactical maneuvering are just to much . 
   or was your point only about the referenda , which the eu ca n't really force upon member states ? 
  i guess my shitty phrasing strikes again . 
  the country wanting to become a member has to have referendum , within the eu the described legislative process would take over . 
  for example : * kosovo has fulfilled all the requirements to join ( let 's just say this is somewhat in the future ) * the officer that runs the application process declares that all agreements have been met , so they move in the ep to have a vote * kosovo holds a refendum with positive outcome towards membership under the agreements * the vote passes in the ep * the spanish government calls for an eu wide referendum , arguing that kosovo is not an independent state and therefor can not join * all citizens of the eu participate in a referendum on kosovo joining the eu ( based upon previous agreements ) - if the vote comes out positive spain 's only legal remedy is exiting the eu or sitting down and shutting up . 
  if it comes out negative , kosovo has to work hard to gain reccognition and go through the process again . 
  currently spanish administration ( which may not even have the support of the spanish electorate in that specific issue ) could just block kosovo from entry by not signing . 
   i am against that as it would lead to more brexit situations ( because countries think they can get a more favourable position ) and would really compromise the eu . 
  i do n't think it would lead to more brexit situations because countries would now be given an out for certain policies the population feels strongly about . 
  each and every country starts with the exact same rights and duties of all others it would be up to the population to decide if they want to give up some duty and the corresponding right .
