  from everything i 've heard and read from refugees themselves the great majority of them want a stable job , security and that european middle-class life they 've heard about . 
  what did you read/watch/hear / find out in conversation that says differently ? 
  that 's because they where told that germany and sweden are wonderful places , but they only know the basics of spain and portugal . 
  the fact is that if you 're a refugee from any third world country most places in europe you 'd be fine from a material standpoint , it 's just that these people do n't know that . 
  actually on the paying-for-front , some german politicians argued during the height of the refugee crisis that financial assistance for not so wheathly countries would n't be a problem ( you have to understand , it never was about money why germany wanted to distribute people ; we were literally running out of physical space - refugees where sleeping in city hall storage rooms ... ) . 
  the jobs issue is still a big deal and you are right to criticise that point , but spain did fin a few years ago , it will do fine again in a few years . 
  the financial crisis and economic downturn just hit at the worst possible time . 
   everybody who just lives here can vote in municipal elections . 
  like eu citizens that reside in germany already can . 
  different political camps . 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  damn english with it 's missing pronoun for on/man ... 
  it does n't directly threaten a child 's health , such as physical violence or a bad diet does . 
  while not teachig your kid how to swim does qualify as shitty parenting , i do n't think it qualifies as abuse . 
  i know how to swim ... 
  i mean if i did n't go looking for water to swim in it would be years until even the chance arose . 
  honestly , if i was n't going to the pool a few times every summer i would never even get to anywhere even remotely close to swimming . 
  see my edit - or my two answers to the other guys . 
  i 'm arguing that it is n't `` abuse '' because it does n't threaten the health of the child . 
  you should teach your kids swimming but my point is that if you do n't not letting them go swimming is enough to nullify that effect , while only feeding them butter is bad for their health from a diatery perspective . 
   do n't tell me you advocate for those backward practices ? 
  what 's next ? 
  a pool time only for jews ? 
  actually i 'm staunchly opposed to both gender-segregated pe classes and people refusing to participate in swimming lessons . 
  as a german i know what the usual argument is , which i was paraphrasing . 
  i 'm arguing that it is n't `` abuse '' because it does n't threaten the health of the child . 
  you should teach your kids swimming but my point is that if you do n't not letting them go swimming is enough to nullify that effect , while only feeding them butter is bad for their health from a diatery perspective . 
  odd ... 
  we played water polo in swimming a few times . 
  we had gender-seperated pe classes as well . 
  only later we had mixed classes when it was necessary economically . 
  and yes that distraction thing has some truth to it - although that seems to go both ways . 
  might be some catholic influence , i think . 
  `` girls , we know you do n't have your period every second week '' - actual thing my teacher had to say . 
  except that not participating in swimming lessons does n't actually threaten your health , as most likely the refusal does n't come from a believe that swimming itself is sinful but because the pool is probably mixed gender . 
  edit : apparently people ca n't follow an argument properly , so let me state it very clearly : i 'm against gender-segregation in education and i 'm against not participating in any education programme for any religious reasons . 
  what i did do in this comment is say that muslims who do n't let their daughters participate in swimming lessons probably do n't hate swimming for religious reasons , but object to having their daughters exposed to men . 
  i do n't think it 's a legitimate reason , but i do n't either believe this amounts to `` abuse '' because it does n't threaten the health of the child - now if they where refusing to let their daughters learn how to swim in general that could be grounds for an accusation of abuse . 
  yeah , i 'd be in rhineland too . 
  so we 've got some french , tarte flamb\u00e9e , epic amounts of wine , several financial centers , prestigious universities ( heidelberg , mainz , frankfurt , strasbourg , darmstadt ) and gorgeous scenery ... yeah , i 'm ok with this . 
  yes . 
  new york city is generally considered to be part of the [ mid-atlantic region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mid-atlantic_states ) , although thanks to it 's geography of being wedged between them it shares cultural similiarities with both . 
  this is made worse by the fact that the [ new york metropolitan area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_york_metropolitan_area ) is split between new england and mid-atlantic and as nyc spent a considerable amount as america 's premier port city immigrants have over centuries changed the culture and identity of it to be somewhat different than the rest of ne or ma giving rise to the idea that nyc is sort of it 's own region . 
  depends on what you want to signal . 
  munich would be the choice if you want to pronounce that bavarians have subdued franks and swabians ( equal rules apply for stuttgart for swabians and nuremberg for franks ) . 
  if you wanted to pronounce cooperation you might choose augsburg which belongs to the state of bavaria but is part of swabia as a cultural sphere , is big enough to support a government and is a very old city . 
  stuttgart is seen as the capital of swabia and traditionally the capit ~ ~ o ~ ~ al of w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  there 's a rivalry between bavaria and swabia/w \u00fcrttemberg . 
  it 's like making a state called united republics of new england and making new york city the capit ~ ~ o ~ ~ al instead of boston . 
  it 's alright . 
  our relationship with history seems to be hard to understand for many outsiders and even harder to put into words for ourselves . 
   political gestures do n't threaten the german state , it 's the people behind them that might . 
  that 's what i mean by cooling effect . 
  the thread of illegal action might make some of them think twice about doing it , limiting their capacity to recruit . 
  this slows down their movement  if reichsburger start blocking access to voting booths , okay , that 's a violent attack on a core part of democracy . 
  we 're not taking about reichsb\u00fcrger , but about neonazis . 
  those are two different groups in the german right-wing for which different responses are needed . 
   heavy physical violence for that is totally disproportionate . 
  in fact i would call it inhumane . 
  i would n't call punching somebody in the face `` heavy violence '' . 
  that terms sounds more like planned and targeted beatings or attacks with weaponery . 
   you do n't prevent governments from falling using violence . 
  ehm , what history books have you been reading ? 
  also it is n't about government . 
  my point is that we ca n't rely on the government because it may fall and even if it does the people have to willing to fight neonazis . 
   your only option is to have the people on your side . 
  i do n't think acts of self-justice are any help in that respect . 
  all they do is victimise nazis . 
  the german people are firmly against nazis . 
  no amount of violence against them is going to evoke sympathy . 
  i mean ffs , we 're in a country where christian conservatives do n't say anything against antifa beating up neonazis . 
  having a serious interest is n't wrong , but only being interested in it for it 's hard right policies is problematic . 
  especially when that interest is displayed in a public building in which to serve you have to swear and oath of allegiance to liberal constitution ... 
  yes , very right-wing . 
  in fact i do n't think even our neonazis want that land back . 
  the general consensus is that those areas are now polish and russian and that 's just alright they way it is . 
  if they are an authoritarian communist glorifying stalin or mao i would have more pity than rage with them . 
  but i 'd have about as much empathy as with a nazi . 
  whether or not you ought to is your personal choice . 
  i do n't think people are ashamed of them as much as weary of people who seem to have an oddly specific interest in the military of an authoritarian monarchy which among other things committed a genocide . 
  there are plenty of people who have an interest in the time period and at least i would n't be suspicious of them in the least . 
  you call it fucked up , i call it having the historical understanding that laws are not perfect or not being naive . 
  the state is violence and a state of law is the idea that violence needs to be controlled and follow certain ( egalitarian ) rules set by society . 
  illegal violence like this is ( i think ) needed as a cooling factor on those who threaten our govermnmental system and way of life , because government is only a construct that can fall very fast . 
  and personally i do n't think i will punch a nazi , but i do understand that there needs to be a clear message that society as whole will violently resist far beyond the existence of the state any attempt of these people to take power , if need be to the point of self-destruction . 
  it 's less about ww1 and more about the authoritarian monarchism and colonialism including the implied racism . 
  there 's also a far-right movement called [ reichsb\u00fcrger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsb%c3%bcrgerbewegung ) . 
  just because you support beating them up does n't mean you do n't understand that whoever is doing it did something illegal and ought to be prosecuted for it . 
  the law is n't just and justice is n't the law . 
  if you have n't yet noticed , the nazis will do that no matter if you punch them or not . 
  capitalist whack-a-mole . 
  then you incorporatise your management services and pay everything you need through your company or even smoother , you pay yourselves a wage so low you do n't pay income tax . 
  you 're somewhat conveniently leaving out australia where the cost of tuition ( called student contribution ) is basically non-existent and the percentage still clocks in at about 42 % . 
  new zealand on the other hand has schemes but also [ some serious student debt issues ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/personal-finance/news/article.cfm?c_id=12&amp;objectid=11787574 ) . 
  the kiwis have 36 % of 25-64 year-old with teriary education . 
  in ireland the rate is 41 % and the student fees are on level even lower than that of australia . 
  so in all but one of the major anglophone countries rates of tertiary education are high , no matter whether or not that education is free . 
  this seems to be more of a cultural issue than a system framework setting up certain things . 
  it may be that people in anglophone countries overemphasise the importance of tertiary education thereby creating the very conditions for people to need get tertiary education and as a result the market reacts with higher tuition fees as private and public institutions compete with one another . 
   obviously , this is a complicated topic and there are complicated reasons for these numbers but i do think there are many valid arguments for charging money for university education .
