  i 'm talking about the establishment of silent cartels like it has happend with isps in the us . 
   people are n't forced to work for an employer . 
  they can leave whenever they want . 
  no , but they are stuck in a system of exploitation . 
  at least be human enough not to argue for a system of several different castes of exploitable labour . 
  i did n't say that . 
  it is an inherent trait of our government not to show any personality . 
  accoring to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sos_racisme ) the norwegian branch was an outlier and closely connected to a stalinist party . 
  treat them the same way we treat white supremacists . 
   but you ca n't deny that the `` integration creep '' method has backfired and left eu open to accusations that it was being sneaked in the backdoor . 
  the phrase `` ever closer union '' has been part of european treaties since 1957 . 
  we euro-federalists have been loud for decades . 
  it 's really not our fault if people simply choose not to hear it . 
   the social taboo against debt runs so deep . 
  i mean you use the same word for debt and guilt ffs actually we have two terms for debt : schulden and verbindlichkeiten . 
  schuld is a different thing . 
  schulden is always plural , schuld is always singular . 
  they are etymologically related though . 
  english had [ a cognate ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/shild ) but it fell out of use . 
  but you are missing the point . 
  fiscal conservatism does n't mean low taxes and low investment , it means that you do n't increase the debt by much . 
  or in other words , if you 're going spend a lot , tax a lot . 
  i was talking about having 11 million illegal immigrants in your country who thanks to being afraid to go to a doctor have become a public health risk . 
  i guess it [ helps with integration ] ( http://time.com/money/3611885/healthcare-costs-insurance-delaying-care/ ) . 
   the slow was the result of the economic slowdown . 
  maybe i should have been more clear . 
  it was n't just a slow down , it was a reversal . 
  negative net migration from mexico : people originally from mexico and americans leaving the us for mexico . 
  friedman 's analysis does n't apply to the us anymore , because neither are people still coming to it , nor is their any real welfare system to be threatened and there will be even less of one until 2020 . 
  friedman is still right ( which is rare enough ) about actual welfare states , but thanks to his own influence in advancing libertarian agenda and other scams such as trickle down economics the us is n't a welfare state anymore . 
   brookings is a center-left political think tank . 
  you say that as is if being centre-left is enough to dismiss something - which is funny for a person linking to a video of milton friedman . 
  the brookings institute is one of most renowned think tanks in the world . 
   me either . 
  or the economic planners in the bureaucracy . 
  congratulations , you 're a person with questionable morals . 
   the us presently has an unemployment rate of 4.4 % . 
  this is approximately full employment level for the us . 
  i think that we 're okay on unemployment . 
  you 're a country with minimum wage 7.25 $ where the living wage is between 15 $ -20 $ / h. 
  how do you think trump and all the other klansmen in suits got into government ? 
  congrats on the 4.4 % unemployment , even though the reduction to that mostly happend by people giving up or becoming working poor . 
   sure they will . 
  if they ca n't produce competitively , they 'll go out of business and some other country will sell produce instead . 
  until demand rises hight enough , then you can get ready to pay 12 $ for a pack of carrots as the others will just stop competing . 
   i think that friedman 's correct again : he is , just the us does n't fit into that category anymore . 
   their children will get legal status , though , go through the educational system here , and make more money . 
  if you 're going to go for indentured servitude , the standard in [ previous centuries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indentured_servitude#the_americas ) was n't a lifetime . 
   would be politically-infeasible to change them well , in america that has no relation to whether or not a policy is sensible or not . 
   and illegal immigrants are net economically-advantageous to the us , since we do n't extend welfare to them . 
   youtube : milton friedman : illegal immigration only helps when it 's illegal given the erosion of the american welfare state since the seventies , the economic growth in latin america it is [ projected ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/brookings-now/2017/03/23/why-undocumented-immigration-from-latin-america-to-the-u-s-will-slow-to-a-crawl-even-without-a-border-wall/ ) that there will be no floodgates opening . 
  in fact , it is [ already the case ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2015/11/19/more-mexicans-leaving-than-coming-to-the-u-s/ ) . 
  as this the new reality of americans  further , i would expect that illegal immigration to the us happens explicitly because the us administration wants it . 
  well , the oligarchs and lobbyist that control the american government do n't mind , also as a bonus they now have scapegoat for why americans ca n't find jobs ( even though of course , in reality mary-sue job did n't to go maria but to shenzhen ) . 
   the `` want to work '' thing does n't make sense . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/05/us/farmers-strain-to-hire-american-workers-in-place-of-migrant-labor.html https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/05/15/north-carolina-needed-6500-farm-workers-only-7-americans-stuck-it-out/?utm_term=.418d8418a019 http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-fi-farms-immigration/ well , no it does n't . 
  but that 's the 1st world for you . 
   if it needs to be done , wages rise until someone will do it , if it 's viable . 
  if it 's not , that industry will go elsewhere . 
  let 's be honest . 
  we 're talking about farming here , they wo n't go anywhere else - that 's kinda the point . 
   the bigger question is whether the us as a whole is economically better-off from illegal immigration , and the answer there is `` yes '' . 
  i think that , given my previous points on the milton friedmann video the us of the early 21st century would be even better of transforming a whole lot of those illegal immigrants and especially those working on farms into some sort of legal status . 
  they ca n't enforce their immigration laws because illegal immigrants are needed in several industries ( mosty farming ) where americans do n't want to work anymore . 
  america 's problem is that it is holding on to laws that clash with reality and are therefor not enforcable . 
  i think australia benefits massively from it 's isolated geography . 
  i believe the answer to the refugee crisis is a welcoming culture that is attached a strict code of conduct ( the laws ) with thre thread of forceful removal . 
  if we simply enact laws such as australia 's we 're going to end with situation like in america , where we have millions of illegal immigrants that ca n't be removed without causing economic issues via labor shortages . 
  now the only question is how to turn russia into an ocean . 
  because that worked well in the us , right ? 
  well , it would work if you do n't keep voting for the conservative party 3 times in a row ... 
  the problem is that nobody wanted a federation or even a confederation at the start . 
  but while the eu as an institution may not be popular , european integration as concept is popular . 
  so we need to get the message to people that instead of abandoning the entire concept we need to reform the eu . 
  that 's going to be hard , because while it means that we will benefit from it greatly we need to sell 27 nations on the idea of possibly being democratically defeated and willingly accepting that . 
  we germans are the last people who want an eu dominated by us . 
  we may be opinionated and patronising ( sometimes purely by accident ) but not stupid . 
  so we need other countries to be equally opinionated to come to good solution that work for the majority of europeans . 
  i do n't think fiscal conservatism is the problem . 
  it 's basically the idea that you should n't spend more than you have , the real debate lies around what you want to do and how to finance it . 
  for example , we are happy to help eastern europe with developement because it makes sense and does n't cost us that much . 
   and some in fi do n't hope it either , but that 's because their worldview would be too massively challenged the biggest issue i see with fi ( as a fellow socialist no less ) is that they seem to think that cutting labor rights would and can only result in the workers beings worse off . 
  they have to understand that if the social safety net is shifted away from the companies and towards the state based on progressive taxation of the private person who owns the company which can now work better , it would greatly improve the life of workers . 
  of course what would help even more is more cooperatives , but m\u00e9lenchon himself does n't seem to like those much either judging from his economical programme . 
  cost efficiency and integration are the main reasons for it . 
  we like to save money and get a feeling of common destiny from it . 
   furthermore while europe remains a set of sovereign nation states , it wo n't be a single military in anything more than name as different national forces will ultimately be under the power of their nation state and not the eu . 
  i think that 's an essential part of what has to change . 
  there should be common and directly elected executive branch of the eu which manages those parts of sovereignty that a single eu member nation has given over . 
  this ca n't be half-assed like the euro or schengen . 
  we do n't support using our military either . 
  what is your point ? 
   vehemently pacificistic countries like germany [ polling suggests ] ( https://www.fes.de/de/presse/aktuelle-pressehinweise/umfrage-knappe-mehrheit-fuer-europaeische-armee/ ) that there is majority for it in germany ( also see the 2015 eurobarometer poll , where support was a mere 2 % lower but opposition much higher ) . 
  pretty ardent euro-federalist here . 
  yep , full support for single unitary military . 
  are dutch/belgian nickelodeon and disney channel not also for smaller kids ? 
  that 's definitely their programming over here . 
  kid 's programming in the morning , stuff for younger teenagers in the afternoon . 
  i do n't know , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  are n't those kids channels ?
