  either that or you completely ignored the question and kept spouting your opinion . 
  honestly not sure which is worse . 
  is [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/sahra-wagenknecht-haelt-koalition-mit-martin-schulz-fuer-moeglich-a-1136114.html ) what dogmatism looks like to you ? 
  she literally put only two things forth as the basis of any talks : 1 . 
  restore/fix the welfare state . 
  peaceful foreign policy . 
  you know , `` you 're dogmatic unless you 're willing to sell out your core principles '' ? 
   west germany still outnumbers the east 4-1 . 
  yes , but the linke is n't as demonised everywhere as it is in bw or bavaria . 
  we both know the economic growth of the last years has n't reached the poor in the west who wo n't be as critical given the platforms involved . 
   the spd will have to commit to either going with rrg or not doing so . 
  there is simply no way around that . 
  what you are suggesting for the spd would be interpreted as them going for rrg as they did in in saarland . 
  which is about 2/3 of the talking point that the cdu will bring forth and to which the spd can answer that they have made a decision - based on policy not on party history - and now it is the linke 's choice . 
  the spd will lose votes if they rule it out and if they do n't rule it out . 
  also people need to stop comparing elcetion results from western germany to federal election results . 
  it may fly wonderfully to argue against rrg in saarland , bavaria or bw but if you pull that in berlin or brandenburg you 're gon na hurt yourself real bad . 
  cdu might fear-monger about it but the spd will simply say that it depends on whether linke will be reasonable , which makes them look reasonable , principled and not petty af . 
  mix in something about merkel not having any real policies and therefor having to base her campaign on fearmongering and you 've pretty much disarmed that bomb . 
  even if the afd was willing to do that which since last week we know they are n't , this would end the cdu . 
  huh ? 
  did n't you forget about rrg there ? 
  which is the next issue - how is it enforced ? 
  it ca n't be illegal to tell your daughter it 's shameful not to wear a headscarf , or a skirt with at least knee length ( for the catholic fundies ) . 
  because that 's their opinion . 
  you also ca n't really legislate that parents have to treat their children lovingly and consent to everything , that would just create a case of state terror where parents have to agree with the state or else . 
  by the time this reaches anything that can be feasably prosecuted it 's already prosecutable as something else . 
  we can all agree that women should n't be forced to wear or not wear something by their families , husbands or the state . 
  the best we can do is tell young girls and adult women that they are free , that they do n't have to do wear or do anything that is n't prescribed by law or which they agreed to in a contract . 
  and make it clear that only they themselves by simply asserting that freedom can really grant it to them and when they do so have their back . 
  have you left the breaks on again ? 
  that damn aggressive eu , reminding the public that it would accept the logical outcome of two different treaties the uk signed . 
   a lot about the previous history 1850 ~ - 1930 is basically blank . 
  i have no idea where you went to school but it was n't here in bw . 
   and you have to recognise that the unions in a working welfare state are effectively part of the government in terms of the power they hold . 
  they hold as much influence as the private sector , which i think makes a lot of sense . 
  you have society where both parts of the employment contract hold equal influence over the state that 's going to create a balanced system and stability . 
  and they happen to have a welfare state that makes up for a purely legal loss of worker 's rights essentially by shifting the cost from the employers to the general public which is then supported by a progressive taxation system based on solidarity . 
  the nordic model allows for singular businesses ( no matter whether privately owned or socially owned ) to be highly reactive to the market while also providing a secure environment to do business in . 
  if you did n't include ludicrous libertarian ideology stuff like `` spending as a percentage of gdp '' or at least adjusted that for how efficient that state is in spending money they 'd rank even higher . 
  actaully both [ canada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_canada#key_industries ) and [ australia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_australia#sectors ) have lower tax rates and less public spending than the united states . 
  it 's basically because of geography and low population density . 
  both are resource rich countries ( high profit margins for mining etc ) so they need to tax less to provide their people with the basic necessities which if you follow social democratic ideals have to be provided . 
  [ switzerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_switzerland#economic_sectors ) is dark blue for the same reason , just with different ( not natural resource related ) industries , such as banking , food conglomerates , high-end production and various patent giants ( pharmaceuticals being a major part ) . 
  this high profit margin framework is supported by a large structure of well-paying jobs in services , agriculture and tourism . 
  [ scandinavia is nordic model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ) related , high public spending , an expansive welfare state and prominent unions make it possible to have very few regulations which is why they come out on top . 
  the us has an economy that is mostly built around services , retail and production - which are all industries with low profit margins so that with a much larger population the us has to tax at higher rate just to keep the lights on - providing public services such as in a social democracy would mean targeted taxing for certain highly profitable industries ( banking , insurance ) if you do n't want to bankrupt a long list of companies . 
  there 's also the systemic issue of the us government and the state governments being really bad at spending money efficiently . 
  the thing this `` study '' / piece of propagandistic trash does that is so dishonest is equate low taxes with good and high taxes with bad , without taking standard of living , composition of an economy , demographics , or crime into account . 
   this measure has to be purely employer - and investor-centric , for them to be saying this bullshit . 
  no , it 's 100 % motivated by libertarian ideology . 
  made so libertarian commentators and people on the internet can follow the news and tell americans that whatever happend is all caused by economic freedom so the next time they vote they remember that country . 
  it 's also the reason sweden and denmark appear blue and venezuela appears in the same color as the planned economy cuba even though it still is market economy with private ownership of the means of production . 
  no real economic thinking went into this . 
  it 's 100 % `` we let a computer program run the numbers and this is what happened to fit the narrative '' . 
  it 's straight from the [ the heritage foundation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_heritage_foundation#funding ) . 
  the kind of advoacy group/think tank that has a hard on for the current us administration . 
  brought to you by businessmen wanting tax cuts . 
  finally estonia can into nordic !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ngo_monitor not exactly a neutral organisation . 
  which should be clear if you 've even read a bullet point from that side . 
   breaking the silence is a non-government organization that publishes testimonies of veterans from the israeli defense force to shed light on the israeli occupation of the west bank . 
  b'tselem is a non-profit that documents human rights abuses in occupied territories . 
  sounds like two good organisations ? 
   a source told local station channel 2 news that `` israel lays down a clear policy , despite its close ties with germany - with the aim of preventing the erosion caused by meetings between european representatives and these organizations . '', 
   `` this message was clearly conveyed to the germans , '' an official told `` times of israel . '', 
  the report was also confirmed by `` associated press . '', 
   the country 's deputy foreign minister tzipi hotovely said on twitter that she supported the ultimatum , saying it would help fight defamation of israel . 
  ah , i get it now ... right-wingers gon na right-wing, 
  that 'd be `` lyrics '' . 
  that has certainly a part in it . 
  but you do n't get to that stage of us vs. them thinking if you 're semi-successful without major psychological problems . 
  it 's about keeping people away from that kind of thinking . 
  because if they do n't get there they also wo n't get to a point where they think fighting for allah gives their life purpose . 
  i think it would be a lot easier to give these people a real chance rather than trying to get them out of the country - which in france is completely impossible because most of them have french citizenship and where even born in france . 
  it 's not about the person themselves . 
  it 's about sociology and psychology . 
  you ca n't tell every poor person that they just need to work hard and they 'll make it if the economy is n't strong enough to reach full employment you wo n't reach full employment . 
  i 'm not saying give them money , i 'm saying make it so that people can have an occupation . 
  literally something that will occupy their time in a meaningful way and make money so they feed , clother and house themselves . 
  whether you move up or down should of course be a question of meritocracy . 
  melenchon looks like you ca n't be quite sure if he 's going to write you a poem or dismember you with an axe . 
  when walmart tried to expand into germany one of the reasons they failed was because the greeters smiling at you where seen as absolutely creepy . 
  well , not just income inequality also the hopelessness of urban poverty which exists because of racism , [ over-regulation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/677zgx/french_elections_vote_transfer_prediction_for/dgoix2j/ ) and vicitim-blaming . 
  which then becomes the usual powder keg of `` bored young angry males with a lot of time '' . 
  if you look into terrorists in france and belgium you 'll see that a lot of them were quite recently petty criminals . 
  in germany we had a guy go to syria and commit war crimes there and later getting convicted for that here - but just a few months before leaving for syria he rapped about being a gangster . 
  these angry young men , may they have an immigrant background or not , are looking for meaning in their life . 
  and at this point they are faced with a choice . 
  either they embrace the system they live in ( which is how you get gangsters or completely amoral businessmen ) or they become extremists ( radicals trying to change the world through violence , in which the violence becomes a revenging act ) . 
  both interestingly and of course there is connection between the choice of ideology and somebodies ethnic background . 
  somebody who is of muslim descent is much more prone to choose to fight for daesh than jean-luc from small rural village . 
  on the other hand jean-luc is much more prone to white supremacy and fascist movements . 
  if you want to truly fight extremism the only way your going to get anywhere is to not give people a reason not to be angry . 
  shitton of fdp voters noped out of the fdp . 
  the thick black line from cdu/csu towards `` deceased '' also speaks volumes . 
  melenchon is n't a trotskyite . 
  you must be thinking of nathalie arthaud . 
  it 's a mixture of `` bullshit '' and `` it does n't matter '' . 
  it 's also used as dismissal for stupid answers .
