  if you do n't want any of it you clearly want to burn down the restaurant . 
  for all countries i picked the situation of a single adult without prior knowledge of the language . 
  every country i found data on had the possibility of special cases and special treatment for spouses of citizens . 
  many had much lower requirements for refugees and people who have become stateless . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#naturalisation_as_a_german_citizen edit : i looked through other eu countries because i got interested . 
  i expected germany to be a somewhat extreme case with our 8 years but that 's pretty much about average . 
  the simplest thing is being rich and investing 3 million euro in cyprus or contributing 650k euro to the maltese developement fund . 
  france will accept you if you served in their foreign legion for three years or got wounded in action serving the french republic . 
  somewhat ironicly the country with the lowest requirements for citizenship is poland with only three years of residency and command of the polish language as well as a stable job and roof over your head . 
  there 's a whole bunch of countries ( france , ireland , sweden , finnland ) that only have residency requirements of 5 years . 
  interesting trivia of pettiness : finnland punishes former finnish citizens that acquired other nordic citizenships by making them wait a year longer ( 6 year overall ) to allow them to apply again . 
  or about 2-3 % of the british citizens living in germany who took the cautionary route . 
  i guess whether that number goes up any further will be a question of how the negotiations will be going . 
  of course you ca n't just get a german citizenship either , how many british citizens fulfill the requirements is another story . 
  stalin offered german reuification in 1952 to western powers ( mainly the us ) and they ( mainly the us ) weaseled their way out of the option . 
  you know , i 'd actually like to see that poll . 
   and that plan meant turning you into a massive economical power with freely elected leaders . 
  count your lucky stars you got the americans . 
  judging from the comments that can be read and heard nowadays some regret that quite a lot . 
   you notice a trend in the post-soviet states ? 
  kind of noticed how east germany was/is poorer ? 
  yeah , keeping the soviets out was n't just in the u.s. interests . 
  believing the us made decisions out of pure selfishness does n't mean you believe that the soviet union did n't . 
  you know what germans would have liked ? 
  getting to chose . 
  not having a wall built through our country and becoming desginated nuclear wasteland . 
  understand the question that was asked . 
  this is a poll about trustworthy partners in the geopolitical sense . 
  that means politics . 
  so yeah , the government you elect matters a lot . 
  asking that question does n't make sense , by the time the poll is done you have a new government . 
  all joking aside there 's no reason to include italy because italy is neither powerful enough nor currently in the news . 
  if you 're going to count m\u00e9lenchon and his fears of the expansion of german capitalism as germanophobe , you definitely need to count marine le pen as well . 
  i do n't think either of them qualify . 
  that 's actually more extreme than in germany - over here you get a cut in payments for 3 months if you refuse a job you 're fit for without good reason . 
  is it just any job or specific to the qualifications of the person ? 
  yep , mainly that they do n't agree with them . 
  or as spd supporters and members like to call it `` being unreasonable '' . 
  i was correcting a factual error . 
  jesus , i thought that was just friendly bickering . 
  ok , you have a point then . 
  we participate in the fight against daesh and against the taliban in afghanistan . 
  also you ca n't have pictures around the world of christians welcoming muslims , that goes against the whole `` they hate us ! '', 
  narrative daesh is spreading . 
  let me also cover the major points for the other side : * if you criticise the social policies that lead to second generation immigrants becoming radicalised you support the terrorists * if you question that destabilising , invading and supporting corrupt non-democratic regimes in muslim countries has done anything other than helped muslim countries you support the terrorists * if you criticise the current and former governments for consistent budget cuts to the security apparatus you 're a fascist who wants use it against good conservatives and people who are simply loving their country * you are a lover of freedom if you want to control and censor the internet * you must pretend terrorism will immediately cease if every muslim is gone : there is no such thing as a violent far-right with good white people * you shall not in any way question the system , there are only three things to blame for any of this and those are the people , the religion and/or the race of the attacker . 
  this obviously does n't apply to terrorism from the far-right because , well , that does n't exist * it 's all merkel 's fault , and if it is n't it 's obama 's fault i hope i got all of that so nobody will make a mistake and offend people . 
  we are n't that unified , we just dislike people a lot who damage the country while trying to get into power . 
  open revolt against a party leader can be political suicide here . 
  for example the spd still has n't forgiven the former left-wing of the party for leaving and joining with pds to form linke in revolt against the hartz reforms . 
  that was 13 years ago . 
  this led to merkel staying in power in 2013 , even though she could n't have formed a majority without spd help . 
  corbyn is an actual socialist , not like the previous labour leaders like blair who essential was socially liberal and centrist to centre-right economically . 
  keep in mind these are the people who called m\u00e9lenchon `` far-left '' . 
  they are n't used to real socialists . 
  trumps followers on reddit are made up of two groups . 
  one are ideological hardliners . 
  islamophobes , racists , misogynists and neo-nazis . 
  the other ones are opportunists who do n't really agree but hate the establishment enough to lie to themselves that trump does n't actually believe the horrific stuff he 's spewing . 
  the hardliners now control t_d , the opportunists have either gone silent or given up . 
  so yes , of course the majority of trump supporters on reddit are lying when they are saying that they would have voted for bernie , but those do n't represent the actual trump voters . 
  in the real world , the hardliners are a lot fewer . 
  there 's another group which comes into play in the real world : those who always vote for one party ( `` stammw\u00e4hler '' in german ) ecause that 's how they were raised or the decision they made 20 years ago . 
  understand what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying you need to convince them of another ideology . 
  what i am saying is that you have to change their answer to one question ( `` what 's america ? '' ), 
  from `` the land of the free and the brave '' to `` the struggle to be free is our inheritance '' . 
  you know , socialists like me would argue ( and do so frequently ) that almost the entirety of the american population is caught in a bubble produced by its own national narrative ( used to create social cohesion ) . 
  it 's a directly line from * common sense * to * manifest destiny * to * i have a dream * to * `` the government is oppressing us by making us sell cake to gay people '' * . 
  there is the liberal narrative of america ( including conservatives , liberals and progressives for whom it is merely a question of a few changes ) in which the poeple of america are free or rather have been freed . 
  any time another group gets added the previous controlling group ( royalty , slave masters , racists , the government ) is rewritten from the ideal american or at least the normal american to become an villainous oppressor . 
  and then there is the socialist narrative . 
  it 's only believed by a tiny amount of people . 
  howard zinn wrote in response to a new york times book review :  i want young people to understand that ours is a beautiful country , but it has been taken over by men who have no respect for human rights or constitutional liberties . 
  our people are basically decent and caring , and our highest ideals are expressed in the declaration of independence , which says that all of us have an equal right to `` life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . '' the history of our country , i point out in my book , is a striving , against corporate robber barons and war makers , to make those ideals a reality -- and all of us , of whatever age , can find immense satisfaction in becoming part of that . 
  or more destilled by rapper brother ali in [ letter to my countrymen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tplgspwxdwg ) :  the situation of oppressed people  shows what we feel it means to be a human being  what does it mean to be american ? 
   i think the struggle to be free is our inheritance i think that if more people adopted this view of america , not as the shining city on a hill , but as the little town that is trying very hard to become that shining city on a hill while being very conscious that they may never make it , america could avoid violence and fix itself . 
  remember back in the primaries when a lot of trump supporters said they would totally vote for bernie if trump did n't but bernie did ? 
  bernie had a very similiar message about community . 
  imagine how powerful the socialist narrative of american history could really be . 
  seriously man , i 've been told i was crazy for about a decade , but now the people see what i 've seen for that entire time . 
  and all that time i had to say `` i 'm not anti-american , but there 's way too many crazy people with power ... '' now i have to remind people that not all americans support trump and his loonacy . 
  they are towards the outer walls of the building . 
  actually somewhat smart design as it is noiciest towards the middle . 
  it really depends on where you live and what kind of food you buy . 
  in hamburg , munich and cologne it 's a struggle to live on 600 $ / month - but in berlin or any of the smaller university towns ? 
  you 're gon na be just fine . 
   still not an argument for permitting immigration that 's disadvantageous to the us . 
  if you have n't noticed yet , my argument is that it would n't be disadvantagous . 
   the welfare system is no less-extensive than it was when he was around . 
  the republican party has dedicated itself to a relentless campaign of cuts for almost half a century now . 
   the brookings institute has a political basis for arguing for a larger welfare system . 
  they are not a neutral observer . 
  are you really stupid enough to believe that any organisation or person can act as neutral observer ? 
  ( personally i prefer objective observers , but that 's american political correctness vs truth and a whole different debate . ), 
   seems fine to me . 
  seems american to me . 
   even if you want a subsidy for the poor haha , let 's be clear about something . 
  i want the end of private property of the means of production , to outlaw wage labor based on hourly wages and the transition of the capitalist system towards a mixed market economy made up of coops and public companies . 
  welfare or `` subsidy for the poor '' are on the same level as freedom of speech , freedom of religion , freedom of the press and the right to vote . 
   that does n't really make much sense .
