  three generations ago your ancestors probably thought segregation was just peachy , do you ? 
  times change . 
  i get that you grew up in a society that regularly overthrows governments ~ ~ so your oligarchs can make a profit ~ ~ to liberate the people ; so you have been properly indoctrinated with self-righteousness or cynicism about the human species , but other societies have done that and realised that it is an inefficient and moronic way to go about the world . 
  so they stopped . 
   the only reason your country is n't doing the same shit is because you do n't have the money to do it anymore . 
  let 's not pretend otherwise . 
  honestly , does writing something like this make you able to sleep easier ? 
  and it 's not like the electorate was in favour of this for over a decade . 
  they would most certainly be able to govern , but our `` centre-left '' party likes to go into a coalition with conservatives more . 
  shows you how left they actually are . 
  sure , sure . 
  that 's a dramatic simplification of the issues at hand . 
  jc is also popular because he seems like an honest person which to young people is very attractive and they are loyal to that even if they disagree with the positions . 
  it is true that tm ran a fucking horrifyingly bad campaign , but jc is a very charismatic and likeable guy . 
  as long as the tories ca n't present something equal to that , they are going to struggle even more the next election . 
  if tm gets canned and the lack of leadership abilities in the tories becomes clear it 'll be even worse . 
  this is what killed the spd over here for the time being and when merkel retires the same thing will happen with the cdu . 
  so even after a year you still do n't get that we bicker a lot but still like each other ? 
   the princely family threatened to veto the referendum if it resulted in a vote in favour of removing the veto i just want to point out how hilarious this sounds . 
  not sure if porn or sequel . 
  yeah in that sense it is similiar . 
  but macron is n't going to face a huge backlash on this because it 's not like he categorically does n't want polish workers in france - he just wants them to compete fairly . 
  it 's not that you are that bad , it 's just that in this round you have to eat the shit sandwich of economic change and technological progress . 
  is it a question of sovereignty or a distrust of the eu ? 
  you want the region with huge structural poverty issues , dying industries , huge debts , decrepit infratructure and serious problems with idiots in office to be part of your country ? 
  you realise that would make german the majority language in the netherlands ? 
  be honest , you just want to be able to win a world cup , do n't you ? 
  this is about a different issue that has to do with the single market . 
  more specifically no matter where in europe you work you still only need to get payed as much as in the country you were hired in . 
  if you compare the wages between france and poland , you might be able to see the problem here . 
  that would never happen . 
  i have to work around 3am . 
  that 's the diplomacy version of `` we can still be friends '' . 
  well , i like the uk and would have liked it to stay . 
  instead i 've seen decades of anti-eu propaganda and my prediction that a tory government in charge of brexit would immediately start dismantling the welfare state has also come true . 
  because i cared . 
  the rest agreed because there was always the thread of the uk leaving . 
  well , congrats , you 've shot the hostages . 
  if you could n't make up your mind what you wanted to do in the divorce , your ex-husband might have had a point . 
  what ? 
  freedom of movement is for eu citizens . 
  unless you 're arguing that somehow french or polish citizens moving to germany makes germany worse off or `` breaks resistance '' you 're dead wrong . 
   i do n't know where this `` stay in the single market but end freedom of movement '' myth comes from . 
  maybe wanting special deals for decades has left a certain image on the continent ... at this point we 're expecting the uk to throw a tantrum and argue that we 're the ones throwing a tantrum . 
   come out with a a clear opinion bwahahahahaha !, 
  merkel 's way to win has always been that of being a blank piece of paper on which the majority can draw whatever they want . 
  and when the majority is satisfied she wins the next election by promising the same thing . 
  basically we 're governed by polling . 
  from page 43 of the report linked by / u/yuropman . 
   in spain , left-wing and anarchist terrorist activities remained at low levels . 
  five attacks occurred in 2016 but did not involve extensive operational planning or the use of sophisticated ieds or firearms . 
  notwithstanding this , 19 people were arrested in relation to left-wing and anarchist terrorism . 
  the number of arrests in the country has remained consistently high , with a total of 100 people arrested since 2013 . 
  this has apparently had an impact on operational capabilities , mainly of the anarchist terrorist groups , causing a decrease in the number of attacks over the same period of time . 
  you can almost hear the person having to write that sigh in an annoyed fashion . 
  germany : 25 jihadist , 1 left-wing , 5 right-wing , 4 seperatist poland : 5 jihadist , 1 right-wing so much for the `` we did n't let refugees in so there 's nobody to do terrorism and our muslims are integrated well anyways '' argument . 
   it should have been a week for politicians to join in demanding how such a catastrophe could happen in a first-world country , and seek immediate ways of averting another . 
   but no . 
  barely had the body count begun -- and it seems , tragically , that it will run into scores -- than hard-left supporters of jeremy corbyn were spinning a narrative about the fire , blaming divisions of wealth , profiteering and ( inevitably ) ` tory cuts ' . 
  they keep going like this they could get sued by fox news for copyright reason . 
   as it was , the authority spent # 8.6 million on ` improvements ' -- money that appears to have been spent with appalling incompetence , hugely increasing the risk of an inferno . 
  the way residents ' warnings were ignored should haunt all concerned . 
   for just # 200,000 , life-saving sprinklers could have been installed . 
  instead , priority seems to have been given to meeting eu targets for energy conservation , with the contractors using inferior exterior cladding of a type banned in other countries and insulation known to emit lethal cyanide . 
  it 's almost like spending # 8.8 million , more regulation and people who gave a flying fuck in government could have made a noticeable difference . 
  well , that much was clear . 
  i thought the `` a few months ago '' was clearly implied . 
  i 've been on reddit a few years , / r/worldnews has ever since i can remember been a far-right and openly racist subreddit . 
  not that it matters , given that / r/europe itself becomes half a nuremberg rally every weekend it is n't amazing to see the idea that / r/worldnews is just moderate come up here . 
  they are funded by the turkish government . 
  it 's their way of saying `` if you do n't protest the kurds , we 're not coming '' . 
  as usual with the german muslim community , different organisations who ca n't get their shit together . 
  ever since `` they '' upvoted anti-trump stuff , `` they '' have a `` narrative '' . 
  nah , he does have a point . 
  hilarious how you get downvoted for wanting to censor the european right-wingers but immediately upvoted for wanting to censor islamists . 
   merkel is making plays to be the internet police . 
  i think you 're confusing your female conservative politicians who 's names starts with m here . 
  i 'd disagree that it can never work . 
  in fact with switzerland we have country in europe that manages to hold referendums constantly and does n't devolve into screaming matches and people blindly voting based on party politics . 
  it appears that if you have a majority-based democracy what ends up happening is that two ( or three ) sides develop that are consistently locked in a fight for supremacy . 
  by necessity these two ( or three ) sides will develop personal animocity in the process . 
  at which point it 's sports teams . 
  but if you create a consensus democracy where all parties consistently have to govern together and elections are more or less about the direction of the country instead of its leadership , you create an atmosphere where personal animocity is highly discouraged . 
  maybe switzerland 's directorial system is better than parliamentary or presidential republics . 
  here in germany centrism is so dominant now that it works the other way around : you either agree with cdu/csu/spd / greens/fdp - or you 're a crazy person . 
  you think the current level of unemployment benefits is to low because people can barely scrape by ? 
  well , you 're clearly an ideologue and not really concerned with social justice or basic human decency . 
  you do n't want immigration to turn your country into a multicultural society with many different people with many different opinions , believes and stories ? 
  you 're not afraid of change , you just hate brown people . 
  you believe something better than social democracy is possible - something more just , more free and more social ? 
  you believe in a utopia that can never exist , stop being silly and accept the world as it is ( no further argument needed ) . 
  you are too proud of your country ? 
  you 're a loser who 's substituting nation for personal pride . 
  and on and on and on . 
  no more arguments needed , make it look like democracy and therefor the wealth of the middle class is under siege . 
  no new ideas needed or wanted . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are definitely crazy ideologues in the linke and racists in the afd ( which i think is using people 's fears to advance a libertarian economic agenda ) , but there 's plenty of crazy and oppurtinism in every single party . 
  the cdu/csu has their christian fundies , the spd has people apparently born without any semblance of a backbone , the greens have hippies that talk about peace and love and the fdp has people who seem to have given up on any supernatural deity and only worship at the altar of the market . 
  you get your ( fake ) choice of different policies and parties that are essentially the same policies and parties with different side dishes . 
  do you want fries , rice , potatoes or noodles with that neoliberalism ?
