  and the number of subjects would be limited to prevent abuse . 
  yeah , you 're just not powerful enough to actually change anything . 
  many people here also thought the austerity was too harsh . 
  i sure hope so too . 
  i also hope that the centre-right in nothern and western europe will be willing to compromise . 
  i 'd like an elected executive branch of eu to exist , not the weird indirect stuff that is going on now . 
  then you could at least blame those people and not faceless boogeyman beauracrats . 
  the three pillars need to be expanded to four pillars and should get a wider scope : 1 . 
  the free and common market should stand almost as is . 
  the further integration of standards and homonisation of policy should stand as well . 
  external security should be expanded towards a military pact ( offensive as well as defensive ) , a european army and a common intelligence agency . 
  internal security should be expanded to create a european police force with actual actionable power ( based on a european framework ) to fight international terrorism , immigration fraud and organised crime in close cooperation with local authorities and with right of command in respect to national authorities/agencies and local police forces . 
  essentially a european fbi . 
  a binding charter of european economic and social rights , protecting companies from regional overregulation as well as welfare recipients from austerity measures any singular country might have to enact . 
  for the social rights , a common fund should be created out of which any single country facing austerity measures can receive funds . 
  this implies the creation of a european welfare and living standard that up to which the common fund guarantees citizens of any european country safety from austerity . 
  the creation of a european fiscal policy set by the parliament or via a referendum . 
  furthermore the european parliament not the commission should have legislative power . 
  this should be accompanied with a right for any single country or threshhold of eu citizens to call for a singular eu wide referendum on policy for the entire eu . 
  any further eu treaties should also be linked to a singular eu wide referendum to trigger implementation to create unity and avoid a similiar situation as with the european constitution in france . 
  further expansion of the eu should only happen with a referendum in the accession country and with the o.k. 
  of the european parliament . 
  leaving the eu should only be possible with a referendum in the country attemption to leave . 
  for countries such as switzerland and norway an autonomous status should be created whereby ( a limited amount of ) subject specific eu laws do not necessarily need to be enacted , in exchange those countries would not have voting rights and having none of the rights specific to the subject . 
  this should be linked to 2/3 majority vote in a referendum within the country in question . 
  for example if switzerland had a referendum and with 2/3 majority opted out of agrarian policy and environmental regulations then switzerland would receive none of the funds and be treated as a third party for it 's agrarian products - nor would swiss mps be allowed to vote in the epon agrarian or environmental policy and if there was a eu wide referendum on agrarian policy no swiss citizens would have a right to vote . 
  opting out of the human rights charter or charter of european economic and social rights would not be allowed . 
  he is n't wrong though . 
  an electorate has to think that any policy or project especially one as so complex and comprehensive as the eu is in their favor , otherwise they will assume it is for the elites and possibly even against them . 
  i see this less as macron trying to appeal to le pen voters but more towards m\u00e9lenchon voters . 
  he holds a pro-european integration stance but also makes clear that if the eu does n't change it might mean that french voters will think of leaving . 
  it is n't like the french people are alone in this position . 
  there 's podemos in spain , the 5 star movement in italy and while here in germany left-wing eu reformers have n't found a political home yet but i 'm definitely not alone with these positions either . 
  in general a great majority welcomed any refugee fleeing from war , oppression or persecution but drew the line at economic migration ( as refugees ) . 
  this policy was supported by 70 % + - at the same time roughly half of those asked where concerned/afraid about what would happen . 
  this means that at least 20 % where both absolutely certain that it has to be done and where at they same time concerned about what the concequences would be . 
  at the same time germans ( or a majority thereof ) support deporting anybody whose asylum request was denied ( at the time mostly people from albania and kosovo ) . 
  later in 2016 a national debate arose as the right-wing parties wanted to deport people back to afghanistan and the left-wing parties argued that afghanistan was too unstable for that . 
  meanwhile a majority agreed that politicians had n't handled the situation well and i personally remember people cursing the eu for not having a solution ready . 
  i 've said this a few times before . 
  what is happening to the afd has happened many times in the right-wing of german politics before , but mostly under the 5 % threshhold . 
  neo-nazis in suits have invaded the party and the party could n't fight them off quick enough not to be overwhelmed ( petry 's proposal at the convention can be seen as this ) . 
  it 's like what happened to / r/worldnews but more subtle . 
  even as a left-winger this shit is sad to watch . 
  especially that moment the votes where counted and petry just looked down at the table shaking her had . 
  it was so clear what was going through her head at that point : `` i 've just spent four years of my life on this party just to have it ruined by these lunatics . '', 
  i was thinking more along the lines of a higher frequency and more direct line ( the regional train currently goes north to appenweier first and only then goes west to strasbourg ) so that you could shave off about 10 minutes of travel time . 
  also given the geography of the old town of offenburg you really ca n't do a tram through that ( the busses barely fit as is ) and you 'd have to go underground . 
  not that you really need to , as the old town is barely 5 min walking distance from the central station . 
  i think the city would be well served with 3-4 stations if one of them is central station and another two are in the two main industrial areas west and north of the city centre . 
  here 's hoping they expand this tram system the 20 km further to include offenburg and appenweier and the other small towns in that triangle . 
  offeburg itself would help itself a lot with this , as it currently only has a bus network . 
  at the moment the only public transport connection is between offenburg central station and strasbourg central station about every hour and takes about 30 minutes . 
  a better connection may encourage people in the two local centers to consider taking jobs on the other side of the border . 
  source : frequent visitor to strasbourg from further to the east . 
  cynicism leads to apoliticality , apoliticality leads to submission . 
  good evening and sorry for the late response . 
  as i work at night my sleep schedule is n't exactly conductive to social interaction with people from the same time zone , i hope it 's not too late . 
   i do not see any economic policy capability within die linke on the federal level because of their constant drumbeat of `` social net '' and their constant references to `` taxing the living daylights out of anyone with money '' . 
  to me that is the same old , same old class warfare rhetorics and 19th century marxism . 
  i do agree with this criticism but i do n't think it 's a specific problem of linke , it appears to be a serious problem of socialists not actually looking for a change in system but only trying to offset and redistribute money , whereby they help ( even if everybody keeps their money openly and honestly taxed , which of course is n't going to happen ) capitalism to survive longer if it works and if it does n't deliver ammunition against even the slightest hike in taxes . 
  not that any of those tax hikes would actually happen in a coalition government with the spd and greens . 
  the `` restoration '' of the welfare state does have a point though . 
  as somebody who just a year ago went of unemployment , money is a bit too tight to really be ok , it 's artificial scarcity at it 's best . 
  that and some reforms when it comes to punishment by cutting money for a few months needs to be reformed , so that if you are an academic you do n't get punished for not taking a job as a custodian ( that did n't happen to me , but i saw it happen ) . 
  it artificially increases the qualification level for low qualification jobs to the poit where temps are overused and those who are qualified to do these jobs properly get underpayed . 
   die linke is the political voice of a current that fights against any expression of german state authority . 
  yes , many socialists are n't big fans of the state . 
  but it is n't just the german state . 
  i know anglophone socialist media is a rather rare occurance ( although there are such publications like [ bunker ] ( http://bunkermag.org/ ) , [ dissent ] ( https://www.dissentmagazine.org/ ) , [ the north star ] ( http://www.thenorthstar.info/ ) , [ roar ] ( https://roarmag.org/ ) , [ people 's world ] ( http://www.peoplesworld.org ) and probably best known of the bunch [ jacobin ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/ ) ) , but if you do know any other language take a look at the socialist media there because it will be the same things as in anglophone and german socialist media : a never ending debate about the role of the state - about taxation , violence , ( de ) centralisation . 
  it all goes back to the split between marxists and anarchist-socialists which was mainly about the way we see the state as a tool of power over people or as an organisational method that can be replaced . 
  pretty much the same can be said for debates around pacifism and militarism . 
  the regime you grew up in was one that saw itself as an army of the proletariat and engaged fully in militarism to that goal , the linke though is a lot more than that with many different currents and believes . 
  in a weird round-about way some altrighters are very very happy to write about how merkel was an fdj member , you probably know just as well as merkel and wagenknecht themselves that membership in the regimes organisations was sometimes necessary to get anything done or just to stay safe . 
   and what makes it so galling for me is the memory of the near constant parades the former east german dictatorship held at every lousy `` feiertag '' and which was governed by the party that was the forerunner of today 's linke and with which it never truly broke . 
  it did break , or rather in the last months of the east german regime the democratic socialists that wanted to produce a society more like what dub\u010dek and allende ( economically , socially as well as in foreign politics ) had envisioned took over the sed and later formed the pds . 
  gregor gysi who had been a lawyer on behalf of the reformer was elected chairman . 
  the now almost three decade long argument that the former pds leadership of that time wants to somehow go back to a time before the reforms is nothing more that smear campaign that targets people who do n't know about any of this . 
  any modern socialist party will have a complicated relationship with the former soviet bloc . 
  and i generally agree with the assessment of the linke and many others : not everything was worse and we should have a detailed and honest conversation what we can copy , learn from and avoid ever doing again . 
  i think we should look at any historical era that way . 
  this is of course is attacked as being nostalgic for those times or wanting them back . 
   edit : after re-reading this i am not sure i can get my point across . 
  sorry about that . 
  and the emotional response was as well . 
  i get that you have an emotional response to those kinds of things if you grew up in the former regime . 
  the thing is that in terms of politics emotional responses are n't conductive or productive . 
  no matter whether you agree or disagree with a party 's principles , it 's nice if they have some things they simply wo n't do and for the linke that means making liberal welfare policy or compromising on non-interventionist policy ( which i personally do actually disagree with - not that our army even has that capability anymore ... ) . 
  i hated to see the fdp sell out so bad on social liberalism and it would be horrifying to see green party members argue for an oil pipeline for jobs . 
  nice appeal to emotion you have there , but i was talking about how that kind of law could be crafted without being useless or intrusive . 
  it 's a good thing i did n't . 
  i talked about those two as places where the linke is demonised . 
  what does `` force '' mean though ? 
  that was the entire point of my post . 
  beating them if they do n't do it ? 
  yeah , that 's already assault . 
  telling them you 're disappointed in them ? 
  that ca n't be illegal . 
  so you do n't actually have any real answer . 
  they 're dogmatic because you disagree with them .
