  nobody expects anybody to tolerate intolerance , people are expecting to not prejudge almost two billion people based on the actions of a few hundred thousand and the opinions of the most conservative members in the most conservative countries . 
  you would n't judge christians either based on polling from uganda , right ? 
  of course nobody has to take people who are known ( in exactly that single-person case ) to hold values which are anti-democratic or even violent , but i believe that innocent until proven guilty should be the dominant way in which we judge people . 
  the great problem during the refugee crisis is that there was no common policy , may it have been pro-refuge or anti-refuge . 
  what we got was every country on the way fiddling and wanting to appeal to their voters while the refugees had no idea what was happening . 
  it was chaotic . 
  in a normal federation immigration and the defense of the outer borders is the job of the federal government and depending on what parties would have governed , we would have gotten a single coherent approach . 
  sure there would have been passionate political debate and demonstrations , that would be the very nature of a democracy encountering a divisive issue . 
  it is very common practice in federations that the federal level bails out any of the lower tiers if they go bankrupt , so debt crisis would n't have occured like this in the first place . 
  what would probably would have happened is that greece never even went into the state that it is now . 
  any federated europe would probably have a common social security and welfare policy ( because common constitution and rights ) , so that ee would get a lot more money that way . 
   but they do n't do much aside from dealing with day-to-day management and do n't involve much ideological choices . 
  national politics is where it 's at . 
  unitary state politics in a nutshell . 
   is n't `` pan european '' parties essentially a coalition of national parties in europarlament ? 
  nope . 
  there are so called [ `` groups '' in the european parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_groups_of_the_european_parliament ) ( [ essentially ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_group ) what we call `` fractions '' in germany or what is called a `` caucuse '' in the us ) that coordinate parliamentary action . 
   our parties sometimes have joined really interesting coalitions . 
  i live in land/state where the conservative christian cdu had to join the leading green party which is made up of old hippies and people that are vaguely centre-left and socially liberal . 
  in schleswig-holstein - on the other side of the country - a coalition between the aforementioned cdu , greens and the liberal pro-business low-tax fdp was just struck . 
  i 'm expecting violence to break out at some point in those cabinet meetings . 
  weird coalitions on a local level are pretty much normal in multiparty federations . 
   our current political landscape could hardly map to existing europarlament coalitions . 
  i 'm not too familiar with lithuanian politics but it is quite normal in federations that party platforms and practical politics vary quite a lot between states . 
   i only see lots of issues . 
  i 'm sure they could be worked out . 
  but why deal with complicated issues that can be entirely avoided ? 
  because with several issues in the last years we 've seen that the supranational union model is fine when everything works well , but as soon as there is a crisis becomes an indecissive mess as national governments put their next election victory before practical solutions . 
  i believe that if the eu remains in it 's current form it sooner or later collapses entirely as more and more divisive issues arise without a central and respected organ that can - at least temporarily - lead the way . 
  essentially , we live in a house of cards . 
   how would be representation set ? 
  like current eu parliament or ? 
  personally i 'm a big fan of list-election for the lower house and represenation of governments in the upper house - so that be list + population ? 
  it does n't really matter now , it would only matter when drafting an actual constitution and getting all members to sign on . 
  do n't forget that not 100 % of western eeuropeans think one way and 100 % of eastern europeans think another . 
  we mix politically . 
   it would take a while to have pan-european parties . 
  we already have [ pan-european parties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_political_party ) ? 
  they are legal entities and all just like normal parties . 
  all that would have to change is that they 'd publish programms and nominate personnel to stand for elections - in fact that 's exactly what we 'd be doing if the eu executive was elected not nominated . 
   we can already see how bargaining collectively works at eu ... 
  i 'm sorry that may have been badly phrased . 
  here in germany we do a thing where the l\u00e4nder ( our states ) and the federal government get together to come up with a solution for problems . 
  like for example budgets or common standards for curriculums . 
  that is some impressive mental gymnastics . 
   religion is a freely chosen collection of ideas . 
  it deserves no greater protection than political ideology . 
  religious liberty is a staple of liberal democracies . 
  what do you people study in history ? 
  great that you can have a good laugh about discrimination . 
   if it was eufed with unified policy , lead by we that 's not how a federation works . 
  you have elections , which are based on policy and personnel on the federal level and on the lower tiers . 
  lower tiers can sue higher tiers , bargain collectively on policy decisions - there 's balance of power between what is needed on a federal level and lower tiers of government . 
  the different tiers have different jobs which other tiers are not allowed to interfer in . 
  a european federation would not be led by western or eastern europe but by a governing coalition of parties that represent both western and eastern european interests - that is unless all of eastern europe votes for seperate parties . 
  i understand concerns about sovereignty and the believe that you 'd be outnumbered on certain issues , but not lets pretend or believe that a european federation would be western europe dictating all policy , because that 's not how a federation works . 
  it does n't matter if anybody actually comes if you refuse on principal to take a certain religion , or race , or ethnicity - how much of tolerant liberal democracy are you really ? 
  now it 's muslims , who 's to say that in 10 or 20 years the german population in poland just is n't welcome anymore ? 
  the famous immigration laws of the roman empire ... 
  it 's amazing how people who are normaly all for law and order want to create a space without law and order if it helps them . 
  historically * superstate * had the same meaning as supranational union ( like the eu is one ) but in modern usage it is a state that combines from several smaller ( allready powerfull ) states as a federation . 
  half of it , actually . 
  so the saarland with roughly 1 million inhabitants goes to a majority francophone region , but bas-rhin with 1.1 million inhabitants goes to majority german-speaking baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ripping alsace apart ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  let the east of france be the east of france . 
  unite saarland , rhineland-palatinate and hesse into a roughly 11 million inhabitants strong and leave baden-w\u00fcrttemberg as is . 
  also the north of germany can easily be unified ( bremen , hamburg , mecklenburg-vorpommern , lower saxony , schleswig-holstein ) for a region with 14.5 million people . 
  the east ( brandenburg , saxony , saxony-anhalt , thuringia , berlin ) also needs to unite for 14,3 million or it will be steamrolled . 
   just because you 're taught about your holocaust does n't mean we are n't taught about our genocides . 
  and of course ** you ** are the only person who can study on their own , right ? 
   what 's this about `` liberating '' people ? 
  there 's no such thing as liberating another country , not in the ideological sense . 
   your country is just scared that eastern europe will ever achieve any sort of prosperity , weakening germany . 
  this statement impressively shows that you know nothing about germany . 
  it 's all the same bullshit paranoid idiocy that british and american spew . 
  it 's fucking disgusting and dipshits like you are happy to accept it . 
   no , i have n't been reading german ones , and it does n't matter that i have n't read any german sources . 
  we are talking about attidutes and you 're saying it is n't important to study what the people of a country are saying in their own language ? 
  are you one of those people who does n't need to read the book to write the paper about but just watch the movie ? 
   the german language is n't immune to lie , and anything written in german would more than likely slant towards germany . 
  yes , slighty . 
  of course we 're also a country that publishes articles like [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/deutschland-und-frankreich-wo-wir-vom-nachbarn-lernen-koennen-a-1150510.html ) . 
  oh , yeah right , that 's in german . 
  hm ...  it sounds like you 're repeating propoganda and indoctrination of how eastern europe is backwards and needs the help of the german people so your government has popular support to fuck them over , you can trust i know what i 'm talking about when it comes to your government trying to justify their interests to you , i live in the us . 
  that is the most ignorant projection i 've ever seen . 
  listen , i could explain how this country works in great detail , but i seriously doubt you 'd believe a word from an actual german over some random political analyst that has his ass parked somewhere in a big city with the significant qualification of being able to google translate a speech and then say what you want them to say in an `` article '' ( although i 'd argue that calling those non-sensical arrangements of words `` article '' is an insult to any serious journalist ) , so i wo n't . 
  also i 'm tired after working the night and really want to go to bed . 
  so here 's some advice : if all you study is history you will use your own culture to make sense of it . 
   i also recognize that many countries do the same , and i 'm not about to beat myself over something that is being practiced , has been practiced , and will be practiced by every collective in a position of power for eternity . 
  indoctrinated , head to toe . 
  throw up your hands in the air in faux enlightenment , and accept the world as you 've been it is . 
  it is the * other * great american political tradition . 
   as do germans when it comes to eastern europe ,  if you 're superior to us americans when it comes to not dicking around with other countries maybe you should stop trying to fuck over your neighbors . 
  `` fucking over '' ? 
  you get it as much as poles themselves , right ? 
  we 've been suprised at how xenophobic , backwards and authoritarian they are . 
  do n't act as if disagreeing is somehow offensive , that 's a republican/conservative move and should be beneath anybody . 
  i really do n't know what kind of sources you have been reading to think we are trying to control eastern europe , it sure is n't anything in german . 
  or , you know , elect a progressive left-wing government that actually supports positions that the majority of people want . 
  you are talking about attidutes and use examples from three generations ago .
