  or are you , like so many american neoliberal and libertarian economists intentionally missing the point ? 
   as i 've said repeatedly now , it can certainly weaken negotiating power of a particular group of workers . 
  you mean you have repeatedly chanted your neoliberal dogma without any real justification of it ? 
  yes that you have . 
  as you do in many threads . 
  understand what the term * negotiating power * means . 
  i 'm sorry but the idea that by paying a lower wage business owners are n't profiting off of immigration by depressing wages and gaining power over a poorer and more desperate populous is just delusional and very far removed the economic reality . 
  certain base requirements yes , but due to the wage depression and unemployment that this sharp increase in supply of labour creates , the demand is not recreated equally per capita compared to previous times . 
  the purchasing power of the lower classes is diminished and stays diminished as the immigrant 's wage is lower than the wage of native workers . 
  again , this is n't an argument against immigration but against using immigrants to lower wages . 
  we did n't have this effect here in germany , because our capitalist overlords used temp agencies to depress wages independently of country of origin . 
  nobody is arguing that the demand for labour is static , what people are arguing is that a sudden and shark increase in supply of labour while the demand remains somewhat the same ( or of course with only slight increases ) the price of labor - the wage - will fall . 
  you 're reading something into a comment which simply is n't there . 
   this is the lump of labor fallacy . 
  it is n't . 
   it can cause shifts . 
  if relatively-few doctors immigrate , but many farmworkers immigrate , the wages of doctors will tend to rise , and the wages of farmworkers fall . 
  and naturally there are more farmworkers than doctors . 
  the opening of borders for economic immigrants puts downward pressure on those low wage workers ( such as farmworkers ) not to call for a higher and therefor more livable wages as they simply get replaced if they do and most of the time get replaced anyways as the immigrants are willing to work for less . 
  this is what he was talking about . 
  a government could counteract this by prescribing a minimum wage that would effectively satisfy both native workers and immigrants , but it would make an enemy out of the companies that have to pay for that higher minimum wage . 
  the more prominent option is to let the immigrants take over for less pay , increase the profit of big businesses , tax the middle and lower class for social benefits to be payed to the newly unemployed and tell them the immigrants not the greedy businesses are destroying their country . 
  bonus points if you can manage to blame socialists . 
  differently from the uk , it 's very clear who would get hit harder if poland loses access to the common market . 
  you may not like it , but those are the facts . 
   frankfurter allgemeinen zeitung , s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung , die welt , bild for those who do n't know : faz and welt are centre-right , bild is populist right-wing and sz centrist and socially liberal . 
  there 's no representation in this study of left-wing dailies ( taz , neues deutschland or junge welt ) or far-right weeklies such as junge freiheit and preu\u00dfische allgemeine zeitung . 
  it 's not an outright lie , but there is no evidence to prove it . 
  a news outlet and especially not a news agency should ever make a claim without being able to provide some kind of proof for it - that 's just not doing your job . 
  you could absolutely do an investigative piece where you lay out statistics of previous victims and future potential victims , a general guess at the amount of people who may favor such a practice and what the german state is doing against it and is planning to do against it and so on . 
  and that be one hell of read with many fair points of criticism . 
  this is just making xenophobes link to your websites so you can sell ads . 
  what really makes me angry about it is that it suggests normal german ( or other european ) girls somehow have an increased risk of being victims of fgm . 
  as if roaming gangs of muslims kidnapped german ( or other european ) girls and performed fgm on them . 
   the number of girls living in germany who have had their genitals mutilated increased sharply in 2016 due to migrants arriving from countries where this is practiced , a spokeswoman for a women 's rights organization said tuesday . 
  ...  `` it 's due to an increased influx from various countries in which fgm is practiced , especially somalia , eritrea and iraq , '' weil said . 
  so it has nothing to do with parallel societies here in germany as this statistic does n't cover fgm performed here but women who had their genitals mutilated in general . 
  if you let people in from countries where something is practiced the number of people who had it practiced on them is going to increase . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  but what do facts matter when you can write a grabby headline like * more girls at risk of genital mutilation in germany * ? 
  kudos , at least you 're consistent . 
  hopefully , yes . 
  i 'm not talking about the party , i 'm talking about the side of the spectrum . 
  i really want to downvote you twice . 
  once for the horrible german accent and once for spreading and believing the myth of german guilt . 
  hmm . 
  i remember my grandmother saying things a lot like that when bulgaria and romania joined ... of course in the presence of my girlfriend who had a romanian passport at the time . 
  it 's a lot more probable that the german right would split even further , and given that merkel ( or any other centrist cdu/csu leader ) could n't possibly go into a coalition with anybody who is for an upper limit a left-wing takeover is much more probable than anything ever being inacted . 
  although i 'm sure the spd would somehow find a way to screw actual left-wingers again . 
  they 're very good at that . 
  no , but it would put anybody who tries into serious danger of being murdered by an angry mob . 
  because article 20 . 
  there are eurosceptic left-wing parties who see the eu as a tool of big corporations to undermine national governments . 
  to be fair , that has happened , but they discount the possibility of changing that completely . 
  that 's ok . 
  if you forget the label and listen to what he says ( no matter what you might call it ) him funding marxist organisations makes no sense . 
   does your label of `` liberal '' somehow precludes him from funding marxist organisations ? 
  it makes about as much sense as a black american funding the kkk . 
  it 's not impossible , there 's just no logical or rational reason for it . 
  my dad 's boss who owns his own home plus several to rent , owns an rv , could send his kid to study in munich * and * pay for rent there , and goes on vacation three to four times a year buys his food at aldi . 
  that 's why we have a highly competetive oligopoly . 
  because the amount of germans who give a flying fuck about brand , status , or the shop and the service is next to zero . 
  all we care about is price and quality . 
  and that 's why our cans of meat contain more meat . 
  it 's also why our farmers are more freshly squeezed than the orange juice you can buy . 
  given that in the last few years right-wing political violence has skyrocketed and left-wing politcal violence has decreased that just sounds like good governance of putting money where it is most needed . 
  that is a rightful concern . 
  i think it would be best adressed by having a debate and trying to convince those people they are wrong . 
  it would be better than to confirm their preconceived notions about western hypocrisy . 
   i wonder if it 'd be easy to sell them `` no benefits = no crisis '' approach . 
  as a socialist i 'm much more inclined to sell them `` enforce your damn tax laws than you would n't have had a crisis '' . 
   i wonder how the whole common social security and welfare would be introduced . 
  i 'm sure we would n't enjoy paying shitload of money to ee for foreseeable future . 
  and this would inflate prices a lot . 
  probably to the point that outsourcing in ee would n't be as cheap . 
  which may fuck up we services and manufacturing on global scene . 
  well we had and still have income disparity between east and west here in germany . 
  probably it would be a slow process where at first benefits would be a calculation of regionally specific living costs to approach a common guaranteed living standard . 
  at least that 's how we mangaged it somewhat . 
  you definitely ca n't and should n't do it in one swoop . 
  it is also an argument full of fallacies and confusion of concepts and terms . 
   [ religious liberty ] is largely an inheritance from a time when religions were able to extort special privileges for themselves . 
  that would be seperation of church and state . 
  religious liberty is your right to worship or not worship any god you want , to follow the practices of that worship as long as it does n't hurt anybody else and not to be treated different because of those things . 
   religion is a freely chosen collection of ideas . 
  it deserves no greater protection than political ideology . 
  religions deliver a metaphysical supernatural explanation of how the world works . 
  anybody who says that their religion dictates how society should work outside of a general set of ethics is a ) lying or b ) a fundemantalist . 
  religion and ideology are fundamentally different concepts . 
  in liberal democracies we do n't punish or discriminate people based on philosophical explanations . 
  we punish people for actions . 
  we do n't prejudge people based on what they believe in a sense that it holds legal ramifications . 
  it is n't illegal to be a nazi , it is illegal to try to establish a society based nazi ideals . 
  you quite elegantly use a concept from the new atheist movement ( the idea that any religious claim has to hold up to scientific study and if it does n't it is dangerous ) and combine it with the common idea that the state has a right to defend itself based on the commonly confused terminology of religion and ideology . 
  the problem here is that this way you create thought crimes . 
  being a conservative muslim would be a thought crime , instead of trying to establish a society under sharia law through illegal action being an actual crime . 
  except it is even worse as you violate another fundamental tenent of law in democracies : to judge individuals not groups . 
  of course if there is a high probability of somebody causing politically motivated crime than the state has a right to protect itself and the population from that , but at this point we 're talking known people with a criminal history who still espouse their ideology . 
  the entire thing is very similiar to bush 's idea that to protect people from civilians commiting acts terrorism other civilians must be tortured . 
  as i said impressive mental gymnastics as well as laudably quite appealing , but also fundamentally un-democratic and illiberal .
