  i know . 
  i did n't mean to imply that , but i 've had enough contact with marxists to know they can get a bit cookie and dogmatic . 
  which really is n't suprising . 
   and if wagenknecht is a lunatic ( which she is ) , why is she at the top of the party ? 
  because there are other lunatics in the party . 
  i 'm not a member of die linke ( even though i definitely belong there ideologically after the realos took control of the greens and all the ecosocs left ) and i wo n't be until the party decides it does n't welcome communists and especially tankies . 
  i 'm not saying die linke is perfect , like every other party here they have their share of crazies ( the christian right in both the cdu and csu ; libertarians in the fdp ; the most exteme fundis in the greens ; the unapologetic corporatists in the spd ) , but do n't equate every insane thing that comes from the kommunistische plattform or the marxistisches forum with official party policy . 
   yeah sorry , but ending the german nato membership is nothing but the end of all discussions . 
  and that is a perfectly reasonable stance for social democrats . 
  this kind of talk is the reason they were well on their way to the 20 % mark . 
  ffs , let a debate happen , you can still vote and argue against it all you like . 
   its no wonder that wagenknecht is an admirer of dictators across the globe , including putin and trump . 
  i will never understand how this woman is not correctly identified as a nationalistic right-winger ( i would say national-socialist if that wording would n't imply something that is not intended ) . 
  do n't expect sanity from those . 
  meh , had to look up the gender of grammaire and did n't think the change in fou to folle fully through . 
  thanks though , i 'm still learning and every little bit helps . 
  because the opposition to any kind of conversation was mainly on the part of the spd . 
  furthermore i do n't think the stances on foreign policy of die linke are either iron clad or insane . 
  again , they are part of that certain `` not fit to govern '' narrative that the centre and right-wing likes to put on . 
  but in reality [ about a fifth of germans think nato membership is n't good for us ] ( https://yougov.de/news/2015/05/08/mehrheit-der-deutschen-sieht-nato-positiv/ ) and almost another fifth is n't sure . 
  call me a left-wing loon but a ~ 60:40 split in a society should trigger a serious debate . 
  personally i 'd be for leaving or dessolving nato and replacing it with a global military alliance of social democracies ( and yes , that excludes the us as well as russia ) . 
  i 'm sorry that should have said `` refused to talk * to * the left '' . 
  i meant the party die linke . 
  in case you already got that despite me messing up : technically yes , but at the time the schr\u00f6derite right-wing of the party dominated and linke is the result of a merger of pds and wasg - which was a splinter from spd after the right-wing of the spd pushed through the hartz reforms . 
  which means many in spd still resent die linke because they see them as traitors ( officially way of phrasing that is `` unfit to govern '' ) . 
  at the same time die linke refuses to co-operate with certain people who where instrumental in the hartz reforms ( gabriel , steinmeier ) . 
  it 's childish mess that got us another four years of merkel and lacking investment into infrastructure . 
   i speak a bit of german too !, 
  little known fact : social democrats / green / left had a majority in parliament in 2013 as well ( by a tiny 2 seats though ) , but the social democrats refused to talk the left . 
  i wish there was more cultural exchange without any agreement or political pressure to do so . 
  france and the francophone world has so much wonderful pop culture to offer and i think that would certainly enrich both our countries . 
  people just need to get interested in it . 
  i absolutely agree that the state of the german military is shameful and that we have to invest more . 
  luckily after decades the election of trump as potus has finally brought that point home to most germans . 
  but it also needs to be said that germany is per constitution a welfare state , meaning that other things would be cut by legal necessity . 
  de facto it is very doubtful that any social spending would be cut , what would actually happen is a tax increase , most likely hitting the rich the hardest - especially from a left-wing government . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  if you keep hacking away at police funds they might find themselves unable to do their jobs properly . 
  and you do n't tend to make that one by accident . 
  i for one am looking forward to trump agreeing completely with merkel until she leaves the country - then calling her a liar . 
   not to mention that the us targeted and destroyed other systems as well , such as democratic socialism in chile . 
  let 's also not forget that the ussr also targeted and destroyed democratic socialism as it shortly existed in czechoslovakia - which should tell anybody just how dangerous both groups of state elites thought democratic socialism to be to their whealth , power and status . 
  the size of an economy and it 's level of industrialisation are not dependend on one another . 
  the size also heavily correlates with the population and the area that state occupies . 
  and of course the big cities of the russian empire were n't stuck in the middle ages , but the rural land in between them was feudal and pre-industrial . 
  they 're conservatives . 
  they 'd have to look away for about half a century before they catch up . 
  do n't ask me , i 've been calling the us government an irrational actor since the iraq invasion ... but your propaganda departments have done a great job on our conservatives . 
  yeah , except you needed a buffer zone between you the soviet union after ww2 and that 's the only reason we 've been `` allies '' . 
   the destruction of the german social state to help crash course an underfunded and unprepared german military , the destruction of the welfare state is unconstitutional . 
  i read mrb2011 's comment 's last paragraph as a general statement on some people in here wanting to ban headscarves all together and accordingly your 's as response to that . 
  it can very well be read both ways . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  a lot of pro-eu parties throughout europe believe that the eu needs reform . 
  and an island , so technically still correct . 
  `` you are unfree , we will therefor take your freedom away ! '', 
  freedom is choice , take the choice away and you take the freedom away . 
  of course that does n't mean a company ca n't enforce a dress code , or that a state should n't be allowed to legislate according to security needs - but you ca n't outlaw clothing because it makes you feel icky . 
  a betrayal of democracy would be acting without a second referendum . 
  as long as they adhere to the results of the second referendum asking a second time is n't bad . 
  of course it is pure speculation , i imagine dutch politicians are intelligent enough not to admit to such things in public . 
  it 's really not as if it matters whether they do the right thing for the wrong reason or whether they actually do the right thing for the right reason . 
  well , of course we have to reduce the trade we already do with the us as well and create other trade with less deregulated countries . 
   the whole world is interconnected . 
  [ ... ] we can not wall ourselves off the us . 
  of course it is and sadly we ca n't entirely . 
  but we can plan our economic relations so that we stand far away enough that the blast from the time bomb of libertarianism so that what we 'll feel is only a little wind and wo n't rip us apart like it did in other european countries in 2008 . 
   that 's a phenomen that is n't american . 
  true . 
   the us is one of our biggest trade partners already ( it even used to be the largest quite recently ) , yet pretty much all of the deregulation happened due to internal pressure and politics . 
  i was n't talking about deregulation , i was talking about deepening already deep ties to an unstable economy with a history of causing mayhem for those interact with it 's deregulated industries to much . 
   which is why the relevant trade agreements include wide-ranging clauses preserving the right of the respective governments to regulate in these areas without outside influence . 
  and then pay companies for losses of profits . 
   on a serious note , why the hell did turkey decide to pick a fight with the netherlands of all places ? 
  and why now ? 
  well originally they wanted to pick a fight with germany to gain a win in the referendum on the already established anti-german sentiment from the armenien genocide resolution , but the dutch have an election on so the liberal pm wanted to get some right-wing votes . 
  that explains a lot about polish politics . 
  i 'm not the person you 're having a debate with , but i think deepening trade relations with an economy already as deregulated as the us is like putting a gun to your head and tying a rope to the trigger . 
  and then there 's the americanisation of health and safety standards ... 
  i 'm also part of the left-wing green voter base . 
  i think the party base thought they might emulate the success here in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg if they went centrist but of course that does n't boat well in the rest of germany as bw is quite a specific case . 
  so they lose voters in the north , west and east because they look like a green cdu when they should have looked like a green spd with schulz . 
  i might actually vote linke + spd this time ... 
  i do n't like her much , but the issues she gets blamed for would have existed one way or another . 
  in the greek debt crisis somebody would have become the leader of the hardliners and the position of germany on the refugee crisis is n't related to leadership as current polls show quite well . 
  at least this time he 's not starting a military campaign again . 
  american citizens have to file taxes when living abroad . 
  the problem they had with that was the saudi part , not the bought part . 
  both spd and linke have signaled openness to have a conversation . 
  greens are open to it as well . 
  all they need now is majority in the bundestag in the next election ( they already had one last time ) as a mandate from `` the voter '' . 
  yes , linke will annoy them , but less than merkel . 
   revising his own party policy instead of just blaming the other party ? 
  what new type of politics is this ? 
  it gets even more hilarious , because that meant that cdu/csu has to defend spd reforms . 
  which they are already doing . 
  `` we messed up 10 years ago !, 
  we 're gon na fix it ! '', 
  `` no , you did n't , what you did was awesome !,
