  he is militaristic . 
  from his actions in government he clearly favors an oligarchy . 
  all of these are central tenants of fascism - you should know these and be able to recognise them . 
  just because you 're even further to the right economically than actual nazis and not publicly musing about a genocide does n't mean you 're not a fascist . 
  although , and i will concede this : trump might not think himself a fascist , probably because he does n't know what that means . 
  the fact that america is n't becoming a dictatorship is n't because he would n't be willing to establish one , but purely because he and his team are actually too incompetent to get it done . 
  depends on how far `` far '' is to you . 
   there is no evidence to suggest that such laws prevent hatred . 
  actually you 're from the place where there 's even less restrictions on free speech and an even stronger fascist and authoritarian movement . 
  of course you will never fully get rid of fascist movements , but legislation can help keep the problem in check . 
  right-wingers care about jews the same way they care about gay rights . 
  they 'll find a way ... 
  the papers i 've seen that called it racism where neues deutschland and junge welt . 
  those are n't exactly mainstream opinion makers . 
  [ `` enough to live on '' ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/2e/44/c7/2e44c7d6ad5698b20ff10bb5d9efa0fc.png ), 
  and yet they are , why do you think that is ? 
   they can live just fine . 
  i honestly do n't know what to say to somebody who is that delusional . 
  if you ca n't pay your workers a living wage , your business model is harmful to society . 
  it 's mostly police trying to cover their own ass after their budget had cuts for years . 
  it 's really shitty strategy if you ask me . 
  '' ... because you fuckers kept slashing our budgets and we do n't have enough people to work efficiently '', 
  yeah , a notion i find equally ridiculous - just because somebody believes that wage labour is fine and dandy , does n't make them want an authoritarian government . 
  equally so for social conservatism or nationalism . 
  you can fundamentally disagree with somebody without believing them to be a bad person . 
  sadly way to many people are looking for an evil they can blame . 
  jacobin mag is an american socialist magazine . 
  as we all know that socialists are mustache-twirling villains it is impossible for them to give factual information without plotting their evil plans of world domination . 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  tv and film production in certain areas . 
  also actors . 
  i 'm not arguing any of that . 
  i 'm arguing your misleading word choice . 
  exactly , the other 40 % were n't sure or against it . 
  the 2 % have nothing to do with not being able to afford it , the majority of voters are simply unwilling to spend that much . 
  the article only uses pulse of europe as hook to talk about a newly emerging pride in the eu . 
  i do n't know how that is n't clear from reading it . 
  and do n't forget the fat kid that calls you a slut because you got better grades . 
   when they chop up an interview to the degree where you only get tiny morsels on a plate , arranged in a way the ` journalist ' finds most appetizing . 
  it 's called quote mining . 
   merkel : ( seems bemused by the question ) the moment she realised she was being baited . 
  well , a specific kind of language will be easier to learn for him . 
  if he encounters a third kind ( like for example arabic or hebrew ) he 'd have to deal with all new mind-bending concepts . 
   neither is full blown socialism . 
  you spelled `` planned economy without democratic feedback '' wrong . 
   we have no common ground . 
  finally , something we can agree on ... 
   went to majority german school as well . 
  know how decent and upstanding well educated turks can be . 
  in my experience that does n't have anything to with ancestory/ethnicity/heritage ( whatever you want to call it ) but with young poor people being angry at everybody and especially society . 
   you cant brainwash 500 years of female opression out of people with a language course get that in your brain please . 
  who the fuck said that ? 
  it takes a few generations . 
   im saying you talk out of your depth about people with a social and cultural background you have never really interacted with . 
  the degree to which you are wrong is highly amusing . 
  actually one of my best friends growing up was turkish and my second girlfriend was turkish . 
  but you probably will say i 'm lying so believe what ever you want to believe . 
   most mixed marriage turks speak almost flawless german . 
  may that be because their parents speak german at home ? 
  language skills are important in the integration process . 
   the opression of women is the biggest reason why the turks `` suck '' at speaking german . 
  actually that is very true but probably not in the way that you think . 
  if in fifties and sixties the mothers and wifes would have - just like the fathers and husbands - had also gotten a job and started to work and integrate instead being locked up at home ( just like the german mothers at the time as well ) they would have had a chance to pick up german and teach their kids a little bit before they go to kindergarten without being able to form a full sentence . 
  in which case integration would have moved along a lot faster . 
  my point is that we should learn from our mistakes and offer language courses to new arrivals ( or demand a test before being allowed to come here ) - not just drop them somewhere , run away and two years later be angry they do n't speak flawless german yet . 
  nah , do n't bother arguing the point just attack me personally . 
  and as we all know , you do n't need to talk before marrying somebody . 
  from talking to other germans it seems to depend on the area . 
  where i live turks and italians are integrated incredibly well , but russians live in a parallel society . 
  there is above all the gigantic difference in how german vs. turkish grammar function . 
  vocabulary is completely different . 
  and there is zero help . 
  i studied korean and japanese in college , both of them are the same kind of language ( [ agglutinative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agglutinative_language ) ) as turkish and i pretty much within the first week wanted to apologise to any turk i ever looked at weird for messing up german grammar . 
  it 's inhumane to expect any person to pick up a language that different without any help from a teacher . 
  so then they ca n't figure out how to speak properly and so they go back into their own little community of immigrants , with mosques , their own shops , their own culture and employ each other . 
  then in the second generation the kids grow up speaking turkish but also hearing german and having at least some german language skills . 
  and the difference between the groups slowly disappears but takes multiple generations . 
  and of course other immigrant groups such as from italy , russia , poland and former yugoslavia have it much easier without help , because their languages at least have the same concepts . 
  the current one ? 
  you can have 'em . 
  we 'll put a fruit basket on top as a bonus . 
  except the joke was so bad , i could n't even tell it was a joke . 
  well , i have an easier time recognising jokes if they are funny . 
  you really do n't know much about namibia , do you ? 
  actually english is the lingua franca in nigeria , so at least one of them should be just fine . 
  all of the parties involved have signaled willingness to talk in recent months . 
  i honestly do n't think merkel has an opinion either way - because that would be a first . 
  the problem is that if you trust the polls she should totally switch to the yes-side but at the same time there 's a christian right that might rebel or even split off into a more socially conservative party . 
  the real danger is that that christian right may join the afd , which would stabilise them and get the cdu/csu to a point where 30 % seems like wishfull thinking . 
  i was just amazed that it took 217 years . 
   preventing others from restricting your speech not `` others '' , specifically the government . 
   2008 you 'd think that would have come up earlier ... 
  you literally linked to disambiguation page ... 
   public tv station i 'm sorry but for your own sake i have to be pedantic here . 
  when you say `` public station '' most native english speakers will think `` publicly funded '' . 
  freely available to everyone with a tv would be so-called `` free-to-air '' stations . 
  i mean she is . 
  they both are . 
   do some more reading on marx . 
  he was not a nationalist .
