  it 's called [ taqiya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taqiya ) . 
  these people are religiously brainwashed into being secretive . 
  according to testimonies the coup was supposed to start at 3 am , but erdogan got previous intelligence ( some speculated that the intel came from putin , which was denied , but it was definitely not from mit ) . 
  the coupers realized that they were exposed and had to start early , which is why it seems to have failed . 
  the secular and kemalist ones remain . 
  of course it is , people are obviously concerned , but you must know this cult did a lot of shady things in the past so that 's why people are glad to see them go like this . 
  even my family is a victim of it , my sister was mobbed out of a job she had given 15 years of her life to by these cemaat people . 
  she lost her position and her pension to a headscarfed g\u00fclenist fuck . 
  her replacement had no previous work experience and was a graduate of a g\u00fclenist university . 
  there are a lot of people in turkey in similar situations sadly . 
  so erdo\u011fan is riding on the wave knowing full well that people are going to be fine as long as the purges only target the g\u00fclenists . 
  and they do only target the g\u00fclenists . 
   christ , you really unquestionably believe everything erdogan shoves down your throat , do n't you ? 
  i am pro-turkey though and he is my president . 
   erdogan starts arresting people whose only `` crime '' seems to be that at a particular point in time they expressed their support for g\u00fclenism . 
  note : that doesn not mean they participated in the coup . 
  also very much a `` coincidence '' a lot of judges , academics and other intelligentia who can think for themselves were arrested . 
   false . 
  they are letting go the innocent ones . 
  they arrested 80.000 + so far and let go 17.000 + . 
  no academics are arrested . 
  do you think g\u00fclen was a small cult ? 
  millions of people read his books , his newspapers sold a million copies everyday . 
  do you seriously believe they are actually trying to arrest people who only supported g\u00fclen ? 
  do you think it is even feasible as an idea ? 
  oh but i 'm sure you know it better than me to spoon-feed me your view of things . 
  thank you , i 'll pass . 
  you 're a soulless prick for supporting the purges . 
  you can not . 
  erdo\u011fan is most definitely using the purges to arrest political dissenters . 
  he also eats babies at breakfast . 
  but that 's ok since they are muslim babies . 
  they were using an app called [ bylock ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/aug/03/turkey-coup-gulen-movement-bylock-messaging-app ) to organize everything , which the government cracked and used it to map the whole organization . 
  they are obviously not going to arrest all of them , however they will all be questioned regardless . 
  sure . 
  that 's why they are letting go the innocent ones . 
  do you people think erdo\u011fan will put them in gas chambers or something ? 
  he 's mad because they attempted on his life , but he 's not that mad . 
   liberty and secularism what do the purges have to do with anything with liberty and secularism ? 
  of course i 'm using it as a positive descriptor . 
  they should purge all those who were falsely installed within the bureaucratic apparatus with mobbing and cheats and bent rules . 
  for the past decade everybody was complaining that the government should do something against this cult , people were falsely losing their jobs and positions to them , the courts did nothing and there was no one to complain to . 
  we are all glad to be finally getting rid of these people . 
   people can be imprisoned without court order . 
   for 30 days . 
   a trial may be `` eventually '' needed . 
   a trial will be needed after 30 days . 
  [ source . 
  what dissenters ? 
  i mean , they arrest cemaat people . 
  they always vote erdo\u011fan because they think he 's `` religious '' when others are not . 
  i guess they wo n't be voting erdo\u011fan anymore , hah !, 
  erdo\u011fan actually used a commercial flight code to hide from the coupers , he also had 2 f-16s guarding his plane in any case . 
  the convicted pilots later explained that they thought he was in a commercial plane and did not want to shoot it . 
  but who cares , if it does n't fit the narrative it must be false , right ? 
  i know right ? 
  who the fuck is named bashir in turkey ? 
  sums it up pretty much how they see it past the balkans . 
   no trials or courts needed , that is complete and utterly false . 
  both trials and courts are needed , soe just fastens the process as it would take decades to try this many people . 
  with soe the cases are combined , evidence is fastly examined etc. 
  the charged still get to appeal their convictions , and many do and are being let go every day . 
  thank you for actually being honest . 
  how come all his political opponents are still in their places ? 
  last i checked both chp and mhp were ok with the purges . 
  of course trials are needed , soe just fastens the process with special court-martials . 
  they are letting those falsely accused go free everyday . 
  i do n't think you care enough , there is no way that moron could organize a civil coup . 
   since the opposition parties in parliament have an interest to make the governement look bad , it might have been them . 
   considering the veracity of the report , they might not be so wrong . 
   even if they may not be active in germany - yet  yeah , their next goal will definitely be germany after they achieve liberation in israel and egypt , i am sure . 
   are you being intentionally obtuse here ? 
   it 's called being cautious . 
  and no , i 'm not buying it because you just do n't publish a report that was intended for internal use . 
  am i supposed to believe your public officials are that sloppy ? 
  * even in turkey * this does not happen . 
   it is the task of the german ministry of the interior to identify threats to german public safety , even if it comes from out of the country . 
   i did n't know hamas and muslim brotherhood are a threat to the public safety of germany . 
  care to explain ? 
   it also does not look like the ministry intended to publish that assessment , it was for internal use only and apparently released to members of parliament who have the right to review government action . 
   why am i not buying this ? 
  it feels like a perfectly good excuse , too . 
  does the article say whether they asked a random guy from / r/worldnews to write the report as well ? 
  `` german interior ministry '' `` turkey '' am i the only one seeing how absurd this statement is ? 
  since when its german interior ministry 's business to bad mouth turkey ? 
  u jelly ? 
  you ca n't war your way in this time . 
  english-russian-turkish powerhouse ? 
  oh boy we 're in for a ride . 
  nato needs to stop beating her up because she wanted a little freedom . 
  that clickbait title though . 
  what do you expect , a formal acknowledgement of involvement from the us to a series of coups that were orchestrated in * nato countries * by * nato/cia personnel * ? 
  you wo n't see that happen anytime soon , as it would cause an unprecedented shitstorm , so massive that it could crack the foundations of nato . 
  no , i 'm afraid there are only serious indications of involvement and believing or not believing is up to you . 
  the similarity between the coups in turkey and greece is only a taste , there is much more information regarding us ' involvement to these coups , from personal testimonies to interviews conducted with former cia personnel to intercepted diplomatic cables etc. 
  it 's a joke , read the parent comment . 
  absolutely . 
  in fact , i do n't vent my frustration to average americans in my daily life ( i work with a couple ) and neither should you . 
  this would only happen in daily life if we were to speak politics . 
  otherwise i 'm cool .
