there is no comparison , the two are not compatible with each other . 
  the laz people for instance did not made the choice either , they seem to do fine . 
  the issue with kurds is that they were not completely assimilated as the kurdish emirs had de facto control over the eastern vilayets during much of the past 200 years of the ottoman reign , allowing them to retain their language and kurdish identity well into the 20th century . 
  most turkish nationalists ( i.e. 
  kemalists ) believe ` turkishness ' ( t\u00fcrkl\u00fck , t\u00fcrk olmak ) is not a race but an identity , like being an american . 
  the main reason is that turks themselves are not actually ` turks ' , many have greek , armenian , kurdish , laz , balkan etc. 
  ancestry ( mixed with turkish tribes from the east ) but are converted to islam during the ottoman reign and assimilated into accepting the ` turkish ' identity . 
  so a turk of kurdish ethnicity would be someone like [ turgut \u00d6zal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turgut_%c3%96zal ) , the 8th president of turkey . 
  erdo\u011fan himself for instance stated on many occasions that his parents are muslim georgians and that he identifies as a georgian-turk . 
   but that may not be necessarily true . 
  it does n't get more true than this . 
   i just think that reports by western sources are more consistently correct than most sources based in one country alone , especially if they have poor press freedom . 
  how is a western source is going to be more correct than a turkish source if both of them get their news from the same source ? 
  it 's like i 'm talking to a wall here . 
  not all press is silenced in turkey , and there are numerous outlets critical of erdogan/akp ( cumhuriyet , hurriyet , bianet [ eu funded ] , sol , t24 [ independent ] , birgun , sozcu to name a few ) . 
  there are also pro-kurdish , pro-armenian news outlets as well . 
  not everything is as black and white as you seem to think . 
  the point is that ` western journalism ' would still source their turkey-related news from turkish agencies , neutralising your entire argument . 
  if news differ between two sources it means one of them pushes an agenda over the other . 
  now , you may choose to trust western media over some other one , which is fine . 
  however your preference alone does not ensure what they report to be ` true ' and the other ` false ' - it only means you prefer a version of events over another . 
   probably from their own sources ? 
  what do you think a `` news source '' is ? 
  news are sourced from [ news agencies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/news_agency ) . 
  not every newspaper/news outlet has a news agency since they are costly to operate , so they source their news from established agencies . 
  there are three significant news agencies in turkey , two of them are the government-owned aa and the pro-government cha , the third and the biggest one is the liberal/privately-owned dha which is not censored and is what h\u00fcrriyet and western media such as bbc uses . 
   i prefer when major international media outlets report it , then it 's almost certainly true . 
  all media everywhere lies . 
  i suggest noam chomsky to you as a [ starting point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/necessary_illusions ) . 
  one hell of a vacation at a turkish prison . 
  bbc does not have a news agency in turkey , only a representative office , meaning that they get their ` news ' from turkish sources aswell . 
  however , hurriyet is not a pro-government source fyi , in fact it is one of the most reliable newspapers of turkey at the moment . 
  what ? 
  what are you going on about ? 
  do you know what the word ethnic even means ? 
  ... and of course we decided to call ourselves turks , i am fairly certain it was n't up to anybody else to decide what we should call ourselves . 
  we do ? 
  til, 
  well , not well as you figured out as a kid , many internalize and channel it into hate , no wonder you guys have racist turkish biker subcultures there - kids can be very cruel . 
  the turkish outrage over `` not getting the same treatment as paris or belgium '' after the bombings of ankara and istanbul should be a great indication . 
  people were actually angry that the world does not `` care enough '' for them , this was the main concern . 
  if you can find it `` superwesternization in urban life in the ottoman empire in the last quarter of the nineteenth century '' is the most relevant one but sadly i could n't find a link to an english translation , but his book `` genesis of the young ottoman thought '' also has chapters covering the subject . 
  i 'll send you a pm . 
  i believe i fail to convey the nuance of what i 'm trying to say , he does n't throw people in jail cells because he wants to ban criticism , he just can not accept that he 's wrong and break character . 
  oh i 'm sure , greece and turkey would be best buddies if you guys were muslim or us christian , so similar in culture yet so apart . 
  anyhow . 
  you are not so far from it , this ` lack of structure ' you speak of is not because we have not tried ( see : atat\u00fcrk 's revolution ) but because when such ideas of containment not come from the people ( as it did in europe - the enlightenment ) but are introduced as social engineering projects ( kemalism ) they do not really resonate with everyone and people like tayyip or menderes or demirel appear as a direct result . 
  \u015eerif mardin has interesting articles about this if you are interested . 
  none taken , but perhaps you do n't think it enough ? 
  because i believe there is a difference between not liking/banning criticism and throwing people in jail cells over it and turning yourself into a laughingstock . 
  he 's essentially a monkey plugging his ears . 
  honest answer ? 
  erdo\u011fan will go when the capitalists are done with him and will be replaced by a yet another meathead . 
  ever since the multi party system was introduced we had centre-right/liberal/borderline-islamist governments , one after another after another and frankly this one is not any different . 
  he 's a bonehead who listens to the wishes of his capitalist overlords and is able to mobilize the rural folk behind his back , so he will be where he is until he 's no longer valuable . 
  perhaps we will not follow/adopt a ` western ' model of civilization/democracy and choose to create our own in the process , but who am i and who are you to judge if that 's the wish of the people ? 
  he 's democratically elected , after all . 
  and here 's an interesting [ diagram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lngvasl.jpg ) if you want to understand why he rages when someone criticizes him . 
  our culture ( the shame one ) is old , enigmatic and very different then yours , so a borderline narcissist like erdo\u011fan can not really take criticism . 
  he bans twitter or demands removal of videos etc. 
  knowing fully well that it wo n't really stop people from seeing/reading the ` insults ' , but not doing would mean accepting the accusation - which is a no-no . 
  this should also illuminate why turks are unable to come to terms with armenians ; the genocide accusation is so ` insulting ' that they ca n't really just go and say ` ok , we might 've sort of wanted you to get the fuck out of here ' , so instead they say ` no , it was a reaction against your atrocities ' - which could also be true , but that 's not necessarily the point . 
  tl ; dr turkish culture is archaic and very problematic when you try to understand it with western cultural codes . 
  that 's integrity , man . 
  i like a man of principle . 
  well done . 
  we will brainwash turkish redditors to be proud of his downvoting skills . 
  future shills will talk about him as the national hero of r/turkey . 
  are you ` proud ' of what you did as well ? 
  lol why would i downvote you ? 
  turkey is what it is and it is here to stand . 
  it 's funny you ` westerners ' are still so butthurt about it after a hundred years . 
  just let go , man . 
  it 's ok not to hate . 
  here , i upvoted you . 
  i hope you are happy now . 
  why would we shoot and immortalize the fucker ? 
  he needs to be tried for his crimes and then rot in a jail cell somewhere . 
  said a guy on the internet . 
  do n't you guys ever sit and wonder what went wrong ? 
  what was it that made these people feel so alienated that they found the need to establish a counter-culture shaped around extreme nationalism/racism and ... biker gangs and ... rap music ? 
  i guess turkey also had a hand in this , all of the unqualified immigrants were lower-class and they were most certainly looked down on here in turkey for the longest time so it would make sense they are avid supporters of erdo\u011fan now . 
  but this ? 
  our attitude towards the immigrants seriously does not explain this . 
  mordor perhaps ? 
  i 'm very fond of the idea there is a piece of land on earth where only scientists live on . 
  it 's funny that you think it started with akp/erdo \u011fan . 
  the akp ` tradition ' goes far back , way back to the democrat party era ( and even way back ) and the only reason previous parties were not necessarily successful was because of the army - the army would block any attempt that would undermine atat\u00fcrk 's ideals . 
  but erdo\u011fan successfully `` decapitated '' the army with the help of g\u00fclen and it 's only going downhill from here on with the new constitution that they 're drawing . 
  and i 'm not comparing turkey to iran or whatever else , i 'm only saying that top-down attempts at introducing democratic/progressive ideals to asiatic societies have a history of backfiring , mostly because the movements are only supported/embraced by the cultural/political/military elite and not by the periphery/mass . 
   if you fell for akp/erdogan propaganda at some point , my friend , you are not well versed in middle eastern politics . 
  i did not fell for it , just as i 'm not falling for pkk , although i did support hdp and i think ypg should distance itself from pkk-tak if possible . 
   the societal results of atat\u00fcrk rule in turkey and of kck rule in rojava are a progressive leap forward . 
  it 's too early to tell what will become of rojova , and i do not see what is so progressive about a nation-wide assimilation attempt in order to create an artificial national identity for the sake of becoming `` like the west '' , which obviously backfired and instead gave us pkk and akp 's religious base . 
  you , my friend , are not well versed in middle eastern politics , especially if you seriously consider this `` progressive project '' as something more than a fa\u00e7ade to win the support of the west ; unlike many `` progressive projects '' of the past , the most relevant of which being our beloved erdo\u011fan , the golden boy who would bring democracy and moderate islam into the region , who instead turned the country into a family business and even built himself a fucking palace , and going as far back as to the house of al saud , the britain 's favorite rebel , who saved the arabians from the tyranny of the `` red sultan '' and turned the arabian peninsula into , well , what it is today , a theocratic shithole . 
  it 's exceptionally funny when you think that the palestinian rebellion also gained prominence as a socialist/revolutionary movement , much like the pkk and very compatible with the zeitgeist of the time . 
  no wonder pkk changed its ideology in 2000 , conveniently around the time when the rise of neo-liberalism finally became inevitable . 
  the middle east is a mess , every movement here wants a piece of it , and they are prepared to do what it takes to gain legitimacy . 
  hdp had the chance to become a national party , take the support of student movements behind its back and push for those `` progressive projects '' and perhaps transform turkey for the better and maybe even ask for a kurdish autonomy through democratic means . 
  instead pkk turned it into war once more and now ( yet again ) we have to deal with you `` civilized '' meat-heads judging us from your ivory towers .
