  if you seriously believe kck will be able to transform the kurdish uncivilized rural mass into an utopic wonderland , well , look how well similar top-down modernization projects turned out to be for atat\u00fcrk 's turkey , shah reza 's iran and zulfikar ali 's pakistan . 
  pkk changed its ideology as occasions required more than a few times already , you are shallow to think they will not become a part of the capitalist system the moment they exercise sovereignty over turkish kurdistan ; their revolutionary ideology is only a legitimizing fa\u00e7ade which will most certainly be abolished - this is also why the turkish left in general no longer support pkk but stand behind hdp instead . 
  i have come to learn that ignoring never resolves anything . 
  whatever he might be does not matter , i will still try to find a common ground and if that does not work then i will at least have a clear conscience about it . 
  exactly . 
  so you see , nothing is black and white and you ca n't blame turkey alone in this , especially when you consider that it is also the us and eu that arm the pkk against the turks , and turn their backs to the innocent kurds who suffer as a consequence . 
  for the sake of kurds and the well-being of the region , i hope so as well . 
  now that 's an entirely different issue and i , too , believe turkey should officially confront and acknowledge past mistakes regarding the mistreatment of not just kurds but all minorities including the greeks , armenians , assyrians , but it is all too well known how good turkey is with facing its past ( sadly ) . 
  i wholeheartedly hoped that the democratic initiative process would establish a path to eventually do just that , but honestly i no longer believe either side to be sincere in this conflict , not since last july , and not since the past two bombings . 
  heh no shit , nor it will be granted any time soon if pkk-tak continue to carbomb civilians . 
  maybe the hague should do something about it , i 'd be glad to see erdogan tried for war crimes . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  the alternative road was what [ \u00d6calan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abdullah_%c3%96calan#proposal_for_political_solution ) and [ hdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peoples%27_democratic_party_\\ ( turkey \\ ) ) was [ trying to achieve for the past few years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_initiative ) , until pkk ended the cease-fire against the wishes of hdp and [ demirta\u015f ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selahattin_demirta%c5%9f ) , raising the tensions again and ultimately destroying the initiative right after hdp finally crossed the election threshold . 
  http://i.imgur.com/dm09xz8.gifv and fyi , no sovereign country needs to justify how it handles its territorial integrity or its sovereignty so long as it does not commit war crimes . 
  i 'm all for minority rights and equal opportunities for the kurds and would even support self-governance , but there is no moral superiority in kidnapping youngsters to join your cause , vandalizing schools , hospitals and other development projects to impoverish the region , suicide bombing innocent civilians , brutally murdering sleeping policemen , shelling the families of servicemen and killing conscripts who have no other choice but to serve and would rather not be in the army ; surely there are other means to achieve that moral superiority . 
  yet even today , after more than 30 years of bloodshed and endless conflict , you still would n't find people ( and obviously i do not mean the ultra-nationalists/neofascists here ) who would espouse hatred for the `` kurds '' easily , the distinction between the kurds and the pkk , a distinction the west often avoids making , is well established even in the eyes of the commoners . 
  indeed , you 're also naive/misinformed if you seriously think all kurds living in the turkish kurdistan actually support the pkk - the reality is far from it . 
  hell if that was the case i 'm pretty sure the conflict would already be over . 
  the truth is pkk is losing ground fast , and the kurds of the area do not even help their cause anymore . 
  killing babies , supporting feminism and justifying * your * racism as progressive moral superiority since 1984 . 
  the bulk came from bosnia and yugoslavia in the 50s-60s as far as i remember . 
  hey , it 's because you are not allowed to say it . 
  i , on the other can say whatever the hell i want since i am turkish . 
   but from an outsiders perspective it does seem like edrogan and his party are wholesale copying what putin did in russia last decade yeah , that 's pretty much true . 
  he even managed to pull off the medvedev-putin switcharoo with his own puppet davuto\u011flu , although personalistic , one-man party-of-powers are hardly a new thing here in turkey . 
  hey thanks , someone reasonable for a change !, 
  do you think in the 90s , 80s and 70s people were different ? 
  do you really think we ever had a competent government ? 
  akp and the like literally dominated turkish political conjuncture ever since they emerged in the 40s as the `` democrat party '' , when the multi party system was first introduced . 
  the `` secular '' military kept banning them ever since , but they just re-appeared with different names and their base moved to the next party . 
  akp is only the last instance of this historical trait . 
  the people did n't change either , in the 40s they voted conservative , today they vote conservative . 
  turkey developed its own tradition of democracy which you can neither explain nor find parallels with any other state than itself . 
  its press was always silenced , judiciary compromised and legislature and executive corrupt . 
  i had a professor who used to work as a journalist , he would joke that to be respected in the profession you needed to * visit a prison * and that they would respect you in prison if you were in for political reasons . 
  it 's just how it has always been in this country . 
  same things recurring over and over again , same corrupt governments , same corrupt politics . 
  and you know what ? 
  it is actually better to have religious schools for the sake of this country , as the bans were never effective anyway . 
  in the past muslim populace always found other ways to indoctrinate their young , which enabled islamic cults such as adnan oktar and fethullah g\u00fclen to exist and gain followers . 
  since these schools are official now , the illegal ones are disappearing and instead of sending their children to the basement of the neighbourhood hodja people now send them to legal alternatives where they are allowed to freely study quran . 
  i have no problem with this as i think in the end its better for these schools to be actively controlled by the government . 
  turkish understanding of islam is at best `` mild '' anyway . 
  turkey does not have a wahhabist tradition nor the cultural fabric that would support it . 
  conservatives here do n't even practice the religion they belong to . 
  they do n't pray , they consume alcohol , they engage in premarital sex , they like to go to prostitutes and brag about it . 
  there is a reason why turkey has one of the most progressive prostitution laws in the world , yet tell a turk shit about islam and they will defend it to death . 
  95 % of turks do n't even speak arabic but they will recite you all the islamic prayers without even understanding what they speak of . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  religion is only a fa\u00e7ade for them , just a thing they hold on to and build their identity around . 
  i understand your concern , but i have no doubt that turkey will just remain as it is . 
  when shit hits the fan we will elect a leftist government to clean after this one , and start voting conservative again when things go back to normal . 
  who said anything about it being bad ? 
   yeah it is said that the grandfather of atat\u00fcrk is albanian and they base this to some ottoman records i think , but others dispute it because the grandfather spoke turkish and apparently albanians never really spoke turkish , ever ( ? ) . 
  in either case , no one actually cares . 
  no turk is really a turk anyway , most of us are of greek , arabic , kurdish , armenian etc. 
  origin one way or the other . 
  * sigh * . 
  i find this circlejerk pretty boring . 
  turkey has not been `` islamised '' , i lived here all my life and experienced all 13 years of the erdo\u011fan governments . 
  the only significant thing akp did to turkey in terms of `` islamization '' was to remove the headscarf ban and opening up of more religious schools maybe ? 
  and that 's pretty much it , and i say this as an atheist . 
  islam works as a fucking magnet in turkey as ignorant masses ( and they are indeed * massive * ) always vote conservative no matter what . 
  as a result , only conservative parties such as akp are guaranteed to get a majority in the parliament , and due to this these parties always attract the shittiest , most despicable , power-hungry career politicians in the country , as they will almost always get a seat in the parliament . 
  then these politicians chant islam and religion and headscarves and shit for the news sections of newspapers and tv channels every now and then to keep their voter base in line and entertained , but in the parliament they only do the dirty work of the capitalists who bribe and monetarily support their party and engage in all kinds of corruption . 
  it is particularly them who would n't want a more islamized turkey in the beginning , as by keeping this country `` secular '' they maintain an evergreen voter base . 
  edit : i wonder which brigade invaded this comment ? 
  it was +5 last time i checked . 
  nah , you guys are ok . proxy wars are more fun anyway . 
  afaik most albanians that live in turkey came from yugoslavia during the 50s and 60s as the yugoslavian government forced muslims to declare themselves as `` turks '' and migrate to turkey , although many of them did not even speak turkish . 
  indeed , the oldest generation of albanians still do not speak turkish fluently , albeit they as a minority are pretty well integrated . 
  iirc around 5 million people of albanian origin live in turkey today . 
  ^ source : ^ a ^ history ^ of ^ turkey ^ class ^ i ^ took ^ a ^ few ^ years ^ back, 
  sorry to intervene ( i know what a dogfight is ) but i was compelled to say a few things . 
  maybe the other commentator is a bit young to remember or disinterested in the subject , but especially since i grew up in \u0130zmir as a kid i distinctly remember the turko-greek dogfights over on the aegean sea that happened during the 90s ... 
  yet , reading this comment chain i suddenly realized that especially after the second half of the 2000s the sentiment with regards to greece drastically changed in turkey , we no longer see * you * as the enemy for the most and it is quite true that these incidents are largely represented in turkish media as friendly frictions , to the point no one actually cares whether the greeks invade our airspace anymore except maybe the military and the ultra-nationalist idiots ... 
  yet you sound as if this is not the case for the greeks , which , if true , might come as a surprise to many of us . 
  my two cents , and have a nice day from a fellow turk on the other side of the aegean, 
  that 's not necessarily a good way to look at things . 
  akp has supporters from all segments of life , liberals , capitalists , small business owners , nationalists etc. 
  also support akp due to one reason or another and only a very small percentage of them are jihadi allah snackbars . 
  my brother voted for akp too but for all the wrong reasons , he just feels grateful to them because he was given a loan by the akp government when his business was about to go bankrupt . 
  as he feels grateful he also feels inclined to vote for them even though he does not accept their stand on many issues and he 's a secular guy . 
  or just take a look at [ this extremely populist ad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_nc15ltueu ) they kept showing in literally every mainstream tv channel before the elections in june . 
  they mastered how to speak the language of the common folk who watch television all day and do not really think for themselves . 
  they could n't care less whether he 's a fascist dictator , or a corrupt cult leader or an islamist , in erdo\u011fan they see a common face and a fatherly figure and sadly that 's enough for many of them . 
  if ottomans were anything near isis nobody would even remember you guys today . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  erdo\u011fan was the biggest supporter of mohamed morsi , the ex-president of egypt . 
  morsi was the first democratically elected president of egypt and he had ties to the islamic organisation muslim brotherhood . 
  after morsi unsuccessfully attempted an `` islamist coup '' to consolidate all power he sparked nationwide protests and was eventually taken down by the egyptian army . 
  erdo\u011fan fiercely opposed the protests and the army 's intervention . 
  erdo\u011fan had strategic interests and probably saw an ally in morsi ; it 's not a secret that he 's been wanting greater influence in the middle east and in the islamic world in general and to that aim erdo\u011fan had a tendency to show support to islamist `` underdogs '' like hamas and muslim brotherhood so that he can have them under his spell . 
  he stopped doing all that and is largely favoring a non-interventionist foreign policy especially after the russian jet incident . 
  however , our relations with egypt got seriously strained due to these incidents , and it does not look like they are going to get better anytime soon now that we fixed our relations with israel as well . 
  since morsi got taken down by the army , the general tendency in egypt with regards to erdo\u011fan is understandably not favorable and it does not surprise me that some of the politicians are offering asylum to g\u00fclen , since he 's an enemy to erdo\u011fan . 
  especially the educated and liberal portions of egypt hate erdo\u011fan for supporting an islamist dictator , and they are not wrong , so politicians are probably aiming to gain their support by hitting erdo\u011fan where it hurts . 
  another thing to note is that erdo\u011fan 's support for morsi was also harshly criticized here in turkey and even his own party criticized his/davuto \u011flu 's ( then foreign minister ) foreign policy from time to time . 
  i 'm only saying be\u015fir / bashir is not a common turkish name , while muhammed , abdullah and lale are .
