  this is neither a news piece nor a public statement but an inductive argument made in the comment section of a reddit post and therefore not bound to be factually correct . 
  by comparing a fictional book character to a historical dictator op makes the point that everything is not black and white when it comes to actual people and even someone like hitler or erdogan or trump can be liked by others for some reason or another . 
  the fact that whether hitler was a vegetarian or not is hardly the point here and is only brought up to make an argument from analogy - not to mention whether being a vegetarian is even a redeeming quality at all . 
  now tell me again please , how does this make me trump or erdogan ? 
  from my standpoint it only makes you trump since you clearly demonstrate a lack of comprehension skills . 
  * the previous comment is retracted in these countries : turkey *, 
  you have every right brother . 
  please hate him more in the future not only with empty statements but with more actions like this one , his supporters really do think that he 's invincible , maybe this will be an eye opener . 
  i 'm fairly certain he 's achieved immortality . 
  corruption and oil-based economy fucked them up , terrible money policies ( fixed rates , denying inflation when you are dependent on foreign markets ) further reinforced market failure and their leaders use populist discourses to justify their stay in power and blame their failure on everyone but themselves . 
  he 's only making a point . 
  who gives a fuck whether he was a vegetarian or not . 
  same, 
  i agree , which is why i counted them apart from the states . 
  i 'm not well read on the events fueling the massacres , but armenians had been wanting better civil liberties for decades and iirc the treaty of berlin of the previous decade imposed certain conditions on the ottoman state regarding the well-being of the armenians , but abdul hamid decided not to follow through in order not to fuel a nationalist movement for the armenians . 
  this backfired immensely when the armenians rebelled against the state at sasun in 1894 - what followed the rebellion was the hamidian massacres . 
  hamidiye was certainly not irregulars at first , but they certainly were post-1915 as they were commending themselves and were not part of the turkish military structure . 
  by all means they were ottomans , who rebelled against the state . 
   does n't this imply at least tacit approval of the massacre of armenians , in your understanding ? 
  of course it does , that 's exactly what is implied . 
  he credulously believed the survival of the ottoman state required a `` pan-islamic '' worldview that would prevent his people from being influenced by outside powers and unite them under his reign ; thus he considered the armenian population to be a direct threat to that worldview . 
  he wanted anything not closely resembling sunni islam out of the country at once , which is precisely why he turned a blind eye to the armenian massacres - kurds were doing what he wanted to do himself ( and kurds had been wanting the armenian lands and money for centuries anyway so it worked out for them in the end ) . 
  abdul hamid even formed mobile imam units that would go from town to town to convert the * heretic turks * into proper sunni muslims . 
  the guy was a maniac , he was so paranoid he actually established a spy agency that would spy on his own citizens - historically the first incidence of the surveillance state . 
   what do you think is the relevance of the the year the massacres took place in regards to armenian issues , if any ? 
  if you are referring to post-1915 events the relevance is the world war i of course , russians were fighting ottomans from the east and supplying the armenian rebels with armaments to fight alongside them . 
  another year and ottomans would lose the east entirely . 
  armenians rebelled with russian weapons and attacked turkish and kurdish villages to revenge the hamidian massacres . 
  though the post-1915 events were hardly one sided , both sides lost millions of civilians to the massacres committed by both parties to cleanse the other out of those lands . 
  used ? 
  kurds have been looting armenians for decades before the massacres , murdering entire families to steal their properties , kidnapping virgin teens to force them into marriage - kurds were precisely the reason why armenians turned against the ottoman state . 
  armenians were once a loyal part of the empire , but the kurdish atrocities were overlooked during abdul hamid ii 's reign because the fanatical , borderline psychopath sultan had dreams of re-establishing his sunni caliphate ( which had been in decline for the past century ) and believed kurds were the right people to do it with . 
  indeed , turks in general whored , drank alcohol , did not give a shit about religion , were shi'i or alevi or followed the teachings of bektash or rumi and so on they were certainly not fanatical enough for his sunni worldview . 
  abdul hamid did not brainwash kurds or used them , they willingly participated in his massacres and after 1915 even committed them themselves without receiving any orders . 
  `` hamidian corps '' as they called themselves even [ tried to establish their own caliphate state on the lands they stole from the armenians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheikh_said_rebellion ) after the turkish republic abolished the caliphate entirely , literally decades after the end of hamid 's reign . 
  i 'm not shifting any blame since ethnic kurds * were * ottomans as they are turks today , and most of them lived in the east together with armenians at the time , and one could say today they live in the east mostly by themselves . 
  indeed , their demographics in the east vastly surpasses that of ethnic turks . 
  fyi traditionally nomadic turks ( ` y\u00f6r\u00fcks ' ) lived in steppes of central anatolia , while the rest ( colloquially called ` turkmens , ' meaning muslim turks ) were scattered along the mediterranean and aegean coasts - both of these places had close to zero armenian settlements before things turned ugly . 
  hamidian massacres of armenians for instance were largely committed by ethnic kurds . 
   i was referring to the initial leaders like talaat pasha and his crew . 
  i 'm not saying that they were all evil i realize that , although the three pashas were evil and they did not actually know it . 
  they thought becoming a nation-state was the only way of securing the future of the country , since during the past century the ottomans lost half the empire to rebellions , and russia and england were actively trying to spark more of them all over the country . 
  but the ottoman empire was never a homogeneous , single-religion state , so doing that meant you had to find a way to convert a significant percentage of the country into muslim turks , or get rid of them * somehow * . 
  their evilness comes from thinking they could actually achieve this perverted scheme and get away with it , too . 
  by the way , it 's a bit of a stretch to think that they initiated the modernization of the ottoman state ; the process actually started with sultan mahmud ii and his reforms more than half a century before their time and continued with the efforts of the young ottomans , the three pashas just followed along their tracks and atat\u00fcrk finished what they had started , achieving a truly modernized secular republic , and indeed it was flawless for its time . 
  jokes do n't become empires brother . 
  they become city-states . 
  at least we had atat\u00fcrk to finish what they had started , which was great while it lasted , but then islamization took over . 
  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af it could have been worse i guess . 
  ottomans , allied with germany , austria-hungary and bulgaria , fought in five fronts against russia , british empire , italy , france , greece , armenia , and also against armenian , greek and arab rebels within the mainland . 
  they only won one of these fronts ( gallipolli ) . 
  around 2.000.000 ottoman soldiers were killed as a result of the war ( with the exception of sar\u0131kam\u0131\u015f , where 60.000 ottoman soldiers died due to hypothermia ) . 
  around 3.000.000 civilians ( estimations , counting both armenian and muslim civilians ) were either massacred or relocated outside of the mainland anatolia . 
  * i.e. 
  when you include the massacres the death toll actually rises from 15 % to 30 % of the entire population * ( census in 1906 20.975.345 vs. census in 1919 14.629.000 , ~ 30 % , ^ according ^ to ^ [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_ottoman_empire ) ) . 
  we had literal ghost towns around the aegean and mediterranean regions up until the 60s ( but not in the eastern region , since , well ... mostly because kurds ( allied with ottomans ) immediately looted and occupied all of the armenian towns in the east and they call it kurdistan today ) . 
  so true . 
  i just want to kick them in the balls when they 're not looking and immediately run away ( since they fire tear gas canisters to your head and the courts let them get away with it ) . 
  although i 'm not sure why you say the moon can not look like this ( it certainly can if taken at the right time with the right lens and angle , all you need is a will , a partial eclipse and a clear sight of the horizon ) , you are correct to assume that it 's a photoshop . 
  [ a shitty one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e3xa9jx.png ) , too , as exemplified by the discoloration around the high contrast edges when you do an ela . 
  i 'd expect better from the internet . 
  * ouch * . 
  hahahaha stop i can only laugh so much, 
   this place has always been left-wing leaning hahahahahahaha oh wow, 
  asianews.it is a great source for the latest news on turkish education , i follow it everyday myself . 
  i 'm sorry , i guess i live in burkina faso . 
  do n't get me wrong i totally see your point , i can also say the same thing for instance for eid . 
  in turkey eid also does not have much religious meaning to it , it 's just another excuse to do a barbecue really whereas for the rest of the islamic world it 's an extremely important religious holiday . 
  there is a reason why we choose to do this though . 
  the friction between different religions , sects and denominations are quite high in turkey , and sadly where you see culture somebody will see religion and will acknowledge it as a threat . 
  this ensures schools to remain equal for everyone . 
  even the conservatives who would rather live in an islamic dictatorship ( considering they keep voting for erdo\u011fan ) support this school system . 
  please read my comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j1wj0/turkishgerman_school_in_istanbul_denies_reports/dbd7zdj/ ) to be less ignorant of the subject . 
  thank you . 
  good riddance , i say . 
  i hope they pull their funding . 
  religion does not belong in school , no matter under what pretense . 
  i was not taught a single thing about islamic holidays at school . 
  our schools have been secular in structure for almost a century now . 
  which is in fact exactly why ultra-conservatives in the eastern parts of the country refuse to send their children to school . 
  the school is known the be founded by germans , not funded . 
  this may not be true , i do n't know much about the school 's history other than that it 's quite old , however the word i used is the correct one . 
  the german government may also be funding the german staff of the school , however it 's not like their financing is needed . 
  it would also be quite absurd for germany to pull funds from a school because its administration refused to allow christian traditions . 
  quite funny to even think about it . 
  foreign schools in turkey were never allowed to incorporate religion into their curriculums , i do n't know why this would be an issue now considering it was not in the past . 
  i am , actually . 
  the school is in turkey . 
  in turkey , we do n't like religion in schools . 
  christianity is a religion , it 's not a german religion . 
  it 's a middle eastern religion . 
   how can one be immersed in christian european culture without learning about christmas . 
  they are not supposed to be immersed in christian culture , just european is enough . 
  and it 's not a school specific rule , in turkey all schools are secular . 
  no religion allowed , foreign schools are no exception . 
  that 's weird . 
  it 's almost as if it 's the turkish grammar with an entirely different vocabulary . 
  how does that even happen ? 
  i thought turkic languages were no longer considered to be in the same language family as uralic languages , but similarities in the way words and sentences are formed in hungarian are immediately obvious to me as a turkish speaker . 
  yeah , you guys should all downvote it to oblivion so that no one will see it .
