  the groups `` alleged '' to be linked with g\u00fclen obviously , from kkk to nation of islam . 
  it 's ok though , sectarian wars have always been part of rural pennsylvania . 
  no of course not , so long as you try not to be disrespectful and stay away from contemptuous comparisons and utter profane language you 'll be fine . 
  for instance , i hate erdo\u011fan as much as the next guy with a functioning brain , but he 's still my president and my people elected him fair and square . 
  some people here expect me to give them a high five when they say `` erdolf is a goatfucker '' and that is just wrong , do n't do that . 
  sure , and as long as you do n't throw any insults , do n't get above yourself and act all self-righteous , i 'm sure an average turk would listen to your criticism . 
  do you think an average turk is representative of their government ? 
  nope , i have not beaten you up , you see . 
  i do n't think you are representative of your government , however , i feel an average turk would still have you know why they hate your government . 
  feel free to finish your tea . 
  well you ca n't , see , we have no presence in your country nor do we actively try and control your government . 
  we also have not invaded mexico using your airbase in texas , we did not fuck up all of north america and left you with a jihadi rapist death squad around your border . 
  we also do not actively support canadian terrorists that try to split your country for over 30 years . 
  no , in that case an average turk would still shut you up and you would still listen . 
  your government is evil to all over the world , ours is evil to itself . 
  have you seen the other republican candidates ? 
  is it really so surprising that trump got to be the candidate ? 
  what a shit show that was . 
  but will trump become the president ? 
  i think you know the answer to that . 
  so have fun while it lasts . 
   and i 'm sure they 'd be civil with me as long as i sat quietly and nodded in agreement right ? 
   i 'm sure it will be fine so long as you do n't get above yourself and act all self-righteous . 
  it would also help if you actually try to listen . 
  america is practically a country ruled by corporations behind the scenes , while a political farce entertains the masses on tv . 
  i do n't believe that it is representative when majority of the population do not even have a clue of half the atrocities their government has committed all over the world . 
  so no , i do n't believe it is representative . 
  i do however understand your point , but still you wo n't easily find anyone here who will want to beat you up or anything just because you are american , a more likely scenario would be an invite to drink a glass of turkish tea where you 'll be told why your country is evil if the discussion turns to politics . 
  which were made part of nato 's stay-behind forces to protect greece from the threat of communism after greece joined nato with the truman doctrine . 
  how coincidental do you think it is that all turkish coups were orchestrated by similar groups within the turkish army , groups that were also made part of nato 's stay-behind operations after turkey joined nato with the truman doctrine ? 
  if you asked me , i 'd say not too much . 
  it 's also totally coincidental that the majority of the regiments that got involved with the latest coup attempt were somehow part of nato 's rapid deployable corps . 
  but the moment washington denied involvement the us got cleared of all blame , of course . 
  they would never do such a thing . 
  it 's all a ploy orchestrated by erdo\u011fan / s. 
  he already did blame himself , he went on tv twice after to coup to say that he helped them do all this and asked for forgiveness . 
  i did n't forgive him , but i 'm not in favor of changing horses in midstream especially now that he 's trying to mend relations with kemalists and the secular people in general . 
  he needs to clean up his mess first . 
  and a pokestop and a dratini spawn point and he wants it all for himself . 
  lol of course it was supported by the us . 
  why would we or the greeks hate americans ? 
  they 're people after all , sure they are crass and loud but so are we and so are the greeks . 
  much like what you said we have a problem with their government and their foreign policy , not themselves . 
  good . 
  we should arm them against g\u00fclen and start a pseudo-civil war . 
  do you think yours does ? 
  to piss you off , apparently . 
  get involved with 3 + military coups in a country within a 50-year timeframe , see what happens . 
  there 's also strong evidence that he sprays chemical weapons on trespassing kids that hunt pokemon . 
  according to our news , two formal requests have already been made . 
  that oddly sounds like a laundry detergent . 
  just lift my visa restriction , you can keep the union . 
  yes ; some families even went to the constitutional court because their children were forced to get vaccines and while the court approved their petition the bureaucratic procedure continues to basically force all families anyway ; you need vaccination certificates for your children to get service at state clinics/hospitals and to apply for welfare benefits , and also at public schools/daycares its mandatory for children to get vaccinated if they have no government approved vaccination certificates . 
  essentially if you do n't get your children vaccinated you are denied service at state institutions . 
  turns out dealing with outbreaks is much harder and expensive than providing vaccines for every child which we produce for dirt cheap anyway . 
  certainly not the only thing , but would n't you say it 's enough of a reason on its own ? 
  erdogan 's government basically condones police brutality and courts let them get away with when people die or get hurt . 
  after the gezi protests new laws were introduced as well so that police is able to crack down on any protest in any way they seem fit as soon as it starts now . 
  because if you do n't [ you might get hit in the head with a tear gas canister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berkin_elvan ) . 
   they are eu 's and romanian citizens , they are welcome to run for and vote whoever they want in the romanian and eu 's parliament . 
  but will they ? 
  probably not . 
  iirc our opposition party ( chp ) actually reached to our romani mp to get him to take part in the elections to become an mp for the romani minority . 
  maybe an incentive like this would be beneficial for your country as well . 
  no way they are gon na do it on their own . 
   if 3 % of the population does n't respect a law you ca n't just take their children away . 
  this is the shit australians used to do with aborigines back in the good old racists days . 
  the law is meant to be dissuasive , i.e. 
  you start to take their children away , word gets out and they start to willingly send their children to school . 
  this law was introduced because our kurdish minority used to prevent girls from going to school and sell them off for dowry and the number of girls going to school dramatically increased after it was introduced and started to be enforced . 
  that 's how we do it . 
  police has its fun , child gets vaccinated and learns to be afraid of the police , family gets beaten up . 
  it 's fun and educational for all parties involved . 
  i am well aware of the gypsy culture , we have our own share of them here in turkey as well , but laws are laws and they are enforced . 
  do they have any means to be represented in the parliament ? 
  maybe all you need is a gypsy political leader who 'd give them a voice . 
  recently we elected [ our first romani mp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%96zcan_pur%c3%a7u ) to the parliament and he 's been working hard to fix their issues in country . 
  romani people seem to be more happy and engaged in the political affairs of the country thanks to him . 
   actual governemnt does n't give a fuck about anything except stealing as much as they can and pardon themself from jail . 
  i read about that in the news recently . 
  it 's very unnerving . 
  best of luck to you brother , i only hope for better days for you guys . 
   they are mostly gypsies , they do n't send their children to school anyways . 
  ohh , i see . 
  school up to high-school is compulsory in turkey and parents face jail-time and the child protection agency takes away the children if they prevent their children from going to school . 
  i guess it helps that practically every child has to go to school in turkey . 
  you 'd say the same thing for turkey 20 years ago as well . 
  now non-vaccinated children are non-existent especially after the government started to give children vaccine shots at schools instead of asking families to bring their children over to hospitals, 
  turks that live in abroad are usually very pro erdo\u011fan . 
  the polls show that they still need a couple more million votes to make him a sultan in the upcoming referendum , so they need the diaspora to go and vote . 
  nah , turks just do that themselves . 
  do it like we do , no free healthcare/daycare/public school/welfare benefits if you do n't get your children vaccinated . 
  surprisingly effective . 
  it 's not a turkish word , its a phonetic transcription of * zeitung * in turkish and i would say it does n't really mean anything other than sounding a bit funny in turkish . 
  there is a joke in there somewhere too i guess , but i do n't know . 
  zaytung is quite popular in turkey and can be genuinely funny and original , but at times i feel some of their jokes are way too edgy for me to even get them . 
  maybe i 'm getting old . 
  he meant satirical , zaytung is the turkish onion . 
  are you being intentionally obtuse ? 
  what sort of ad hominem extraneous rhetoric is that ?
