i 'd rather have an elected trump with the will of the people , than someone who was decided for us . 
  parties should be afraid of their electorate and bend to their will . 
  i do n't think i want a huge crash in everything , but i 'd be lying if i said i would n't have hope that the world we 'd end up with at the end would be better . 
  i do n't like the copious amounts of world trade we have now adays , and i do n't like the roll america has taken on as being the single power to command the west . 
  but again , not looking for peril or war -- it 's just a academic thing which in practice gets a lot less clear cut and hazy . 
  i 'm about to leave for permanence , so its been off and on . 
  i know the political tensions well , so i understand where you 're coming from -- and trust me i get the stress . 
  i just see there could be a silver lining now that the mainstream has kicked out the only reasonable candidate wanting true reform . 
  that 's why i 'm a proponent of more power to the states , well i would be . 
  if they were competent institutions . 
  but that said , the american government was set up and was a fairly medium sized country -- it was n't created with the entire continent in mind . 
  i do n't pretend it 's perfect in france ; but that 's not my point . 
  the founding fathers were known to put many institutions ( see the electoral college ) to hold off mob rule as they called it . 
  it 's no secret that the federal government of today has grown increasingly obscure for the american public . 
  i 'm not talking about a civil war , and a mass revolution not seen since 1789 -- i 'm simply saying that having a angered populace at the right goal could do more good than bad . 
  i 'm also an american too . 
  just an expat . 
  not just random chaos . 
  i 've always dislike the aristocratic , and very distant way that the american system has been set up . 
  hopefully this will get people to want real change . 
  either way , if they chose clinton , trump , or maybe the mcmulllin -- half of the populace is going to be outraged . 
  i agree . 
  i hate him , but if that were to happen it 'd be the most interesting thing to happen in a long while . 
  i pray that there is a 269-269 divide and the entire country breaks into chaos as it goes to congress , and they realise how shaky their democratic process actually is . 
  sure . 
  i understand the anglo perspective is often like yours , and i do respect the difference ; however that does n't mean i have to agree with it . 
  also , i agree . 
  it 's better the uk go off in its own direction . 
  i just found it funny how a lot of the argument was helping out the farmers , and yet it seems to have bitten them on the rear . 
   we do n't have family farms in the uk any more . 
  there is no reason why children of farmers ca n't be software creators , brand consultants , business development managers and so forth . 
  individuals are free to choose their own paths . 
  i have a hard time believing that , but if so it 's a shame . 
  i also never said they could n't chose , that was nowhere in my original statement . 
  what ? 
   being a famer is not more productive than being a software designers and i do n't romanticise one more than another . 
  i do n't think that the tax-payer should be subsidising farmers any more than it should be subsidising software designers . 
  thankfully france respects her farmers , so this is n't a problem . 
  anyhow , i really dislike your stance on it . 
  it 's one of the biggest shames of our modern world imho . 
  but since we 're probably not changing each others minds , i digress . 
  i 'm not too sure that they have that cheap farming ; if they do then i do n't know how it would be cheap considering their placement . 
  also , sure . 
  my friend is that way too ; however i 've always held that people 's livelihoods that have been in their family for generation , and provide our culture worth so much , is a better expense than bettering a few pound off of beef . 
  i would assume you 're not a terrible person , so i do n't want this to be taken the wrong way ... 
  i think that 's not only incredibly disrespectful , but incredibly ignorant . 
  the reason they get so cheap elsewhere is due to low standards and factory farming which is disgusting and inhumain . 
  if you value soullesss efficiency over not only local produce , but your own countrymen -- i think that 's absolutely abhorrent . 
  liberal as in economically liberal . 
  it 's crazy how disconnected everyone over there seems to be over why they brexited in the first place . 
  for the farmers , it looks like it was to better be free of competition within europe ; however through out this entire time , the liberal elites were on about `` free trade '' . 
  did they not get the memo ? 
  i 've seen this same thread like 4 other places . 
  some of the most lush and beautiful landscapes are in the british isles . 
  i will be forever slightly envious of their great countrysides . 
  i did n't know that , that 's awesome, 
  it is such a shame . 
  i 've always had a bit of my heart contemptful for the pointless bombs they dropped on normandie , destroying so much of history and beauty . 
   foreign accents can not be translated , they can only be matched with a domestic accent that `` comes close to context '' not everyone can be fluent enough in a language to differentiate accents , and it takes even more to have a context around them . 
  i know this personally . 
  the accent is lost with subs and no fluency , i am sorry but that 's just true . 
  dubs are the only thing that can replace this . 
   and you ca n't dub morgan freeman 's voice . 
  you just ca n't ... fair point . 
  god i love that man . 
   it is both easier and better unless you 're too young to read ... 
  this is untrue -- not to mention not everyone wants to read in place of listening . 
  please , do n't use your opinion as the norm for what everyone wants . 
  in a previous comment i made it clear that i was only using english as the example because of the market presensnce , and the fact that most people here have been conflating english proficiency and dubbing together , also , sure . 
  dubbing does n't work for everything , and sometimes i do n't truly enjoy it . 
  with that said , i realise the benefits of it , and will stick with it . 
   a big part of an actor 's great performance are the language manneurisms , the tone of the voice , some times the accent . 
  your argument was that dubs lose tone , accent , and other intonations that the original films have -- which is simply false . 
  that would apply to someone who can not hear having to read text only , but besides that the originals and the dubs both have that . 
  we 're not talking about vos , dubs have a full cast of trained directors and actors who are putting every ounce of effort into it than the original actors and make their main job for it to be as good , if not better than the original . 
  ( not to mention if you 're not say a native english speaker , the difference between someone from cornwall and from northern england will either not differentiable , or without any context to apply to them in the first place . ), 
   you 're being passive-agressive . 
  no one is stopping you from watching dubbed films as well . 
  do not personalise the argument . 
  by removing dubbed films from their pedestal , you are removing the money and the talent which makes them usable in the first place . 
  dubs are hard to put together , and require a lot less effort than the hard but relativly easier task of subbing . 
  simply : without a large industry , dubbing wo n't be as on demand as subs are without it . 
  i can easily , even within seconds , pull up a sub . 
  i can not pull up a dub in the same way . 
  your argument is simply ignorant of that it seems . 
  i 'd also love for the domestic industry to be better . 
  but i 'd rather make the most of a bad situation , than completely surrender . 
  also , the constant '' ... '' is equally as passive aggressive as you assumed me to be , 
  thank you . 
  sadly not everyone understands every language on earth , so a lot of the times it is going to have to be subtitled , in which case sometimes you might miss a line and not everyone is at the reading proficiency to understand all of it . 
  also , i repeat : the original version still exists . 
  all you are doing , is opening it up to people who might not be as immersed simply reading , or might not get the nuances that people fluent might have . 
  there is no one stopping you from just viewing it in an alternate way . 
  sure it is n't only english , but that is what has been dominating the market currently , so that is my example . 
  i 'm also not suggesting we get rid of the normal versions or subtitled versions either . 
  to my knowledge , there is always a choice when it comes to modern films . 
  i am saying that the default should be dubbed . 
  you 're also making a case against deaf-subtitled usage . 
  dubbing is often a times with a tone of voice , and in an accent the population can relate to as opposed to one they probably could n't even distinguish from any other , not to mention have context for . 
  if you want to watch a non-dubbed film , go do it , by all means .
