  it was originally though he and le pen were going to be the two to make it to the 2nd round * ( as she has been first in the polls for quite some time ) * ; however it is unknown . 
  outside of that , macron is really high in the polls right now ; however he 's been silent to a lot of his policy , so its unclear if that is temporary or not . 
  as for the left , there are three among them * ( one of which i did n't mention , yannick jadot , who is a part of the green party however understandably not a frontrunner ) * and so a lot of the people still loyal to the left are split among them . 
  hamon has called for them to unite * ( probably under his banner ) * ; however we 'll have to see . 
  as far as polls go , a combined effort could get them close to the second round . 
  robespierre is a very interesting character . 
  he gave himself to be the conduit of the people -- which were the same ones calling for everyone 's head on a pike ( rightfully tbh ) perhaps he had a power high ; however i firmly believe he was just a very idealogical and radical person . 
  the french you need for the limited conversation as a tourist is stuff you 'd learn within the first week of schooling and stuff you an look up in a millisecond on your computer . 
   i have to buy dictionaries and pronounciation guides and pretty much get a crash course in french no . 
  infact , you can get an app on your phone that litreally looks through your camera and translates it there . 
  it 's free believe it or not -- along with tons of translating apps or just google translate . 
   everyone else has to speak it fluently this is a straw man and does n't make much sense to anything i 've said . 
  as a tourist ( trust me , i 've been one ) you will not be engaging in anything above a first year language level or very often for that matter . 
   and then get laughed at by the lady at the counter this rarely happens , and i 've already addressed that . 
  what you do on the internet is fine , and what people prefer to do in real life is fine as well . 
  i just have a problem with not choosing to speak french first and expecting english while in that country . 
  language is a lot more than just a means of communication . 
  it has a culture and history and art surrounding it -- it 's incredibly powerful . 
  pursuing one language ( especially one with a culture already attached to it ) wo n't happen , and is dangerous . 
  there are many reasons to resist . 
  they typically have pronunciation guides . 
  also , in my experience in france it 's much more appreciated to attempt to speak the language rather than just english . 
  that 's also apart of being a tourist . 
  this is a foreign place , so there will be struggles and embarrassing culture shocks . 
  do you realise how much of an advantage that gives to one group of people , and shafts everyone else ? 
  also , just use a translation guide-book . 
  they 're cheap , and will certainly have a phrase to order in french . 
  plus with today 's technology , you may not even need that . 
  why is it that they have to speak english for you , rather than you attempting to speak french for them ? 
  you are in france after all , not england . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but i find that comment pretty entitled and ignorant . 
  it does n't need to dominate the majority of music on the radio though . 
  it 's a shame really , and an affront to the diversity of language in the world . 
  have you ever been before ? 
  where are you looking at in particular -- as all of europe is n't one solidified place that 's the same all over . 
  plus -- given that you only speak english i 'd really only recommend the united kingdom or ireland . 
  of course you can learn a language , but realise it takes a lot of effort and time -- and moving before doing so is probably a poor route to take . 
  considering i am one : yes . 
   we need real political change , unfortunately the right-wing is the only one offering real political change this is untrue . 
  especially in france . 
  there are people like m\u00e9lenchon , bastien faudot and even florian philippot . 
  sadly the people have been duped into believing the right is the only viable option . 
  it 's a shame . 
   it 's certainly what they think france is . 
  not what ` narrative ' they are trying to create for france . 
  hillary people create ` narratives ' they themselves do n't really believe . 
  the thing is , they * want * it to be true , and will ignore facts presented to them to get it . 
  i have first hand experience with this . 
  not to mention your position on sympathetics would be a lot nicer than not . 
   but i have n't made the extraordinary claim . 
  historically , most cultures did not create a way to replace populations through immigration . 
  i 'm not talking about that right now . 
  what i 'm talking about is your accusation of the people of syria to not be able to achieve success and to `` generate wealth '' ( rather dystopian view of it ) as you put it . 
   trump supporters are classic conservatives in the sense they simply want to know : `` what is true '' . 
  i 've seen more fake bullshit come out of / r/the _ donald and / r/le _ pen than any other source on reddit . 
  speaking on / r/le _ pen , many of the users have taken to ignoring a lot of nuance within france , to favour their chosen narrative of what they think france is ( not many speak french , and not many have been there ) . 
   it can not work if the vast majority of new people are unskilled and can not produce wealth though . 
  you can get an idea of what they produce by looking at syria today and seeing what they 've done in the past . 
  actually , one would expect a brain drain from these places . 
  not always through the route of asylum ; however it is a falsehood to believe that people coming from syria are n't capable of succeeding , and i consider your deterministic and quite frankly ignorant to be silly and na\u00efve . 
   but i will tell you that the declining population idea is surely a myth , a falsehood , that if left alone it ` solves itself ' and even makes social security unnecessary . 
  but that 's another story . 
  you 've commented this same thing on two of my comments , and so i leave you with this quote for your future comment : * `` the weight of evidence for an extraordinary claim must be proportioned to its strangeness . 
  '' * ~ pierre-simon laplace, 
   i 'm not much of an economist but it seems like it would just work out mostly the same after all . 
  yes , more goes into social security but then just as many more are taking out/using the social security ? 
  this is incorrect , as the ageing population ( which you can see by the fertility rate ) wo n't be apart of the labour force and so you will have less people to support an unequally large burden . 
  in france , we do n't do census on race due to values set up during la r\u00e9volution . 
  but when answering his question , i was mainly referring to refugees and asylum seekers ( which i 'll add ) considering if we 're talking about immigrants , most countries have assimilation policies in place for citizenship . 
  personally , i find sheltering those whom come from such awfully unstable places ( which we caused ) as a benefit . 
  but in terms of raw facts , with many places in europe facing an ageing population , and thus labour force , you will start to see tremendous pressure put on healthcare services for the ag\u00e8d . 
  having an influx of a working population to support that structure is beneficial and can keep these systems we cherish from collapse . 
  this if course can come at a cost if they do n't assimilate ; however if we have the right measures in place it 's alright . 
  however i would like to inform you , that the amount of ~ ~ migrants ~ ~ refugees which are currently possessed by these countries * are n't * in any way a significant part of the population and most would prefer to return given they have a future to go back to . 
  so in terms of your second point , it is n't doing that . 
  * ( although knowing you come from / r/the _ donald , i know it 's only there to provoke and force a narrative ) *, 
  yes . 
  can people stop looking at canada as just america-redux ? 
  ugh , who am i kidding . 
  just stay out of qu\u00e9bec !, 
  being a nationality is a lot more than just liking the current head of state . 
  in my opinion the north of france . 
  a lot of people automatically head south due to tourist traps and weather , but imho the north has some of the best towns and aesthetics to go with them . 
  bayeux is great . 
  just my opinion , of course there is a large mass of others who 'd disagree . 
  in my honest opinion they look awful and are one of the least attractive things you could ever wear . 
  but i suppose if you 're hiking alone or something , who cares right ? 
  how disgustingly privileged are you ? 
  i agree on all your complaints , but to honestly think that it 's a `` third world country '' or that you 'd ever * need * asylum ? 
  it 's an insult to the refugees of the world which would give their lives to have what you have . 
  get off your ivory tower . 
  however , this seems like a troll , so if it is -- just stop . 
  as an american you probably wo n't get asylum nor do you even need it . 
  will edgy conservative teenagers ever grow out of their ignorance and complete lack of empathy ? 
  let 's hope so . 
  you could even say you 'd be ... `` high as fuck '' , when snowboarding in les pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es , yes ? 
  the legitimacy of the government stems from the citizens , all of them mind you , no matter intelligence or knowledge . 
  it 's always surprising the ignorance that has come despite having this much access to so many people 's experiences . 
  personally , i see it as a few step process in france : firstly , i do enjoy the idea of la garde nationale . 
  i believe if there is to be armed men put anywhere , it should be on the defensive .
