  i delete it because it was incoherent and i did n't much like that point . 
  also , repeating it twice is beyond immature . 
  i do n't want to continue entertaining you , nor your points . 
  crazy , how a nation should support it 's own producers before those from other countries . 
  get out rightist scum , reee, 
   you post does n't even make sense . 
  i 'm sorry to say , but the same thing to you , friend . 
  honestly , none of that made any real sense , or had any bearing on what i said besides the first line . 
  fran\u00e7ois hollande and his government have one of the lowest approval ratings in history . 
  i do n't count on his government to be the perfect representation of the nation as a whole at this point , and you should n't either . 
  more so wallonie imo . 
  the flemish , in all their northern free-trade heritage , went the opposite route . 
  the majority of the french are against ceta as well . 
  i 'll admit that the current french government is n't as neutral as i 'd like , but i ca n't say i am completely unaware of their reasoning behind some of their attacks . 
  i still hold it is less so than across the atlantic . 
  i really struggle with the thought too . 
  the thought of an eu army frightens me , but i see its merit . 
  the last thing i want is for an eu to grab any more sovereignty between our nations that we 've already lost . 
  yet on the flip side , this would mean a a distancing from nato and as you said , their war-hawk policy . 
  i 've always enjoyed c. de gaulle 's reasoning for the eu . 
  the hope for it to act as a neutral force between the two sides of the world , and to be a third way in a forced dichotomy between russia and the united states . 
  the song has honestly grown on me . 
  this, 
  the disease spreads . 
  thank god . 
  good . 
  it only fuels my need to lob off qu\u00e9bec from the rest of it . 
  most of the things he 's done have been against multi-nationals . 
  as far as i 'm concerned ; destroying a mcdo is a net positive . 
  also , there is good in peacefully protesting . 
  but it is not the only just response . 
  i mean , he did get jailed multiple times now , and has been quite controversial . 
  the entire mcdonalds fiasco was incredibly risky . 
  * not everything needs to be life or death for it to be impressive *  it is also fashionable these days to it also is n't . 
  i 'm not sure what sort of idea you 're under , but most of the millennials today are incredibly cosmopolitain . 
  it is anything but trendy . 
   people do n't realize that without globalization , modern technology , affordable food , clothing , transport etc. 
  would n't even be possible . 
  also , you 're applying a false black-and-white dichotomy that does n't exist . 
  being anti-globalist is n't anti any of the things you listed , but it makes sure that there is a line put before it gets out of control . 
  not to mention many of the things you listed have hidden negatives . 
  that cheap clothing often comes at the expense of leaching off of a poorer country , and turning a blind eye to human treatment . 
  ** there is no problem with standing up for your fellow countrymen , especially farmers , when it comes to produce . 
  jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 is literally my hero . 
  standing up to the free traders/globalists is the most honourable of feats . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  how respectful of trudeau ; a true champion of healthy debate !, 
  glad canada seems to be going well ... 
  this entire brexit fiasco has been a solid supplier of irony . 
  very good point . 
  now , i do n't want to be completely wrong ; however were n't there no terms as to * how * the brexit would occur had it happened before going into the polls . 
  it 's a good point , about speaking for the 48 % . 
  it often gets lost that there is a sizeable , nearly half , of the populace who certainly did not vote for this . 
  should it be nullified ? 
  but the existence of a large and fierce opposition should n't be ignored . 
  lmfao what have i done . 
  i just looked through your account , and i finally realise i should n't even be taking you so seriously . 
  it 's actually humorous when i reduce your account to what it is : a satire . 
  you 've done a good job keeping up the charade . 
  it 's been a good laugh brother , but i 'm not in the mood to meme with you . 
  thanks though . 
  love ya c :, 
  here we go again , and for a second there i thought you were actually going to be civilised and refrain from personal insult , but alas it appears that 's just too above you . 
  the ability to read and follow the argument seems to be as well ... as i said before , i know nothing about genetics , and it was silly for me to argue it in the first place . 
  i understand for trump supporters , the concept of admitting fault is foreign , but for the rest of us who 've grown out of childhood it 's actually smiled upon . 
  now , i would n't say that you as a person disgust me . 
  because i do n't know enough about you to be `` disgusted '' ; however what you represent certainly does . 
  sure . 
  of course , i usually go with what the majority language/overarching culture is ( in the case with the silly example of calais ) but in gibraltars case , it 's rather murky . 
  alright ; i was under the impression they were more self-governing . 
  but it 's quite the unsolvable issue then . 
  yeah , it was a silly mistake i made in the moment based off of poor assumptions . 
  i 'll edit it and nix it . 
  ah , thank you . 
  as i look this up , there is a difference between autonomy with crown dependencies and ost . 
  is there any validity to the option to make it a crown dependency as it is only in the eu , because it 's an ost, 
  calais is french natured , and a french speaking region -- so that argument does n't hold up . 
  i had originally believed gibraltar to be a primarily spanish speaking area ; though it seems there is hardly a through line , there even being a natural dialect , and plenty of north africans . 
  so , i would still say perhaps a crown dependency is a good shot . 
  also , what is it with all of these assumptions and straw men ? 
  when did i ever say it was about maps , or make that assumed ? 
  i never mentioned it . 
  you 'd be fine to argue with if you were n't always so snarky and rude . 
  if it is like les \u00celes-anglo-normands then the brexit would n't affect it ; so it 's obviously different than what the bailiwicks are . 
  the real difference i would assume is it is simply a crown land . 
  if i may ask , as i am of course not well informed on it , what is gibralter 's official status ? 
  you 're completely correct . 
  it 's simply irrational for it to stay british with the new eu system in place . 
  with that said , though i ca n't attest to know much about how these tend to work , what if it became a bailiwick ( or something of the kind ) and self-governing like in jersey and guernesey . 
  honestly , i would prefer it be returned to its * `` rightful nation '' * =  ( ** edit ** * after further review , this statement is shaky * ) ; however that seems like a decent option for it to still stay a crown property . 
  i 'll take your word for it , but i ca n't say i have complete faith in their ability to stay in message . 
  sure . 
  there 's a possibility there , but i do always tend to believe that we 're more prone to the status-quo then changing it up . 
  who knows though . 
  we 'll see soon enough , and i 'm very excited . 
  i see what you mean , but given how different the message we saw there , and from two months ago , you can tell there 's some conflict . 
  just a joke, 
  sure . 
  but do it after it 's become stable , and it is at least decided what will become of the island . 
  oh , i understand that he 's speaking now as he was just reappointed the head of ukip .
