  but just to counter that : if i saw one of the numerous asians born in england and had a chat with him , i 'd call him an englishman . 
  in fact , i 'd call it pretty odd to have to look at someones genes to call them english . 
  there is no such thing as quintessential english blood , because it comes from all over the place . 
  the origins which make up the broader english genome today are mostly * not * from britain -- so it makes it hard for me to take any of the genetics argument seriously as it 's full of drawing meaningless lines as to where the english were genetically english . 
  as far as traits , there was a really good [ photo ] ( http://imgur.com/4egsm00 ) that can explain it fairly well . 
  broadly speaking , we 're taking `` blood '' . 
  but seeing as there 's literally no through line with britain , nor anywhere for that matter , blood means nothing . 
  when talking `` english '' which do you mean ? 
  the anglo-saxon ? 
  the danish ? 
  the normand ? 
  the celtic ? 
  even there , those people have lineages from different places as well . 
  as you can see , blood is redundant at best . 
  * english * is defined as pertaining to england and the english nation . 
  the majority is of course born there ; however their `` englishness '' is n't defined by how far their lineage goes . 
  it can have sway , as i 'd imagine a rural family which has lived there for quite some time will wind up being a relic of their surroundings ; however this is n't a black and white situation . 
  that long line of ancestry can mean next to nothing once a generation moves away . 
  even if an american has a long line of british ancestors who have lived there for ages , it probably has n't affected them a great bit , and they certainly are n't british anymore . 
  it 's based on your surroundings , not your heritage . 
  being english is a set of ideals and traits , which anyone can integrate into if they put their head to it . 
  not quite ; as ancestry and heritage have menial importance when it comes to nationhood . 
  having scottish ancestry does n't make you more scottish than the polish person living there right now depending on how integrated that person is . 
  with the first example , he seems integrated and well proud to be where he is . 
  his entire point has been how people are picking on his accent ( very hard to get rid of ) and origins , not how integrated he is . 
  also , citizenry is great , and i support it ; however i ca n't say it pertains a ton to this argument as europe has its own laws in place ( albeit not for much longer ) with britain . 
  it 's a nation . 
  borders , represent the bounds of a nation ; a people and a cultural identity . 
  what a shame . 
  the worst part is , is it 's about heritage and ancestry more so over any real love of country . 
  obviously these people love england ( and or britain , but i do n't know how widespread this is in places like scotland and wales ) so it 's sad to see them pushed out by such a blindly hostile populace . 
  truth, 
  i think your argument is completely based on how efficient something is , and with that it makes sense ; however my argument has never been but 1/2 about efficiency and pragmatic arguments . 
  language carries culture , and with it once a long term shift has happened , the cultures inevitably blend . 
  this has happened with louisianne in the us and essentially just about everywhere in france . 
  the last thing i want , and i think we should all want , is to see our lovely unique world meld into a slightly murkier melting pot . 
  quite honestly , and no offence is meant by this , i see your argument is almost robotic to the point of being detached . 
  you 've managed to ignore all of what language is outside of seeing it as a clever human contraption to propel ideas ; which i view as reductionist . 
  * while i am very appreciative to see so much effort put into this post , filled with many great resources , i can not say any of it had any effect on my position . 
  i do n't want a more unified eu , nor world for that matter ; and certainly not one central language , even if it was french . 
  well memed, 
  the problem is language is the conduit for culture and assuming it should be yours is the definition of delusion . 
  i 'll respond to your comment soon , lots to get through, 
  my ideas on what a state is are n't the official positions of the current regime . 
  not submitting to a foreign language for all your business is n't egotism , ignoring why there 'd be resistance is . 
  it 's easy to call the other side egotistical when you 're the one who already speaks it . 
  i suppose we can both agree the more business coming to france the better . 
  i just pray france wo n't whore herself out to gain it . 
  international trade is secondary to domestic trade . 
  businesses should cater to their own populace rather than selling themselves for international recognition . 
  but that 's capitalism for you . 
  all i 'm seeing is `` it 's harder for me and thus it 's wrong and backwards '', 
  bully for you then , you just so happen to be apart of the linguistic group of the future world then ? 
  calling it `` modernising '' assumes it is progression when the only reason you believe that is due to the fact that it makes your life easier . 
  having to use a foreign language for everyone else inhibits a level of nuance and makes explains advanced thoughts hard . 
  it gives an unfair advatange to native english speakers . 
  how is adopting your language modernising exactly ? 
  that takes some bit of pomp , quite honestly . 
  english linguistic imperialism needs to be stopped immediately . 
  this is a travesty . 
  how absolutely depressing . 
  scandals will hurt him , but unless he 's endited he probably wo n't drop out . 
  he 's not dead yet , but we 'll see . 
  also , considering le ps is now split between the independent macron and their own hamon , and m\u00e9lenchon is his own thing , parties will matter a lot less this go around . 
  but it 's really too early to know anything given the craze of the election so far . 
   found 29 % of canadians 18 and older were obese and 41 % more were overweight ( as determined by body mass index ) . 
  in children and adolescents , 8 % were obese and 18 % overweight . 
   a 2010 report estimated that direct costs of overweight and obesity represented $ 6 billion -- 4.1 % of canada 's total health care budget . 
  it 's a public health concern . 
  also , smoking affects all those around you , not only yourself -- as can obesity . 
  it 's not about opinions , it 's about facts . 
  the fact is that it can cost a lot . 
  no one is limiting your choices , you can still have as much as you want . 
  it just is n't on the government 's dime . 
  are you going to give up affordable healthcare for actual issues to gorge yourself on one of the worst things you could possibly drink ? 
   the anglosaxons get it . 
  the problem is that in france , your rampant obesity is n't on your own dollar , it 's on theirs . 
  he 's bringing in large crowds of , as it said , the bourgeois and young crowd -- so the hype train for him is steady sadly . 
  it also seems the crowd here is fairly n\u00e9o-lib\u00e9ral considering my post against that was down voted to hell . 
  it makes sense though considering who macron appeals to and who frequents this site . 
  i 'm glad people are beginning to see through him for what he truly is : a sham . 
  seeing the shift in public approval of the political system and using that to your advantage does n't make you an outsider , it just makes you crafty -- especially when you 've been in the upper echelons of banking and politics for your entire life . 
  i 'd off myself if fillon did ; macron i 'd just grit my teeth . 
  in an ideal world , and i could have bastien faudot not be a petit candiat , and combine his policy with m\u00e9lenchon 's policy and personality i 'd be overjoyed ( i.e. 
  chev\u00e8nement ) but right now it looks like m\u00e9lenchon is my best bet -- but he does n't share all my ideals . 
  i think the ideas of pure real populism is great and i agree ; however it 's been taken over by corrupt people on the right ; who have turned it into a power grab . 
  he 's not far enough on the left for me, 
  i do n't care for free market liberalism and 3rd-way n\u00e9o-lib\u00e9ral ideas . 
  though i 'm hesitant to make the error that has occurred within all of 2016 by correlating temporary popularity with final success -- it would be cool to see the `` domino effect '' blow up in alt-right faces . 
  that said ; he 's a disgusting candidate and i 'd all but off myself if he 's elected . 
  it 's always funny to see people judge countries based on the mentality of some prepubescent boy . 
  epic war !, 
  epic enslavement of nations !, 
  very big large borders !!, 
  the fact that there was n't a plan to begin with is embarrassing . 
  cute ducking pictures are all the rage , dude . 
  that 's 7 years , friend . 
  nearly a decade . 
  why is the russian embassy dead set on being so cringy ? 
  come on , bring back the cute duckling pictures .
