  but i meant more so in the medium after the brexit , whilst theresa may was in charge . 
  you 're probably right . 
  but it 's all up to these coming elections to see what path the europe , even the west , will take at large . 
  i would most certainly not say his job is done ; it was his dream , he should see it through . 
  i 'd rather him still be apart of the party , and do more speaking engagements ( which he may have done as someone had mentioned ), 
  i 'm afraid i 've not seen/heard of any of them ( not saying you 're wrong ) if so , i stand corrected . 
  could you link me some ? 
  my point did n't mention who it hurt most ; it 's simply a roadblock in getting a smooth transition to mutually beneficial negotiations . 
  i 'm not talking about implementation . 
  it seems that 's always the first assumption . 
  people who are outside of government can be legitimate shakers just by public opinion . 
  i do n't fault him from not being in government , but more so for just not saying a word afterwords on what to do . 
  that 's what i dislike . 
  i think it 's wholly dishonourable for your role to be only to bring chaos and disruption ( whether it 's justified or not ) and just leave it at that , and leave others to pick up the `` mess '' ( not used negatively per se ) you started . 
  he got what he wanted then disappeared . 
  i am sorry but there is no way to make that seem anything but dishonourable to me -- no matter how unpopular he is ( despite winning ), 
  that 's what had always been said from the leave side ; however looking at it now , it 's incredibly polarised and even the british administration does n't seem to know where it 's going . 
  with so many large country 's politics becoming polarised and fairly more radical , i would n't say a `` truce '' will be easily made . 
  if you think that europe is united in how to go about this , you 're wrong . 
  it 's a mess . 
  france ca n't agree , germany ca n't , italy ca n't . 
  this is n't about burning bridges per se , and i never said it had to be so negative and revenge tinged , you just assumed that . 
  nor did i ever comment on whether i even liked the e.u. 
  or not . 
  by being a public voice , and actually attempt to be a force within the political system . 
  it just seems he retired and grew a moustache . 
  he 's back now though !, 
  clean shaven too !, 
  perhaps . 
  but i do n't see europe and the united kingdom making a truce anytime soon . 
  they 'll be long and bumpy negotiations . 
  not even the leadership in the isles it seems . 
  i love how as soon as farage got what he wanted , he simply pulled out from following through with it . 
  the pound will be at the mercy of fragile public opinion for a good half decade at least ; until the brexit is finalised and stable . 
  even then , we 're assuming it 'll be for the better . 
  thank god, 
  yeah , i 'm our of luck because the entire side i had common ideas with became irrational and racially tinged ; it had n't been before -- just assimilation . 
  also  not quite ; as ancestry and heritage have menial importance when it comes to nationhood . 
  having scottish ancestry does n't make you more scottish than the polish person living there right now depending on how integrated that person is . 
  with the first example , he seems integrated and proud to be where he is . 
  his entire point has been how people are picking on his accent ( very hard to get rid of ) and origins , not how integrated he is . 
  , that 's my comment . 
  i also nixed the first bit , as i know next to nothing on genetics ; however talking to you enough i 've noted to not take your word for it . 
  again , just look up in chat . 
  it 's easy . 
  i know trumpeters are ignorant ; but to the point of being mentally handicapped ? 
  if anything , i 'm for controlled immigration ; something akin to a swiss system . 
  my point was they were assimilated and patriotic and so their origins are n't important ; as they 've adopted the lands culture . 
  i 'm also a native english speaker ( inb4 insults ) assumptions make an ass out of you and me . 
  sad !, 
  ( i know it 's hard , but try and read this comment before posting , so you do n't shoot yourself in the foot again , thanks ), 
  do n't let them take you johnny . 
  that 's odd , i do n't have a subscription and i did n't get paywalled . 
  i suppose that would be equated with going off the deep end then . 
  all of the news today has basically been about britain going off the deep end . 
  no one ever said it was going to be easy . 
  but it is a just cause , and something that should be pulled for . 
  denying change out of fear for reaction is how stagnation occurs . 
  it is a dangerous belief . 
  also , \u00c9ire is the traditional , irish , word for the country -- so i 'll go by that . 
  not the language of the colonisers . 
  oh , so we 're not together on this after all . 
  that 's a shame . 
  sometimes the most pragmatic response isn ' the best ; nor can you say that te united kingdom has honestly done right by northern ireland . 
  i believe a united \u00c9ire will be more prosperous than the one we have now . 
  fair enough , but i 'm glad we 're on the same side here . 
  yeah . 
  the colonies are only holding us back . 
  we might yet see the emerald isle one after all ... 
  sure, 
  edgy, 
  what ? 
  when did i say the english do n't exist ? 
  what 's with the random inclusion of the chinese ? 
  it 's literally all assumptions and straw men . 
  i know it 's hard to understand comments and still be edgy at the same time -- but i 'll try and help a brother out . 
   it 's a nation . 
  borders , represent the bounds of a nation ; a people and a cultural identity . 
  - me ( referring to england as a nation-state ) your comment is utterly worthless . 
  the straw man arguments are too much . 
  everything you assumed of my position is incorrect . 
  my argument is that integration is open to all , and that genetics do not define a people . 
  with that said , integration should be desired to adapt to the place in which you are living . 
  there is a difference between adopting a heritage , and having it . 
  heritage is important , but it can be adopted . 
  i think sarkozy ( i despise the man , but he made a decent point ) puts it best here ( do n't hang me for quoting such an abhorrent person ) : * `` when you become french , your ancestors are the gauls . 
  ` i love france , i learn french history , and i live as a frenchman ' , that is what someone who becomes french must tell himself , '' *, 
  in terms of genetics , i 'm going to stop arguing over it . 
  while i still maintain it holds little to no sway over how british someone is , it is truthfully all opinions and syntax , and i simply do n't know enough about the scientific basis to make a real argument . 
  here 's that [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-35344663 ) though , among others . 
  just search english genetics and you 'll find a few with new discoveries . 
  also , when it comes to time the english ( and more broadly northern european ) concept of time , it is vastly different from the south . 
  look at eating patterns , and things like siestas which you 'd be pain staked to find common place in england . 
  there was actually a really interesting seminar i got to go to , in which the host ( an englishman of course ) talked about how anglophone concepts of silence can differ immensely from others . 
  it was very interesting . 
  but as for the rest , frankly , i could do without the snark . 
  it makes you unbearable , and not a pleasure to communicate with ; however i 'll continue even so . 
  never did i say i could identify an englishman off hand ( what a straw man argument , like literally , where did it come from ? 
  i 'm lost . ), 
  or that i was an expert in the field , i offered you what i thought , and tried to explain my reasoning .
