  no one is stopping you . 
  but having such a large dubbing sector gives voice actors who might not be employed without it , a job . 
  it also allows for so much more to be translated into the language , such as what you said : accent , tone , et cetera , which might not translate well without being fluent in that language . 
  it actually makes me happy that `` some no name '' gets to build up their career instead of feeding into the already extravagantly wealthy and well known . 
  they also are n't `` impersonating '' because they 're not trying to be marlon brando , but the character . 
  it 's called acting . 
  also , if you want to learn a foreign language by doing it , by all means do it . 
  i want the default to be dubbed , that does n't mean alternatives simply do n't exist . 
  i am sure you 're not a bad person , but that reasoning is one of the worst things i 've ever heard . 
  no , i 'm sorry . 
  i 'd rather not have english dominate the market , essentially turning the entire cinematic market in these countries to mush and enforcing a `` consumer only ! '', 
  policy . 
  individual languages are important , and should be given the upmost respect . 
  it 's bad enough that there is such a large percentage of anglo films already dominating the european market , the last thing we need to do is bow down even more . 
  also , what are kids to do ? 
  if they ca n't read are they simply not allowed to watch any films , or at least popular ones ? 
  films and television are such an integral part of how modern kids gain their sense of language , that denying that to them is wrong , and ignorant . 
  learning english is for schools , not for the cultural market . 
  i am so very glad that dubbing is that popular . 
  it takes something that 'd be only for consumption , into an employer and job creator . 
  not to mention how better it is to have vocal intonations and innuendos that dubbing will allow for . 
  i would n't quite say that . 
  for me , its a lot more rural than flanders , and a lot more costal than wallonie -- but i 'm curious , what was your reasoning ? 
  inspired by : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56sgq2/regions_of_france_provencealpesc%c3%b4te_dazur/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59un39/regions_of_france_occitanie/, 
  inspired by : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56sgq2/regions_of_france_provencealpesc%c3%b4te_dazur/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59un39/regions_of_france_occitanie/, 
  nationalism is certainly influencing me , as is i 'm sure countless other isms : romanticism , protectionism , and yes even pragmatism . 
  im not too sure how great of a price people 's livelihoods are for a few euro difference . 
  it also is partially about america , as one of the main reasons against it is calling it a trojan horse . 
  i 'm glad you are realistic about our positions though . 
  i 'm not assuming you 're a complete anarchist and loves free trade , so i 'd like you to do the same to me and stop with the rampant assumptions . 
  no , i support imports and exports , it is only in my belief the main cause of worry for the state is its producers , not the economy . 
  it 's not completely closed , as i never said that , but it 's rational protectionism . 
  also , often a times especially from america , the standards are so low that the price is often unbeatable . 
  first off : it was a meme , so calm down . 
  the main problem with your example , is it was n't very realistic and so i had to respond to it that way . 
  there 's never going to be two wines , and a stimulation is never going to be that binary . 
  your binary analysis put me in trap of sounding like i hate imports . 
   i am curious how you would make a situation like a bad french wine vs a good californian wine work in today 's day and age . 
  you would pretty much have to refuse the importation of anything . 
  this sums it up great . 
  i wo n't call it deceptive , because i do n't see any malintent , but it was a bad example and far too simplified to be a gauge for any point . 
  it 's situational , as it depends which occasion . 
  for myself ? 
  most certainly the worse french wine ; but for a party of people i have to impress ? 
  probably the californian ( a good californian is an oxymoron ) i see where you 're going , but my point is making it so situations like that simply do n't happen . 
  that 's a fine point . 
  i adore aoc and would like it applied as fully as possible , and if there were talks with that in mind over trade , i 'd certainly be more inclined ( perhaps not still willing though ) to look into it . 
  i also still hold that i 'd prefer a `` bad '' or cheap wine from la loire vally ( if there could even be one ) , rather than from california . 
  i take pride in knowing i 'm supporting my fellow countrymen , and i believe it counts not only holistically , but pragmatically . 
  rationally , i believe a nation should be favoured towards producers , more so than consumers as much as possible . 
  not to the point of screwing them over , but honestly such a slight change in price for the better i do n't believe is helping anyone . 
  and again , personally , i see the constant barrage of consumerism and the obsession with `` cheaper is better , no matter the costs '' to be fairly negative . 
  you say its a common argument , but fail to deny its merits in doing so , and just continue to make the same point that i 've said is simply deceptive . 
  if the uk gets a good deal , then you can bet that the growth that may be happening will sustain ; however if not , all of this talk is nothing more than rhetoric for you to feel happy with your decision . 
  i understand it 's all just personal opinions , and i 'm very glad how mature you 're being about it . 
  i would n't say my side is simply idealogical , perhaps more so , but i would n't give your side all the credit for having a pragmatic view of things . 
  also , i 'm basing all my things off of france quite honestly . 
  in france , farmers have been quite angry due to all the recent changes ( see jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 ) and i would assume this would make them more so . 
  as for what agriculture brings to culture , i 'd say a lot . 
  this is again from a french point of view , which is a country with great respect for her producers . 
  in france , it is very different to have camembert from normandie , rather than camembert from the us ( they can do that believe it or not ! ), 
  and the same goes for any sort of produce.france is known for her renowned produced ( i could go through the list of cheeses , wines , porks , duck , but that 'd bore you ) perhaps its more so a difference in vision of the importance of agriculture , but i believe there is something special about local produce versus outsourced . 
  sadly the consumer is often going to continue to push to put other people out of work . 
  there 's a conflict of interest between the naturally selfish tendencies of the consumer , and the socialist policies of the state . 
  i 'd rather keep people in work , and their tradition alive , than have beef a slightly cheaper . 
  it 's not happened yet . 
  there has been no brexit , it is still in the eu . 
  i 'll care once the deal has been made , and they are out . 
  american product ( talking about the continent ) is generally cheaper than local , and that can even be said compared to simply european . 
  farmers in europe in general , especially in france , have been handed a load of shit recently ( see recent strikes ) and the last thing they need is to have another load of foreign product striking their market share . 
  it simply is n't worth the slight deduction in price , and perhaps a little more variety . 
  ( bison steak is fairly rare , the chances you 'd ever see it in anything but a speciality market are slim . 
  i am also sure you can still get it now . ), 
  if a consumer is faced with a few euro differences , they 'll take the lower usually . 
  it is the job of the state to protect their farmers from that . 
  what tires me , is all of this news over `` oh wow britain is doing very well !!! '', 
  before anything has even happened . 
  they 're not going to leave , or even react , until they know what the outcome is . 
  grasping for straws . 
  sure . 
  but the differences is , while a price increase is n't lovely , it certainly is n't much more than menial , whereas these jobs are often these farmer 's livelihoods , and have been for generations . 
  i enjoy looking at the world in a romantic view , more so than always so pragmatic . 
  i fully support the culture that 's evolved around local foods , and local producers -- and so i will do anything to protect them . 
  i find it rather grey and sullen to force farmers out of work , which again have a long history and passion for doing so , and to train them for a job probably a lot less meaningful . 
  it 's simply disrespectful . 
  but the conclusions you draw from that are as dramatic as they are irrelevant to what i said . 
  obviously you and i have different points of view . 
  i do n't intend on changing yours , and you certainly will not change mine . 
  i do n't particularly enjoy talking with you , so this offers nothing . 
  i do n't wish to continue . 
  i never said that , and all you 're doing is making pointless assumptions . 
  if you 're going to argue with me , argue with what i said . 
  but at this point , i have no desire to continue to entertain your ramblings . 
  do so to someone else . 
  i would n't say that the wallon people did n't support the decision made . 
  i have n't seen any evidence that suggest they were n't in agreement with their government , so please supply it if you have some . 
  also , the wallon government supported their own workers and producers over foreign ones , which is how it should be . 
  caring only for a fictional idea which is incredibly hard to predict , over your own countrymen , is simply grotesque . 
  that bear is very , very gay . 
  he 's showing the europeans his sweet biceps .
