  instead of it being a he-she said type of thing . 
  of course there are exceptional cases where malicious people try to create propaganda . 
  however , there is a reason why court systems place their trust in surveilance cameras that provide video evidence . 
  english is not my first language , so let me rephrase that . 
  a unedited , raw video that has not been tampered with do not lie . 
  of course there are exceptional cases where malicious people try to create propaganda . 
  however , there is a reason why court systems place their trust in surveilance cameras that provide video evidence . 
  it is much more reliable than a he-she said case scenario . 
  winter is coming , and the economic migrants will start snackbaring and rioting once they figure out how cold it gets in europe . 
  politicians using immigrants to destroy the welfare states ? 
  who would have thought ? 
  lol . 
  one is truly ignorant if they believe that the mainstream media 's main function is not to influence a reader 's opinion about something . 
  however , a video does not lie . 
  a video does not lie , and it allows the viewer to make up their own mind about what they are seeing . 
  unlike text articles , which are so often subjected to manipulation for the authors to try and influence the readers opinion . 
  it is hard to find good journalistic news these days . 
  hello mod , i will answer a few of your questions since i posted this . 
  a ) `` you should n't downvote dclauze because you disagree with him '' i think that dclauze is getting downvoted because he has a pretty bad reputation . 
  i saw a previous post where hundreds of people expressed their dissatisfaction about him regarding censoring . 
  i believe that the post was called `` why is dclauze still a mod '' . 
  dclauze 's explanation to why liveleak is deemed as a bad source is ridiculous when many videos on there get hundreds of thousands of views . 
  many of the popular videos that get leaked to liveleak have descriptions of them , when they were posted , and where . 
  the comments there work in a similar manner as reddit , where good/informative posts get up voted and bad votes get downvoted . 
  if anything , let the videos themselves do the talking , as a video has been proven time and time again to be more reliable than a text document . 
  you talk about misinformation being a major cause of your decision to censor such things , but should n't you have more belief in humans to be able to make up their own minds ? 
  isent that what having freedom is all about ? 
  besides , there are countless examples of major news outlets spreading misinformation . 
  there is a reason why the trust with the major news outlets are at a all time low . 
  one of those reasons are because many authors try to influence opinions , rather than report the news these days . 
  bbc , cnn , rt , foxnews ect are perfect examples of this , so why are n't you censoring them as well if you want to prevent misinformation ? 
  to use the boston bomber event as a primary example of why censoring should be enforced is completely wrong as it can be seen as an act of extremism . 
  as benjamin franklin said `` they who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . '', 
  what r/europe ( and all of reddit ) needs is a way for the community to have a method of moderating the moderators . 
  this would have to involve a method that the users are able to show their displeasure towards a moderator that they think are doing a poor job in a orderly manner . 
  a regular transparent voting system that decided who is allowed to be a moderator would also be work . 
  or , you could actually trust the users to be able to decide for themselves what is worthy of being up voted on reddit without any ( or minimal ) moderation . 
  ps - i was actually asking the community a question regarding something that i thought was wrong . 
  the crowd in r/europe is already pretty riled up from various similar things . 
  i 'm not sure how i answered my question besides providing some background information . 
  i also did not wait for you guys to respond because i did n't think that you would , as i have sent you guys messages in the past regarding this without any response . 
  i agree that some things on liveleak can be a bit extreme , and that the community there is pretty toxic ( it is however a very active community that reports extreme things very quickly ) . 
  however , there are always warnings prior to watching a graphic video there , and there are no explicit/excessive ads . 
  and so it begins . . 
  the whole refugee situation would be resolved if we just sent them all the greenland . 
  it worked for australia . 
  i ca n't blame him for being confused when the `` plan '' seems to change for the worse every week . 
  200,000 today , 2 million next year . 
  winter ca n't come soon enough . . tho then it will only be a matter of time again until it starts all over again by next spring . 
  on a side note , the mods are working very hard i see to censor everything that dosent go along with their agenda . 
  people were getting banned left and right last night when they posted a story about a 7 year old german girl that got raped in a park by a immigrant this week . 
  source : http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2015/09/horror-muslim-migrant-in-europe-brutally-rapes-7-year-old-white-girl-video/ ps - pls do n't ban or censor me mods . 
  really ? 
  why would posting a story like this be a ban-able offense ? 
  the way i see it , this is a current issue about a madman on the loose , so why censor it ? 
  just because you have n't heard/seem them express their displeasure about this publicly yet , dosent mean that the resentment is n't there . 
  the globazis are the only ones who are criticizing people whom care about the future of their sovereign nations . 
  how often does sweden grant citizenship/voting rights to asylum seekers/economic migrants ? 
  only a delusional fool would believe that . 
  i believe that to quote john lennon is perhaps the best way to answer this comment . 
  `` keep you doped with religion , and sex , and t.v. 
  and you think you 're so clever and classless and free , but you 're still fucking peasants as far as i can see '', 
  your thinking is completely wrong . 
  france , uk , us , germany ect all follow the same plan . 
  the `` drama '' and politics are just there for show to keep the sheeps of society hypnotized . 
  he never said that the average european is an elite . . 
  the fact that you are even on reddit suggests that you are far from being a member of the elite class . 
  lol !, 
  i was about to ask you how facts are considered to be a conspiracy until i saw that you were australian . 
  sure australia has plenty of intelligent people , but it also has some of the dumbest people on earth . 
  source - lived there for awhile . 
  call me crazy , but does it really not ring any bells when the un migration chief ( who is also part of the notorious bilderberg group ) says a few years ago that this should be a priority for the eu ? 
  as if nobody could predict something like this happening ? 
  and last time i checked , the thousands upon thousands of african economic migrants in italy and calais were not refugees . 
  the reason why the eu is being flooded with illegal immigrants is because the un is doing decided a few years ago that the eu should `` undermine national homogeneity '' - un migration chief . 
  source : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395, 
  i sent bbc a complain regarding this , where i informed them that i would never use their services again as a news outlet . 
  you can easily complain to them with this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/complaints/complain-online/, 
  lol . 
  good job selecting one small part of the long comment that i wrote to try and refute everything that i just wrote . 
  i 've spoken to dozens to ukrainians that all state that ukraine 's conflict is not a civil war , but a armed conflict brought on by the russians . 
  so to say that they are not resisting is wrong ( according to ukrainians at least ) . 
  also , i never wrote that it was a success , so idk what you are on about . 
  have you seen the size of russia ? 
  they do n't need to send large scale expeditionary forces abroad ( overseas ) . 
  they also do n't need to send large size forces to war in places beyond the former soviet union as those places are primary targets if they should ever decide to invade somewhere ( putin even mentions this himself when he speaks about his displeasures of witnessing the breakup of the soviet union , where he saw it as one of the greatest political catastrophes of the modern era ) . 
  of course things have changed !, 
  the state of the world 's major militaries have changed significantly since 1989 ( just look at china ) . 
  first thing i was told in the military was that the world has changed from having big armies to smaller armies with a bigger focus on elite/special forces with support troops . 
  if you need evidence for this then just look at how easily russia annexed crimea . 
  let me ask you this , are you a logistical expert ? 
  because i can guarantee you that russia has thousands of logistical experts ready to do the federation 's bidding . 
  russia is more than capable of providing logistical support and movement through the air . 
  russia also have good relations with iran and neighboring countries that i am sure would gladly support them in this effort as this would be a major geopolitical event . 
  not to mention the fact that the government in syria would also support logistical measures for the russians . 
  comparing the events in russia 's war with afghanistan in the past is foolish as times have changed . 
  have you ever seen the movie `` lord of war '' ? 
  where the gunrunners are supplying attack helicopters and troop carriers ? 
  you do realize that most people learn from their mistakes when they make them right ? 
  since logistics have been an issue in the past , then logistics will be a priority now .
