yes , but do you ever google things that you do n't really care about ? 
  hence people 's misconception . 
  i would have approved most of the macedonians , as their women are absolutely beautiful . 
  lol . . 
  i 've never seen so many spaniards commenting in r/europe before . 
  oo what 's this ? 
  a foreigner telling the citizens of a different country what to do and how to behave ? 
  say , who are you to make such requests ? 
  do you not remember how it went for you poles when a certain country in the 40s were calling for the arrest of your citizens ? 
  most people probably came to the conclusion of how after watching the movie braveheart . . 
  i frequently travel between norway and sweden . 
  the border there is relatively open . 
  there are random checks if you try to pass through with car . 
  however , if you try to take then train then there is pretty much a high chance of there coming officials onto the train . 
  the officials bring their drug sniffing dogs and question people that do not speak a nordic language ect . 
  as mark twain and benjamin disraeli said `` there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies and statistics . '', 
  ( my statistics teacher actually used this line in the first day of class back in the day ) . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lies,_damned_lies,_and_statistics statistics are meant to be anonymous , not done over the phone . 
  this is because you are n't taking into consideration of what type of people the people whom are at home answering those phone calls are . 
  a sample size should be big enough to be able to actually reflect the size of the population that you are trying to represent . 
  this article is just bullshit . 
  they basically did 1229 interviews over the phone to get these statistics . 
  all that tells me is that they interviewed a couple hundred idiots ( when there are millions of people in sweden ) to give validity to their agenda . 
  nope . 
  i live in norway ( eea country ) , and i 've never had a problem getting something shipped to me from a eu country ( or the usa ) . 
  what does suck is the 25 % toll that you have to pay in norway when you buy something online from a foreign country when the amount exceeds 350 kr . 
  let the globazi propaganda commence !, 
  maybe they can educate them on what happens when you betray your own country by letting yourself become a pawn of religious fanatics . 
  and this : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 the un migration chief who is a member of the bilderberg group and goldman sachs said back in 2012 that the eu should `` undermine national homogeneity '' . 
  because mass migration result in hurting the weakest members of our society . 
  do n't even start, 
  how is / u/ragnar _ ok even considered to be allowed mod on this sub reddit ? 
  that guy is a straight up self declared far left extremist who will do his very best to enforce his beliefs of censorship on anyone that isent as insane as him . 
  you have heard the saying , `` arguing on the internet is like running in the special olympics : even if you win , you 're still retarded . '', 
  right ? 
  hence why your burden of proof philosophy goes out the window . 
  the rules of the internet are final , so unless you provide proof that internet user must follow that philosophy , then your statement is invalid . 
  i guess that you missed the `` rules of the internet '' part , but oh well . 
  it 's not like you actually took a second and think about what i 've been writing to you . 
  `` as far as i 'm concerned romanians and gypsies are the same thing . '', 
  that statement right there proves that you are a ignorant dumbass . 
  there are loads of beautiful , intelligent , and horny romanian females at my uni , and they look as white as the rest of europe . 
  the gypsies are the ones that you see `` begging '' on the street . 
  nope . 
  would you mind providing a source/link to the rules of the internet that say that i need to provide a link/source whenever i make a comment . 
  not if you really do n't care about proving yourself right . 
  believe me or not , i do n't care . 
  if you seriously doubt something , then do as i do and look it up , as self educating humans are supposed to do . 
  there is a big difference between unleashing the war machine and dropping a few bombs ( like in libya ) . 
  the us military actually annihilated the iraq army back when they first invaded . 
  the biggest problem were of course the insurgents that hid among civilians , so the only way that this would work if we all agree on doing some evil for the greater good . 
  i actually agree with erynam , fuck wasting time finding a source every time you post a comment about something that you read in the past , as if you need to prove yourself to some random internet person . 
  there are far to many `` source '' people on reddit that are simply too lazy to do a google search . 
  i can speak with people from sweden with no problem , but i struggle to understand what danish people say as they sound like they got a cock in their mouth when they speak ( no offense intended ) . 
  you do realize that south park was very popular among the 90s generation right ? 
  most of those people are now in their 20s , so that statement right there is completely wrong . 
  besides , have you been to r/videos lately ? 
  cause its on the front page there . 
  ps - dont let the 16 downvoting fools trick you into thinking that you are right . 
  well . . at least they are n't in france where they 'd be fed french cuisine . 
  imagine having to eat snails every day . 
  `` pc hysteria '' , lol !, 
  although i agree with you , i ca n't help to think that you just watched the latest south park episode . 
  gota love it how south park shapes people 's opinions and give them new words to use . 
  yup . 
  most economic migrants head towards norway when they figure out that sweden was n't the `` freedom land '' that they were told of . 
  there are also plenty of them that take the route through russia , and then buy a bicycle to ride it across our northern border . 
  most norwegians are friendly towards foreigners ( and support legal immigration ) , so the people that you met were probably just dicks . 
  none of which actual libertarians would recommend . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/39p2zh/what_are_some_books_that_are_recommended_for/ i just want to know why you would think that a libertarian would be regarded as something negative . 
  my understanding of what being a libertarian is , is that you believe that the rights of the citizens of a country should be protected . 
  the government should exist to act in the defense of the citizens ( prosecute murderers , rapists , and criminals ect ) . 
  the government should also exist for the purpose of national defense ( military ) , but avoid getting caught up in interfering too much in the daily lives of its citizens . 
  every country is unique , so any country that have libertarians would have to adjust accordingly . 
  libertarianism is to me , the best way to combat the rise of the far left/right extremism , if people were only educated to the fact that there are alternative methods of government ( since there are so many people that are fed up with their current governments ) . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  becuase i dont think that you fully do . 
  tell me , do you know what a libertarian believes in ? 
  hey !, 
  not all libertarians are nutjobs !, 
  do n't forget about norway -_-, 
  `` being killed or severely persecuted for your political beliefs or ethnicity '' , so i think that we all agree that in the case of syria , most people are seeking asylum based on the persecution of their political views . 
  i dont understand how the western governments that accept them based on the fact that many of them are being persecuted because they believe in sharia law . 
  so do tell , why is it that subreddits such as r/videos do not allow videos of police brutality , or police harassment ? 
  do you honestly think that the government has had no say in what type of rules the mods have to enforce on one of the world largest social media site ? 
  subreddits such as ; r/europe , r/worldnews , and r/videos all need to be cleansed of their mods and start from scratch . 
  it is bullcrap how some biased internet trolls are allowed to control freedom of speech , just because they thought of the name to a subreddit first . 
  a business should always refrain from getting involved in politics . 
  no matter , as i am sure that their competitors will be more than happy to provide hungary with what they are asking for in exchange for money . 
  if there are n't any competitors close by , then i am sure that china will be more than happy to provide . 
  i do n't understand . . spain 's native young population have a massive unemployment rate , but they want to give a foreigner that dosent speak the local language a job instead . 
  makes perfect sense right ? 
  did i not just describe in my previous comment which videos are deemed trustable ? 
  there are also various ways to check if a video is authentic . 
  i would rather leave it up to viewers to determine whether something is authentic than trust the words of a author . 
  i really cant be bothered to rewrite my responses to the comment that you just made as i have already answered this . 
  try reading a bit further down ( and comment ) if you have something to add to the discussion . 
  i never said that it was a new decision . 
  eu regulations are a joke , especially when many policies are influenced by peter sutherland , the un migration chief , and a member of the bilderberg group and goldman sachs . 
  they can , but videos and photographs are held to be much more reliable than text ( or a person ) as most uncut , raw videos/photographs will allow the viewer to actually witness the scenario .
