some polish neo-nazis are actually pro-russia and helped out the separatists in the donbas . 
  however , in this case it appears to be anti-upa . 
  european style of writing numbers . 
  3/2 would be 1,5 . 
  meanwhile 1.500 would be one thousand five hundred . 
  actually it 's a samsung galaxy ad . 
  well a lot of it has to do with how cheap tickets are , many of the hooligans are criminals that just want to cause a ruckus and do n't even care that much about the game . 
  many of these people come from lower socioeconomic conditions . 
  in the us , nfl tickets are very expensive and so the poorer people do n't have the money to go , eliminating this stuff mostly . 
  baseball is cheaper but does n't have that level of passionate support or excitement . 
  it 's official eu languages , not languages spoken in the eu . 
  it 's more that brands like adidas had prestige of being western so people began to wear them because that was considered cool . 
  yes , most eastern european jews that survived the holocaust left for israel for several reasons ( safety from a future holocaust , better quality of life ) . 
  there are plenty of parts in chicago and other large cities , but it 's not as bad as sweden i do n't think . 
  parts of northern alaska do n't . 
  no , it 's in the southeast near nice . 
  quite possibly it 's the same reason why though . 
  it 's a bad argument though . 
  you had the choice of center-right or far-right ( using your classification ) , and gays chose the center-right . 
  third parties are irrelevant to look at for this , greens and libertarians would get much more votes if they were n't considered to be spoilers . 
  in a european system , a left-wing candidate would win the gay vote over clinton for sure . 
  they changed the flag recently though . 
  well it has happened many times before without issue . 
  better for r/askeurope than here . 
  those are n't legal tender in the uk , so she had the right to refuse it . 
  it 's worth the same as a uk one though and the same shape , so probably often spent . 
  i think it 's just a matter of being used to a certain bill or whatever . 
  i know in the us the 2 dollar bill is never used , but the 2 pound coin is popular in the uk . 
  similar values yet one is rarely used . 
   and why does po not only have less , but basically no support from very young people while this is n't the case forpeople just a little older ? 
  po is not very `` cool '' , kind of like hillary clinton in the us . 
  older voters may have voted for them previously so they will still vote for them , but younger people will prefer other parties . 
  that was the monaco flag, 
  per capita means per person , so the map is showing people per person . 
  just a satirical map . 
  bottled water , i suspect you guys drink more from the tap . 
  french guyana 's highest is 37.8 degrees . 
  the record is from utta in kalmykia . 
  turkmenistan would be the highest in the former ussr at 50.1 c , although kazakhstan has no data . 
  hungary, 
  well the highest point in the netherlands is 322.7 meters so if sea level rose 322.8 meters then all of the netherlands would be under water . 
  also a large portion of land on earth would be under water . 
  yeah for sure . 
  it 's just that mainstream left has adopted a pro-islam stance . 
  the left-wing is against religion , unless it 's islam . 
  because ultimately they did n't have to come up with a new style of attack . 
  there are always cars on bridges , and you can easily steer into people . 
  any security measures will only do so much unless you address the root cause of the problem . 
   is there a reddit symbol for `` facepalm '' ? 
  it was , under mao . 
  it 's not currently communist but state capitalist and they are doing quite well compared to the 70s and earlier . 
   reject paid maternity/paternity leave . 
  it might not be a great plan , but [ it 's not being rejected ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40021493 ), 
  must have been looking at the football supporters . 
  probably because having more attacks at once requires more communication , which is more opportunity for the plot to be discovered . 
  or ukip . 
  neither one will get into power though , maybe ukip can win a seat . 
  i feel like they would come in contact with enough bills that they could get the serial numbers anyway . 
  as much as i do n't like erdogan , i do n't like this move . 
  there are legitimate reasons why expats could be excluded from voting ( no day-to-day consequences of their vote , etc. 
  ) , this should only be a decision of the government conducting the voting . 
  if erdogan wants to allow expats to vote , then they should be allowed to do so . 
  germany and the netherlands are basically interfering in another country 's elections and potentially changing the outcome of the election . 
  flair checks out ( from r/place ) !, 
  no , in upstate new york and the eastern part of long island . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is no winery in the city itself . 
  yes , with about 51 % support . 
  maybe it was like a food cart or stand . 
   except for vineyards . 
  each red dot [ here ] ( http://www.winnica.golesz.pl/jpg/mapa.jpg ) is a vineyard . 
  poland did take in more than a million ukrainians , mostly as economic migrants . 
  only 33 of them received refugee status i believe . 
  it would also be clunky to read since mongolian is written top to bottom , so it 's sideways in your case . 
  no wonder many of them still use cyrillic even after the soviets left . 
  feel free to do it , i would n't mind . 
  the first one puzzles me a little , did they just associate windmills with spain because of don quixote ? 
  otherwise that does n't really look like spain . 
  the first one does n't look like arizona or utah , more like eastern wyoming or eastern montana . 
  that 's just nitpicking though because the important part is it does n't look like standard russia . 
  indeed , there might be a few more cool spots if i think about it . 
  the crooked forest is one although that 's just an oddity in terms of the trees , not that it looks like another country . 
  not from my country , but [ gorge du cians ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@44.0393082,6.9772805,3a,75y,325.22h,89.86t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgfcnbfqzwf9tvberfg1xha!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) in france . 
  [ google image search ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=gorge+du+cians&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjywvb0y8duahweez4khtw6amoq_auiccgd&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950#imgrc=kw-o5wzdjzbzpm ) . 
  the super red rocks makes it look like it 's somewhere in the southwest of the us , not france . 
  there are german signs in parts near opole , kashubian near gdansk , rusyn in a few villages near the slovak border , and belorussian and lithuanian near those borders . 
  probably the empire flag, 
  mom 's side : everyone up to my grandfather was born in a village that used to be in austria-hungary , poland in the inter-war period , and now ukraine . 
  however , apparently my great-great-great grandfather actually fleed from persecution of the tsar somewhere in the russian empire . 
  this is n't confirmed , but i have found records from the village which i will order and hopefully find more info . 
  dad 's side : i know almost nothing , except one branch that was traced to the 1700s by a relative who is really into genealogy ( and in the area so can visit parishes and stuff which i ca n't ) . 
  apparently that branch is originally czech . 
  my dad does n't care too much about family history which is why i know so little on that side . 
  it might not make it in new york , but everywhere else it 's fair game . 
  i believe macedonian is the closest language to old slavonic . 
  what are your interests ? 
  there 's a lot of things you could see , knowing what interests you and what does n't can narrow stuff down . 
  donetsk and lugansk people 's republics , in the east of ukraine . 
  the first paragraph made me think this was a jab at so many refugees coming over that arabic has displaced italian ( not to say this happened , but i bet there are some people who think this ) . 
  if you are thinking about the faroe islands , also think about iceland . 
  they are pretty similar in landscapes , iceland has the advantage of being larger , so more things to see and more beautiful places , but does have much more tourists than the faroes .
