alright then . 
  i think that the referendum held was illegitimate and crimea should be ukrainian until a proper referendum is held . 
  until a proper referendum is held , i do think crimea should be under ukrainian control . 
  your statement is in no way contradictory to mine . 
  what i am trying to say is that there are russians in crimea . 
  if the majority of people in crimea want to be part of russia they should have the ability to cede to russia . 
  i 'm not saying that crimeans overall do want that . 
  if you extrapolate that from what i said you have severely misunderstood or misrepresented what i was trying to convey . 
  good point . 
  before turkey owned it , crimean tatars lived there and before that there were pechenegs . 
  nationalism becomes rather odd when you look at it from that perspective . 
  but again i did n't say russia should just get to keep it . 
  all i said is they have * some * legitimacy in claiming that crimea is theirs . 
  i do n't believe crimea should be ceded to russia unless a proper referendum is held and the people there voted to become russian . 
  the russian held referendum was probably rigged so i have no idea what the popular opinion on the peninsula is . 
  absolutely not . 
  crimea was russian until a soviet leader transferred it to the ukrainian ssr . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i ca n't support either side . 
  becuase ukraine would never hold a referendum ( and if they did it is likely to be rigged ) and russia would never hold a legitimate referendum . 
  not only is the referendum the russians held illegal as you said , it was probably rigged as well . 
  the russian argument goes that the people in crimea are russians . 
  although what russia is doing in don bass is questionable to say the least , i think that the argument that crimea belongs to russia is one that has at least some legitimacy . 
   in the proportion of population china has a population greater than the europe union and the usa combined and fewer medals . 
  which means they have even lower medals in proportion to their population than the eu and usa . 
  now if you compare to the number of athletes that figure might be true . 
  i do n't know . 
  is this the new great purge ? 
  less than 80 years have passed and we 're back in the cycle again !, 
  ### ** revoke trianon !!!, 
  double plus good !, 
  i ca n't wait for all of society 's problems to be solved magically !, 
  hungary is parliamentary democracy where political protest is allowed . 
  i do not see the authoritarianism in that . 
  this map gif is of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) in case anyone was wondering . 
  i do n't know why op felt the need to call it an empire . 
  that is objectively false !, 
  the sapmi have the right to fuck too !, 
  * bounds . 
  it absolutely is . 
  because the level of corruption is directly dependent on how the power is distributed . 
  if the power is distributed among few , it will be a corrupt system , if it is distributed more evenly among many , it will be less corrupt . 
  how many bandy-sm has america won ? 
  electric heating and slightly heavier reliance on electricity as opposed to fossil fuels . 
  not more sex , just less condoms . 
  according to my calculations , about 30 % * less * likely in general , but 125 % * more * likely if you are not in prison . 
  ten million actually . 
  s\u00c5des\u00c5 . 
  this is per capita , not in total . 
  i.e , it accounts for population . 
  the us literally beats sweden in terms of total rapes . 
  yup . 
  but people do n't tend to count prison rapes , so you might fall under the impression that sweden has more rapes . 
  but you 'd be wrong . 
  not that i 'm applauding the fact that crime has risen in sweden as of lately , just pointing out an inconvenient fact . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  first of all , corruption is not only stealing from the state . 
  ** corruption is the abuse of power for personal gain . 
  ** corruption can be institutionalized . 
  corruption can come in many different forms . 
  it can be the people in the government of a country forcing the farmers to sell their crops really cheaply to them under the threat of arms , or it could be a corporation bribing a politician to shut up about the toxic chemicals they dumped in that lake . 
  all of this relates to power , because power is what allows corruption to exist . 
  what you need to know , is that ** there is no such thing as absolute power . 
  ** power is the ability to make people do what you want them to do . 
  you achieve this having control money . 
  you are not going to get road workers to build a road by asking pretty please , you get them to do it by paying for their equipment and their salaries . 
  because you need other people to rule for you . 
  you need bureaucrats to manage the treasure , you need generals to command the army and you need party bosses to ensure that the peasants do what they are suppose to do . 
  these bureaucrats , and what not , also want their ` fair share ' of the treasury . 
  and they are more powerful , so they want more . 
  if you decide you want to be a ` benevolent dictator ' and make it so that nearly all your nations wealth goes to the general populace , you will be overthrown . 
  this is because the people that make sure you have your power ( the generals , top level government bureaucrats and political leaders ) are going to be pissed about you spending all that money on someone other then them . 
  and they can overthrow you and replace you with someone that do pay them better . 
  and they would . 
  this is why democracies are less corrupt . 
  because the people has a lot of political power , the people in government must spend more resources on them if they want to remain in power . 
  the reason why democracies tend to be better places to live , is not because their leaders are angels , but rather because the interests of regular people align more with the interests of those in power . 
  * i suck at explaining things , so i 'd recommend you check out cgp grey 's video about the subject - the rules for rulers ( youtube ) *, 
  wherever there is a system of power , there is corruption . 
  corruption is inherent to power itself . 
  it can not be about removing corruption , but rather minimizing it . 
  it is a direct correlation . 
  but that does n't mean democratic countries can not be corrupt . 
  of course my understanding is this subject is quite limited . 
  corruption is as far as i can understand it , money and resources being flooded to a small group of people and the subversive activities involved in doing so . 
  but how can this happen ? 
  because power is money , and money is power . 
  if you are in a position of power , you can use that as a leverage to get money and resources . 
  and people do exactly that , very reliably too . 
  because of this , in dictatorships , nearly all the money and resources tends to land in the pockets of the few ones who are in control and run the country , while in democracies , more of the money and resources falls into the pockets of the regular people , because the ones in government must give the people at the bottom their fair share or they will be thrown out of office . 
  no country is free from corruption , because corruption is inherent to power . 
   real facts ? 
   hate mongering ? 
  surprisingly enough , both , i think . 
  i 'll give you an example , specifically about the healthcare . 
  ( i 'm sorry if i 'm using the wrong phrase for hospital beds , it is probably the wrong word for v\u00e5rdplatser ) . 
  & nbsp ; sweden is currently experiencing problem with hospitals being understaffed and not having enough hospital beds . 
  http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/personalstress-och-platsbrist-skordar-liv/ rough summary : among 55 legal notices about hospital deaths in sweden , thirteen were from people who have died in 2016 due to issues relating to too high work burden , top little staff and too few hospital beds . 
  one patient died for example because he was given an accidental overdose by stressed personnel . 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/b1aqq/svart-sjuka-svenska-barn-skickas-utomlands-for-vard rough summary : children have been forced to intensive medical care abroad because the units for intensive care for children have too low staff so that 4 out of 11 the beds are closed .
