  the business side is also part of the ec pillar of the eu . 
  the business side has been a part of what now is the eu for much longer than the freedom of movement for example . 
  thus claiming that * `` the business side is only a symptom '' * is ** completely false . 
  ** this was my main contention !, 
   if you want to stretch back the origin of the eu , then you have to actually mention that the countries that got together for the treaties of paris then rome , did so to prevent ever seeing a repeat of world war 2 . one of these aims would be to have a `` united states of europe '' , in the long-term including free markets , borders and unified parliaments . 
  but all that shit was secondary to preventing war - and the overarching force driving this was deeper integration between countries . 
  this is all fine and dandy and of course completely true , but again , it does n't change the fact that the * `` business side '' * of the eu has from the beginning and still plays a central role in the eu . 
   i know sweden is having some trouble absorbing this level of immigration , but yours is still a paltry amount compared to germany do you not realize sweden is a lot smaller than germany , in terms of population and gdp ? 
  we thus take in a proportionally very similar amount . 
   your nhs is still good no it 's not . 
  it 's currently being overextended due to the sharp increase in patients due to all of the migrants coming in , but also due to a lack of funding ( and this lack of funding is in large part due to how expensive it has been for state to pay welfare and housing for migrants ) . 
  it 's so bad now that children in need of emergency care have to be sent to norway and that 's in addition to an overextended staff . 
   your unemployment still low . 
  6.4 % is not low . 
  not as high as spain 's , but still not low . 
   and the prospects of your youth ( compared to that of spain ? ), 
  still high . 
  and all of this possible because the bedrock of your economy is sound - there is opportunity , there are companies , there are jobs . 
  i do n't think the future is looking so good , unless something is done , especially considering the alarming amount of swedish companies that have either died or moved abroad because of opressive taxes . 
  my country 's heavy industry has mostly died out . 
  but hey , you 're the one with the degree in economics . 
   while your rent prices may have gone up a bit , that does n't mean new housing ca n't be made to expand the capacity but very few houses are being built because our government does n't want too ( especially not building houses that people can afford ) , which could be because of corruption in government ( a lot of special interests benefit from rental prices remaining high ) , but i digress , the point is that not nearly enough houses are being built . 
   or that your salaries are n't going to go up from a more productive economy . 
  the new people that come in your country can and will become a force for good , especially in caring for your ageing society ( by doing those jobs or contributing to the national purse ) . 
  but the vast majority of them are not doing that . 
  most of them live of welfare . 
  and it 's not even neccessarily that they are bad people ( although the perverse insentives involved in letting anyone in without a proper vetting process has let a lot of bad people in ) but simply the fact that there are n't any jobs for them , because there was already not enough jobs to go around before the migrant crisis !, 
  the migrant wave that has entered sweden has not and will not contribute to helping our elderly . 
  in fact it has done the opposite by divirting wealth away from the eldery and instead onto welfare for newly arrived migrants . 
  this is a fact that even the leftist , pro open-border ideologs in our government has conceded to . 
  i 'm not doubting that you understand economics in general better than me , but you clearly have very little understanding of the migrant crisis and especially little understanding of sweden 's peculiar situation . 
  someone like you should understand that bringing in hundreds of thousands of uneducated people into a country where jobs in the low-skilled sector are on the decline will not benefit the economy . 
  especially when most of these people go on to self segregate from the rest of the country and isolate themselves and their children from the possibilty of improving their education or social status . 
  nothing good will come of it . 
  i hope this is the case simply because it would be hypothetically less embarrassing if it was . 
  it 's not useless to ask what people think . 
  if i want to know what people think , then asking them a specific question about specific issues is the best way to go about it , because they know exactly what they are being asked . 
  and of course , you , i and everyone else have plenty of reasons why we would want to know what people think about for example politics . 
  if i 'm asking a vague question that anyone can and more importantly * will * interpret completely differently , then it will give me little useful information about what people actually think , because no one is sure what is actually being asked . 
  it 's fine if you want to use it as a way to push and forward a political narrative that people would otherwise not have agreed to , by clouding it in generalizing terms and buzz-words ( such as * globalisation * ) . 
  if you want to determine what people actually believe , it 's useless . 
   the idea of being able to travel , work and live wherever you want are one of the pillars of this european union . 
  the business side of it is only a symptom , that enterprises permeate into geographies because of extended customer base . 
  the repeatedly ignorant view of `` immigrant bad '' is only perpetrated by xenophobes with no fucking clue about economics . 
  i do not know if you are lying , or if you are simply completely ignorant about the history of the european union . 
  the european union was in it 's orginal form created as a customs union between france , germany and the benelux states . 
  it had nothing to do with freedom of movement , it was purely about business and economics . 
  i do n't know why you claim it 's the other way around . 
  also , the fact that mass migration is not economically benefitial has been proven beyond doubt at this point . 
  just look at my country , our social security net is being overloaded , our deficit has increased , we 're facing increasing social strife ( and probably increased crime as well , but the bureau of statistics probably ca n't be fucked to check in immigrant dominated communities because the police ca n't even go there . 
  so it wo n't show up in the official statistics ) . 
  the only ones that have benefitted are now increasingly wealthy real-estate owners that are benefitting from the ever increasing housing costs brought on largely by the immigration crisis . 
  if this is your definition of economic growth , you have a stupid definition . 
  the problems is that many things that fall under the purview of globalisation are neither inevitable nor desirable . 
  the point he 's is making is that if you are actually trying to detirmine any usfull information or truth , asking vaguely worded questions about globalisation is not particularly useful . 
  it was a genocide . 
  it was a concerted effort to kill all the fighting age men and boys in the area . 
  serbia supported a genocidal faction . 
  by providing logistical , monetary and armaments support for the republika srpska they helped making these genocides possible , probably playing a vital role in at least some of them . 
  the srebrenica massacre happened towards the end of the war , a war that was prolonged by intervention from serbia . 
  yes they did , serbia was a key belligerent and supporter of the republika srpska . 
  serbia is partially responsible for the genocides committed by the serb forces . 
  but i 'll edit my comment to be more specific , as it was republika srpska forces that committed the genocide , with the support of serbia . 
  the primary target of the genocide were `` fighting age men '' . 
  but they were not in the bosnian army nor were they a threat at all . 
  but genocide advocates will still use the fact that it was mostly adult men that were massacred to try to justify the horrible massacre . 
  also , serbia was the country that was the aggressor in the conflict . 
  so yeah , i think the guy you are responding to will completely dismiss anything you say . 
  i do n't think it 's precisely known on what date it started , and it happened a long time ago . 
  maybe when the 100 year mark comes around , we 'll see a post regarding that ? 
  * `` a concerted effort was made to capture all bosniak men of military age . 
  in fact , those captured included many boys well below that age and elderly men several years above that age who remained in the enclave following the take-over of srebrenica . 
  these men and boys were targeted regardless of whether they chose to flee to poto\u010dari or to join the bosnian muslim column . 
  the operation to capture and detain the bosnian muslim men was well organised and comprehensive . 
  the buses which transported the women and children were systematically searched for men '' * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre that 's literally genocide . 
  i just find it astonishing that this kind of stuff was allowed to happen in europe , just some 22 years ago . 
  let alone the mass rapes and the massacres themselves . 
  the republika srpska , with the support of serbia , committed genocide . 
  i feel like not enough was done to stop them or hold them accountable . 
   first , it can be performed for medical issues they mention that in the article , and even state that medical problems are legitimate reasons for circumcision . 
  that being said , you ought not to circumcise someone as a preemptive way of treating potential genital issues ( especially since penal problems can arise from circumcisions ) . 
  for example , we do n't remove babies caecum simply because they might get appendicitis in the future . 
  & nbsp ;  be circumcised during the adulthood is very contraignant since it 's painful at the begining and you will not totally recover before 2 or 3 weeks , you also ca n't have sex for a month . 
  doing it during the childhood allow to bypass all of this problem . 
  it 's a problem arisen because of a needless procedure . 
  & nbsp ;  as someone said in this thread , ban it will just lead to backroom clinics performing it illegally and dangerously they also tackle this in the article . 
  i suggest you read it if you have not already done so . 
  & nbsp ;  when i read u/czokletmuss writing `` inb4 americans : i was mutilated by my parents without having any choice on this but that 's okay do n't tread on me reeeeeeeeeeeee '' , basically '' you think you like it but trust me you do n't '' with all the arrogance that come with it and get upvoted , it shows how this sub has turned in a new sneaky r/atheism . 
  this is quite a disgusting view to have . 
  it is plain for you to see that women and girls ought not to have their genitals mutilated or cut in any unnecessary way and so do i , yet you can not make the same distinction about young boys . 
  it 's ** not ** that having a circumcised penis means you have an inferior penis , i do n't think it does . 
  it 's about not putting a knife and unessesarily cutting up the genitals of young baby !, 
  it is barbaric and disgusting . 
  & nbsp ;  it 's exactly the same process who leads to homophoby , racism and rejections in other parts of the world but it 's ok because we are the wise occidental who bring modernity and our good practice to the barbaric world . 
  calling out injustice = / = creating * `` homophoby , racism and rejections '' *, 
  you must not call it off without a second referendum where the british people vote to stay . 
  calling it off against the will of the british people would be anti-democratic . 
  i 'm not british , but i support a second referendum . 
  i swear to god , it 's that shit manifesto . 
  it would be a shame if britain was not to leave .
