for security purposes ? 
  i 'm no expect , and this is just off the top of my head : * the european fishing industry would n't agree with your statement * it would add another nato member to the eu * geo-politically it would extend the eu reach to the north atlantic region above the arctic circle , which may not be a big deal now but if the predicted power race for the resources in the arctic kicks off it will matter a lot, 
  fifa , one of the few organisations more corrupt than the russian government . 
  the foreskin is the most sensitive part of the penis , containing up to 20,000 nerve endings , that makes it pretty damn essential to my well being . 
  i am well aware of the differences and the horrors and torture experienced by girls and women who are subjected to this barbarism , however by making the distinction you enable people to make the argument `` well this mutilation is n't as bad as that one , so it 's totally ok '' . 
  no it does not , it says that if a decision is made to perform the operation the benefits outweigh the risks , but they do n't recommend it universally as it offers no health benefits over remaining uncut , in other words its just pandering to the parents religious beliefs , not the welfare of the child . 
  why are you making distinctions between types of genital mutilation based on gender , how about everybody just stops mutilating their newborns and let them grow up to make whatever decision they want when they are an adult . 
   there is a compendium of us academic sourced medical advice that is saying circumcision has definite benefits like this one from the american academy of pediatrics : http://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/pages/newborn-male-circumcision.aspx  the american academy of pediatrics found the ** health benefits of newborn male circumcision outweigh the risks , but the benefits are not great enough to recommend universal newborn circumcision ** . 
  the aap policy statement published monday , august 27 , says the final decision should still be left to parents to make in the context of their religious , ethical and cultural beliefs . 
  that does not say that the health benefits of circumcision outweigh just leaving the kid alone , it just says that the risks are minimal so no reason not to indulge the parents religious fanaticism . 
  what health benefits exactly do you think circumcision offers that non-circumcised kids are missing out on ? 
  not true , if the decision is not in the best interests of the child a court order can overrule them e.g. 
  jevohah ' witnesses refusing a blood transfusion . 
  it 's irreversible , unnecessary and usually performed to appease some religious belief of the parent . 
  if a parent wants their child circumcised they can wait till the kid is 18 and let him make up his own mind . 
   i just dont see the points of this law . 
  jewish will just go the nearest jewish doctor the law can be used to strip the doctor of his medical license and make the parents answer for their crime . 
  an adult can do whatever they want with their genitalia , irreversibly altering a child 's genitals without their consent is barbaric . 
  would you condone a parents right to tattoo their newborn ? 
  a sure sign you are doing something right when the israeli government feels the need to insult you, 
  after all the shit they have pulled in ireland , they have zero credibility , fake account my ass, 
   i am considering placing an ad on russian tv good luck getting approval from the kremlin , 
  why were andorra and liechtenstein excluded ? 
  good to know , thanks for the explanation, 
  it does , i was just joking that you were referring to the rest of the eu including ireland as continental, 
  will the cta be affected if the uk leave the eu do you think ? 
  i wonder if ireland would join schengen in such an event ... 
  we 're continentals , 
  it 's the eurovision , i mean it 's not as if entrants win for the quality of the music !, 
  you want to kick china out of the un ? 
  many would argue that the usa is not a democracy , but an oligarchy , you want to kick them out as well ? 
  i do n't think you have thought this plan through ... 
  and the usa constantly using it 's veto to prevent any real discussion about the human rights abusses committed by israel . 
  was it ever relevant ? 
  hungary is a part of the schengen area , it 's a very open border . 
  the us has bases in some of the most evil countries in the world !, 
  i do n't think they have reached guantanamo level yet to be fair, 
  the appear to have a very rose tinted view of how britain treated it 's colonies, 
   converting the population to protestantism that was attempted during the famine , it was a requirement to publicly renounce catholicism and become protestant to receive any of the meager food aid that was made available , which of course would mean being ostracised by the community, 
  more embarrassing than slavery ? 
   the day the british empire died that was a good day for humanity , not all , but most, 
  you 're right , it 's not a competition , they are all terrible tragedies, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know why i even commented , it 's not a competition and they are all terrible tragedies . 
  if the good friday agreement and the power sharing ni government collapsed it would not be possible for the uk to successfully govern ni . 
  the common belief that there actually was a famine in ireland is what irks me ; there has never been a shortage of food on the island of ireland in all of recorded history , it is a great historical injustice to refer to it as a famine . 
  that 's pretty much accepted as fact though , the udr and mi5 were instrumental in organisation and logistics . 
  i think most people on the island of ireland believe this to be true , the division lies in people 's opinion on whether they were the acts of a terrorist or a guerilla freedom fighter . 
  not to belittle the attack in madrid , but would n't the [ air india flight bombing in ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_india_flight_182 ) or the [ lockerbie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_am_flight_103 ) bombing be considered the worst terrorist attacks in europe ? 
  why would the uk want a destabilised ireland ? 
  that would just make northern ireland an even tougher problem for them !, 
  it is commonly accepted that the udr ( infantry regiment of the british army ) and british military intelligence were behind the organisation and logistics of the bombings . 
  that looks like parental controls are enabled by default , or am i misunderstanding ? 
  why is n't it opt out ? 
  let parents choose what they want and leave everyone else alone , or are they trying to build a list to use against people ? 
  the penal laws made it strictly illegal for any irish catholic to hold a position of power , the native irish were never part of a home nation , that was only extended to the protestant settlers . 
  the native irish were sold into slavery for the glory of the empire : http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/irish-the-forgotten-white-slaves-says-expert-john-martin-188645531-237793261.html, 
  the penal laws imposed by the english made it illegal for a catholic in ireland to hold a position of power . 
  not in my experience , most british people i have spoken to about the colonial crimes committed in ireland have no idea , even less when it comes to more foreign locations like kenya or india . 
  ireland, 
  restraining a person high on drugs who does n't feel pain and is paranoid and/or delusional , without hurting them or yourself is extremely difficult . 
  what if i buy an apple in a farmers market , i do n't really expect a receipt for that ? 
  i never understood being proud of something you had no choice or control over , it 's like saying i 'm proud to be white or heterosexual . 
  but what if we 're just replacing state nationalism with european nationalism ? 
   every european leader is making decision based on the interests of their own country . 
  and their view may be that a greek exit might not be in their countries best interests, 
  can we also have a referendum on whether we want russian warships in greek ports ? 
   eu leaders are so fed up they are elected and paid to do a representative job , if their personal feelings of being `` fed up '' are getting in the way of that then they should step aside and let someone competent do it instead . 
  i 'm not advocating for any particular course of action , just saying that if i stopped doing my job because i was `` fed up '' i would be fired !, 
  in 1953 greece forgave germany all of it 's debts to allow for post ww2 re-building , even though greece had been occupied by the nazis !, 
  instead of calling greece a thief , how about calling out germany for not returning a favour ? 
  those people know nothing of the reality of living in the country , the suffering , culture , humanity etc. 
  all they see is an economy . 
  is n't it all relative to humidity though , like how cold is relative to wind chill . 
  i wonder what europe would look like if germany had n't been given huge debt forgiveness and capital investment post ww2 ? 
  i seem to recall a neighbour going on a neighbourhood rampage and then seeking huge debt relief and forgiveness because his hangover was so hard to recover from ... 
   yeah , that 's illegal now . 
  that 's the point , are the government going to put thousand of peaceful protesters in jail ? 
  surely the only logical response would be to organise a huge protest outside the spanish parliament . 
  help yourselves , organise a massive assembly to protest the law . 
  ireland maintains a neutral foreign policy and for this reason has not joined nato , i 'm pretty sure ireland has an opt out option in the event of eu military action . 
  anyway , i do n't think we have any tanks !, 
  the usual thing to do in a situation like this would be to devalue the currency which would help boost exports , tourism , jobs creation etc. 
  to get the economy back on line , however greece are in a fiscal union and do not have the option of devaluing their currency . 
  the eu is not federal , juncker ' mandate does not give him the authority to interfere in the democratic process of a sovereign state, 
  but at least they will have the freedom to devalue their own currency to bolster exports , tourism etc. 
  my understanding is that the school authorities are making assumptions and there has n't actually been any issues with the refugees . 
  as for german refugees integrating , the fact that aipac exists and yields so much power over us politics and media would indicate otherwise . 
  ah here now , just because they did a better job than the americans did with the japanese internment camps , there 's no call for that, 
  like all those refugees who fled germany back in the 40 's and were denied safe shelter in foreign lands ... oh wait ... 
  shit show compared to what , what went before it ? 
  france ca n't extradite to a country with the death penalty or a known record for torture . 
  the major intelligence agencies ( cia , dgse , mi5 etc. . ) regularly transport spies and enemy combatants through foreign jurisdictions covertly , if france really wanted to do this , they easily could . 
  i do n't think the eu should be taking advice from any unelected official , especially a monarch . 
  i thought all her speeches are pre-approved by parliament ? 
  wait , i thought this was a protest against same sex marriage , they are protesting civil unions ? 
  what the hell italy , it 's 2015 !, 
  they must be insecure about something ... 
  as a man it 's natural for me to attack , pillage , kill etc. 
  but i do n't do those things because i live in a civilized society based on mutual respect and understanding . 
  the whole * natural * argument is irrelevant .
