  it is short for expatriates . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , i would assume that they would as they would immediately become illegal immigrants . 
  does the ukip have a plan for bringing all the british citizens in the eu back home if the uk leaves the eu and they become illegal residents of their respective countries ? 
  are ukip against movement of workers within the eu ? 
  if so , what is their plan for bringing all the british ex-pats in the eu back to britain ? 
  executing them does n't help prevent this happening again , it does the complete opposite , by studying and psycho analysing the criminals there is a chance that professionals can better identify why they committed these crimes and maybe find a way to prevent others acting in such a way . 
  these monsters are going to prison for a very long time , i am far more concerned about the other monsters out there who have n't acted or been identified yet . 
  and how does exciting the criminals help the children ? 
  i am in no way knowledgeable or experienced enough to answer that . 
  those are not the only options , rehabilitation should always be the primary goal . 
  civilised countries do n't execute people , it means the accused will face the full power of the french justice system . 
  do you really expect the french authorities to resort to suck a barbaric practice as the death penalty ? 
  politicans ? 
   communism just does n't work as a viable economical model . 
  neither does absolute capitalism , it is based on ever continuing growth and consumption which is not economically or environmentally viable as can be seen with climate change and trade deals that value corporate interests over human rights . 
  [ exactly ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/25/us-set-to-revive-propaganda-war-as-putin-pr-machine-undermines-baltic-states ), 
  the head of state is not democratically elected , also the head of state is the official head of the church of england making a mockery of the separation of church and state . 
  the fact that the queen is the commander in chief of a major military force is also disturbing , even if it is only in title . 
  an act that has never been officially recognised , and is not commonly known in ireland , that is also shameful and should be addressed . 
  ireland has n't recognised it as genocide , which is shameful considering our own history and struggles . 
  yes , if it is officially recognised at a un level , then reparations would be expected . 
  how quickly we forget , it was n't that long ago that millions of people were fleeing europe seeking asylum in other countries , and most of them were able to find it . 
   remove the possibility of undocumented migrants who cross the mediterranean receiving asylum in europe do you really want the eu to be regarded by future generations the same way we now regard countries that denied asylum to refugees fleeing the holocaust ? 
  the people making the crossing know the dangers and travel anyway because the alternative is much worse . 
  if you are proposing tearing up the universal declaration of human rights then where does that leave the world ? 
  easter is based on the equinox , the date is determined by the full moon , so it predates christianity and was originally a pagan festival . 
  we have been dealing with british immigrants in ireland for over 800 years , i have never heard of one making the effort to learn the irish language . 
  they will have to go around ireland , were not moving !, 
  the eu already has close ties with monaco and the vatican . 
  haha , just the demented ramblings of a wistful irish man :d, 
  not yet , but if it was taught in every eu national school , 
  ireland was a third world country in ww2 and historically one of the poorest countries in all of europe as a former british colony , but we are considered western now . 
  a few chairs got the cops to show up almost immediately , i 'm still waiting to hear about arrests for money laundering ... 
   a common language taught in all eu schools this would be a great way to promote the irish language , 
  i thought irish was officially recognised as a national language in ni ? 
  i do n't condone any of the bombings , but there is a common misconception that terrorist attacks are only ever carried out by rogue groups and not by legitimate governments , especially western , developed ones . 
   we had christian irish terrorists bombing us in response to terrorist bombings on us by the british state security forces : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings#allegations_of_british_security_force_involvement, 
  can the uk really be considered democratic ? 
  the house of lords is largely unelected , composed of select members of the church of england and people just selected by mps ? 
  who needs cultural heritage when we can just resort to barbaric , historical acts like execution !, 
  goddamn swedes , they ruined sweden !, 
  what about eu member states that have a foreign policy of neutrality ? 
  so the law does n't ban people from wearing burkas walking around in public ? 
  i 'm ok with that then . 
  i wear a balaclava to cycle to work when it 's freezing outside , would that also be banned ? 
  also , in a society with ever increasing amounts of cctv , face recognition , aggressive marketing tracking etc. . 
  i think it sets a bad precedent banning people from covering their faces . 
  i am far more afraid of governments and corporations than i am of migrants . 
  in fairness , in my experience most people who identify as christian are very selective in what laws they choose they obey or acknowledge from the old and new testament . 
  how many of them have un-elected religious leaders automatically appointed to parliment ? 
  how many of them have a monarch that is the head of the state religion ? 
   well , the world definitely has n't moved on from god and it has n't fully moved on from monarchs either . 
  the majority of the developed world has moved on , the uk is a notable exception with unelected people appointed to the house of lords simply because of their position in a religious organisation ; and the head of state being the head of the state religion is just bizarre in the 21st century . 
   british isles is n't an offensive term , i 've never once heard anyone say it is . 
  have you ever been to ireland ? 
  how convenient of you not to mention that the british government supported and financed terrorist organisations that killed and maimed in ireland during that same time period . 
  you had to resort to an american to back up your point ? 
  and what was that crap about god and crowns ? 
  like i said the world has moved on , the term british isles belongs to a bygone age of oppressive and genocidal colonialism . 
  leningrad and constantinople are also geographic locations , but the world has moved on unlike your british superiority complex . 
  did you seriously just call ireland a part of the british isles in a thread discussing the commemoration of irish independence from british oppression and colonialism ? 
  no worries , fuck anybody who puts a bomb in a school, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or facetious , but to play devil 's advocate the british security forces at the highest level have been heavily involved in the orchestration of terrorist bombings in the republic of ireland as recently as the seventies , and to this day refuse to cooperate or disclose classified intel to any independent investigation team : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings, 
  absolutely , i 'm irish , and i just do n't feel safe around myself without some heavy surveillance . 
  can we also put all the italians under heavy surveillance for organised crime linked to the mafia ? 
  and all the spanish under heavy surveillance for anything linked to eta ? 
  and we better keep tight surveillance on the french and british for selling heavy military equipment to saudi arabia , the primary financial backer of isis . 
  can we also talk about the violent tendencies of certain cultures within the eu ? 
  airport security check in dublin confiscated something of mine ( i forget what ) and threw it in a bin , i questioned the logic of taking it off me because it might be a bomb and then leaving it in a bin in the most crowded area of the airport , surely if they had reason to be suspicious then it should be removed to a safe area ; all i got was a blank stare , it 's all a performance to give people the illusion of security . 
   no prosperous countries have any reason to join the eu . 
  the german economy would beg to differ, 
  what happens when you get a nutter , who does n't help relations with other nations ? 
  an elected official is replaced after a few years . 
  compare him to any other irish politician, 
  to play devil 's advocate , is n't what you described the basis of how your country was formed ? 
  did the european immigrants who colonised the americas act any differently ? 
  how is this good , it will just lead to women being unable to leave their home !, 
  exactly , can facebook appeal on the grounds of discrimination ? 
  the sky has n't been the limit for a long time , there are footprints on the moon . 
  russia has a lot of nuclear weapons and is politically stable , nobody wants to risk making it unstable and unpredictable . 
   all cunts and you wonder why no one likes you ? 
  it 's the sense of entitlement in your posts that is being downvoted , get over yourself, 
  do n't the french have the best naval military record in history ? 
  ulster is already split between the republic and northern ireland , i assume op means that he wants all of ulster to be part of the republic . 
  true , democracy is meaningless without privacy and freedom of association . 
  in a society filled with cctv , smartphones , facial recognition/tracking , and collusion between social media/marketing companies and the state intelligence agencies ; denying people the right to cover their faces has terrifying and far reaching orwellian implications . 
  what if i simply want to walk through town without being tracked by the nsa/gchq or facebook/google ? 
  i can choose not to carry a smartphone , but if my face is tracked at every turn and it is illegal for me to cover it , then any attempt at privacy becomes subversive and an offense against the state . 
  like the region wide ecological devastation caused by massive dams in brazil and china ? 
  i said `` diplomatically engage '' as an alternative to using syria as a military/political playground for east vs west . 
  the west already diplomatically engages with russia on may levels e.g. 
  trade , space program , un etc. . 
  how so ? 
  the eu now has less bargaining power and the uk is much more dependant on free trade agreements on the usa 's terms , seems like a win for the usa to me . 
  well we could start with impressing sanctions on saudi arabia and diplomatically engaging with russia instead of using syria as a political playground ... but the chances of that happening ... 
  cctv , smartphones , webcams etc everywhere -  nsa/fsb/gchq etc. 
  in bed with google , fb , microsoft -  facial recognition , internet of things , machine learning etc. . 
  i value my privacy enough to at least have the choice of not revealing my face to be shared and quantified by all these companies , agencies and governments . 
  ban the burqa and the oppressed women who are forced to wear it will then be forced to stay home and have even less interaction with our society and culture , which will only make things worse . 
  inclusion , education and acceptance is the best weapon against ignorance , not exclusion .
