  all of that talk and you never mentioned northern ireland or the good friday agreement ? 
  where does that come into your plan to end the cta and and treat ireland as just another country ? 
  you realize that would completely go against the agreed terms of the good friday agreement and end any power sharing government in the north ? 
  the majority of people in northern ireland are already strongly against brexit . 
  personally , i would n't give a toss if the cta was scrapped if it was preceded by a united ireland . 
  also , i disagree with your assertion that the uk is a place many irish want to go , post-brexit it holds no appeal compared to other eu countries . 
  what the fuck is `` southern irish '' ? 
  you realise it 's british people that are rushing to get irish passports , not the other way round right ? 
  why would a person with an eu passport want to change it for a british one ? 
  anyway , feck off telling us who we should restrict our citizenship to !, 
  are you including the free movement of british citizens all over the eu in that statement ? 
  because you ca n't have it both ways . 
  a budget that is a fraction of the budget handed over to israel from the usa to maintain their nuclear arsenal and world class military . 
   moral ... reasons there is no moral defence for mutilating a defenceless child, 
  do you believe parents should be allowed to tattoo their newborns ? 
  it 's anti-semitic to be against genocide as well , that features pretty prominently in the torah , so i 'm fine with being anti-semetic, 
  does the phrase anti-semitic carry any weight outside of the usa ? 
  either is racist/bigoted or its not , why should there be a specific phrase for every race ? 
  what about inheriting the wealth and power that their parents achieved through human rights crimes ? 
  if responsibility and guilt are not inheritable then the trappings of those crimes should not be either . 
  did the uk ever really work as a union ? 
  i have often been in situations where london taxis and shops refuse to accept northern ireland sterling notes , and i have talked to english people who have no knowledge of the irish republic or the six counties membership of the uk . 
  a lot of english people seem less informed about their own union than most citizens of the eu are about the much larger european union . 
  ireland is neutral , we have no alliance, 
  cheers , i was just curious as northerner in the uk sense was a bit confusing . 
  just curious , does northerner mean scottish or northern irish ? 
  it is if you do n't offer to leave , i mean you already got to enjoy the party for a while , if the house is getting too crowded then the decent thing to do would be to leave and let some of the arriving neighbours enjoy the party for a while . 
  that 's a poor analogy , if you are welcomed into your neighbours house for a party and you then later complain because more neighbours are arriving and it 's getting crowded , that 's hypocrisy . 
  that would destroy the good friday peace agreement and leave ni with no functioning assembly government , and for what ? 
  you can introduce border controls on the major roads , but you ca n't stop people just walking through the fields . 
  except for the land border in the north of ireland , where anyone can just walk into the uk, 
  you 're right , ireland is very pro eu , it 's some of the older irish emigrants who went over to england to work in construction and view eastern european 's as competing for their jobs . 
  i suspect it 's just a large minority though that fail to see the irony or hypocrisy . 
  not op , but i imagine it 's down to protecting jobs from more immigrants . 
  a lot of irish immigrants in the uk are voting exit for this reason . 
  that 's what they said about the irish refugees in north america who were arriving , after fleeing brutal oppression by the british back home, 
  the uk ca n't even maintain a single currency within its own borders , i have often had northern irish sterling refused in london . 
   britain standing out from the rest of europe ireland drinks more tea per capita than britain , and we are one of the most pro eu countries in the union, 
  is n't sweden one of the largest military arms exporters in the world ? 
  why would anyone want to define themselves and their identity by some arbitrary invisible border line ? 
  the eu has brought peace and prosperity to europe , the free movement of people , goods and services is the most successful war deterrent the continent has ever seen , so i am in full support of it and i am comfortable enough in my own identity and heritage to not feel threatened . 
  how is that any different to bring ruled by a bunch of fat cats in london ? 
  who know nothing about the cultural identity and society of northern ireland or scotland . 
  i 'm sorry , are you from the past ? 
  because we do n't want turkey, 
  was n't the us population only 4 to 5 million back then , that 's hardly comparable with the 500 million , multi country , multi language , multi culture ambition of the eu . 
  depends what part of the uk you 're from , if it 's scotland or northern ireland you might be back in a few years , otherwise it might take a bit longer, 
  assuming the uk does n't drift further and further apart , scotland and northern ireland might not even be part of the uk in a few years . 
  fuck off with that elitist shite , and go cry your bitter tears at a dana concert, 
  they are hugely popular here , their gigs in dublin always sell out , and they are savage good live, 
  the lead singer was born and raised in dublin , so close enough, 
  what 's unhealthy about gay sex ? 
  and why do you assume i was talking about men ? 
  if anything , european countries are atheistic , i was just pointing the fallacy in your point about * sin * , and you know stds are just as risky for heterosexual people right ? 
  divorce , eating pork , working on a saturday and trimming your beard are also sins ; but in my experience most people who speak out about sin , tend to just pick and choose which sins offend them, 
  great , handfasting is the central part of the ceremony : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/handfasting_ ( neopaganism ), 
  ancient irish celtic, 
  it sets a precedent , if a black person can be treated differently on the bus then they can be treated differently in other areas , leading to discrimination and racism ; it 's the same with same sex marriage , if it 's given a different title then some people will see this as a license to treat these couples differently in other areas , again legitimising discrimination . 
  you 're non essential for human existence . 
  the same objection that black people had to being forced to sit on the back of the bus , i mean it 's functionally the same wherever you sit right ? 
  marriage pre-dates any modern organised religion , and no church or religious group has a monopoly on marriage . 
  i have been to 3 weddings in the last two years , the ceremonies were performed by a humanist , pagan druid , and roman catholic priest . 
  religion is a personal choice , the same as marriage . 
  in my experience these people have very empty , shallow marriages , that are more of a status symbol and serve self validation rather than a shared , loving , committed relationship , so they view any change to the definition of marriage as an attack on their own self worth and validation . 
  are there really that many in the uk , outside of ni , who care enough ? 
  i 'm not being flippant , i just get the impression that the vast majority would be indifferent . 
  the ira had the financial support of the irish diaspora in the usa and countries/organisations sympathetic to their cause ( lybia , farc , eta etc. . ) , whereas the unionists always relied on preferential treatment from the british , without that support i do n't see any other sympathisers to their fight . 
  without the backing of the british state security forces and control of the ni policing service , they would n't have the resources or support to put up any significant fight . 
  if reunification happens it would n't include state security services collusion with terrorist organisations or apartheid like rule , so the conditions for a return to the troubles just would n't be there . 
  would n't it make more sense for scotland and ni to keep the uk title and continue eu membership, 
  a lot of straight people do n't want marriage either , but they have that choice , that 's how human rights work . 
  fatshaming is terrible , but a person 's opinion and value of their own body should n't be dependent on what other people think , especially people they do n't even know , and the same is true of a marriage . 
   might not like it who cares ? 
  why should we even consider this argument ? 
  denying people basic human rights because someone might not like it ? 
  apartheid and slavery were considered to be institutions back in the day , and lots of people did n't like the meaning of those institutions changing either . 
   it 's a sin to be gay and gays want to get married marriage pre-dates any of the modern , organised religions ; same-sex marriage was a thing long before any of the modern abrahamic religions even existed . 
  marriage pre-dates organised religion , let the churches use a different name . 
  if the value a person places on their marriage is based on external validation and the legal definition then they probably need to take a good hard look at why they are married and not go around trying to stop other people getting married . 
  england could leave the uk , then scotland and ni would n't be forced to leave the eu . 
   we must respect our parliament i realise the uk is n't a republic , but should n't it be a case of parliament must respect the will of the people i.e. 
  the results of the referendum ? 
  a hard border and a uk exit from the echr will mean an end to the good friday agreement and a collapse in the northern ireland power sharing government ; direct rule from london and a loss of eu funds for northern ireland will male a united ireland a lot more attractive . 
  my point is why would you support leaving one union of countries , the eu , to just remain in another union of countries , the uk , why not just go the whole hog and abandon all the unions ? 
   if you do n't see the difference between country a and b making an agreement and a having to enact laws because b and c thinks its a great idea im afraid i cant help you . 
  is n't this exactly how the uk works , with the scottish and northern ireland governments having to follow laws because london think it 's a great idea ? 
  if this is your reason for disliking the eu then do you also think the uk should be abandoned to allow for the constituent countries to be independent and have complete control over their laws ? 
  the prime minister of the uk is threatening to leave post brexit . 
  somalia and north korea are the only countries i can think of that are independent , after brexit you will still be answerable to nato , wto , commonwealth trade agreements etc. . 
  maybe 0.000000001 % of males are born with that defect , while 100 % of males are born with a foreskin , when it 's 100 % it 's not a defect , the defect is the culture that is so enamoured with barbaric middle eastern traditions . 
   my penis is my penis what 's left of it, 
  if you were raised without ear lobes and everyone in your community did n't have ear lobes , you would also find them weird and disgusting , that does n't mean we should allow parents cut their newborns ear lobes off . 
  corporal punishment used to be allowed in schools and was considered an important tradition , that does n't mean it should have been allowed to continue , and arguing that their are worse things than corporal punishment is n't a reason to keep allowing the practice . 
  if a kid wants to get cut when they turn 18 that 's their own business , same way they can get a tattoo or a boob job if they want . 
  that 's an assumption of yours not an argument , the majority of the world 's population does not believe it is permissable to allow male circumcision , it is a barbaric middle eastern tradition that should have died out centuries ago . 
  what argument ? 
  you have n't provided any discussion or explanation , all you have said is male circumcision is fine but no other traditions are acceptable . 
  why , because only male circumcision is specific to your religion ? 
  why should the law only cater to your religious traditions and not others ? 
  unfortunately ireland , to its shame , still has a long way to go and forces women to travel to england .
