  homosexuality was legalised in ireland in 1993 , and 22 years later same sex marriage was legalised by popular vote . 
  indoctrination from a very young age , i was raised roman catholic and overcoming the dogma was probably the hardest thing i have ever had to do . 
  the growing realisation that my parents , teachers , authority figures etc were for the most part wrong was very difficult to accept and i struggled with it for years . 
  you think a 4 meter high wall is going to stop an illegal emigrant that already made it that far ? 
  can you name one that was not a member or descendent of the protestant settlers from britain ? 
  it 's still a bigoted law in this day and age . 
  the act of settlement from 1701 , which is still in force , makes it law that the british monarch must be a member of the church of england , and specifically can not be a roman catholic or a person who has married a roman catholic . 
  its original purpose was to prevent an irish person from ever becoming a monarch , even though all of ireland was part of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland ; and yes , the law still stands to this day . 
   just treating them like everyone else is a start . 
  that 's difficult for the police to do for a number of reasons , mainly that irish travellers sometimes use their own language called shelta , do n't have a fixed address , and use different names . 
  so if the police move a community on from one town , it will be very difficult for the police in the next town to prove or even establish that they are the same people . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_travellers#origins `` the study provided evidence that irish travellers are a distinct irish ethnic minority , who separated from the settled irish community at least 1000 years ago ; the claim was made that they are as distinct from the settled community as icelanders are from norwegians . '', 
  african countries with borders that were intentionally drawn up by colonial powers when they were leaving to ensure that the countries would lack resources and have ongoing conflicts so that they would still be dependant on their former masters . 
  these * destitute african societies * are a direct result of colonialism . 
  it helps the modern day slaves . 
  ireland is n't harbouring any guilt for the sins of it 's past , but it does owe a huge debt to the many nations of the world that took in our ancestors fleeing starvation and oppression . 
  why ? 
  the rights established in magna carta were never extended to citizens of the british empire outside of britain . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from a country where the head of state is restricted to members of a specific religion . 
  ireland was doing fine with the brehon laws before the norman invasion and occupation , as a former british colony the rights in the magna carta were never extended to irish people and it took hundreds of years to get those brehon rights back . 
  i never said anything about having to accept communities that are hostile , nobody would accept that . 
  and those are some of the least vocal critics of multiculturalism in europe . 
  most european countries had large migrations in their history to north america , australia etc. . 
  ireland was an oppressed , colonial province for most of its history leading to mass migration to most parts of the world , so for me as an irish man to be against multiculturalism would also be hypocritical . 
  nobody asked the native americans or aborigines their opinions on multiculturalism when thousand of irish were arriving and bringing their culture with them . 
  you may not personally have engaged in colonialism , but you and your children still have the privilege of living in one of the richest countries in the world , that privilege is in no small part due to colonialism . 
  neither is turkey , israel or armenia and they are all participating . 
  after hundreds of years of european colonialism imposing western culture on the rest of the world , i personally find questioning multiculturalism a bit hypocritical . 
  accept this violent attack or face expulsion !, 
  why do you even think that 's acceptable ? 
  if a manager made the same that to an employee they would be fired and sued , and we 're talking about two people the same size , strength and maturity . 
  i had a teacher who would punch and kick students with no warning , one day during class one of the dads walked in , hit the teacher hard enough to knock him out and then just walked out ; the dad did n't get into any trouble and the teacher never hit a kid again . 
  i grew up with corporal punishment and i do n't recall any kid ever being offered the choice to refuse the punishment , regardless it 's a barbaric relic of the past that has no place in a civilised society . 
  a child being violently attached by an authority figure , many times their size , has every right to defend themselves . 
  ok , fair point , but i would be highly supportive of any kid who did it , no parent should be able to legally give another person permission to use violence against their child . 
  surely it 's justifiable self defense ? 
  i would raise my child to defend themselves from violence from any authority figure , so yes i would be proud if they took down a teacher , many times their size , who was beating them with a paddle . 
  a lot of domestic abuse victims , children and adults , do n't recognise it as abuse and will vehemently defend their oppressor , that does n't make it acceptable . 
  i 'm irish , i remember we had a teacher who would hit and kick students all the time until one day one of the dads walked in in the middle of class and hit the teacher hard enough to knock him out , there was no more hitting or kicking after that , 
  serious question from a non american , if a teacher in texas beat a child with a paddle and the child reacted by attacking the teacher and putting them in the hospital , would the child face repercussions ? 
  personally , if my kid did that i would be incredibly proud of them . 
  exactly , do people here really believe that the cia and mi5 do n't have operatives in ukraine ? 
   what does the fact of being a member of the un have to do with this ? 
  the eu should have a minimum standard applied to what nations it aligns with , being a member of the un and secular are a good start in my opinion . 
   and , for what it 's worth , the fact of not being a democracy ? 
  is it a requirement to say that a decision supported by the majority of the voters is a bad decision ? 
  of course not , but i would expect more respect for the democratic institutions and processes than the type of statements we are hearing from the vatican leadership, 
  it is coming from a state that is n't democratic or even a member of the un . 
  one of the primary leaders in the vatican called the democratic referendum result in ireland to legalise same sex marriage a failure for humanity , the eu only loses credibility if it excuses such outrageous insults to the democratic principles that underpin the eu . 
  good , hopefully this will pressure the eu into taking a united stance on this once and for all , and who cares what the vatican thinks . 
  a quick look at the largest corporations in france shows you are an idiot : http://www.economywatch.com/companies/forbes-list/france.html, 
  compared to conflicts in south africa , china , iran etc. 
  this map is complete nonsense . 
  who is mexico at war with ? 
  and ireland , we have n't had any real issues since the peace process . 
  why is the usa not included , they are in a constant state of war with somebody !, 
  the germans prosecuted the nazis for war crimes , the rcc resisted all attempts at prosecutions and cooperation with other justice systems . 
  the jokes will get old when these criminals stop protecting child rapists . 
  how does this work if you do n't have an address , can a homeless person go to a voting centre and vote there ? 
  i know , it just always strikes me as odd to hear things like that in the british press when irish and icelandic people seem to always refer to themselves as being european and part of europe . 
  it 's over here as well . 
  well it happened in the usa , so i 'm just concerned that if the eu goes federal it could happen here as well . 
  if it results in a two party system like the usa then no . 
  i think malta holds that record , or is very close to the top, 
  the alps appear to be a lot taller than the pyrenees , is that right or is it just being exaggerated so much ? 
  that 's understandable , but the question was about all non-eu immigrants , are you opposed to skilled , educated immigrants from other countries e.g. 
  norway , australia , canada etc. 
  more worryingly , why are most other countries so against it , the question was asked about non-eu immigrants , that means every country in the world except the eu . 
  exactly , if the uk leave the eu they would become non-eu immigrants . 
  the marbles get returned and are placed in a greek museum where they belong , i do n't see any issue with that . 
  phew , for a second there i thought we had left the eu , 
  how do you know you 're not ? 
  i might be . 
  what age was jesus when he realized he was god the son ? 
   nothing seriously ? 
  you think the usa could just invade and occupy russia with no resistance ? 
  [ russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia#military ) : * the third largest military budget in the world * the second largest exporter of military arms , producing the vast majority of it 's own military equipment indigenously * world 's largest stockpile of nuclear weapons * world 's second largest fleet of ballistic missile submarines * largest tank force in the world * it 's navy and air force are among the largest in the world, 
  the greatest threat to russians is the russian government , and the greatest threat to the americans is the us government . 
   might be the antichrist well technically , if you 're christian , then potentially anybody * might * be the antichrist, 
  ha , my bad , carry on , 
  eh , britain is in europe !, 
  maybe they are concerned that it will cause such a big rise in their gdp that it will raise some serious questions ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu it will still have an uncontrolled land border with the eu in the north of ireland , kind of defeating the purpose of leaving the eu to allow for more control of immigration . 
  any attempt to enforce controls on the border would be counter to the spirit of the good friday agreement and could potentially lead to a breakdown in the northern ireland peace process . 
  have the tories put forward any plans for dealing with this ? 
  it 's all about public perception , and the hsbc scandal is still fresh in peoples minds . 
  hsbc, 
  if all the major corporations actually paid 12.5 % instead of using legal loopholes there would n't be a problem . 
  free trade agreement = / = eu , ukip are proposing free trade agreement similar to nafta . 
  so free movement of goods and services in a shared union , but restricted movement of people !, 
  the free movement of people has been a major factor in the lasting peace and prosperity of western europe , imagine i 'd the usa operated a * merit * system controlling movement if people between states !, 
   you are judged on your ** merit ** , on your skills and record as a person . 
  does not apply to the nobility or wealthy . 
  no , freedom of movement is a core founding principal of the eu , compared to that what ukip are proposing is a class and/or privelige based system . 
  if the uk rejects the free movement of people and leaves the eu , then the other eu countries would be perfectly within their right to expel the british citizens as they would effectively become illegal immigrants . 
  the benefits that are provided to eu citizens in all eu nations would no longer be available to them e.g. 
  right to work , access to healthcare , education grants etc. 
  ah ok , a class/privelige based system like that is completely incompatible with the eu and would indeed require a uk exit from the union . 
  what about northern ireland , if the uk leave the eu they will still have an uncontrolled land border with the eu in ireland ? 
  any attempt to put border controls in place would conflict with the good friday agreement and potentially destabilise peace in ni .
