# 16 for 20gb here in britain . 
  obviously it pays to shop around - but thats 4g on the most developed network . 
  they have done an excellent job with the propaganda and brain washing of the young . 
  lol in theory its sounds like uk pension funds buying shares on the open market could down flights of eu airlines . 
  no wonder people say the eu is pover regulated . 
  there already is one , even the queen has to ask permission to enter the city of london . 
  its a city in a city in a country in a country . 
  the uk is confusing and thats without incluing any of the british isles or dependencies . 
  globalists who control the world - would need to appear on every country bar a couple . 
  they even own the us federal reserve ... well some of it ... 
  offer them a referendum on whether they want a referendum . 
  neo-liberalism has been so shit that we are willing to gamble on absolutely anything else . 
  literally any option that is put on the ballot paper becomes more appealing than the status quo . 
  she 's a unionist and a remain voter . 
  if the snp can show that 50 % + of scots want a referemndum - then she will give them one after brexit . 
  at the moment the polls are suggssting only 35 % of scots want another referendum . 
  putting an arm around me is invading my personal space - i dont like being touched by non-family members . 
  imho / r/unitedkingdom is an echo chamber of under 30 's without much real life experience . 
  maybe i am worng , but the attitudes in there do not refelect what i see in the uk regions - except perhaps my bristol friends . 
  a lot of this generations ee children are being born in western europe as the brain drain of 18-30 's continues from the east . 
  so i believe you are mixing 2 different issues and trying to highlight a correlation . 
  what about your pensions funds ? 
  i was trying to be sarcastic about the eu 's dodgy democratic nature - where they have made referendums be run again when they dont like the result . 
  followed by removing the need for a referendum when they realise it wont get through several countries . 
  lisbon treaty, 
  thats how the eu works ... ... 
  if if that fails change from constitutions to treaties that dont need a ref ... 
  lol , no , there is a seperate eu sub . 
  agreed , i was very pleasently surprised by the quality of the us craft beer scene . 
  imho the craft scene in the us is much much better than the uk . 
  the pubs/bars have a much better selection of ipa 's , american pale ales , golden or amber beer than the uk 's pubs and bars seem to have . 
  man , half our ( uk wide ) jokes start : an englishman , a scotsman and an irishman walk into a bar ... . 
  the remaining half are about sheep ;-), 
  its this sort of shit part of globalisation that caused us to vote brexit . 
  which will probably double down on globalisation ... . 
  where 's the hp sauce ? 
  are they even classed as beer ? 
  sweet that 'll mean we have cherry picked everything we want and are willing to pay for it . 
  otherwise it 'll be less than that once we have had the value of our share of the assets deducted . 
  your decling population and birth rates said otherwise - you had a pension timebomb ticking . 
  your new 1 million germans will help this issue drastically . 
  why would they ? 
  what benefit would they get ? 
  role reversal from ww2 , 
  lol , awesome, 
  ah , yes the progressive left - if you dont agree with their views they will riot , call you names and generally be very unpleasent . 
  what the fuck has happened to the left , when did they start behaving like the far right . 
  very progressive ... ... 
  if you were fed advertising that says it reduces hiv transmission by 50 % - you 'd be tempted to sign up right ? 
  ( it actually does reduce transmission rates in certain scenarios ), 
  well it shouldnt be in a single currency . 
  in fact its needed to have a stable single currency . 
  so why is 80 % of america circumsized ? 
  the us medical industry producing `` health '' scares that mean they get to circumsize for profit . 
  its a disgusting practice as far as i am concerned . 
  in a society where males are circumsized for profit - i am not surpised healthcare isnt cheap . 
  blue ink ran out ? 
  you are not in the eu ? 
  how are you leaving ? 
  it could be considered the the iom has had the relationship with the eu that the uk wants now . 
  cherry picking its cake and eating it . 
  why make the voice mins a minimum 1000 when comparing data plans . 
  very misleading . 
  these days maybe , but loads of evidence from his younger days suggest there are some elements of truth to it . 
  he has previously described hamas and hezbollah his friends . 
  he 's often referred to as a terrorist sympathiser and communist . 
  traditional welsh uses the same system . 
  ( john son of david ), 
  wish that was the case in britain !, 
  low unemployment has been reduced by mass immigration to faux grow gdp yet keeping salaries down to ensure business remain competitive . 
  yet ignoring the infrastructure that this immigration relies on . 
  tony blair i 'm looking at you ... . 
  lol , mongol based dna following the natives migration from northern asia many many moons ago . 
  you are about as indian as a texan . 
  would be fabulous news for the eurozone - which desperately needs to end the fiscal disunity . 
  perhaps this is even phase 1 of proper integration . 
  didnt the european council reject our request to settle this issue early outside exit negoiations months ago . 
  it will now be dealt with by the negoitations - as the articles states it can not be settled by the eu parliament . 
  it was more a turn of phrase . 
  the greeks needed the help of the union - instead they have a lifetime of debt they will never repay . 
  should countries restrict surplus to 3 % to give other countries a chance to reduce their deficit ? 
  it needs to be with its single currency . 
  the currency and inflexibility it gives countries who are struggling is the major problem . 
  then the project is doomed - if the strong areant willing to help the weak . 
  then they need to be kicked out - if they are not embracing the project . 
  but that wouldnt happen - its like benefits claimants who have no intention of working at a national level . 
  most countries would like to `` remove '' them but its not doable . 
  so money needs to be spent on them to bring them upto standard . 
  the single currency union without a stronger political union - its leaves weaker countires unable to defend themselves economically . 
  more fiscal union is required , the stronger states need to subsidise the weaker states to a much larger degree than is currently happening . 
  i believe becoming one country is pretty much the only fix for the eurozone . 
  doh yes indeed . 
  we are a bit touchy about it ;-), 
  denmark doesnt have the writing suggesting the domino has been placed on the other edge . 
  isnt it `` for profit '' due to your medical system setup ? 
  the 18 % protectionist food tariff has allowed spain to have an advantage on food production with the single market . 
  i suspect we could make a deal with similar climate north african countries that are currently shut out of the eu market due to the tariffs . 
  a comformity agreement is all we really need to switch to wto . 
  i guess the eu would like one too as without one i think all trade pretty much stops . 
  if it was an eu sub you may have a point but this is n't it .
