  sure there are orphanages run by nuns , but nuns believe their coverings are only for them , not their kids . 
  3 ) i 'm an atheist , but i 'm supportive of kepping many judeo-christian cultural components in our society . 
  as such , the cross and other such symbols are fine with me . 
   really ? 
  that 's called islamophoby . 
  wan na block arabia saudi and its regime ? 
  great !, 
  but why would you block indonesian or tunisian cititzens ? 
  why not block nk instead ? 
  and myanmar ? 
  and camerun ? 
  and so on ... 
  call it what you want , i do n't really mind to be honest . 
  i 'm not blocking anyone , just making it harder for certain regions . 
  i also never specified which countries would he included . 
  for now it would be the mena countries ( discounting israel and tunisia ) + afghanistan , pakistan , and somalia . 
  i thought the a levels were for high school ? 
  british police are some of the best , if not the best in europe . 
  huh what ? 
  is vat not added to price tags in the us ? 
  is there any discussion about this in politics ? 
  i 'm in shanghai right now and it 's insane how clean it is . 
  there 's street cleaners out and about during the day , sweeping up every single little speck of rubbish . 
  would you say people are more friendly in montenegro than in the us ? 
  americans are always stereotyped to be much friendlier than europeans . 
  visiting belgrade on my interrail trip next summer !, 
  i heard the nightlife is really dope . 
  shall-issue concealed carry for two ( non-fully automatic ) guns . 
  i 've noticed that too . 
  sort of just shuffle away from my dog . 
  but it 's not like he is big or scary . 
  he 's a pug !, 
  there 's two approaches : 1 ) you want to probe relationship with a someone you find that you like . 
  you act genuine . 
  2 ) you want to hook up . 
  you play the ultra-charmer and bullshit a little bit . 
  party tricks work in both cases , but are more potent in the second . 
   i know that many people complain and i ofcourse know from first hand problematic gypsy communities ( kutn\u00e1 hora , chomutov ... ) . 
  yep i 'm one of the chomutov people . 
  i really wish more places were like your village . 
  i want to believe a culture can adapt , but my experiences have been negative 99 % of the time . 
  do you know how they became so integrated ? 
  small correction . 
  ulster unionists are the uup , who 've lost all their seats to the dup , which is the party that actually is the kingmaker atm . 
  we 've been given very good reasons to feel that way, 
  where is this ? 
  i 've never heard from any czech that their local gypsies are tolerable . 
  forgot which network it was that bought the rights to nhl , but i 'm so happy it did even if it means i have to stay awake till after midnight to be able to even watch anything on the east coast . 
  basically only real advice i 'd really give along side the usual precautions one takes anywhere . 
  i think we at least have the virtue of a job market where it 's not difficult for young people to find work . 
  in today 's age , that 's sort of a luxury . 
  to be fair the 1 % is n't so difficult to come by lol, 
  i 've indeed spent hours persuading my mom that stopping by in timisoara for 2-3 days on my interrail trip ( postponed till next year ) would n't be something bad . 
  she kept telling me how when she was there ( obviously this was early 80s ) it was horrible and full of the things you described . 
  closest i 've been was east hungary but i knew you guys have gotten your shit together since and i persisted . 
  so yeah , seen you next year !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality uh ? 
  south korea is leagues ahead of us when it comes to modernisation . 
  in czechia it still feels very post-commie and slow in progress . 
  the irony is we are n't doing much business . 
  startup culture is dire with our stupid tax system and bureaucratic approach to business registration . 
  czech streets seems to have gotten quite a few people to think they can walk up to a random chick in a sidestreet and ask for a blowjob in exchange for cash . 
  this has then bled onto a general stereotype that czech women are easy and sex is not difficult to come by . 
  of course they then get disappointed when they find out 99 % of our women are n't actually pornstars or hookers . 
  hahahaha yup this is too true of romanian stereotypes . 
  i 've encountered far far too many people who think this of you guys . 
  i thought `` fam '' came from scottish-english ? 
  ilinca bacila is beyond cute too, 
  good - college sport - friendliness - church on a sunday ( i 'm an atheist but i still support this ) - bbq - entire entertainment industry - bluegrass & country bad - extremely individualistic - overly religious ( social issues ) - city planning - public services are n't seen positively, 
  what 's up with azerbaijan and israel having such a close relationship ? 
  i read recently that the iron dome technology is being sold to them . 
  norwegian because i 'm blond and blue-eyed but speak danish in a weird accent ? 
  also , turkey . 
  because evidently me saying tjekkiet often comes across as tyrkiet . 
  i 've known some danes for months who still though i was turkish . 
  shuffle is different and originated from melbourne , australia iirc . 
  also , tektonik uses arms instead of legs . 
  shuffle is closer to jumpstyle , which came from germany . 
  both are theorised to have origins in the charleston . 
  just about every language ( including our own ) has a shortened name for us . 
  you have no idea how much i hated saying `` czech republic '' every single fucking time someone asked me where i was from . 
  now i 'm way happier with just saying czechia . 
  i think the story of the czech legion paralleled with the creation of our first republic would be really cool as a miniseries . 
  we had a fucking armoured train and controlled a couple thousand kilometers of the trans siberian railway !, 
  strongly pro-israel . 
  i support the indefinite occupation of palestine too . 
  settlement building not so much . 
  it 's just digging themselves deeper into a hole . 
  they 're not illegal per-se , or legal either , more in a grey area . 
  if i could do magic i 'd give gaza to israel and make a population swap . 
  i agree to the concept of palestine as a state , but they need to get their shit together . 
  world : 94 % in 8:56 us : 100 % in 1:14 europe : 100 % in 1:10 fucking carribean islands, 
  that gun thing sure caused a ruckus tho . 
  german is very useful if you want to live at the border and work in germany . 
  more and more e.g nurses are starting to do this . 
  if we make anschluss with slovakia we could take back the sub-carpathian rus from ukraine as well too lol . 
   poland : people from here can be very conservative , which is rather unfortunate  czech republic : see above czechs are certainly nowhere near as conservative as poles . 
  we 're probably on the level for east germany when it comes to social issues . 
  we would never have issues with things like birth control over here . 
  if you live around charlottenlund/gentofte/hellerup you 'll see the filipino nannies every single day .
