  i 'm hoping our planned high-speed railways will actually become a thing soon . 
  it would do so much for the housing situation for people to be able to e.g work in prague but live in plze\u0148 . 
  it 's pretty easy to get a job in czechia in it even if you only speak english . 
  companies are crying out for employees . 
  it 's because the finnish put them into camps in central finland where there it gets rather cold and there 's only forests and barren fields for miles and miles around . 
  will never happen . 
  turkey is getting worse by the day , and it would wield far too much influence with its massive population . 
  even the entire caucasus will join before turkey will . 
  at the very least , we are n't facing as big of a brain drain problem as our neighbours are . 
  food prices are n't far apart anymore . 
  my uncle lives in a border town and drives to germany to buy groceries because it 's better quality for essentially the same price , and he 's not a wealthy guy by any means . 
  my dad actually lives there . 
  he does n't give a shit about weather or temperature though . 
  he just wishes the mountains were a bit closer . 
  czechoslovak legion comfortably controlled a couple thousand kilometers of the transsiberian railway , and won a naval battle at lake baikal ... for whatever that 's worth . 
  eli5 what 's the difference between armenia 's church and everyone else 's ? 
  actually the film ends on a note of national shame . 
  there is nothing triumphant about it . 
  two soldiers receive blankets from a man and then one of them says `` he would n't even look us in the eyes . ', 
  unfortunately in the wrong direction lol, 
  i liked the movie overall , but it did seem a bit dismissive towards the french . 
  i would 've personally given the land story to a frenchman fighting to halt the advancing germans . 
  the brit guy was n't doing much the majority of the movie anyway and the lack of extras around him really took away from the weight of the film . 
  not the first time . 
  chomutov had problems with this in years prior . 
  it 's really awful . 
  saw the estonian dark fairytale/horror film november at a film festival a few weeks ago . 
  it 's really beautiful and grim at the same time , and quite educative when it comes to estonian folklore . 
  how do you do it ? 
  do you guys have a strong benefits system ? 
  i 'm envious !, 
  montenegro will be by 2020 and serbia max 2025 . 
  i 'd like them to , but they come off as a russian trojan horse . 
  it 's like 60 euro no ? 
  i 'm expecting to see some snarky comment saying georgia is n't in europe , so i 'm writing this comment as a deterrent . 
  i 'd love for that to happen , but we need a serious overhaul of our parental benefits system then . 
  i see you 're lebanese . 
  nice failure of a country you have there . 
  i 'd actually like to make it easier for ukrainians to come work in czechia . 
  we are desperate for labour . 
  i firmly believe the balkan states will come around by the end of the next decade . 
  montenegro by 2020 i predict and serbia earlier than 2025 , likely 2022 . 
  montenegro has opened 28/33 and while only closed 3 , this has only been going on since 2012 , and will speed up . 
  it is n't bad progress all things considered . 
  i do agree though that moldova and ukraine will he sticky . 
  even georgia has a good chance of getting anywhere before they do , although abkhazia and south ossetia are problematic . 
  say goodbye to your social services then, 
  / r/polandball has had a big effect on the humour here e.g remove kebab, 
  w-w-w-we 're okay !!, 
  would you consider the caucadus countries as being part of europe ? 
  do you think you 're european ? 
  iron curtain will return lol, 
  until we both learn how to make something other than cars i do n't think that will happen . 
  remember that corruption and organised crime are much more prevalent in us and our ex-commie brethren than in other parts of europe . 
  we look like the civilised slavs but a week of news wo n't give you the impression . 
  it 's only in a country like ours that a show like exposit\u016fra could be created in . 
  slavic germans, 
  to be fair , turkey is incredibly integrated into european relations . 
  it 's a member of a vast amount of not only political , but also economic and cultural organisations . 
  council of europe for instance . 
  they can follow us to the sea but they need to stop before we pull out the inflatable mattresses . 
  going by that cypriots are n't european though . 
  moldovans too poor to afford i 'm guessing . 
  gypsies that 's why, 
  i visited miskolc 3 years back and i can not fathom how it 's not safe there at night . 
  it seemed pretty good there . 
  surprised it 's not higher . 
  i feel safe walking around just about everywhere at any time of day ( excluding some sketchy areas like \u00dasteck\u00fd and moravskoslezsk\u00fd kraj and certain train and bus stations ) . 
  then again it 's probably because i know it so well here . 
  i swear there are signs that have the russian writing being twice as large as the czech . 
  disgraceful . 
  azerbaijan just like georgia and armenia are part kf council of europe . 
  kazakhstan is in uefa and a sizeable chunk of it is in geographical europe but otherwise it 's a weird one . 
  european kazakhstan is bigger than the uk . 
  probably does it in bratislava . 
  moldova has gdp per capita on par with ghana and india . 
  let that sink in for a second ... 
  interesting , because half of the ones that came here ran off to germany within a month and another quarter committed crimes . 
  we could n't even read and write back then lol . 
  needed germans to record our own history for us . 
  plz come im getting more scared by the day . 
  we are desperate for labour and the ukrainians are n't coming in fast enough !, 
  average wage is $ 1k . 
  in prague it 's $ 1.5 k. 
  if you work security it average is $ 3.5 k. 
  cost of living is pretty low . 
  you get massive value for money in czechia and jobs are not hard to come by . 
  it 's technically not illegal since neither parties are signatory to the specific geneva convention agreement and the settlements lie in area c aka the parts that are administered by israel . 
  azerbaijan is doing pretty o.k too , considering they are 97 % muslim . 
  just want to point out medical marijuana is legal in czechia , and cultivation is decriminalized for up to five plants . 
  honestly , police do n't really care though . 
  you can generally do whatever you want within reason and they 'll turn the other way . 
  is this good ? 
  does that mean that the forest and the bisons are now safe ? 
  i actually really like it . 
  very informative imo . 
  we had a motherfucking armoured train !, 
  i still do n't know why this story has n't been a topic of greater attention than it is . 
  it 's a pretty incredible story and worthy of a movie or miniseries . 
   the lowest wages were once again recorded in the karlovy vary region : czk 23,807 .
