  it 's not that i am a massive fan , i just do n't like any of the other large parties . 
  ano just has more views in line with my own , despite them being a syncretic party . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ? 
  i do n't want to support ods or a ks\u010cm-\u010cssd coalition . 
  who the fuck would you vote for if you 're so smart ? 
  pre-election mode activated and to be honest , i hope this works, 
  le pen keeps talking about increasing benefits for everyone but does n't actually specify how she will raise the funds . 
  leaving the eu wo n't give you more money to spend on people . 
  it 's clear that only macron has any semblance of understanding high-school level economics . 
  state pays your rent ? 
  how ? 
  it might be more of a scandinavian thing . 
  here in denmark house parties are a big thing but in czechia it really is n't . 
  maybe to do with alcohol prices . 
  holy motherfucker we have 1 % ?!?!, 
  i knew it was low , but not that low . 
  why are n't more houses being built when there is clearly demand for it ? 
  those people living at home have money waiting for pay . 
  the thing is , fathers are entitled to take paternal leave until the child reaches 3 , with the same benefits as the mother ( 70 % of normal wage given by employers ) . 
  this benefit is only paid to one of the parents however . 
  then there is parental allowance which is paid for 28 weeks by govt . 
  only like 2 % of fathers do this though and instead mothers stay at home . 
  i hope some czech can help me out with this because i 'm not 100 % sure i have this right . 
  it 's an overcomplicated system tbh . 
  if it was up to me , i 'd give each parent 18months down the middle . 
  our birth rate increased this year , and hopefully more benefits for families will encourage people to have kids . 
  we already have a pretty bad labour shortage and need people to work . 
  i 'm confident we will recover . 
  i 'm guessing that getting by would probably be the biggest challenge . 
  idk how much english penetration there is ... maybe if you speak some basic russian it could be okay . 
  calling out to a moldovan plz come help us visit u, 
  who are you in favour of if i may ask ? 
  i 'll have a look , thanks . 
  whoops , guess i need to take a closer look . 
  fuck , i guess [ this ] ( http://volebnikalkulacka.cz/ ) was misleading then . 
  i live abroad so i often miss key information when it comes to these things . 
  i was always under the impression that that ano and top09 were the ones pushing eet . 
  as for the euro thing , how likely is it we 're going to adopt it ? 
  i really do n't want to because our bank being flexible with adjusting our currency has been a massive help in making our export competitive . 
  lithuania unlike the us is very infamous for suicides so i think it would inflate their number more than viceversa, 
  since each country compiles their stats differently , i think lithuania 's oddly high amount is due to them including suicides . 
  a really hilarious thing about the stats is that due to a single murder , montserrat has a per capita homicide rate higher than that of puerto rico , guyana , and south sudan among others . 
  saint pierre and miquelon also has just one , and it ranks above mexico haha . 
  singapore seems pretty chilled, 
  i actually support most of their policies , especially bringing back the 2nd pillar pension reform , and keeping eet . 
  they are pro-eu ( though against adopting euro ) and do n't endorse closer ties with russia . 
  i also think they strike a good balance of cutting down useless bureaucracy in government , while expanding it 's reach elsewhere to make sure money wo n't be wasted but oversight is maintained . 
  the only issue is that they are too socially conservative for me . 
  ano-top09-kdu-\u010csl is n't the end of the world though . 
  anything to keep ods and ks\u010cm away from power . 
  i 'll honestly probably end up voting pirate party because i really want them to get at least one seat in government . 
  they are so incredibly important to bringing up issues to modernise our country . 
  edit : polls : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_czech_legislative_election,_2017, 
  they would n't count as unemployed though would they ? 
  nah , skinhead base is usually north-west or silesia i 'd say . 
  places where coal-mining jobs have disappeared slowly and have large roma communities . 
  i hope our labour shortages wo n't bite us in the ass . 
  we ca n't rely on ukrainians to plug in holes forever . 
  leaving eu will sign the death warrant for greece . 
  while entering the eurozone was n't the best thing in the first place , it 's done now and backing out has disastrous consequences . 
  imagine what would happen if you returned to the drachma . 
  inflation would be off the charts and you 'd end up like argentina where people 's wages change every week because the currency is so unstable . 
  greek economy would lose all access to loans , meaning any money to kickstart to economy would be unavailable . 
  you 're stuck between a rock and a hard place , but what 's important is not to rock the boat and go down the path that argentina has already demonstrated is catastrophic . 
  there is a a chance turkey 's descent into madness might help you . 
  tourists who used to go to turkey will now go to you guys and educated turks with money could secure some investment too . 
  greece will get better , just give it time . 
  not next year , or the year after that , but i 'd say in 5-10 years you 'll see visible improvement . 
  what 's up with cyprus ? 
  just a small exaggeration  there 's this amazing word in welsh called `` hiraeth '' which means homesickness for a home you ca n't return to or never existed in the first place . 
  i think it 's pretty applicable haha . 
  fuck me i thought we escaped this nazi bullshit and it was n't actually something real that expozit\u016fra then dramatised . 
  my polish friend takes such pride in talking to me about how large poland once was . 
  when she 's bored in class she draws maps of europe where poland occupies like a quarter of eastern europe . 
  it 's fucking hilarious , and she gets so triggered whenever i tell her that poland at one point got divided between three empires and did n't exist for nearly two centuries . 
  i love you guys < 3, 
  your mom is boring, 
  - only country in europe to have a medium hdi ( they were behind botswana last year ) - poor as shit - great wine and largest wine cellar in the world - rogue , russian backed separatist region of transnisitra that still had hammer & sickle in their flag and use plastic coins - agriculture - some want to unite with romania some do n't - russia vs eu pull is player in politics - hot women apparently - swap places with belarus every so often for highest alcohol consumption per capita ( i believe it was at 17.5 liters per person recently ) - corruption everywhere - rent a port from ukraine - population rapidly in decline - people still travel to russia to work as builders - everyone whose been to chisinau tells me it 's shit but i still want to go - igor dodon is n't very nice - o-zone !, 
  - saxophone guy - dan balan - that chick who was in a jb video - human trafficking involving women being sold into prostitution i want to visit so bad !!, 
  i think you underestimate the anti islamic/anti arab sentiment in our country though . 
  the mere fact this is ( going to be seen as ) jews vs muslims will sway even people who know zero . 
  i 'd wager that if you were to ask the average czech their preference between israel and palestine ... 90 % would go for israel . 
  i see where you 're coming from , and i think this is largely an ideological clash we are having . 
  do you have any stats which show the nationality of people receiving su ? 
  would a solution such as proof of danish-speaking competency ( at e.g 9 . 
  klasse level ) satisfy you ? 
  that way it is both eu compliant with full benefits for danes , and restricts access to su for the east europeans who you seem to dislike ( no worries i 've encountered the same attitudes before ) . 
  perhaps then only an expanded su-l\u00e5n would be allowed for those who ca n't pass the test . 
  haha czechs call it bor\u0161\u010d which in some ways seems even worse lol, 
  we are . 
  jewish community was established for a long long time here , and us aiding you guys in '48 basically marked the first step of cooperation with our countries . 
  today we 've moved so far along that we even have joint session of governments with you . 
  just have a read , it seems you guys are pretty fond of us too . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_republic%e2%80%93israel_relations e.g  in a united nations general assembly vote on 29 november 2012 , the czech republic was the only european country to vote with israel against upgrading the status of palestine to a `` non-member observer state '' . 
  it also helps we do n't have problems with anti-semitism unlike our ee brethren but also ( like them ) dislike islam . 
  who would you limit the possibility to give su to ? 
  or are you talking about free tuition ? 
  i 'm czech and i 've been living in denmark for 16 years now . 
  i speak danish and all that jazz , but czechia certainly is n't up there with the big boys , nordics , or benelux when it comes to wealth . 
  i 'm so fucking grateful that i have the possibility to get support from the government , as is my polish friend .
