  living without su we might manage , though would have to stay with our parents ( part time job ofc ) but having to pay 75000dkk a year or something for a degree would force us to go back to czechia and poland , basically making everything our parents worked for worthless . 
  jobbik is the anti-semitic one though right ? 
  definitely agree . 
  i 'm baffled anti-semitism is a thing in much of eastern europe . 
  it 's like nazi propaganda never left . 
  you 're so right about them subconscious nature of it . 
  czechia is luckily the exception to this rule . 
  i 'm happy to say that our jewish community feels very safe . 
  georgia is not unique in terms of never persecuting jews . 
  your neighbours the azeris are in the same boat . 
  and i 've never heard of any anti-semitism coming from latin america , and countries like china fucking idolise them . 
  i 'm heavily pro-israeli but this guy keeps pushing my buttons so fucking hard ... 
  yeah albanians are pretty chill religion-wise . 
  they belong in that same pool as bosnians , kosovars , and azeris , of muslims who can be collectively ( hence exclusion of turkey ) trusted to not cause religious bollocks . 
  got ta get some of that colombian dna into our gene-pool for extra sexy ladiez, 
  czechia has shedded a lot of the problems that will plague our ex-commie brethren , but we still have significant corruption in our country . 
  luckily it 's not as bad at the political level , so we can rely on fair elections and freedom of media etc our biggest obstacle with the eu integration thing is just apathy . 
  while not so many czechs are pro eu , not so many are anti eu either . 
  the collective mentality is one of just staying out of people 's business and hoping they stay out of ours . 
  that 's why the gun thing has become such a massive issue recently . 
  it 's not even about the guns really , it 's just we do n't like freedoms being restricted . 
  kicking out germany also makes your collective gdp go down by like 25 % and removes much of the eu funds needed to developed countries such as poland and romania . 
  sweet ( fucking awful actually ) ; cheers for that . 
  interesting ... source ? 
  let them have their little debate . 
  this is half the reason i come to / r/europe, 
  i fucking love it when this shit happens . 
  i 'm still waiting for the polish/ukranian/russian shitstorm on borscht that is way overdue . 
  it 's also fascinating how with all of these nationally/racially/ethnically divisive movies , there is always a major disparity between the sexes . 
  women tend to give on average around 2.5-3 .5 more points to the movie than men . 
  belarus does n't have the same issue like ukraine where there are areas that have a large russian majority . 
  in theory this should prevent separatism . 
  probably because the uk is almost always pretty shit at eurovision . 
  just like germany . 
  watch spotlight for some insight into investigative journalism . 
  it 's pretty cool !, 
  what about azerbaijan ? 
  they seem pretty chill in terms of secularism . 
  my favourite polish joke about czechs is this one ( paraphrased ) : what is it called when twins are born in czechia ? 
   and now laughs each time poland speaks up can confirm . 
  czechs love to make fun of their polish bros. 
  i meant our representatives on the whole as this was referencing the parliament . 
  do you know anything about the procedures and rules involved ? 
  kosher done right involves almost no pain because blood is drained from the brain in under a second . 
   10-30 seconds of pain from a severed neck in kosher the actual amount of pain lasts about a second because the blood pressure in the brain is lowered so rapidly . 
  all kosher issues stem from bad butchers who do n't know what they 're doing and often are n't certified . 
  technically stunning it before killing it is not kosher ... 
  i can only speak for kosher . 
  in theory , a kosher killing is very humane . 
  only a certified shochet is allowed to perform this , and there is a lot of training you have to go through . 
  basically it involves a swift cut through a bunch of veins , arteries , wind-pipes etc in the neck , which leads to instantaneous blood loss ( thus unconsciousness ) due to drop in pressure in the brain . 
  there 's also 5 additional shechita rules that are very strict about how one makes the cut , and also rules surrounding the blade . 
  very , very specfic . 
  i do n't know how closely these are followed in practice though . 
  generally the controversy surrounding it seems to stem from lack of proper shochets performing it , thus leading to lots of pain for the animal . 
  it worked in terms of secularizing azerbaijan pretty well . 
  that 's a 95 % muslim country that has banned the hijab in schools and universities . 
  they also have close ties with israel and according the pew polls , they 're rather chill compared to the middle east . 
  kazakhstan is similar . 
  i 'm already seeing politicians and phone-data companies taking credit for this . 
  yep the ukranians wo n't stop coming forever !, 
  gdp does n't matter lol . 
  per capita it 's sorta poor but it 's so tiny that it does n't really matter and wo n't stretch the eu thin . 
  the jobs that are going to be phased out from steel mills in 20 years are the same ones that have been on the way out for the last 20 years . 
  they 're often low-skilled , manual labour , and today 's youth wo n't be rushing into them . 
  the people most affected at going to be the gen x ` ers who in 20 years are going to be on their pensions soon anyway . 
  also , you said it yourself : it 's just more efficient to automate . 
  more steel in less time is good !, 
  but these changes came pretty slowly and did n't grab us by the balls in an instant . 
  perhaps what i 'm trying to say is that i have a positive outlook towards that future and think that unemployment wo n't skyrocket since many jobs are in natural decline anyway and there will be opportunities in other fields opened up . 
  alright , cool to hear . 
  i suppose you are sort of in a strange position . 
  i personally lump you guys into the definition of europe due to your close relations and primarily because of your membership in the coe . 
  considering czechia , slovakia , and hungary are ranked as pretty awful the the table it must have been a localised trend . 
  at least in czechia , i still think tech and science are primarily seen as a man 's job . 
  i suppose that 's true , though i 'd still say a significant amount of slovaks in czechia continue speaking slovak ( i personally do n't mind since we are bros ) but i just get annoyed when slovaks who do that put that they speak czech on their job application lol . 
  if you read up on the nsdaps 25-point manifesto you 'll see a lot of socialist stuff , e.g large corporations being owned by the government . 
  going to have to pick a lot of trade-partners then . 
  they 'll probably not get bullied into anything though since they 're a massive economy themselves . 
  does asylum-seeker = refugee ? 
  i thought they mean two different things . 
  on a side note , surprised to see so many eritreans considering it 's such a small country and quite far away . 
  titanfall 2 is kinda fun but imo diablo 3 is the one to get . 
  the co-op is so fun and despite the game 's flaws , i love the combat . 
  wait does this mean bulgaria is doing something well ? 
  stupid idea . 
  leads to the kind of forced inefficiency we had under communism . 
  i despise the notion of robot tax . 
  despite all the fear-mongering , we 're so far away from even the most basic , manual jobs being fully automated . 
  even the fucking machines at tesco-express still require like two employees being there at all times since they mess up so quickly . 
  whoa what 's up with georgia doing so well ? 
  i would 've thought being post-ssr things would n't be so easy . 
  ah yes an actual azeri !, 
  quick question : do you consider yourself european or in europe ( whatever subjective meaning that carries ) ? 
  slovaks pretending they know czech lol, 
  we voted 13-2 against . 
  even finland supported it . 
  they 're in the council of europe which does net them the definition of europe , not even speaking about the numerous other european organisations they 're part of . 
  i 'm surprised israel is relatively mediocre in pisa tests . 
  they 're one of the most innovative countries in the world with lots of startups , and jews typically place high value on education .
