  i have no clue, 
  how similar is bulgarian to serbian or croatian ? 
  i 'm czech so the latter two are somewhat undestandable . 
  otherwise it 's fine , i 'm still willing to watch it in bulgarian even if i do n't understand anything . 
  what is the path forward for greece here ? 
  would n't it have been better to declare bankruptcy and work from the bottom up ? 
  the only thing i can think of that greece can benefit now from is tourists choosing to go there instead of turkey . 
  jankovi\u010d and jeremi\u010d seem the most promising anti-corruption and pro-progress candidates right ? 
  vu\u010di\u010d does n't look that bad but rather just like another bureaucrat who will slow down growth . 
  phenomenal write up !, 
  really great that we are covering everything on this sub . 
  will there be a way for people outside of bulgaria to watch it ? 
  my personal hope would be gerb , rb and volya . 
  i really do n't know about united patriots because from the sound of it they want to increase russian influence in bulgaria . 
  do n't you guys also have like the longest wine tunnel and highest alcohol consumption per capita in the world ? 
  to be fair , we 're leading the next highest country in beer consumption by like 30 liters per person . 
  anyone else would have us drag out feet . 
  eli5 : why is it bad soros gives money to causes he believes in ? 
  actually estonia has the most models per capita http://www.pbs.org/pov/girlmodel/infographic-model-fashion-industry/, 
  i hope this goes through . 
  exactly the coalition i wanted . 
  good balance of all sides . 
  hopefully gl will let vvd and cda will keep tight reins on migrants but will let gl go through with some of the focus on green energy . 
  and it 's an eu friendly coalition . 
  a map with caucasus yay !, 
  :( means we ca n't vote for each other, 
  wow those conjugations are almost identical for our equivalents !, 
  k\u00e1zat means to preach , but again , it 's close enough so i 'll get the meaning out of it if i 'm reading . 
  oslovit also means to address . 
  hovor as a noun is talk , but hovo\u0159it means to talk . 
  mluvit is speak but they can be used interchangeably if you 're not too strict . 
  slavic language master race !, 
  check this out http://www.spiked-online.com/free-speech-university-rankings/results#.wnmpnvdwbqa blurred lines have been banned by a good majority of uk universities, 
  interesting . 
  \u0158e\u010d in czech means language/speech/talk so i suppose the serbs and croats are n't too far off . 
  edit : i hate to be whining again but ca n't we also include the caucasus countries in these maps ? 
  i mean they 're members of this sub for heaven 's sake !, 
  i like my romanians . 
  they 're friendly and integrate well . 
  although i do agree it would be better if time was spent making romania itself a better place to live . 
  we want yurop stronk !, 
  ah , sorry nevermind then . 
  it 's just more representative of the average person than a gross aggregate . 
  official reasons are lack of funding iirc . 
  which is weird since moldova came through ( i think ), 
  check out the inequality adjusted version https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi way more accurate, 
  at least you 're not moldova , the only european country under `` medium human development . '', 
  it 's under frigging botswana . 
  i always prefer the inequality-adjusted one more : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi gives a better picture into the life of the average citizen imo, 
  ukraine does n't have greek debt problem however . 
  countries that are poorer than greece such as romania are not dragging the eu down . 
  you 're right about the corruption though . 
  little guarantee the development funds would find their way to their proper destination . 
  it helps croat and czech are pretty mutually intelligible , 
  why do you put albania and macedonia so late ? 
  they 're doing pretty okay in terms of the chapters they need to complete . 
  they 're also small countries so do n't require much to accommodate . 
  georgia will definitely join . 
  they 've signed aa and are working very hard towards stronger eu relations . 
  ukraine and by extension moldova will come around once the russian economy will tank . 
  they 'll open up accession talks then . 
  armenia will also do the same . 
  check out the accession status here though ( large graph in the middle of the page ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_enlargement_of_the_european_union the balkan countries are making significant progress and those chapters get finished relatively quickly . 
  ukraine has a lot of industry tho right ? 
  and population wise it 's not that extreme . 
  35 mil ukrainians should be easier to handle . 
  btw i was surprised to learn recently that georgia was rated 16th in the world for ease of doing business . 
  i 'm czech and i firmly consider myself east european . 
  culturally i definitely feel closer to former commie and slavic countries than e.g austria or germany . 
  weird to see poland so high comparatively to other ee countries . 
  honest question : how would you balance out the consumer friendly practicality of airbnb in a way so it does n't hurt house prices ? 
  it 's often however linked to larger amount of birth defects and breast cancer for the mothers . 
  going too far past 30 is dangerous . 
  what do you think the timeline will be for future expansion ? 
  i think it could be something like this : 2019 : the balkan countries except b&h 2021 : b&h 2023 : ukraine ( war should be over by then ) moldova will follow 2024/2025 : georgia beyond this its impossible to know . 
  iceland & norway are wildcards , switzerland will likely never join , and neither will the micronations . 
  belarus seems to be moving towards europe slowly , but the real question will be how badly russia gets fucked in the next few years , and what will happen with lukashenko . 
  turkey and russia are at a similar position so it 's no point even discussing them . 
  armenia is part of eaeu but they have high public and political support for eu . 
  it 's very russia reliant country , but they very nearly signed the aa . 
  azerbaijan will eventually move towards eu as well , though they have belarus syndrome with their `` democracy . '', 
  i have no idea how any of their issues with armenia will be resolved . 
  that 's everyone right ? 
  i thought this was our biggest : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/89/wenceslausiimap-en.png/220px-wenceslausiimap-en.png we touched both baltic and adriatic at our biggest, 
  idk what it 's with these authoritarian pricks who keep throwing their toys out the pram, 
  unfortunately the only czech ally in this issue is outside the eu . 
  gun laws are really quite fine in cz imo . 
  the test is pretty difficult from what i hear and you need like 90 % on it in order to qualify for concealed carry . 
  we do like to forget about that portion of history . 
  it was about 50k that were killed right ? 
   qualified workers more and more universities today are partnering with businesses in order to make sure graduates gain relevant workplace skills . 
  my sister is an english lit graduate , but she was very attractive to tech giant because she had previous internships at design companies , meaning she had work experience . 
  she got a sales job to do with internet services for banks like barclays , hsbc , rbs etc as her second `` proper '' job in her mid 20s . 
  she had to move to another country for it but it worked out well . 
  she sure as hell did n't know anything about it at first , but got used to it . 
  many people are her workplace were in the same boat : humanities graduates who hunted rigorously for internships . 
  there 's many other job fields that have vacanies , and i 'm not talking about stem . 
  nurses and doctors in particular . 
  dat romanian crescent tho, 
   when going to take a significantly long period of time for this .
