  i like the eu , but i hope my country wo n't bow down to these ridiculous demands . 
  i think you guys will be in front of ukraine in the eu membership queue . 
  actually it weakens her . 
  northern ireland will now be a much bigger issue . 
  dup will demand it . 
  investing in railroad infrastructure is critical to the development of a country . 
  by linking successively smaller towns to each other you greatly increase the rate at which they develop economically , and allow people to search for jobs in a far wider radius . 
  i 'm hoping for a proper high-speed rail in czechia . 
  something like pilsen-prague-brno-ostrava . 
  how is it there ? 
  i hear we have really good vet school in czech . 
  i certainly trust czech vets more than e.g uk ones . 
  wow that 's 3/10 for us !, 
  yeh that 's pretty reasonable . 
  no more tho . 
  we 're still 6th in the world by points . 
  but yeah we 're pretty bad now . 
  trdeln\u00edk i think is what you 're referring to, 
  samot\u00e1\u0159i and divok\u00e9 v\u010dely are about the last good czech movies i recall . 
  even \u017delary was imo a weak attempt . 
  glory days of \u0160vankmajer , forman , and czech new wave are long gone . 
  are poland and latvia cheaper for alcohol ? 
  beer is just a way of life here . 
  i 've had entire weeks where i go by on 4 pints a day . 
  it 's tough not to when it 's so cheap for everyone . 
  other countries the going-out culture really suffers due to comparatively expensive alcohol , but in czech even the locals do n't need to stay at home to pre-drink . 
   they are quite fit and sporty . 
  rollerblading is still alive and well here . 
  parks are full of people doing sporty stuff . 
  from tight rope walking , tai chi , bull whip cracking and sword fighting , to your regular football , biking , tennis , jogging , etc. 
  i 've never thought of us as a fit nation . 
  on the contrary i think czech obesity and overweight rates are like 3rd highest in europe . 
  going to the gym is a lot more expensive relative to purchasing power in czechia than e.g denmark . 
  obligatory comment `` jakubmarian.com seems like an odd destination for north africans ... '', 
  fucking ks\u010cm voters ... 
  if you 're in it working for a security company that is surprisingly within reach . 
  we even have joint session of governments with each other . 
  i 'm also nearly certain we are the only country in the un to have voted with israel on every single issue . 
  the only european country to vote against the recognition of palestine as an observer state for example . 
  we 're pretty safe i think . 
  there 's like a 30-liter gap between us and the austrians . 
  can we replace the middle eastern refugees with ukrainians instead , please ? 
  if eu/europe would have some sort of a film capital ala hollywood , where would it be located would you think ? 
  i see the last one now , lacking an '' \u00ed '' made it more difficult . 
  yeah the 3rd one is kinda neither here nor there . 
  not an issue in terms of getting the gist , just that it 's quite slippery . 
  first 2 are still quite far tho . 
  cheers for the help !, 
  ca n't we exchange them for some venezuelans or something ? 
  even christian africans are better . 
  i got about 95 % of it . 
  some words to elude me though : - koristaj\u0173t ( is this like `` konstatuju '' ? ), 
  - nadyhala - difference between `` shodna '' and `` srodna '' - staroc\u0155kovnoslovjanski ( olden - ( something ) - slavic, 
  do we really have a ban on commie symbols ? 
  wikipedia says this : `` in 2005 , there was a petition in czech republic to ban the promotion of communism and in 2007 , there was a proposed amendment to the law to ban communist symbols . 
  both attempts failed . '', 
  czech problem is currently a labor shortage . 
  we do n't have enough ukranians coming in to fill all the empty jobs and there 's a threat of our economy slowing down . 
  oh i see ... thanks !, 
  seems like it can be the cause of disputes between parents though ... do people sometimes opt for both ? 
  oh god yes . 
  czech tv has reruns of it all the time . 
   - poles are one of biggest miniority here . 
  3 % of whole population are polish immigrants of course it has to be you guys lol, 
  piggybacking to get a question out : as a nordic country , i 'm expecting iceland to be quite strongly feminist . 
  how do women feel about the patronymic naming system ? 
  you guys speaking from experience ? 
  chile , argentina , and uruguay are about on par with us though . 
  little reason for them to move ... well except argentina with their eternal inflation problems . 
  i think something like middle-class brazilians fleeing crime , or colombians looking for a better life would be more realistic . 
  czechia i believe is the only eu country where they are still surgically castrated . 
  both really . 
  american companies shift production to us --  jobs for people & money for management . 
  would n't europe be the main benefactor of ttip at the us expense ? 
  we have much lower labor costs than them . 
  with a little fine-tuning , this could be amazing for east european countries . 
  fuck i only just got that song out of my head and now i 'm going to be hearing it again for another 8 hours, 
  do you guys have a venue ? 
  that 's basically the biggest expense . 
  a few countries had to build a new one ( iirc azerbaijan ) because it needs to be really big . 
  hosting eurovision would 've probably bankrupted moldova anyway, 
  georgia had a weird indie rock thing either last or before last year, 
  naga is back in the meta ? 
  romania was my favourite . 
  loved everything about it . 
  i 'll sing it for the entirely of next week . 
  why are americans campaigning for europe ? 
  i like you, 
  https://youtu.be/pdgnc-qkb3s azerbaijan especially, 
  uk would join belarus and the vatican as the only european countries not in the coe . 
  great company . 
  the caucasus countries take it extremely seriously . 
  azerbaijan is a fake democracy and they still got into council of europe, 
  that 's all true . 
  i just wanted to point out that shitting on ireland for their low corporate tax is unfair . 
  there 's a difference between low taxes and tax loopholes . 
  it 's the latter that should he criticised . 
  they have some sort of criteria and then they vote on it . 
  it 's really quite a shame . 
  especially because i do n't see any other way it would be resolved unless georgia joins nato or russia goes broke .
