  i think there 's a common perpection that going to an east european uni will set you back in life and make you subject to being underpaid as western employers will see your credentials and think they can get away with it . 
  i have no idea how true that is but it 's certainly a common sentiment . 
  too many regional differences in economy , society , laws etc. 
  the us does n't have such wild differences . 
  the recent firearms directive is an example of exactly what i fear with a single europe . 
  sometimes exceptions are granted , like snus in sweden , but mostly smaller and less important countries would get shafted . 
  alternative facts !, 
  in all seriousness , i actually took the liberty of counting this up . 
  if we take it at face value , the record stands at 14-7 for you . 
  ( did n't tally '68 or treaties/indecisive wars ) however . 
  there are cases that look very fishy . 
  e.g the six bohemian raids on poland 1131-1134 are counted only as one win , while three of boleslaw iii wrymouth 's raids in 1109-1114 are also counted as one win . 
  this means we are n't counted evenly . 
  there 's also loads of cases where we were fighting with the aid of someone else . 
  for the purposes of this debate , i will only count battles that involve solely our own countries , except in 1 ) where a multiple alliance loses to a single country ( this means if you win a war with hre on your side vs us i 'm not counting it , but if we won , it would but it applies both ways so do n't worry ) 2 ) two belligerents on each side 3 ) sides with more belligerents loses i will also try my best to count these raids separately . 
  i also discounted civil wars since there was a case or two where we fought alongside one pole vs another pole that had hungary . 
  this being said ... drum roll please ... the result of czechia versus poland is ... . . 14-12 for you guys motherfucker, 
  - czech - english - danish - german, 
  ryanair has the best excuse for being so awful to fly with . 
  i 'm tempted to call them my favourite airline since all my trips are around europe anyway , and they 're stupidly cheap . 
  as long as i can sleep or read a book in the plane with alright leg room , it 's fine for no more than 3 hours . 
  i blame the fucking austrians for losing that shit for us . 
  like seriously what the fuck ??? 
  we rekt you guys most of the time . 
  the only period where you controlled our territories was after the brief transition to the jagellonian rule . 
  would 've been smart to buy a place a couple months back, 
  it 's pretty tough . 
  slovakia is n't allowed to be our rival because they 're automatically worse than us . 
  poland is poland , so that leaves germany and austria . 
  germany is way too out of our league , and austria is like 80 % of everything we wish we were . 
  i 've seen three sikhs in czechia . 
  two were at the airport , and the third was in front of a pennymarket in chomutov . 
  oh god i 'm already getting nightmarish flashbacks of this bollocks, 
  we love each other , thought czechs tend to look down slightly on them in private because it makes us feel better about ourselves . 
  i 'm expecting frankfurt and dublin to profit big off of banks moving staff from london . 
  warsaw should also be quite interesting . 
  not good . 
  we need to encourage couples to stay together . 
  marriage is much more of a binding contract . 
  otherwise , we could end up with a situation with a lot of single-parent households , which are often linked to worse socioeconomic outcomes for the kids . 
  pervitin is pretty big in czechia . 
  we are the largest producers of amphetamines in europe i believe . 
  gram is 40eur iirc . 
  marriage benefits are a highly useful tool though to influence demographic change . 
  benefits derived from marriage encourage people to settle down and have kids -  boost birthrates . 
  czechs would never accept that lol, 
  non-european immigration is just a bandage on a bleeding wound . 
  we need to encourage policies that will incentivise people to have two kids . 
  child benefits will be given a multiplier for the 2nd kid . 
  naturally , this would only apply to eu nationals ( + those from select countries such as the usa and australia ) . 
  we need to make sure each parent receives 18months of paid parental leave and set up affordable day care centers . 
  next , we need to start building more housing asap . 
  encourage people to settle down and have kids . 
  it 's going to be tough , but honestly , this is one of the biggest time bombs europe is facing . 
  i know czech , english , danish , and german . 
  understanding : slovak and polish , are pretty easy ( the former is a piece of cake even for fully blown conversations ) , and i can manage some slovenian too . 
  for croat i 'll be able to read sign posters and basic tourist stuff . 
  i was surprised at how many words and phrases it shares with czech . 
  dutch i can read o.k but ca n't understand spoken for shit . 
  austrian and swiss german goes without saying . 
  norwegian and swedish are alright . 
  again , reading is a lot easier due to accents , but i 'd still feel decently comfortable . 
  argentina probably, 
  15g i believe . 
  heroin is 1.5 g lol, 
  can you please explain why ? 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen anyone in there argue against it . 
  i thought switzerland had a private system ? 
  i 'm guessing everyone agrees that gay marriage should be legal ? 
  sips when i was young for ceremonial occasions . 
  at 12 i had a can of beer . 
  bits of wine here and there ( under parental supervision ) 14-15 started having beer at dinner regularly . 
  16 got drunk rly bad cuz i mixed a bunch of shit . 
  are you actually from burundi may i ask ? 
  sushi, 
  poland was the only country in eu whose gdp did not decrease during the crisis . 
  uh m8 https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/bl%c3%adzk%c3%bd_v%c3%bdchod you literally had to click one hyperlink to get to the actual article . 
  god i got so angry when that bullshit got passed . 
  stupid bolshevik bollocks why the fuck do we still have people who vote ks\u010cm . 
  i 'm way too pissed over this . 
  i do n't think the average czech even knows it happened . 
  it 's obviously an extremely sad event , but unfortunately turkey will always deny it . 
  considering that gun violence in czechia is almost non-existent ... i would n't support it in my country . 
  if some countries want to impose this ban , they should do it themselves and not force us to comply . 
  i 'm also not a fan of landing another blow to our already weakening weapons industry and taking away jobs from people . 
  i hope our lawsuit will go through . 
  finland has even higher taxes on alcohol than sweden . 
  it was a pretty regular can czech lager iirc . 
  cheap beer . 
  my dad currently lives in finland and seeing $ 6 for 300ml at restaurants is painful . 
  even $ 2.50 for a can in the supermarkets is insanity . 
  even the azeris ? 
  i know many of these only by virtue of reading the assassin 's creed novels in 6th grade . 
  they decided to have select words in italian but with a dictionary included in the last few pages . 
  fun times . 
  ca n't tell if serious or not but i had a good laugh . 
  i love our overly-catholic slavic bros < 3 ( no but really napoleon was corsican ), 
  we have lots of them in czechia , slovakia , poland , and hungary too . 
  i used the term because i do n't hear people from western europe bitching about them as much as i do from the ex-commie countries .
