  huh ? 
  i would 've thought somewhere in \u00dasteck\u00fd or moravskoslezsk\u00fd kraj would 've been the lowest . 
  i mean karlovy vary is pretty affluent by comparison to something like ostrava , opava , most , chomutov etc. 
  or is this because of russians ? 
  this makes bulgaria the only eastern balkans country ? 
  except both georgia and armenia are included but azerbaijan is n't ? 
  what 's the reason behind luxembourg being relatively cheap ? 
  in the christian sense of the word that most of europe is built on it was . 
  for all the crying our politicians and press are making , guns really are n't a big deal over here . 
  it 's just people who 've never cared about guns suddenly feel compelled to do so . 
  thing is we do n't have any muslim migrants . 
  nearly all of our migrants are pretty decent and hard working . 
  ukrainians and vietnamese certainly contribute positive to out society and integrate well . 
  czechs just have this superiority complex about them when it comes to our fellow slavs and a tentative distrust towards anything outside europe . 
   also russia has very decent relationships with azer does it though ? 
  russia is allied with armenia and supply them weapons against azerbaijan . 
  the azeris are cautious at the very least . 
  but yeh , it 's a pickle either way . 
   i would take kofola just to support our brand literally only reason i drink it, 
  awesome !, 
  can you also please give a lightning fast rundown of the parties and their ideologies ? 
  taiwan is honest the country we should be courting , not china . 
  we have far deeper ties with them and more of their companies have factories here . 
  there 's 3 options : a ) pipeline from azerbaijan . 
  issue is that it would go through turkey . 
  b ) extend morocco 's pipeline from nigeria . 
  issue is that it goes through unsafe areas that are n't guaranteed to be secured . 
  c ) make that israel-cyprus pipeline . 
  issue is that it would he very expensive . 
  i think we just have to accept that we are closer to our slavic brethren in ee than a country like austria . 
  communism put us collectively like 20 years behind . 
  oh i did n't mean migrants . 
  i was continuing the line of thought by the original comment in that european fertility rates are what need to be boosted . 
  we ca n't rely on external migrants precisely for the reasons you mentioned ( thanks for the study ) !, 
  far too many left winger think that mena unskilled labour is what we need . 
  edit : does the graph say ee workers are less of a drain than we workers ? 
  we need to streamline our stupid tax system and make the path easier for startups to form . 
  business registration is unnecessarily complicated . 
  unfortunately we need to somehow also avoid the issue of tax evasion which i think will get worse if we change eet too much . 
  i 'd say he 's closer to the commie end of the spectrum . 
  he 's definitely more conservative than most of \u010cssd . 
  what would be your strongest argument for why we ( an export and manufacturing based economy ) should adopt the euro ? 
  our central bank has loosened it 's grip in the last few months . 
  it 's strengthened by around 10 % in the process and increasing slowly . 
  eegh . 
  i 'm not in favour of it for at least the next 5 years . 
  we need to lessen our reliance on exporting automotive stuff first . 
  we really need to be able to manipulate our currency in order to safeguard our economy . 
   that 's because the population is also more ** everything-sceptic ** than slovak population . 
  ftfy czech people distrust everyone and everything . 
  except babi\u0161 for some reason . 
  shit . 
  this rings too close to home ... why is it always our tourists that are doing stupid shit ?? 
  i do n't know if you 're being sarcastic or not but but 5/7 of them are member of the council of europe and thus arguably can be considered european . 
  what about people to pay taxes ? 
  is there one being held in e.g izmir ? 
  look at the other ee countries though . 
  low birthrates and migrating population are rampant . 
  russia surely has the same issues right ? 
  i would 've thought russia is hemorrhaging people . 
  how come it 's almost breaking even ? 
  what 's the average wage like for a young person fresh out of uni ? 
  my mother is from chomutov and my father from prague . 
  i 've never heard anyone in my family say slune\u010dko . 
  i must come across as retarded because i 've always said beru\u0161ka and never realised slune\u010dko was actually the common term . 
  palestinians are n't israeli citizens and thus are n't entitled to the same rights . 
  furthermore , their life is nothing like black south africans under apartheid . 
  not even comparable . 
   only mentioned that some chant death to america death to israel . 
  well thats a bummer . 
  yes it 's ok to ally with someone who wishes death upon our most powerful ally and the only democracy in the middle east, 
  would it be possible to make ones for the non-eu european nations ? 
  i suspect it 's due to our near nonexistent muslim population . 
  aaah . 
  cheers for explanation . 
  i think belarus would be pretty isis-free, 
  i speak german but not french . 
  if i come to luxembourg , can i still order in a restaurant in german ? 
  translate tells me blueberry ? 
  am i missing a joke here ? 
  serbian really does n't seem too far from czech . 
  i understand croatian pretty ok ( written more than spoken ) so you guys should be a stone 's throw away . 
  serbia is like a trojan horse carrying russia into our bellies . 
  makes me happy . 
  turkey plz do n't turn into middle east . 
  i rly like your country and would be so sad if erdogan did any more damage . 
  problem is that klaus is a retard eurosceptic . 
  those visa policies existed because of gypsies tho . 
  they started flocking in after visas were removed and canada just could n't handle the parasites . 
  azerbaijan has banned the hijab in schools and universities iirc, 
  til we 're doing something innovative . 
  never would 've thought we are on the same level as estonia since our startup culture definitely is n't as vibrant . 
  hopefully soon on their way to plug in the 150.000 vacant work places in czechia . 
  czechs are n't euro-sceptic . 
  we 're everything-sceptic . 
  anything to do with authority or regulation is deeply mistrusted . 
  i think we 're a very libertarian society that does n't really realise it . 
  if we lose the firearms directive court appeal , i can already see the headlines : `` eu is restricting basic freedom of czech citizens '', 
  kazakhstan is being funky recently though, 
  elections are coming up in czechia ... good time to add some fuel to the fire for our politicians .
