  the recent cologne march against terror is a good example of who really represents the community . 
  i was going to respond , but when you start attacking my sources with accusations like that , i 'm trending towards giving up . 
  pew is one of the most well regarded organisations for polling , and is known for being non-partisan . 
  also , please actually read up on what sharia law is . 
  having as system where one male testimony is equal to two female should give enough of an introduction to you to find out who sort of bullshit it is . 
  the main difference between the 10 commandments and sharia law is that no country in the world uses the 10 commandments as the basis for its justice system . 
  in theory i agree with you about people being able to wear whatever they want . 
  however , with the rise in islamic believers in europe and the consequences that stem from it , i think it 's time to take action and curb such behaviors . 
  is n't there something off putting about a man being able to wear what he wants but his wife needs to conceal herself from the world ? 
  i will reiterate my point about the dress being antisocial . 
  if you ca n't see someone 's face whole you 're talking to them , or while they 're in public , it puts a barrier between you and will most likely only lead them to being isolated . 
  the whole notion of a niqab/burqa is absurd to begin with and deeply misogynist . 
  i 'm not quite sure it is a woman 's choice . 
  those who wear the coverings often come from highly religious families who put pressure on them because `` it 's the right thing to do for a muslim woman . '', 
  i can not see someone willingly distancing themselves from the world . 
  imagine if you went about on the street wearing a balaclava . 
  how would it affect your life ?!, 
  lastly , wearing the burqa/niqab is tied to vitamin d deficiency due to lack of exposure to sun . 
  it 's a pretty well documented problem . 
   finally , there is no way that your comment about ` attracting the wrong type of people ' is n't islamophobic as you are referring in doing so to almost all practicing muslim women . 
  i admit it probably is , and i wo n't shy away from it . 
  if i am islamophobic , then that will be the car . 
  you guys had ingmar bergman tho . 
  uhhhhh so hard !, 
  it would either be a \u0160vankmajer or a czech new wave film . 
  i love samot\u00e1\u0159i and divok\u00e9 v\u010dely but it really takes a czech to get them . 
  my vote would probably be either daisies , valerie and her week of wonders , or mark\u00e9ta lazarov\u00e1 . 
  marriage entitles you to certain benefits that should only be given to monogamous couples . 
  these benefits would be expanded under my government because we need to boost birthrates and make it easier to couples to settle down and buy property . 
  firstly , christianity in the us is very different than europe . 
  i have a massively different attitude towards american christianity . 
  secondly , the kkk is neither an issue in europe nor is it around today in noticeable numbers nor impact . 
  it 's not something relevant you need to legislate against . 
  in a perfect world , you can wear whatever the fuck you want . 
  in the real world , we need policy based on what we need , and what we need is to quell islam . 
   majority shareholder is the czech government , owning 70 % of shares while \u010cez does have its issues , i 'm generally of the opinion that it 's well run and functions as intended . 
  czechia functions rather well in relation to energy ( it would function even better if austria did n't stop annoying us over any planned expansion of one of our nuclear power stations ) . 
  corruption is something that 's not uncommon in czechia so anything related to that i attribute to failure of my country as a whole rather than its state-run nature . 
  offtopic : internet is for some reason a billion times better at my grandmas house in chomutov ( small town in poor north-west czdchia ) than it is at my dad 's in prague suburbs . 
  aside from security reasons that were mentioned by the user below you : 1 ) discourage the wrong kind of people from moving into the country 2 ) put pressure on communities to reform . 
  together will schemes to empower muslim women ( whole programme about this ) , and provide quality education in schools , we will create change in the muslim community . 
  3 ) send a signal that we are n't tolerating antisocial behaviour . 
  wearing balaclavas is already heavily restricted . 
  similar face-coverings should go the same way . 
   i 'd agree with banning the face-veil for security reasons , but you 're not tackling extremism you 're tackling a symptom of it . 
  if you wan na counter extremism you need to ban foreign funding for mosques and do something about losers like anjem choudary who go around spewing hate . 
  good points . 
  this was meant to be included under government monitoring of mosques . 
  i 'd probably bar funding from certain countries too . 
  of course they can create a shell and funnel money that way , but if we also remove the hate preachers themselves the money wo n't really be going towards anything . 
  hate speech that directly advocates for violence is a no-no from anyone . 
  jail time for the loser or deportation . 
  sorry that might be my mistake . 
  i was under the impression tunisia was one of the more secular and peaceful muslim countries . 
  i 'll have to double check that . 
  an arab muslim citizen of israel seems like a person who accepts the existence of a jewish state . 
  this is a pretty good signal to me and quells fears of anti-semitism . 
  ex-muslim to me indicates that they 've renounced their faith and have distanced themselves from a negative culture . 
  a-okay with me . 
  christians are fine too . 
  obviously the only thing this means is that they wo n't be discriminated against in the immigration process . 
  they do n't get priority over their peers . 
   nationalizing internet providers sounds like it will result in much slower speeds . 
  competition forces isps to offer faster internet , so that users pick them over another company . 
  plus it would make it really easy for the government to censure the internet and blacklist websites they do n't like . 
  and let 's not forget about being able to collect literally all of your data and monitor everything you do . 
  in theory you are correct and i 'm always for free market answers when they are available . 
  however , my argument comes on two fronts : 1 ) internet is a basic commodity like electricity and water by now . 
  as such the government should be in charge of it 2 ) isps are n't doing enough to actually provide good internet in most countries . 
  speeds are suboptimal , unreliable , and their strength varies far too much from location to location . 
  this is because none of them are willing to invest into actually providing better service since there is a sort of mutual hesitance . 
  fiber optic cabling will only arrive once someone decides to invest into the infrastructure to provide it . 
  there would definitely be a ministry of informatics in charge of this through a state owned company . 
  digitisation of government services would be part of this push as well . 
  onto your other points :  censorship my instinct was to reply to you with saying that this is set in a european country . 
  then i remembered bollocks like the uk and i see where you 're coming from . 
  my response is that this would only be as part of my greater overall political plan and i would n't vote for it unless i had total confidence in the government . 
   data collection i 've still to hear a firm argument against this , or maybe it 's because i do n't understand it myself . 
  do n't intelligence services already monitor us for phrases related to bombs or planning terror ? 
  perhaps there should be a state-owned internet company to provide proper competition , as well as actually set up fiber optic cables ? 
  this way you have other choices and do n't suffer any potential negatives . 
   i do n't really disagree , but points 1-4 in the far-right component would lead to heightened tensions between muslims and non-muslims and would only worsen the threat of terrorism . 
  how do you reconcile that ? 
  very valid concern to which i do n't have a rock solid answer . 
  basically what i want is for there to be more direct involvement from the state in terms of religious control and hope that the children of muslim parents will grow up taking on the minimum amount of negative influence from their culture . 
  if we get the youth on our side , things will be easier . 
  i already believe in the state taking on more responsibility in terms of creating good citizens at the educational level , so this would be among a series of sweeping changes to the schooling system called the `` second home act . '', 
  again , if they do n't like it , they can get out . 
  the mechanics of deportation is probably the hardest piece of the puzzle . 
  we 're not like australia where we can stick people into detention centres on a random island for a bit . 
  a couple european countries already have similar policies , some of them are even majority muslim ( kosovo and azerbaijan spring to mind ) . 
  edit : i forgot one thing when we take in new immigrants , we must make sure that we do n't create ghettos . 
  we do this through dispersing muslims throughout different communities and thus absorbing them into their neighbourhoods . 
  it makes them more subject to our cultural influence . 
  there would be a certain scheme when it comes to allocating these people to different places . 
   do you defend banning nuns and priests wearables too ? 
  and cristian crosses ? 
  and well , all the similar things that we consider okay 1 ) there 's is n't a problem with radical christians in europe 2 ) nuns and priests are not `` regular '' people . 
  if you 're a clerical person , you live a completely different lifestyle . 
  you 're not raising children in your household and teaching them to adhere to your principles .
