  they 're members of many important european organisations and have close ties to us historically and culturally . 
  the geographical argument makes no sense because going by that cyprus is n't in europe , which no one would agree with . 
  saw rammstein in may in helsinki . 
  best . 
  concert . 
  ever !, 
  what 's the average wage like in moscow ? 
  stupid ideas , stupid cause , generally harmful people who destroy property and radicalise moderates who are sick of their bullshit . 
  i 'd ship them all to moscow if i could but i 'm half convinced putin secretly funds them to cause havoc . 
  til there are gypsies in turkey, 
  untergang is probably my favourite german movie . 
  dogtooth would be my answer if i was greek . 
  yorgos lanthimos is a genius . 
  really difficult choice ... i 'd probably go with [ valerie ] ( http://imdb.com/title/tt0066516/ ) and her week of wonders . 
  most of our best movies come from the czech new wave in the 60s to early 70s . 
  considering that according to pornhub we are # 2 in per capita porn production ... i 'd say vibrant is an appropriate term . 
  it would be even better if the industry bothered to properly pay taxes . 
  edit : haha i see it now . 
  see my above comment, 
  have n't heard of any cases with poles ... i 'll give you guys benefit of the doubt, 
  there was a report on it on \u010ct24 a year or so ago where they interviewed a couple of the affected women , but i 've also come across it a handful of times in newspapers . 
  every so often it pops up again . 
  i have a feeling that many germans are among those foreigners ... 
  i want to apologize :( it 's brits and danes too so do n't worry haha  i 'm not even sure where it comes from our vibrant adult entertainment industry somehow manages to convince people that czech streets is real life  the boys talked all kinds of shit about how they were going to get so many prostitutes ... ( hint : they did n't - they just got drunk in their hotel rooms . ), 
  in all honestly they were probably in the vicinity of half a dozen or so strip clubs , though they 'd certainly get ripped off . 
  i hear setting up a business in estonia is easier than almost anywhere else in europe . 
  how true is this ? 
   btw : when you think about olympic swimming-team ; how do you picture them in your head . 
  completely different issue , just like how cyclists shave their legs . 
  swimmers shave/wax because according to physics it decreases resistance in water . 
  you guys pour water instead of using whips tho no ? 
  oak ? 
  i swear i 've only ever woven them out of willow . 
  women getting approached in the city streets in broad daylight by foreigners and being asked if they 'd give a blowjob for a couple hundred czk . 
  it must take place on the streets or in an office tho !, 
  english , danish , and german . 
  i also did annual exams at a czech school ( completed both primary and middle this way ) so i had to learn czech . 
  by far the hardest . 
   29.000 m2 what ? 
  i 've been to the bilkas in ishoj and hundige and they are certainly not that big . 
  the largest tesco in the uk is 17.230 m2 . 
  it 's still really small . 
  it 's like a third of the size of a tesco . 
  the closest was that metro next to fidketorvet but that one closed down ( and was a wholesaler anyway ) . 
   only thing i do n't like here is czech republic may have the worst supermarkets in all of europe in what way ? 
  imo denmark is wayy worse . 
  there are no large supermarkets like globus or tesco , and unlike say finland , the selection is garbage . 
  europe : homeland ftw !, 
  na : canada sa : argentina i guess africa : mauritius asia : israel oceania : new zealand, 
  good man . 
  not if we anschluss you first , 
  i guess it might have been important for the volhynic czechs who thanks to it were closer to home ... or something, 
  has anyone ever checked your id when buying beer ? 
  in my experience , i 've regularly bought beer at the ages of 16-17 without ever being checked , both in stores and pubs . 
  chinese beer is usually around that mark . 
  it tastes like crappy corona generally , which in itself is already quite crappy . 
  we could also count podkarpatsk\u00e1 rus if we want to be really thorough . 
  almost exclusively dota 2 even though i waste money during steam sales on other stuff . 
  i 'm still uncertain who i 'll vote for in the upcoming elections . 
  it 's bad that i live abroad so i always feel one step behind on the current state of our politics . 
  i 'm currently leaning towards top09 or the pirate party . 
  my stances are the same as yours , and i think it 's essential we keep eet to curb the grey market , and i 'd also like to see some streamlining of our ridiculously overcomplicated tax system . 
  legal weed would be nice but i do n't think there 's a shot in hell we will get that in the next decade , especially because stupid laws like the one regarding large shops not being allowed to operate on easter being passed . 
  yep that 's how i feel . 
  my parents do n't like russia and my grandparents do n't like germany . 
  my generation do n't like gypsies , but i worry somehow antisemitism will come into the mix . 
  i meant that my mom converted after i came out of the womb . 
  you only `` inherit '' the jewishness if the conversion came before the baby 's exit . 
  probably complained about gypsies, 
  he honestly sounds like an elderly pole, 
   i 'm interested in why you 've considered israel as an option for yourself . 
  i 've heard many czechs like israel , is it true ? 
  and why ? 
  while it is true that our countries are very close allies , and the jews ( pardon the generalisation ) i 've talked to all consider czechia as being one of the few countries where they feel comfortable wearing a kippah in public , i actually do n't know the public opinion regarding israel , though polls are tend to be favourable . 
  israel is civilised , up to european standards with regards to quality of life , has good weather , beaches , loads of history , a thriving startup scene , plenty of culture , and the women are beautiful from what i 've heard . 
  you 're also a safe country in terms of crime and do n't engage in censorship ( biggie for me because i like to go to the cinema ) . 
  also my mate is from jerusalem and he keeps telling me to come over some time . 
  lastly , both my parents are jewish ( i 'm not since my mother converted after i was born ) , and i guess that during my time in the community i 've gained some sort of connection to the culture . 
  it helps being familiar . 
  i 'm going on a birthright trip next year to have a look !, 
  americans reading this thread must think we 're all super racist here lol, 
  i do n't think czech people like anyone . 
  [ https://www.indy100.com/article/racism-europe-mapped-harvard-university-implicit-association-test-7717886] ( this ) study by harvard puts us as being the most racist country in europe , and i 'd probably agree . 
  in real life , i 've heard the following on more than one occassion : - slovaks are inferior to us - poles are religious zealots - germans exploit us - austrians feel superior about everything - french are arrogant and untrustworthy - spanish/portugese/italians / greeks are lazy - hungarians are aggressive - russians want to take over us - all other slavs are poor filthy peasants - albanians steal - scandinavians are rich pricks i mean ... i really do often get the feeling people in our country just hate everything . 
  brits do n't seem to get a bad rap though . 
  israel and taiwan seem lgbtq friendly . 
  tel aviv especially had quite a vibrant gay scene from what i 've heard . 
  i 've never been outside europe , but i guess i 've thought about the following places : - canada/usa - argentina/chile/uruguay - australia/new zealand - israel, 
  what 's rent like in belarus ? 
  i can differentiate an american , australian , and south african from any uk accent . 
  i 've never met a canadian or a new zealander , but the latter i 'll just be thinking weird aussie . 
  against , but our alternatives are either unsafe ( nigeria/morocco ) , expensive ( israel/cyprus ) , or politically uncertain ( azerbaijan/turkey ) . 
  czechs go to croatia . 
  that 's why many highways are impossible to use during this time of year . 
   for example , the law outlawing dogs barking , where the police can and will confiscate your dog if you 're unable to train it to never bark , seems completely alien to me . 
  what the fuck is this for real ?? 
  that 's thanks to eu though not us , and our government is fighting the new restrictions . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard or met someone who got fined for smoking weed . 
  our cops really do n't seem to give a shit . 
  whereabouts ?
