  can someone please explain chile and nz to me ? 
  i do n't get how they 're totally filled up by a single colored bar . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how ? 
  where is all this tax money coming from ? 
  it was mykonos so like pretty touristy , but inland was awful for the girls in my class . 
  whistling and jeering a lot , even at night in chora . 
   czechia : best music scene of our neighbours what ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  in my experience czech women take great pride in taking care of household and kids . 
  often times they also do part-time study alongside it , and it 's pretty damn tough to manage it all . 
  i would almost be okay with it if it was n't for the fact that our birthrate is pretty shit . 
  i mean if women are n't working do n't stay at home for 13 years with one kid . 
  it 's the worst of both worlds . 
  i 'm convinced women could partially solve our growing labour shortage . 
  went to greece for gradtrip . 
  holy hell . 
  greeks are lovely when whatever you 're doing does n't concern an immediate exchange of money . 
  you guys have a beach ? 
  i mean one where in summer you are n't freezing your balls off . 
  to speak slovak , hold you nose while speaking czech and add a h\u00e1\u010dek to every letter you can . 
  there is a plan to build some high-speed connections between prague and our other cities , but as with tunnel blanka , i do n't have much faith in it . 
  it 's a brilliant idea . 
  our current train system , as you say , is rather slow and outdated . 
  investing into transport infrastructure like this is great for boosting economic output and reducing strain on the housing market . 
  if we had a 300km/h trains and the railway to support them , you could e.g live in pilsen but comfortably work and have fun in prague . 
  juvenile prison lol . 
  my parents said there was a special prison for children . 
  my grandma scared me much more though . 
  she is an avid watcher of crime-news and always told me about cases where some kid went to the toilet on the train and then someone kidnapped then , leaving their mutilated body in the forest . 
  i was 8 years old . 
  uk tv is the best on planet earth . 
  legendary tv shows in just about every genre . 
  they even have the best news channel !, 
  i even like uk reality tv !, 
  it seems much more genuine compared to their american counterparts . 
  i actually enjoy the dating shows lol . 
  us tv is surprisingly bland and crass in my opinion . 
  i really hate csi and their shitty reality tv . 
  i like hbo though . 
  cnn really gets on my nerves because it 's so unprofessional and filled with arguing . 
  only thing i know about german tv is thanks to czech tv airing 5 million reruns of cobra 11 , commissar rex and all those other crime series . 
  it 's fine , but do n't really have much of an opinion on it . 
  best thing is that everywhere in german you 'll have eurosport . 
  danish tv is generally pretty fun because i like the deadpan humour . 
  yes it tends to be vulgar , but it 's vulgar in a clever way . 
  danish crime series are really great too i must say . 
  broen especially . 
  czech tv is ... egh . 
  hospital dramas are just not my thing , especially because they 're always cheaply produced and extremely similar to one another . 
  once in a blue moon we get something genius like cosmo or expositura , but in the case of the latter it has managed to spawn an endless stream of imitators . 
   i honestly do n't feel very safe when i 'm driving on it . 
  how i feel on every road in czechia . 
  while i did n't hear this one mentioned , the inbetweeners taught me way too many british cursewords . 
  i live in denmark . 
  i think people have generally been quite acceptant of me , probably helped by the fact that i apparently have a los angeles accent ? 
  ( at least according to americans i 've met who think i 'm one of their own ) . 
  but my danish has a noticeable accent to it and some people noticeably sneer when i tell them i 'm czech . 
  it 's surprisingly common for people to still think czechoslovakia is a thing lol . 
  we probably have it the easiest out of all the ex-commie countries though because prague is a top destination for danes ( often for the wrong reasons tho lol . ), 
  i did feel slightly concerned in the uk though , even if northern brits are some of the friendliest people i 've ever met . 
  oil , gold , freezing . 
  30 days of night and the fourth kind are set there . 
  i dunno , seems like it could be a fun place to go for a month or two . 
  there 's the irish musical once ( 2007 ) which has mark\u00e9ta irglov\u00e1 playing a czech immigrant . 
  except before we used to be the best country in east europe and now we have to be compared to germany and austria . 
   europeans thinking british women are ugly . 
  where does this sentiment come from ? 
  while i do think british women are often quite top-heavy in relation to other european countries , i do n't think they 're particularly ugly . 
  i like how you got downvoted for providing the same reasoning as the guy who recommended argentina . 
  slippers, 
  but that makes nz lonely :(, 
  i think a lot of people use our country to satisfy their weird curiosity about east europe , without actually going to a place like ukraine . 
  we 're juuuust weird and poor enough to match certain criteria . 
  it 's a pretty dope city , went there when i was in slovenia . 
  it 's not flashy , but i 'd still recommend it . 
  i 'll be going on an interrail trip next summer and one of the stops will be timisoara !, 
  took a lot of convincing to my friends and parents though that romania is n't a giant , gypsy-filled hovel with no electricity or running water . 
  serious question : is n't malm\u00f6 kinda shitty these days ? 
  i was there a few months back , and while the center is still great , the suburbs with the apartment blocks looked increasingly ... bad for lack of better word . 
  certainly worse than when i was there 3 years before . 
  it 's so easy to get a \u0160koda felicia for even under that price . 
  then you convert it to lpg for a few hundred euro and you 're golden . 
  so worth it . 
  i almost exclusively play dota 2 now , but some of my other favourites are : - thief series - company of heroes series - deus ex : human revolution - thomas was alone - this war of mine - heroes of might and magic series - amnesia : the dark descent - xcom : enemy unknown - warcraft 3 - battle for middle earth 2 - metro series, 
  what is your education ? 
  with certain degrees , even if you speak english , getting a job in czechia is very easy . 
  it wo n't be a western european wage , but it should be pretty alright . 
  / r/truefilm / r/flicks / r/screenwriting / r/filmmakers / r/horror / r/truegaming, 
  which city ? 
  how is it safety-wise ? 
  i 've always wanted to visit sa . 
  climate seems nice and nature looks beautiful . 
  most women just take a pint . 
  it 's pretty regular in my experience for women to drink beer on a regular basis just like men . 
  i 'm pretty sure if czech degrees are n't then russian are n't either ? 
  i do n't understand what this means anyway . 
  i 'm 100 % an american employer wo n't know the difference between one or the other . 
  none of the czechs i know that have moved to the us ( including some in very specialise positions such as dentistry ) had issues . 
  i 'd say so , azerbaijan too .
