  i would 've thought we were going for an exception ala how sweden got one for legal snus . 
  i do n't understand , how will a law suit help us ? 
  czechs are already on the offensive : http://www.praguemonitor.com/2017/04/11/czech-government-sue-eu-over-firearms-directive, 
  gun violence is czechia is completely negligible and unlike other eu countries , our gun rights are pretty relaxed ( shall-issue concealed carry & semi-automatics ) . 
  our arms industry has also increased in worth for the fourth year in a row now and this could hurt our domestic market . 
  we also have a bill in the making about civillians being able to assist police with firearms in the case of a terror attack . 
  i saw on our news like 2 days ago that we 're launching an appeal to the eu court over this , but i was n't sure whether it was meant to be an exception or a veto . 
  there was some talk that maybe we will ignore it but risk a fine . 
  are we actually able to veto this ? 
  it is dumb going by uefa , but again , geographically we are excluding cyprus and you do n't seem to like the definition provided by the council of europe . 
  i agree about the whole historical/cultural/political ties , which us exactly why i 'm advocating for the caucasus countries . 
  it seems logical to me we include them as they have multiple reasons for being here . 
  t_d actually has a thread on the genocide as of right now . 
  since armenia is a christian nation , this puts the drones fundamentally on the side opposing turkey . 
  geographically , cyprus is n't in europe and european kazakhstan is the 11th largest european country . 
  going by geographical definition is dumb . 
  armenia 's political institutions ( which is imo what counts ) are strongly tied to those of europe , or want to be tied to them . 
  the eu considers them european which is the most important thing ( they 're part of the eap and were offered the aa ) . 
  they 're also part of eurocontrol , euronest , eastern european group/ceit ( a un grouping ) , ecac , european higher education area , and horizon 2020 among others . 
  culturally , they are tied to europe ( especially greece ) , as are they in sports ( in the olympics they are considered as such , and uefa too ) . 
  what if we just put the money we give turkey towards fortifying greece with coast guards ? 
  they think macron is like pinochet or something . 
  or maybe a commie . 
  idk anymore . 
  except what the guy i commented on wrote is completely different to what the actual quote is . 
  they mean two different things . 
  he tried to say that macron does n't know the cause of terrorism , while in reality all he wanted to say is that it 's a threat that comes from the shadows and perfect security is impossible to achieve . 
  everyone try google this quote . 
  the only sources are thedailystormer , breitbart , milo yiannopoulos , and a bunch of other shitty sites . 
  t_d is brigading here on behalf of putin, 
  check his post history . 
  it all becomes evident very quickly . 
  yeh he 's spoken . 
  try rewind the france24 livestream on yt . 
  they 're different in social policy yes ( that 's what separates the demographics between melenchon and kscm voters ) , but economically and foreign affairs they 're very similar . 
  ah , cheers for the heads up, 
  they claim they 're the official first results as of 22:23 . 
  idk who to believe . 
  young people in the west are especially vulnerable to bolshevik ideology . 
  champagne socialism at it 's finest . 
  in czech , only the old people vote for kscm ( our commie party which is the only officially commie party in europe that has managed to get into parliament ) . 
  fillion is center-right and still light years away from t_d voter ideals . 
  cheers . 
  i suppose they were ddp voters . 
  it does make sense since spd was primarily working-class blue collar workers i guess . 
  the guardian puts macron only 0.2 % ahead of melenchon as of 22:15 . 
  i 'm afraid . 
  especially the ones spreading fake news like the macron quotes . 
  from france24 :  some more interesting demographic figures coming in from french polling firm ipsos , our partner for coverage of this election :  the average person voting for marine le pen is a blue-collar worker or unemployed man , with limited higher education , hailing from a rural town . 
   the average person voting for emmanuel macron is a white-collar worker or woman , with a higher education diploma and a resident of a large city . 
   jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is especially popular among young people . 
   fran\u00e7ois fillon is especially popular among pensioners . 
  you spread fake news , that 's what . 
  everyone please read this guy 's post history and then make a decision : https://www.reddit.com/user/moridakkuboka, 
  first quote has only been sourced by two blogs that are n't actualy news sites . 
  2nd quote doesnt exist . 
  3rd doesnt exist either . 
  he said :  `` chancellor merkel and the german society as a whole were up to the mark of our joint values , '' he said . 
  `` they saved our collective dignity by taking in refugees and providing them with accommodation and education . '', 
  4th is misquoted russian propaganda machine is working i see . 
  alliance and na'vi are playing now ? 
  false . 
  france 24 and czech national television both claim we are still waiting on him . 
  i 'm hoping le pen will force him to harden his stance in the 2nd round . 
  immigration is one of the few issues i do n't stand with macron on . 
  i think fillion 's stance is quite decent . 
  did you see that ludicrous display last night ... ? 
  i 'm watching czech national television coverage and they claimed that people are still waiting on him . 
  cuz there has n't been one, 
  it 's italian so i would n't give it as much weight as the native french sources . 
  nazi -  national socialist party fascism is the same without the racial component . 
  they 're definitely quite closer . 
  i do n't think he will . 
  apart from immigration , they are n't so far apart . 
  le pen is basically a socialist though . 
  she shares a lot with melenchon . 
  far left and far right are quite close in economic policies usually . 
  checking out / r/the _ donald now i ca n't believe people like that exist . 
  it 's like a zoo . 
  problem is this might establish macron as more of an establishment candidate , which is exactly what he has been attempting to distance himself from . 
  actually fillion just endorsed macron . 
  traditional right wing will vote macron . 
  he must not get complacent though . 
  i 'm worried he will choke as he is n't politically experienced . 
  i slightly hope le pen will make harden macron 's stance on immigration slightly . 
  i actually liked how fillion approached it . 
  old people might for for le pen just based on immigration . 
  everyone else will go macron . 
  in one of the debates le pen insinuated that macron shares her view on burka ban . 
  his only response was `` i can speak for myself , thank you . '', 
  really caught me off guard . 
  except as crappy of a candidate fillion is , people will still be more clear-cut to vote for him over an extremist . 
  melenchon vs le pen is what people will struggle with . 
  the french labor market is already so inflexible though and extremely unionized . 
  i do n't think giving workers more `` rights '' would be particularly helpful for medium and larger businesses . 
  what other country is there where you hear of multiple strikes every week ? 
  i see macron as being more flexible in his positions . 
  he will gain the fillion voters easily , and i 'd gamble also the hamon voters . 
  fillion voters will vote macron no matter what because they dread melenchon like the plague melenchon targets disenfranchised workers , who are a volatile demographic . 
  they do n't have strong party ties like natonalists .
