  it would kill off a lot of opposition to it . 
  we 're alright . 
  there 's heavy variation but in general not exceptional . 
  but yes , we 're strangely bland compared to our women . 
  surgically castrate pedophiles ( at least in eu ) . 
  we 've also decriminalized small amount of loads of types of drugs , including up to 1.5 g of heroin and 1g of cocaine . 
  police are still rather chill about a lot of these things though . 
  we 're also europe 's largest meth producer iirc . 
  3 years of paid maternity leave yet still have a low birthrate . 
  how ??? 
  otherwise ... i dunno ... whip women 's asses with willow whips in easter ? 
  slovak is just speaking czech while holding your nose and adding a hacek wherever you can . 
  thank god for denmark being reasonable about alcohol laws unlike their scandinavian brethren . 
  i 've seen 4 euro for a half pint in finland . 
  how can people live there ?? 
  i remember there was a news story ( obviously on nova ) that some deer bit a thief and scared him off . 
  must have been a slow day . 
  the education system is doing a great job of keeping the resentment to france in place . 
  remarkably , it 's still being presented as a betrayal to this day ( i agree ) . 
  huuuuuge deal . 
  parents still show their kids fairy tales that were made back in the 50s ( e.g hr\u00e1tky s \u010dertem ) . 
  the fairytales that are made now are total garbage but the old ones still hold up alright and are really sweet . 
  i binge-watched czech fairy tales a fuck load as a kid . 
  they still air them on tv all the time . 
  it is near compulsory to watch t\u0159i o\u0159\u00ed\u0161ky pro popelku every christmas ( interestingly a czech-ddr co-production . 
  czech new wave in the 60s was really phenomenal . 
  then we had svankmajer and forman who also made great movies . 
  then we had pelisky which became a classic but foreshadowed what czech cinema would become . 
  then we had samotari and after that everyone just gave up on making anything even remotely original . 
  ugh , i feel so sad at the direction our cinema has gone . 
  wait how is this different from that other brown goop i just ate that tastes like dates ? 
  i 'm on holiday in finland and i see it everywhere . 
  edit : do n't google `` finnish brown goop . '', 
  you most certainly do n't to . 
  basically did , and they then got bought out by koreans . 
  ten years ago in economy class i used to get a choice between a ham or cheese baguette with free drinks . 
  now i barely get the drinks anymore . 
  generally there are two types i 've met : 1 . 
  loud and obnoxious russian tourists in karlovy vary who complain when people do n't speak russian and that a few of the signs in the city are n't written in russian ( despite like 60 % of the town having russian signs ) . 
  russian expats or immigrants who have moved abroad because they rabidly hate the direction their country is going in . 
  usually extremely chill people with whom i feel somewhat of a cultural connection ( long like post-communist slavic nations !, 
  this war of mine is not only my favourite european game , but my favourite game , period . 
  it 's one of the few games i can truly qualify as good art in the sense that it creates a genuine emotional response in the player through the gameplay itself , and not through a bunch of cutscenes and qtes . 
  i also like thomas was alone , though it 's a lot more simple . 
  cities : skylines is fantastic though admittedly in a different way . 
  good enough that when you go on holiday you can get by just about everywhere with czech while knowing a few of the false friends that / u/dharx mentioned . 
  polish is easier , but slovenian is still ahead of croat ( which is only good for simple stuff and getting a general idea of something ) . 
  automation is not going to happen anywhere near as quickly as reddit thinks it is . 
  we 're still a long way away from even the most basic , manual labour being handed over to robots , let alone more complex tasks . 
  i also believe that just like with the industrial revolution , new jobs will spring up . 
  as countries develop , there will be a larger middle class to go along with it and a bigger demand for consumer products . 
  i also fully trust that there will be more non-traditional job opportunities being created with the advent of new tech . 
  the idea of a social media manager being a staple of a business was something unimaginable ten years ago . 
  if ubi were to be a thing , it is still many many decades away . 
  it 's just like speaking czech while holding your nose and adding a h\u00e1\u010dek everywhere you can . 
  so yes , it 's sexy . 
  yup . 
  tho interestingly it 's more prevalent among the 9th to 10th graders than the 12th graders ( 12th being last year of high school aka me ) . 
  7th was when i remember a big wave of it coming around . 
  80 % were girls . 
  guys did n't really pay attention to it . 
  most of them quit by the end of the year though . 
  you forgot the adoration of ubi . 
  it 's basically free money for people in their early 20s who are n't earning so much , or are shit at finding jobs . 
  that being said , a sizeable portion of this applies to me as well lol . 
  i deviate from it on terms of ubi ( think it 's bollocks and unnecessary ) , israel ( support occupation ) , and parent welfare ( strongly support a benefits system incentivising citizens to have two kids ) . 
  oh and i do n't have such a virulent hatred for capitalism and banking . 
  do n't americans have spray-can cheese ? 
  is it true that asmara is one of the best cities in the world for art deco and futurist architecture ? 
  stay but not federalise . 
  i 'd say i 'm patriotic but not nationalist . 
  geographically if would be germany , austria , switzerland , + v4 . 
  it 'll take another 40 years though for me to consider myself anything other than east european however . 
  as i posted in another thread , we got the highest amount of videos per person of all countries that have their own category . 
  i 'm do n't know whether to be proud or ashamed . 
   a certain propensity to the blunder , or even unnecessary expense . 
  this is how i felt ordering a big mac in geneva, 
  mauritius or cape verde would n't fuck things up . 
  i think they 're the least impactful choices we have . 
  suriname is alright in the sense that it already borders an eu region . 
  neighbouring guyana would probably start a migration wave though . 
  moldova = non-european :'( ( sheds tear for moldova ), 
  canz is unfortunately the best choice imo . 
  chile , argentina and uruguay are all highly developed and pretty great although argentina has a relatively unstable economy . 
  so far away tho . 
  in africa , maybe cape verde ? 
  they 're geographically removed from the mainland while still being decently close to europe . 
  economy is ok and would be a great holiday destination . 
  mauritius is on the other side of africa but they 're also rather chill . 
  in asia i think the only viable candidate could be kazakhstan , but they 're in russia 's pocket . 
  japan and rok are too large and powerful . 
  i would n't mind closer relations with taiwan but that would step on chinese toes . 
  tldr ; outside of canz , i 'd take kazakhstan or cape verde . 
  t&t has one of the highest murder rates in the world . 
  port of spain is a shithole and their economy relies exclusively on oil . 
  not saying we do n't want a funky carribean/ca nation , i 'd just pick somewhere safer . 
  nicaragua , costa rica , panama are probably the best ca nations . 
  cuba would be nice if it was n't under a communist dictatorship . 
  possible , though i have n't sifted through enough of it to make a conclusion , but so far almost everyone in that category speaks czech , or english with an extremely obvious czech accent . 
  also the scenery is usually a giveaway too .
