  good one but nope . 
  they were persecuted by them though . 
  i just watched the poughkeepsie tapes yesterday so it was the first word that came to my head :p, 
  does `` russian '' rhyme with `` poughkeepsie '' ? 
  mate it ai n't that hard, 
  if we never had communism , i would n't call myself that , but fact of the matter is ... it 's had such a profound impact and legacy that i can not deny we 've been sectioned off into east europe . 
  i think the topic of the eviction of sudeten germans and questioning the munich betrayal could cause an uproar in some places . 
  is zwarte piet still really popular ? 
  i hope the tradition holds because it 's pretty funny to me . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious which minority is strongly resented in ex-communist countries ( likely others as well ) . 
  i 'll give you a hint : rhymes with `` poughkeepsie . '', 
  do you know why torrent sites have gone down significantly in quality recently ? 
  two years ago it was pretty easy to find whatever you want , and now it 's a lot more difficult . 
   hobgoblin i tasted that for the first time when i was in scotland last autumn . 
  it 's so different from anything i 've ever tried before . 
  it 's certainly not something i could down quickly , because of how flat and caramel-y it is , but i liked it nonetheless . 
  a super-fast train link to berlin from prague would be really nice . 
  i know it takes like 3-3 .5 hours now due to good roads , but i 'd like to cut that down even more if possible with a maglev . 
  wo n't happen in the next 50 years but one can only dream . 
  since a lot of the other issues are taken ... the recent firearm directive . 
  haha no i guess i 'm strangely proud of it . 
  do note that according to [ this ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/best-and-worst/#most-decadent-countries ) index czechia is the world 's most decadent country lol . 
  [ these ] ( http://imgur.com/a/onw0y ) are my positions on what http://volebnikalkulacka.cz/ offers in the praha 6 senate elections : it 's tough because my highest matches never exceed 65 % . 
  islands are grouped with the nearest continental landmass , which in this case is anatolia ( geographical asia ) . 
  therefore , cyprus is also as such . 
  that 's why the un counts cyprus as asia . 
  i agree that it should be here , but we should keep things coherent . 
  alright cheers , though i would like to point out that azerbaijan is in the list you 've sent me and cyprus is excluded ( despite being in the banner ) . 
  the list is also inconsistent with the [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg/700px-europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg.png ) they provide for the geographical definition of europe . 
  as you can see , azerbaijan is inside the border and included in the list , yet georgia is also inside the border , but not included in the list . 
  10 % of their land is in europe . 
  if kazakhstan were located only in that 10 % , they 'd be the 11th largest european country ( larger than the uk ) . 
  they 're part of uefa i guess , and they 're eligible to join council of europe ( though the have n't been admitted yet because of human rights concerns ) . 
  cyprus is 100 % outside of geographical europe too though . 
  i 'm currently split between top 09 and ano for the next elections . 
  while top 09 is more transparent , ano seems more socially progressive and flexible for change . 
  then again , it 's so fucking difficult to know if babi\u0161 is trustworthy . 
  someone posted a whole list of links to french election memes but i cant find it , do you by any chance know where i might be able to ? 
  it 's fascinating to see how everyone 's country is different from the next !, 
  i played around with the sliders and got this : http://i.imgur.com/kptmezm.png i tend socially left wing but economically more center right . 
  how so ? 
  they 're nowhere near trumpland . 
  israel is relatively very liberal , innovative , highly educated , and technologically advanced . 
  it 's a fantastic place to live imo ( apart from the risk of some retard stabbing you over ideology ) . 
  uhh i guess israel israel is one of our closest partners . 
  we 're consistently the only eu country that votes with israel on just about every topic in the un . 
  even in the eu , we refuse to implement any policies deemed anti-israeli ( such as the labelling of goods from disputed areas ) . 
  we have joint session of government with each other , cooperation in weapons production and sales , and czechoslovakia was the main reason israel won the 1948 war since we supplied them with arms asap . 
  czechia also has a strong jewish heritage and many jews tell me prague is one of the only cities in the world they can walk with a kippah or other religious dress on without fear of abuse or attack . 
  i remember netanyahu once said '' `` israel has no better friend in europe than the czech republic . '', 
  a highlight : - the czech republic was the only european country to vote together with israel against upgrading palestinian status to `` non-member observer state '' in a 29 november 2012 un general assembly vote . 
  `` man those czechs were such pussies . 
  why did they surrender to hitler ? '', 
  czech laws are pretty chill and our gun violence is generally nonexistent apart from some isolated incidents a few years back . 
  i 'm a fan of the way they are implemented , though it 's hilarious that you only state the reason for receiving a gun license as a formality . 
  god-fucking-diddily-damn-it that 's one hell of a word, 
  russia and china you 'll need a visa but kazakhstan and kyrgyzstan are visa-free for americans i think . 
  maybe tajikistan too though i 'm not certain about that . 
   refer to the munich betrayal as the munich agreement and how important it was to save europe, 
  / r/polandball, 
  it 's pretty neat , but unfortunately eritrea is a shithole thanks to war with ethiopia and an authoritarian communist-ish regime taking power . 
  thanks to italy , asmara is now one of the best cities in the world for art deco enthusiasts . 
  how similar is afrikaans to dutch ? 
  south africa really is a shame because we 're it not for the circumstances that allowed apartheid to form , it would be a dominant power in africa . 
  cape town is an achievement in itself . 
  is there a particular country in la that you 'd say is closest to you of them all ? 
  it 's cool how german swakopmund is in its aesthetics . 
  you guys definitely had influence there . 
  so would it be accurate to say portugal has close ties with its ex-colonies ? 
  having a lusophone organisation seems to indicate you get along well with each other . 
  what are taxes like to support this free transport ? 
  i 'm assuming france has also had some internal issues with the people who moved from the maghreb . 
  men whip women 's butts with willow whips to make them fertile and beautiful . 
  in return they give us candy ( though once you pass a certain age it 's usually shots instead ) . 
  dublin is really pleasantly multicultural . 
  not like copenhagen where `` multicultural '' means lots of musrabs , but in the sense that there 's a genuinely diverse group of people who have integrated well . 
  was really nice to see when i was there . 
  art deco of the 20s and early 30s . 
  architecture , interior design , paintings etc i love it all . 
  some of my favorite artists include tamara de lempicka and gerda wegener . 
  i really love the geometry and vibrant colors . 
  i still get them too ... from other europeans . 
  it 's not even necessarily the westerners at fault . 
  most czechs look down on romania way too much because when they visited 30 years ago it was n't so great . 
  i had to explain to my mom that her being there in the 80s on holiday once is no indication of the current day situation . 
  i could not accept it in czechia . 
  russia is too much of a threat to our archaic tech infrastructure . 
  keep : easter traditions lose : cynicism and suspicion about everything . 
  czechs feel like they 're surrounded by countries and people who have ulterior motives about everything and will take advantage of us at any moment . 
  we even distrust our frigging neighbours . 
  1 ) set up camps in the countries surrounding europe and process requests there while providing adequate support for the temporary residents . 
  2 ) set up coastal guard that immediately turns back any unauthorised vessel entering european waters with hordes of people . 
  everyone needs to go through the process . 
  3 ) grant only asylum to those with papers . 
  i 'm sorry , but we ca n't let anyone through who we do n't know anything about . 
  4 ) deport anyone who causes a mess immediately . 
  5 ) only allow applications from designated non-safe areas . 
  6 ) cooperate with countries like lebanon and jordan to ease the pressure on their resources . 
  7 ) start comprehensive integration programs focused heavily on social values . 
  the eu could singlehandedly save itself with an effective eds .
