i would 've thought namibia was profitable due to the massive amount of natural resources . 
  it 's also the only one of the three to have significant remnants of their culture and architecture . 
  even the german language can still be found in pockets of namibia . 
  when i see charts like these i start to understand why israel was a necessity . 
  i mean it 's 2017 and there is still antisemitism in europe ? 
  they 're also a great example of how a different culture can integrate into society . 
  sure they are still quite cliquey , but they send their kids to our schools and do n't cause problems . 
  if only the same thing could be said about out roma minority ... 
  i honestly think the parent comment is awful on the basis that it clearly demonstrates the double standard for israel and the surrounding countries . 
  palestine would never have legal abortion if it was independent . 
  it would also not recognise gay marriage and have draconian drug laws . 
  until the palestinians elect a non-terrorist party to represent them , i fully support occupation . 
  it 's a holdover from the ottoman empire i think which wanted each religious group to deal with these things separately . 
  also has europe 's largest rainforest !, 
  edit : i 'm an idiot look below, 
  they also had togo . 
  not that it matters that much ... 
  only 8.3 % of your country is russian tho . 
  you guys do n't have a massive russian minority like our ukrabros . 
  on a side note , what is up with all this drama between putin and lukashenko ? 
  i thought those two were best buds . 
  yup , and it stacks for each kid so 3 kids = 9 years . 
  probably why our female participation in labour is relatively low . 
  paternity leave was n't even a thing before this year . 
  having 3 years maternity leave is also stupid for us . 
  should be halved and made 1.5 for each parent . 
  i 'm always confused as to whether kazakhstan can be classified as being in europe . 
  despite them allegedly being culturally different and geographically removed , they really seem to insist that they belong to the region through various european organisations . 
  thoughts ? 
  i agree . 
  there is a certain heritage , cultural and historical , that should be preserved in these places . 
  as long as they ( as you said ) adhere to certain guidelines , it should be allowed . 
  is algeria too unstable to guarantee a reliable flow ? 
  having it go through morocco and up through spain or make it go under the sea to italy could be less expensive right ? 
  alternatively , undersea pipeline from azerbaijan going through georgia and under the black sea ? 
  we could have it go through turkey but i guess with recent events some might deem it risky ... 
  red dwarf was really good and it still holds up rather well, 
  is this a council of europe thing ? 
  because why else would belarus be excluded ? 
  i strongly disagree . 
  while i am in favour of oversight with regards to restricting chemicals and nasty additives , i also believe in voting with your wallet and only buying products or from vendors that have quality goods . 
  you can force change this way . 
  it 's got cleveland though !, 
  america 's best kept secret . 
  my favourite european alphabet is the georgian , and totally not because you can make good dongers with it . 
  the former-ssr countries , though not necessarily fully democratic , are actually doing rather well in the secularisation department despite being like 95 % muslim . 
  central asian countries , especially kazakhstan are the countries that i have real hopes for in the future . 
  it 's basically the holiday resort of choice for lower-middle class czechs . 
  if you see someone wearing socks and sandals getting out of a car loaded to the brim with food , they 're probably czech . 
  my class voted :( it was either that or ibiza . 
  rich white private school kids are impossible . 
  i 'm pretty pissed about it . 
  i 'm nearly certain my highlight of the trip will be my three quarter-day layover in athens . 
  oh well , i guess i 'll have to do with what i got . 
  i have a week there . 
  makes me really wan na visit greece . 
  my grad trip destination is mykonos but i 'd much rather spend time on the mainland . 
  i hope your economic situation will start to get better soon . 
  maybe turkey 's insanity will lead all the german tourists to you . 
  what are algerians like in relation to middle eastern immigrants ? 
  i know they 're obviously muslim , but how similar are they culturally to iraqi/syrian etc immigrants ? 
  our pro-israel stance stems from a relationship that started back when israel was invaded after its formation in 1948 and czechoslovakia sent lots of weapons to assist it . 
  today israel is one of our closest allies . 
  czechia is consistently the only eu country that votes with israel on their regional issues . 
  we even have joint session of government . 
  we 're also a very atheist country with a long jewish history that people are aware of . 
  many jews i 've talked to say prague is one of the only cities that they can walk around safely at any time of day with a kippah on . 
  i guess our basically nonexistent musrab population helps in that . 
   legal drugs certain amounts of substances are decriminalised but they 're certainly not legal . 
  you get a fine equivalent to a parking ticket if you get caught . 
  most police really do n't give a shit though . 
  i 've seen a few joints in public and it 's generally chill ( although illegal ) . 
  marijuana 15 grams ( or five plants ) hashish 5 grams magic mushrooms 40 pieces peyote 5 plants lsd 5 tablets ecstasy 4 tablets amphetamine 2 grams methamphetamine 2 grams heroin 1.5 grams coca 5 plants cocaine 1 gram medical marijuana is a thing tho . 
   guns true we have shall-issue concealed carry , but it 's only up to two weapons on a person and the permit goes for up to semi-automatics . 
  in order to get automatic you need to apply again on top of regular permit and those are rarely ever issued . 
  open carry is n't a thing at all iirc . 
  people also underestimate the test you need to take . 
  it 's like 80 multiple choice questions about safety , handling etc but in order to get cc you need to score like a 90 % . 
  people study for this shit yo . 
  i believe we have castle doctrine too , though gun violence is so rare that 's there 's barely ever any case of it being used . 
   prostitution legal and unregulated but brothels are illegal . 
  germany has looser laws . 
  otoh again police do n't give two shits and there 's plenty of establishments that are essentially brothels . 
  women are hot tho . 
   cheap , yet very good beer yes that one is true . 
  even for locals . 
  can confirm . 
  lots of guys from my school adore that shit . 
  i personally do n't but i oppose regulation of it ( outside of being a normal tobacco product ) . 
  i 'm still dreaming about the azeri pipeline ... 
  plz be back in the eu in the next 20 years . 
  i really love london , and the uk . 
  such a powerful city . 
  unfortunately lots of previous generation czechs still think romania looks like this :( you go romania !, 
  i 'm proud of you guys !, 
  why the fuck ca n't the west have a normal anti-immigration but pro-eu party ? 
  weird tho cuz we have lower minimum wage than slovakia i 'm pretty sure, 
  macedonia and georgia doing well . 
  woop woop !, 
  are they talking about human trafficking or something ?
