  even worse , from what i 've read , we would 've given the germans a run for their money , a sort of winter war . 
  we had an extremely well-equipped army by european standards , and a heavily fortified border . 
  we would 've lasted much longer than poland or france . 
  probably the v4, 
  moldova 's gdp per capita is on par with india and only slightly higher than ghana . 
  to be fair , the worst b\u00fcrger kings i 've ever been to were in london . 
  it 's also because our countries were the most prosperous and industrialised of the empire . 
  people tended to swap around between us . 
  not from there i 'll say austria out of solidarity . 
  is hope the balkan countries have all joined , and now the focus is on ukraine + moldova and the caucasus countries . 
  perhaps belarus will eventually become democratic . 
  well at least we agree on something, 
  antisemitism is rampant in even the moderate muslim communities . 
  i 'm shocked at how some of my friends from the mena feel about jews . 
  also this : http://uk.businessinsider.com/policy-exchange-survey-muslim-attitudes-beliefs-911-september-11-2016-12 hungary had the right idea with the fence . 
  now what we need to do is build a wall on turkey 's me border and seal off the flow for the next 50 years . 
  minor nitpick put iranians are n't arabs . 
  they belong to the same group as tajiks ( persian ) . 
  i 'd rather 5 churches open in my neighbourhood than a mosque . 
  not great . 
  one of my best friends is palestinian and i know many nice people in the community , but those are expats who work at places like the un and not representative of the general community . 
  islamic arabs scare me to the point that i 'd rather turkey build a wall on its eastern border to seal the route once and for all . 
  prague because i 'm biased . 
  edinburgh comes extremely close though . 
  it 's not, 
  / u/gurush told me about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lake_baikal, 
  whichever . 
  they 're both stable currencies . 
  pre-brexit , probably the uk with a nice house in london . 
  post-brexit , my answer would still likely be the same though i 'd have to be paid in $ . 
  switzerland , more specifically zurich , would be my # 2 choice . 
  `` czechs have been becoming increasingly synonymous with terrorist activities '' nearly burst my lungs right there, 
  whenever i see a language with lots of weird o i know it 's estonian . 
  as a czech who has spent the majority of their childhood abroad , fuck \u0159 . 
  even today , i add near-silent t or d to the front of a word like \u0158eho\u0159 because i ca n't pronounce it properly otherwise . 
  at least i can pronounce it in most instances . 
  i 'm still teaching myself to roll my r. 
  flashback to middle school german where all the brits would pronounce `` ich '' as `` ish '' and `` spreche '' as `` shpreshe '', 
  cheeki breeki ? 
  we should get some architectural redesigns and build more imo . 
  vertical housing saves space , is more communal , and should in theory be cheaper . 
  in czech they still have n't been able to force out seznam, 
  rychl\u00e9 \u0160\u00edpy was really fun as a kid, 
  any irish people here care to explain why i 've seen so many brazilian people in dublin every single time i 've gone there ? 
  got ta love the questions on this sub sometimes . 
  it 's the best , most-stress free city to raise a family in . 
  safe , reliable , well-planned , convenient , and property prices are n't that bad . 
  really , dublin is far worse value for money . 
  i got spooked by glaswegian beggars more than in any other country because of the accent lol . 
  lots of people hate it , but i really think your city has a strange charm to it . 
  i always though sm\u00edchov was better than e.g n\u00e1dra\u017e\u00ed hole\u0161ovice . 
  that area scares me more . 
  perhaps it 's cuz my grandma lives nearby and i know the area well . 
  that being said , it 's still prague and one feels safe in like 90 % of the city 90 % of the time . 
  i always though sm\u00edchov was better than e.g n\u00e1dra\u017e\u00ed hole\u0161ovice . 
  that area scares me more . 
  that being said , it 's still prague and one feels safe in like 95 % of the city 90 % of the time . 
  ah yes the old `` someone found out they 're building a metro station here way before official announcement and now all the land is mysteriously bough up '' got that too here in czechia, 
  no just it 's not as much of a tradition as in the us, 
  my only qualm with him is that it 's spawned too many cringy slavic memes that are then repeated ad infinitum by non-slavs . 
  you do n't need to fucking mention it everytime i squat !!, 
  realengineering is irish guy who does great videoessay-ish things about ... well ... engineering . 
  other than that , pewdiepie had actually gotten significantly better in the last year , to the point i 've subbed, 
  i think it 's definitely cool though that as a kid your dentals are free . 
  really helped me out . 
  as an adult i always travel to poland or czechia whenever i need something . 
  yeh . 
  i read polish quite well but always need to pay super close attention when it 's spoken otherwise i get lost . 
  pepiki ca n't fully into polnish :(, 
  huh . 
  my bulgarian friend only got like 50 % of it . 
  she is kinda slow tho . 
  i think it would be useful for tourist purposes . 
  like writing signs in it to make sure everyone can understand it . 
  i get like 95 % of the text . 
  only a couple individual words escape me . 
  i 've gotten `` where is prague castle ? '', 
  from tourists right in the middle of prague castle . 
  i 'd perhaps give it to them because it does n't really look like a castle , but cmon , it 's still kinda dumb . 
  i 've gotten these too many times for me not to be mildly triggered, 
  scandinavians , especially danes , do a number on us too, 
  they 're part of council of europe so i believe they are allowed to submit an application if they want . 
  i personally think they count as europe . 
  where the fuck are you guying d\u00f6ner for like 140czk ? 
  croatia it 's also where we go to very nearly kill ourselves, 
   bona fide communists most of reddit tbh, 
  has strong and stable gone global or is it still contained inside your sub ? 
  i trust people more in countries where haggling is n't a thing ( looking at you greece ), 
  why are they there ? 
  do n't they have their own country to attend to ? 
  http://www.calvertjournal.com/ this is a great site for anyone who wants to find out about contemporary art movements in our ex-commie countries . 
  consider the options a : you give money to hungary and support bad regime because they have more funds to do whatever . 
  b : you do n't give money to hungary and support bad regime because the government tells people eu is evil cut they are being starved . 
  would a system like we have in czechia be something you 'd support ? 
  http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/muslim-peace-march-held-germany-turnout-disappoints-48103807 remember this ? 
  how 's this for `` vast majority ? '', 
  because i 'm okay with sikhs , hindus , jews , buddhists whatever . 
  islam really is the exception in all this . 
  i do n't think moderate islam exists in the same way like in other religions . 
  look at the pew poll i 've linked in a different comment .
