  macron could poach these . 
  le pen voters are for the most part quite single/dual issue , but are also heavily attracted by more left-wing economic policies . 
  if macron convinces them that he will make life easier for small businesses and socially disadvantaged , he could get them to swing . 
  macron vs melenchon would imo be the best 2nd round . 
  melenchon is too bolshevik for me , but i think he could sway macron to adopt slightly more left-of-center policies . 
  according to geographical definition cyprus is n't in europe and kazakhstan is the 11th largest european country ( 10 % of 2.7 mil sq km puts it above britain ) . 
  georgia in my view is certainly european , as are the other caucasus countries and turkey . 
   beer and pornstars i guess we need to make do with what we have . 
  alcohol and amateur porn are n't so bad . 
  oh my god is mammi that brown shit that tastes like dates but does n't actually contain any dates ? 
  imo university should be paid in order to restrict exactly what you say . 
  you charge a good price , but you have income-related bursaries , as well as academic scholarships , with loans taking care of the rest . 
  something like in the uk , except the discounts should be larger . 
  currently they 'll usually shave off around # 3k max . 
  you can often do an integrated masters which qualifies also as free tuition . 
  that 's true . 
  even without the ukrainian thing , it 's illegal to treat eu students pricewise as anything but your own ( unless you 're scottish , welsh , or northern irish ) . 
  yeah british unis are the only ones in europe that can on the whole stand up to the american ones in terms of research power . 
  expensive as fuck , but the organisation is incredible . 
  we 're ranked higher than slovakia internationally . 
  we 're obviously better . 
  considering there 's 100k of ukrainians in cz i would 've expected something more than `` best beer . '', 
  if we are going geographically then cyprus is not europe which is a ridiculous assumption . 
  also 10 % of kazakhstan is in europe . 
  that 10 % is bigger than like 2/3 of the countries in europe . 
  egypt has far far fewer political , economic , historical or cultural ties to europe than turkey . 
  kazakhstan has a greater case for europe than egypt . 
  how is it not ? 
  it 's part of the council of europe and an eu candidate country . 
  internationally it 's categorised almost always as europe . 
  it 's got far closer relations with europe than the me . 
  just because they have lots of muslims does n't make it not european . 
  disclaimer : i believe europe is defined as the council of europe + vatican & belarus . 
  turkey is undoubtedly a country with ties to europe that go back a long long way . 
  they 're part of many european organisations and the eu has recognised them as being a country with a european outlook ( at least back when they became a candidate country ) . 
  we need to make sure turkey will not veer off and crash because they 're such an incredibly important ally to us . 
  turkey has everything to do with europe . 
  germany economically is a global player . 
  4th largest gdp in the world . 
  while it may not have a big army or population , it certainly is a powerhouse . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  copenhagen is currently one of the dominant biotech hubs of the world and the danes will lobby hard to get the ema to come to them . 
  huh i did not know this . 
  i live across the channel in denmark , and i would never think swedish girls would be different . 
  girls in denmark are for the most part practically identical to each other in terms of looks and dress . 
  a bit eerie imo , though they 're still pretty hot on average . 
  ah yes , you must be talking about the famous czech scientist , mikul\u00e1\u0161 kopern\u00edk . 
  poor bulgaria :( we still love you < 3 !, 
  i had my arab mate take the arabs vs other people test on here : https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/takeatest.html strong automatic bias preferring `` other people '' to arabs lol, 
  do n't forget the socks and sandals that are near-mandatory to wear for 70 % of our stay there !, 
  czechs favourite holiday destination . 
  it does n't matter if your parents are working class , lower-middle , or middle , chances are , you 've been to croatia at least once during your childhood . 
  what do they want from this ? 
  no really , what is the end goal ? 
  you 're not going to convince israel to withdraw like this . 
   as of year 2012 data from 5 years ago is somehow relevant today . 
  like greece using their bailout money on their pension funds ... 
  albania ? 
  they 're pretty chill . 
  communism was actually pretty effective at stamping out their bollocks due to heavy state intervention in religion . 
  azerbaijan is a prime example , as are most of the central asian countries in which more than 90 % of people identify as muslim . 
  now i 'm not a supporter of communism and i believe it left behind a lot of shit , but you ca n't deny it worked well to suppress domestic radicalism . 
  that 's due to poverty and drugs mixed with a lax work attitude . 
  nothing to do with christianity . 
  mexico city has a lower murder rate than most large us cities . 
  huh i always thought it tasted like figs . 
  maybe the hotel gave me something else but i swear it looked identical . 
  it 's meant to make women more beautiful and fertile lol, 
  ikr im atheist but i certainly partake in nearly all czech traditions that stem from religious holidays . 
  this is one i hope never dies out . 
  too much fun . 
  it 's ok v4 is generally united on this issue . 
  guys , are you ok ? 
  should we send some of our depression-resistant czechs to ma\u010farsko in order to help out ? 
  it 's shameful that a european country ca n't even count the fucking votes properly !, 
  better start sending the greeks our tourists too . 
  they 're not going to want to go to turkey after this . 
  what 's the reason izmir voted so resoundingly no while istanbul and ankara ( both large cities ) voted no by a small margin ? 
  i would 've thought cities in general would vote strongly against this ala brexit & us elections . 
  azerbaijan is part of many european organisations such as the council of europe . 
  it is also included inside the reach of this sub . 
  they 're arguably europe . 
  azerbaijan is a dictatorship too right ? 
  i think we can fit new zealand in place of turkey, 
  we need more land to border our historical friend luxembourg . 
  they 're part of uefa ergo must be europe / s in all honesty , kazakhstan is that country that i never quite know which way it leans . 
  like it 's pretty obvious turkey and the caucasus want to be european , but the kazakhs have always been split it seems . 
  reminds me of dongers, 
  they did that hundreds of years ago though when the french colonised them . 
  what 's turkmen , tajik and kyrgyz like ? 
  cz has no official law against it for use in schools though it 's certainly used anywhere . 
  domestic is still common though . 
  i 'm personally in favour of keeping it . 
  fuck i just realised . 
  none of the other micro states are there either ( except monaco ) . 
  palestine is not going to convince israel they 're capable of peace when they elect a govt that keeps firing missiles at them , as well as airs children 's cartoons that teach people to hate jews . 
   map includes all countries represented on this sub approved and upvoted edit : gib malta , andorra , san marino , lichtenstein and vatican !, 
  palestine needs to adopt a policy of peaceful protest like the anti-apartheid movement in sa and civil rights movement in the us have done . 
  you 're not going to convince your neighbour you 're capable of peace when you keep firing missiles at them , as well as airing children 's cartoons that teach people to hate jews . 
  there 's loads of posters and ads in copenhagen for summer holidays in greece .
