  i always find this divide between czechs on whether they are east europe or central europe hilarious . 
  while yes , geographically and pre-1945 we are definitely central europe . 
  however , i think the influence of post-1945 history together with our slavicness definitely pivots us towards the east . 
  i 've said this before and i 'll say it again , i find myself having a much closer connection to serb than an austrian . 
  there is a more similar mentality in the people i encounter from there . 
  definitely though czechia 's track record is spotty at best . 
  last year was alright but oh my god i do n't understand what happened when that gypsy group was sent a few years back . 
  so shameful we dropped out for a while . 
  my favourite countries are usually the caucasus ones because they take it so seriously and put a lot of effort into their performances . 
  naturally i always cheer against russia . 
  i also love the drama and politics behind the event . 
  it 's really dumb but hilariously entertaining . 
  we got the 3rd highest scoring ice hockey player of all time . 
  idk if that translates to best but hey it 's something . 
  in kyrgyzstan they take that a step further and turn it into bride kidnapping, 
  i think you guys have the most models per capita, 
  we are also # 1 in europe for meth production . 
  if you fiddle around with the numbers , we also have the largest pornhub category size per capita ( excluding usa which obviously does n't have its own category ) . 
  - germany 4045 videos - czechia - 2577 videos - russia - 3384 videos - italy - 1362 videos - japan - 11374 videos - brazil - 1462 videos - korea - 758 videos it does n't take rocket science to see that with our 10.5 mil population we beat everyone else by a large margin . 
  edit : i think this speaks for itself , the url says it all : https://www.expats.cz/prague/article/weekly-czech-news/czech-republic-named-most-decadent-country/, 
  a quick google shows sources putting czechs at somewhere between 140-156 liters a year per person with a ~ 30 liter gap to the next country . 
  austria and germany swap 2nd or 3rd depending where you look . 
  there really is no contest for czechia edit : sources : - http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/top-10-heaviest-beer-drinking-countries-czech-republic-germany-sink-most-pints-1475764 - brewers of europe 2015 report ( how do i link pdfs ? ), 
  - http://www.foodrepublic.com/2014/09/29/ranked-50-countries-that-drink-the-most-beer-around-the-world/ - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/retailandconsumer/leisure/11237013/mapped-beer-sales-around-the-world-who-drinks-the-most.html - http://www.kirinholdings.co.jp/english/news/2015/1224_01.html - http://blog.businesstripfriend.com/article/top-20-beer-drinking-countries - http://www.cnbc.com/2008/09/22/top-20-beer-drinking-countries.html, 
  burkina faso & ivory coast are the only ones that as of right now are alright . 
  the rest are getting either increasingly unsafe ( benin & senegal ) or are in deep shit ( the others ) . 
  i do agree though that some cleaning up would n't be harmful . 
  you can still visit mozambique quite comfortably . 
  there are no government warnings in place from the us/uk/aus / nz . 
  i actually think closer ties would be mutually beneficial . 
  china is exerting too much influence in many african countries and pivoting them more towards their own interests . 
  the uk unlike france has a great choice of partners in africa since most of them are stable , safe , and economically important . 
  some investment into trading ties and infrastructure development would go a long way . 
  france generally has a pretty shitty selection of african countries since most of them are in the blighted west africa . 
  the best ones would be : gabon and rocongo are stable , safe , and rich in natural resources , as well as both not being too large . 
  djibouti still today is extremely important as a transport , security , and trading hub . 
  one again , small , safe , and stable . 
  equatorial guinea would n't be super hard to manage . 
  it 's a tiny country with a relatively high gdp per capita ( for africa ) and has plenty of oil . 
  mozambique makes for a good resort destination . 
  it 's cheap , relatively safe , and extremely beautiful . 
  one of them is run like an african north korea the other is in a deep civil war not so practical i imagine, 
  squatting is slowly being phased out in prague . 
  suburbs are still full of it though . 
  source : live in suburbs and squat every day, 
  i think 1.8 or 1.9 should be a current target for european countries . 
  coupled with immigration it should create a sustainable population growth without burdening tax payers too much while also stabilising growth . 
  birth rates have been dropping across africa . 
  the fast their middle class grows , the faster it drops . 
  southern african countries have already dropped to pretty decent levels . 
  botswana , thanks to excellent governing , has prospered and now sits at 2.8 or 2.3 even according to some estimates . 
  that 's in my book in order since its a large country with a population around 3 million . 
  asia is n't that problematic right now with the exception of iraq and afghanistan . 
  west africa is the biggest problem right now . 
  to be honest , space is n't the issue , it 's efficient use of resources . 
  there 's plenty of room for use to live , especially with european city density . 
  someone already mentioned gypsy but i do n't think that counts . 
  czech culture has been shaped strongly by communism so i 'd say we 're still relatively close to former ssr countries . 
  honest answer would probable have to be somewhere gregarious , religious , with a trust for government , relaxed work culture , and strong sense of collective . 
  with the exception of trust for government , maybe portugal ? 
  got ta love how april fool 's is basically europeans taking the chance to trash americans, 
  czechs have this gray area in the law when it comes to castle doctrine . 
  while it is n't explicitly defined , it is usually considered acceptable to defend from a violent home invasion with a firearm . 
  stand your ground exists in the same space . 
  if you can prove violent assault , you 're allowed to respond . 
  most cases of defendants killing their attackers go through court without issue . 
  have you seen unbreakable ? 
  it 's a very grounded superhero movie that might win you over . 
  on a different note , there is an italian superhero movie called they call me jeeg that came out last year and it 's a fascinating cultural spin on a genre that 's mainly been exclusive to hollywood . 
  in czech all the large pro-eu parties are implicitly anti-islam i 'd say . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  i 've lived abroad for a while and thus am not fully updated on the current state of our politics . 
  georgia or iceland i 'd say outside of europe ... i rather like the canadian and ethiopian ones, 
  ah ok sorry i thought when you said `` five teams '' you meant the current top 5 ( which would exclude the czechs ) . 
  apologies for getting patriotic too quickly, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/iihf_world_ranking we were actually before you and finland last year !, 
  the gap between 1 and 6 is the same as between 6 and 7 now so there 's definitely an `` elite 6 '' i 'd say . 
  most czechs ( including myself ) tend to cheer against russia in almost any sport though . 
  i would n't call it a rivalry as much as wishing them to do as shit as possible . 
  once czechs are eliminated , i sure as hell support slovakia . 
  our little bros need it !, 
  except ice hokey . 
  we can not allow anyone to threaten our position on the leaderboard . 
  there i will comfortably root for any of the other top 6 except russia . 
  never cheer russia . 
  maybe not a road trip since it would n't be too practical , but there are lots of places in the us i 'd want to see : west coast : seattle , san francisco , la , santa barbara , san diego midwest : chicago south : new orleans , santa fe , miami , savannah , charleston , st augustine northeast : nyc , boston , dc , philadelphia maybe the south cities could be good with a road trip, 
  for starters , it 's much more white . 
  not a good or bad thing , it 's just true . 
  as a consequence it seems much more european . 
  when people talk about their heritage , there 's much more of a clear link to spain and strangely enough , italy ( at least in argentina ) . 
  secondly , and probably most importantly , the three southern countries are miles ahead in terms of development . 
  they 're richer , safer , and have better infrastructure . 
  poverty can still be found in shitty areas , but it 's not nearly as widespread as in the other countries . 
  the population in poverty is about a fifth in those countries compared to the others ( according to un data ) . 
  you 're much more relaxed on the streets , and do n't need to fret so much about crime ( aside from your basic precautions ) . 
  even if you wander into a shitty area during the day , you 'll most likely be fine . 
  buenos aires is often considered the paris of the south . 
  for a city of its size in sa , it is remarkably pleasant . 
  czech : dej jim to so fucking close, 
  i like this one .
