  ukraine because who knows how long the conflict will take to settle down . 
  they 're a massive country with large population that is largely poor . 
  it would become the next poland . 
  and yes , corruption issues would need significant progress . 
  moldova is tiny , but they have transnistria and still quite russo-phillic in their politics . 
  maybe one day the country will decided to rejoin romania idk . 
  so yeah i 'm holding out hope for georgia . 
  hopefully south ossetia and abkhazia get sorted soon . 
  bulgaria and hungary have like 9 %, 
  you need to be recognised as having a european perspective in order to apply . 
  morocco already tried , and they failed . 
  caucasus is the furthest it will go . 
  i believe all council of europe members are eligible to apply for membership . 
  this in theory makes the caucasus the final frontier . 
  plz do we nees your moneys . 
  you 're in eurovision so practically a european country already . 
  oh and bring your little brother along . 
  i believe all council of europe members are eligible to apply . 
  this means the caucasus will likely be the final frontier for the eu . 
  well and belarus once dictatorship falls and they join coe . 
  unlike armenia , serbia wo n't be bullied into that though . 
  there will be a point in the next 10 years where georgia will be filing an application . 
  i think they 'll skip moldova and ukraine . 
  their aa already grants them acknowledgment of the possibility . 
  eu has also been very happy with their progress in corruption and human rights . 
  czechs in czechia are n't big fans of it . 
  czechs outside tend to have a more positive view . 
  i personally thinks saying czech republic every time is a mouthful and unnecessary since just about every other language ( including our own ) has a short hand version . 
  i think it 's good english now has one too . 
  i 'll definitely continue using czechia . 
  i mean it 's really not that far from e.g tschechien . 
  ever since the shooting that killed a security guard right ? 
  cheers for the info !, 
  armenia is also a `` disputed country '' since pakistan does n't recognise it . 
  just because some arabic nations do n't like jews does n't make israel a country with quotations marks . 
  when jews go to the synagogue in copenhagen they only put on their kippah once they reach the street it 's on . 
  i 'll savour this treasure forever, 
  obligatory `` jakubmarian.com is a weird way to say arabic '', 
  have andorra , monaco or lichtenstein participated in the past ? 
  otherwise props to san marino for committing . 
  honest question : moldova has a really good song this year . 
  can you actually fund eurovision if you win ? 
  countries like slovakia did n't participate because they said they do n't have the money . 
  there 's always a few good ones each year :d i 've been listening to the moldovan one non-stop . 
  if you did n't know already , the guy on the saxophone is epic sax guy ( yes that one ) . 
  the diversity thing is weird yeah ... but i do n't really care . 
  this year had epic sax guy , montenegrin shaolin , romanian yodel-rapping , and croatian self-duet among others . 
  yes there were your bulgarias , and it was a weaker year , but imo it 's still got its usual charm . 
  it 's always meant to be slightly cheesy . 
  romania is in the bag !!!, 
  let 's hope ukraine has better sound mixing on saturday ... 
  you just made my day haha, 
  cheers, 
  germany and uk are so grateful to be in big 5 because otherwise they 'd never get past the semis, 
  oh my god !!, 
  greek-friendly ukrainian host, 
  is there a limit to how many times a certain number can vote ? 
  i usually just send three texts with three different countries . 
  lem me know what you think !, 
  i 'm going to be yodelling for the next few days in my sleep ... 
  did you not like moldova and azerbaijan from 1st round ? 
  they were pretty great imo, 
  i want to see san marino host eurovision . 
  if romania gets in my life is complete, 
  must be all that hummus they 're fed in the idf, 
  it 's definitely one of the worse years . 
  this semi is way better than the first one though which had like 2 good songs . 
  he 's hot stuff i agree, 
  israel is like an exchange student you have to host permanently because he gets bullied back home, 
  what 's wrong with her eye ? 
  at least they did n't have a beaming belarussian flag behind them this year, 
  simultaneously best and worst i 'd say, 
  like do they even have a domestic competition selection process ? 
  are there enough people for it ?? 
  it 's because it has a similar chord progression to frozen, 
  croatian guy looks like sam x hodor, 
  i think this is probably my favourite thus far actually, 
  til san marino does eurovision, 
  fuck i nearly puked out my chilli con carne, 
  certainly not emelie de forest level that 's true, 
  jedward were really fun a couple years back, 
  i thought it was a guy and now i think it 's a girl edit :, 
  danish commentators are patriotic as usual though, 
  she 's pretty well equipped overall, 
  cleavage was good , otherwise it was alright . 
  not great , but acceptable . 
  moldova and azerbaijan actually had pretty great songs in the first semi . 
  the rest ranged from alright to bad . 
  only liked 2 songs from the 1st semi . 
  hoping there will be more to like here . 
  eurovision this year seems pretty weak . 
  unfortunately i missed romanian yodeling :(, 
  yay , now this means ukranians can visit all of their family members working in czechia !, 
  definitely a welcome people . 
  same here , as well as a guarantee of food safety and other regulations . 
  europe would be the net benefactor of ttip because our lower wages would attract more american firms to set up production in countries like poland and romania . 
  more jobs for everyone . 
  i do n't think we would really shed any industry to the us . 
  fun fact : the last surviving pre-holocaust jewish settlement , and the only remaining all-jewish town outside of israel , is located in azerbaijan , a country that is 95 % muslim . 
  only just coming in now and rewatching it .
