  i 'd make the hell engineer irish though . 
  dublin is a fucking mass from an infrastructure perspective . 
  charming and vibrant city yes , but a disaster from a civil engineering perspective . 
  at least the brits can build a coherent transport system . 
  yes it 's expensive , but it works . 
  in ireland , the transport system is expensive , but shit . 
  i think the most important thing about eu-azeri relations is that getting closer would finally set into motion the gas pipeline . 
  azerbaijan has enough gas reserves by itself to provide most if not all of what russia sells us . 
  it would be the final nail in the coffin for the russian economy and hopefully end their bullshit . 
  which is ? 
  these definitions do vary, 
  where does your definition of europe end ? 
  how is russian culture so vastly different from that of e.g ukraine ? 
  uruguay would fit in nicely among your choices too . 
  southern south america is so different from the rest it 's insane . 
  the thing with the geographical definition though is that it includes kazakhstan while excludes armenia and cyprus . 
  the latter two are arguably way more european . 
  that being said i would support turkish accession once they get their shit together . 
  if you 're including georgia and armenia would you be willing to add azerbaijan as well ( provided they fix their `` democracy '' ) ? 
  where does europe end for you ? 
  i personally like the definition that / r/europe has since its the most commonly used across international organisations . 
  because in census people write in muslim to religious association even if they do n't practise . 
  in denmark it 's the same with christianity . 
  more of a cultural and spiritual thing i think rather than religious . 
  is albania okay with you even if it 's majority muslim ? 
  who are we talking about ? 
  i count the caucasus as european but some do n't . 
  i 'm fully supportive of the eventual accession of all three . 
  if turkey receives ataturk 2.0 and leaves cyprus i 'm okay with talks being reopened . 
  russia is like 20 years from any possibility of anything and will most likely never join , but if they wanted to , i 'd let them . 
  ( provided they meet the accession criteria obviously ) . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to go further really . 
  israel has too much baggage , even though i like the country . 
  canada , aussies and kiwis are too far . 
  cape verde and morocco are n't european . 
  kazakhstan is ... i have no idea . 
  they seem pretty friendly and economically stable , but they 're also somewhat autocratic . 
  i suppose if i had to pick someone outside of my definition of europe , it would be between canada and them . 
  you have to admit that comparatively to other countries in europe , us czechs have it very good when it comes to guns . 
  we once you have a license , you can definitely go into a gun store and browse around in a relaxed manner . 
  how much is `` high tuition '' ? 
  poland and the baltics do have quite a few english language , very cheap cs courses . 
  have a look at cz and slovakia too . 
  i 'd probably give you guys the award of the worst/most destructive stereotype . 
  the sad thing is that many people genuinely believe it . 
  serbia plz get into eu asap finland and czech need you to support us on gun policy . 
  i do n't know how we manage to have 30 more liters per person than the next highest country in per capita beer consumption . 
  then again belarus and moldova consume like 17 liters of alcohol each year per capita so i guess it is n't too bad . 
  i 've only ever visited berlin in east germany and that is not a relevant story in itself since half of it was western . 
  i have n't really met anyone from the `` proper '' eastern side to be honest . 
  east germany had a mate to help it out after reunification which i think created a different developmental path for it . 
  i thought 1.5 l were 3dkk ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  have i just not been out with the pant in a long long time ? 
  historically we were only in a union during the period of two successive kings , so not in that sense . 
  we still love them though . 
  we look down on them a teeny bit in a playful manner for being super catholic and pretending to be a powerful nation ( czechs like to think poland is a bit developmentally retarded ) , but they 're still a good bro . 
  slovaks stay slovaks ukrainians i have no idea . 
  they kinda keep to themselves even though they integrate well . 
  i 'm never asked a vietnamese this question . 
  i think it 's about 50/50 with the country they identify with . 
  i get irrationally triggered when my countrymen say that czechs are central european . 
  if they asked me pre ww2 i might say o.k but communism has had wayyy to strong an impact on us to not be ee today . 
  tbh i 'm kinda proud of it . 
  except when west europeans think we 're a poor underdeveloped country . 
  i guess as many czechs , i feel a certain affinity for slovakia . 
  while a reunion would n't work nowadays due to their more conservative population , they 're still basically our little sibling in so many different ways . 
  it 's too easy in that case . 
  id be picking between kazakhstan and uruguay . 
  there 's lots of good options in high development . 
  also i just noticed uzbekistan graduated from medium to high this year so i was also sinning lol . 
  vietnam or morocco it is . 
   people will shrug when you tell them you 're gay , but they wo n't tell you how amazing it is and how brave you are . 
  haha this is such a perfect description of czech attitude . 
  kosovo if we count that as a country . 
  otherwise it 's probably moldova . 
  poor , corrupt , too much russian influence , bad infrastructure etc. 
   we do n't trust you that you are eating as well . 
  flashbacks to coolers filled with \u0159\u00edzek & ketchup sandwiches god am i glad to get past this stage, 
  so that explains why every time i go visit my family i think everything tastes a bit weird compared to denmark . 
  fuck i 'm really pissed now . 
  croatia is basically czech 's favourite summer holiday destination . 
  it 's like a 8 hour drive so they can load up their car with a bunch of useless shit , and the temperature is excellent for socks and sandals . 
  barring that , bulgaria , followed by montenegro are also popular . 
  itt : developed south american countries assuming `` developing '' means a country which scores `` medium development '' or lower in the un hdi , id probably have a look at uzbekistan . 
  maybe vietnam, 
  chile does n't count as developing though . 
  they have a very high hdi on par with lithuania . 
  but yes i 'd love to visit some time . 
  norway is pretty chill with this . 
  plus , your name is fucking aladdin how cool is that ? 
   we ** slash asses ** of girls this makes it sound so much worse than it actually is lol . 
  i mean ya got ta give em a proper spanking but we 're not outright lashing them . 
  i hope we keep this custom around for a while . 
  i might just think that because i find it quite enjoyable to go out with a few mates around the local area and hunt some girls , but it 's a pretty harmless piece of fun tbh that 's more or less unique to our culture . 
  sorry for being tech illiterate :( what does this mean in terms of security ? 
  denmark here house parties are generally the more popular alternative to going out because of the massive price difference between store bought and bar/club bought alcohol . 
  that being said , what often happens is people predrink at someone 's house and then go out to top up . 
  can we get an estonian answer here ? 
  you guys have e-voting right ?
