  huge deal in this part of town to have one looking after the kids . 
  new york , yonkers , fort lauderdale ?? 
  my english is a weird amalgamation of all sorts of things owing to being taught in an international school and watching both american and british media . 
  romania is on fire right now . 
  i 'm more and more impressed as each year they pump out more good shit . 
  france is probably my favourite in europe . 
  especially their horror . 
  need something that works in czech and english and has a shortened form . 
  dominik for boy and veronika for girl . 
  is this by any chance because of your extreme gender imbalance ? 
  like as in women have difficulty getting husbands ? 
  yup that 's me . 
  people say others do n't notice when they skip a day . 
  while it might slip by occasionally , i usually do notice and if it 's more than a day it 's 100 % out in the open to me . 
  california , or more specifically san diego i think . 
  it 's a big city with a great beach , skiing within 3 hours away by car , other larger cities next door too ... basically all i need . 
  maybe washington for seattle or massachusetts for boston , tho idk how their summers are . 
  seeing them in helsinki in about two weeks !, 
  north west and north east where the old coal mining towns are . 
  \u00dast\u00ed nad labem , most , ostrava etc they 're not awful places , just rather poor , polluted , and a bit depressing . 
  born late 90s . 
  i was spanked , but only ever with an open hand . 
  usually on the buttocks . 
  would i go through it again ? 
  yes . 
  would i do it to my kids ? 
  certainly . 
  it 's a very viable method of discipline that teaches kids to respect authority . 
  i was making lolz , 
  i sort of have similar ideas to this . 
  the only issue is that it 's just not going to help our low birthrate problem . 
  europe is aging fast and we are n't looking at solutions from inside aka parent support and housing reform . 
  safety . 
  until the palestinians prove they can take care of their issues in a peaceful and non-violent manner , the occupation should be maintained . 
  israel has a right to security and to prevent any more attacks on its soil from its neighbours . 
  well we got polan, 
  i really do n't think people in this thread are giving real fringe perspectives . 
  most of them i read on this site daily . 
  that being said , mine would probably be that israel should continue indefinite occupation of palestine . 
  wanted to take this opportunity to ask : i see a lot of hessburger in finland , but nothing about the menu or taste seemed that special to me , like i honestly prefer mcdonald 's , kfc , or burger king . 
  why is hessburger so popular among finns ? 
  russian accents are much more...violin-y than czech accents . 
  czech accents tend to not draw out syllables , and especially not vowels , unlike russians . 
  better than arabs , but it 's recently gotten a lot worse . 
  had there been no erdogan , things would be way different . 
  yeah my uncle lives in chomutov and sometimes drives over the border to germany do do shopping for food . 
  says exactly the same thing . 
  basically me . 
  i think in today 's day and age it it extremely important to maintain some semblance of christian heritage in our society . 
  i hate when deep-rooted traditions that are non-offensive slowly get eroded away . 
  christianity is founded on some very important principles , and honoring things like easter should be maintained . 
  i 'm honestly terrified our traditions and culture will become so much more homogenous around the world in the next 20 years . 
  a couple dozen sure ... but i do n't really see how we are culturally close to venezuela . 
  though i 'd rather take 5 venezuelans for every possible afghan/paki/iraqi / syrian/whatever . 
  true : we drink lots and lots of beer . 
  false : czech streets is not representative of reality . 
  this monstrosity : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3cgumzl4sk we got zero points in the semis thanks to this and stopped coming to eurovision for the next six years !, 
  to give context , the two previous years we were last and second last . 
  they put their fingers where they do n't belong . 
  not only cybercrime , but also agitating separatism in other countries like ukraine , moldova , and georgia . 
  funnel money into the shittiest political parties in order to make the eu collapse . 
  whenever i watch an international event or competition , the most important requirement i have is that russia does n't win . 
  they have a brilliant and rich culture and history . 
  loads and loads of scientific achievements etc , but their politics are pure expansionism . 
  i blame this on the fact that we are always shit . 
  i still ca n't get over the national disaster that was us sending that gypsy group a couple years back . 
  i 've never felt so ashamed that our country would be associated with that . 
  like i know our music scene is pretty bad , but it 's not that bad . 
  you guys have the best candy in europe . 
  best television , best news channel , best music scene , best film scene , best theatre scene , one of the best fashion scenes , loads of history , loads of unique towns and places , ... i could go on . 
  plus karlovy vary are basically russian anyway, 
  may this tradition never disappear, 
  yeah haha moldova has gagauzia and transistria giving them a hard time . 
  not to mention it 's way more corrupt than the balkan countries , far closer economic ties to russia , and just overall being rather volatile . 
  oh , thanks for the info . 
  do n't you think serbia will encounter much more political resistance from the other eu members as opposed to albania ? 
  especially because of kosovo . 
  do note that georgia , ukraine and moldova are n't in the process of accession unlike serbia , macedonia , albania , montenegro , and turkey . 
  while they 've signed aas , and are part of enp east , this does not mean they have actually opened and are negotiating chapters . 
  georgia is close but certainly not closer than montenegro . 
  do n't forget their territory disputes too . 
  montenegro and albania should complete their accession process by the end of the decade . 
  they are relatively stable with no territorial disputes or significant ethnic tensions . 
  the former already uses the euro . 
  then the process will be something like macedonia -  serbia -  bosnia -  georgia -  ukraine/moldova -  ? 
  kosmo is sort of like our own polan can into space . 
  it 's very czech and very hilarious . 
  kosmo was really fun too . 
  if you even have like 8 minutes to spare , watch kancel\u00e1\u0159 blan\u00edk on streamcz for a proper laugh . 
  i love british tv . 
  red dwarf is one of my all time favourites !, 
  your tv and film scene is best in europe . 
  i 'd say so , though most people really like to shit on it . 
  czechs have some sort of deep distrust and dislike for everything related to authorities and that involves the way government runs the country , leading to lots of bitching . 
  people are proud of culture and traditions , but not of the current state of our country if you know what i mean . 
  i personally consider myself a civic nationalist and think it 's important for people to do the same . 
  i fully support schemes like it being compulsory for welsh people to learn welsh in school despite it being a useless language . 
  national unity is incredibly important for spirit and building a willingness to help each other out . 
  sort of like building a giant community . 
  any sort of attempt to dilute this will be strongly opposed by me .
