  ubi is not anywhere near viable at this point . 
  the issue is rather people are n't going into the jobs that need to be filled . 
  when frigging sales positions are wide open at most tech companies you know there is space to grow . 
  i cry for you sakartvelo :( how 's abkhazia looking ? 
  the source is numbeo , which iirc receives it 's data through user filled in surveys . 
  anyone can add data at their will . 
  do you guys have gema ? 
  that 's my biggest gripe with germany . 
  how do you take such a large screen shot ? 
  is this with snipping tool ? 
  we are rated alpha - by the gawc https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/globalization_and_world_cities_research_network we definitely have large multinational companies around . 
  trains were too expensive for everyone but the somewhat wealthy . 
  for a very long time , people would just use carts or walk . 
  this is why the distance between small towns in the north east is almost always like 5 miles , since that 's the distance someone could reliably cover ( there and back ) in a day . 
  if it included salaries , i might understand the bias against our beloved cities , but it does n't so i 'm at a loss . 
  i 'd live in any of those places you mentioned in a heartbeat over so many of the american cities , and 2nd grade west european towns that preceede them . 
  that 3-3 match was so frigging tense . 
  i rooted for you magyar !, 
  czechs are too mentally unstable to do well in football competitions . 
  i think germany and cz still practise surgical castration in some cases . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  edit : wtf am i being downvoted ? 
  chemical = / = surgical . 
  prague is 69th , behind frigging aberdeen and belfast . 
  what is this bollocks ? 
  we should easily be breaking the top 40s , if not 30s . 
  so many cities in front of prague do not deserve to be there . 
  american urban planning is very different from europe , and even to an extent south america . 
  surprisingly , canada , australia , and new zealand are also quite far away . 
  the us was built on the presumption that everyone would have cars . 
  this results in an infrastructural grid that is - low density and spread out - lots of roads - lack of proper public transport - not walker friendly - lots of parking spaces ( look at a skyline of most us cities , these stick out like a sore thumb ) coupled with a generally boring architectural style ( age is no excuse , sa and the commonwealth countries did better ) they are n't that attractive places to live imo . 
  there 's a handful that i really like : nyc , chicago , boston , new orleans , seattle , san diego . 
  dc , philadelphia , la , miami and sf are also quite interesting but have lots of issues . 
  there 's a bunch of extremely charming smaller towns too : savannah , charleston , st augustine , santa barbara , santa fe . 
  what american cities do generally have going for them , is their proximity to nature . 
  most us cities are very closer to proper wilderness , which you can rarely achieve in europe . 
  i do n't know how much this means but i 'm always happy when any sort of antagonism between the eu and russia gets resolved . 
  please , why ca n't we all just get along :( i want a cuddly europe, 
  funny considering they are experiencing a severe emigration issue, 
  shitty study that depicts czechia as some backwards-ass country when in fact contraception is incredibly easy to access . 
  but it includes caucasus so i 'm happy on that front . 
  i 'm a simple man : i see my homeland , i upvote, 
   do we really need everywhere on earth to look like the same uncultured mega cities ? 
  this is how i feel about 95 % of american cities . 
  they 're generally carbon copies of one another . 
  if you look at the expedia travel guides on yt it generally goes : - historical museum - public parks - zoo - residential neighbourhoods with some nice houses - asian district - one street with bars and restaurants - possibly a walk beside a body of water - nature reserve an hour away with a waterfall , forest , possibly mountains i can go to a small town in the czech republic at random and i 'll likely be more charmed by it than somewhere like denver , colorado almost of the prettiest us cities were built by europeans or with mexican/native influence . 
  - santa fe ( pueblo + spanish ) - new orleans ( french ) - savannah & charleston ( british ) - st augustine ( spanish ) - boston ( british ) - santa barbara ( spanish ), 
  azerbaijan is still arguably europe . 
  israel is there because it ca n't be anywhere else . 
  i 'm personally okay with it . 
  hungary has no domestic flights lol, 
  can confirm . 
  when i visited my dad last week , we drunk around one and a half pints a day for 8 days straight . 
  lunch , dinner , midnight snack . 
  next question is , how much do those people drink . 
  you 'll likely beat us in wine , but we win in practically everything else . 
  my money is bosnia, 
  definitely agree . 
  it 's been fantastic learning about different countries and how people experience their daily lives . 
  sidenote : can we please make an effort to include the caucasus countries in statistics ? 
  they 're included in the scope of the sub , and i feel like they 're a bit lonely right now :(, 
  we could also make anschluss with slovakia and restore our former glory . 
  maybe even sneak off a piece of ukraine while we 're at it ... 
  fun fact : despite being set in slovakia , this was where hostel 1 and 2 were filmed . 
  first movie is pretty mediocre but i adore the second one . 
  weirdly true . 
  guys are far more empathetic once you sit them down , and do n't develop these weird frameworks inside their head to change the way they see you . 
  i 've never thought about it that way until recently . 
  am i the only czech here who prefers to be identified with ee ? 
  culturally i relate so much more to a serb , bulgar , or even a russian , as opposed to a german or austrian . 
  economically we are definitely still on the ee side , and while we are progressive on social issues in relative ee terms , we 're nowhere near our western neighbours . 
  sidenote : go outside prague and brno and you 'll find your squatting , tracksuit wearing slavs too . 
  though lots of them have upgraded to eminem hoodies . 
  oh trust me , there are . 
  \u00dasteck\u00fd kraj has them in droves , as does silesia . 
  i also feel kind of bad when we exclude the caucasus countries :'(, 
  unless it breaches laws , uk or eu , it ca n't be tabled by anyone but the assembly . 
  also remember the uk does n't have a constitution . 
  that 's why it was an abuse of power . 
  dup had way more seats last time around so they could do whatever they pleased . 
  that 's 29 . 
  i 've heard the independent candidate could also swing towards them , but iirc it would n't matter since all the opposition parties have seats at this point to overturn the veto either way . 
  this is really important for ni . 
  since dup do n't get 30 seats , they ca n't abuse something called the petition of concern , which is like a veto . 
  they 've used this in the past to stop things like gay marriage from passing . 
  i thought azerbaijan was a pretty stable dictatorship all things considered . 
  they 've maintained their secular nature ( they even banned the hijab in schools and universities ) and i have n't heard much negativity from the politically outside of their relationship with armenia . 
  it 's so sad this this happening to turkey . 
  so much potential is going down the drain . 
  it was a beacon of muslim secularism , and ataturk created the blueprint for a powerful european ally , but erdogan wants to throw it all away . 
  i 'm worried the referendum will be rigged and we will receive an autocratic regime guarding us from the middle east . 
  what 's up with the azeri pipeline project ? 
  they seem pretty friendly towards us , why ca n't we have some of that ? 
   1032 $ czechia is sobbing, 
  how different is juppe from fillon ? 
  please please please eu create some unified distribution law that will make a single netflix region for the entirety of europe . 
  would also be great for spreading culture if subtitles were to be fully supported . 
  if this happens i swear i 'll build a little eu shrine in my room . 
  woah poland and hungary !, 
  you 're raising the v4 average by a lot,
