  wow this is one of the worst years i remember . 
  everything is just sooo.bland ? 
  firstly , singing in english is clearly a disadvantage for many of these performers , and it sounds awkward as a result . 
  next , most of this is just - lite versions of what i 've seen previous years . 
  last year was actually pretty awesome overall , and felt like real eurovision . 
  there was still a good amount of english , but it was for the most part well executed , the acts were diverse and interesting , and the singers themselves were much better . 
  this is just cheap bollocks . 
  i 'm someone who loves this show to death , but i 'm frankly disappointed . 
  holding out hopes for the other semi . 
  best ones : azerbaijan , portugal , greece , moldova ( personal fav ) , cyprus ( bad lyrics but good perf ) what the fuck : latvia biggest disappointment : georgia . 
  they 're usually in my top 3 every year , but this was sad . 
  oh my god , how often do i have to remind you that it 's actually mikul\u00e1\u0161 teslovsk\u00fd . 
  cheers, 
  source on the 2nd point please ? 
  it 's insane how influential this piece of shit was . 
  echoes of it are everywhere , especially among young people in eastern europe , even f they have never heard of the book themselves . 
  both my parents were pioneers . 
  it was basically mandatory if you wanted to do anything cool . 
  in the 80s they even got to see e.t in the cinema . 
  yeah this shit is n't done by anyone but the most orthodox of the haredi jews . 
  it 's extremely rare . 
  exactly . 
  if it was a free market system insurance would work across states and the us would n't have a stupid blockade on drugs from abroad . 
  i mean it 's quite literally anti-free market . 
  yeah there 's a proposal on the board regarding adding a constitutional right to own a gun ( minister of the interior proposed it ) . 
  otherwise , we also have a lawsuit against the eu being processed on this matter . 
  the funny thing is , no one really gave a shit about guns here before the directive was passed . 
  it 's all over the news now because it 's seen as an infringement on our freedom . 
  i generally agree . 
  i 'm also pro-eu , but i am anti-federalist . 
  there are far too many difference across europe for that to happen . 
  even the recent firearms directive is something i think the eu should not be involved in . 
   and muslims have been targeted unfairly that part of the quote is n't true . 
  he never said that . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvrnrpx_7cu rt coverage pretty bantz . 
  analyst outright saying there is no evidence russia had any involvement in election . 
  looks the uk will remain the village idiot . . for now . 
  guys get your shit together fast plz . 
  we will miss you :(, 
  spotted !, 
  is that the syrian flag i see at the macron rally ? 
  ivorian music is really quite impressive . 
  check out some of the playlists on spotify . 
  really incredible what has come out of west africa . 
  i bet only the romanians voted for romania, 
   we do better with the eastern part of europe that 's because we make you look amazing in comparison . 
  what the fuck is a pede / cuck ? 
  the male host looks almost exactly like michael keaton, 
  the real purpose of these live threads is pure banter, 
  oh my god i nearly came once i got to the paris-berlin-moscow alliance, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjwq1fegpcw try this, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjwq1fegpcw everything i want to say, 
  it 's insane that they regard a site called diversity macht frei as a legitimate source, 
  how is life in argentina these days ? 
  is the inflation still insane ? 
  it seems like a really nice place to move to . 
  in rwanda , on the last saturday of every month , it is compulsory for all citizens to go out on the streets and clean up . 
  jesus christ look at this : https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69nn5j/french_media_is_shut_down_were_not_here_are_5/ i ca n't believe these people are living on the same planet as me, 
  source is dubious ? 
  how ? 
  also the point was n't to refute you.i just wanted to chime in with some data . 
  depends where . 
  uk turks would vote against , german ones for . 
  huh , so ukrainians get a better deal than cypriots ? 
  i would 've thought ukraine goes in together with poland and romania . 
  yeah cyprus is a weird choice . 
  did employment in the industry also increase significantly ? 
  was n't this the case a while back ? 
  also israel has the same law too . 
  i think bmi of 18 is the lowest a model can be . 
  were the researchers themselves horseshit ? 
  did n't seem so . 
  you guys have a really neat tech-district with the grand canal docks . 
  hopefully it means more skyscrapers . 
  frankfurt has a beautiful skyline . 
  the norwegian documentary hjernevasken says otherwise . 
  basically countries which have more women in stem are that way because of lack of choice . 
  sasha baron cohen 's cousin is a professor at cambridge and he did tests with fresh babies that showed males are drawn towards different types of objects to women . 
  i and my parents were visiting my sister who was just graduating from warwick . 
  my mom kept complaining about all the `` ku\u017eelky '' ( translates to `` bowling pins '' aka muslim scarfed women ) that were around . 
  it was the first time i tried nando 's and a proper english breakfast though so pretty decent time all things considered . 
  wow can those clothes get any tighter ? 
  coventry , i 've been there !, 
  probably the most grey and concrete place i 've ever been to . 
  most boring as well . 
  everyone trashes hull , but imo coventry is miles worse . 
  was it created just for the network ? 
  i ca n't find it on spotify . 
  i need that shit in my life !, 
  wow both bush 's were way more popular than i though . 
  everyone just bitches about them now . 
  any tips or places to go/see ? 
  delos looks really cool for a day trip . 
   bigly t_d confirmed go back to where you came from , imp, 
  i 'm off to greece myself in a few weeks . 
  my class voted mykonos as our grad trip destination . 
  i would 've preferred to stay on the mainland but oh well , i hope it 'll be great nevertheless . 
  eu needs to have some summer of love campaign where we encourage mass movements of tourists into greece to inject some money . 
  no le pen wants benefits for everyone and more spending on everything ( despite not knowing where the money will actually come from ) . 
  she 's someone who wants all the benefits of socialism but without raising income taxes or the like .
