  cheers !, 
  there 's my grandma who grew up in ukraine ... then there 's my other grandma who is a hungarian jew ... yeah that 's basically it from me . 
  i 'd be okay with it if denmark was n't part of 9-eyes or whatever and shares this data with the us . 
  mobilepay is amazing tho . 
  kiev and manilla were so much better, 
  how expensive is armenia for a tourist ? 
  jesus was essentially just a jewish hippie, 
  this is why i love reddit . 
  what 's up with azerbaijan ? 
  seems to be bucking the trend here . 
  does lithuania have nice beaches ? 
  georgia is looking mighty fine . 
  really want to visit batumi some day . 
  what do we have against jews ? 
  their legacy is pretty ingrained into our history . 
  every single jew i 've talked to says they feel czechia is one of the best countries to be a jew because they never felt religious discrimination there , or any hassling if they more a kippah in public . 
  i 'm surprised about the jew thing . 
  they 're never really had any issues here and the jews i 've talked to all feel comfortable walking around with a kippah in public . 
  it 's quite a read but just search for `` germany '' in the pdf and you 'll eventually find it . 
  http://www.jewishdatabank.org/studies/downloadfile.cfm?fileid=3394 http://www.simpletoremember.com/vitals/world-jewish-population.htm some other sources but they are n't as in-depth : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/01/19/german-jewish-renaissance_n_6499750.html http://www.myjewishlearning.com/article/jews-in-germany-today/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/nov/03/religion.germany, 
  in czechia definitely . 
  you 'd get a nice prague salary and live like a king . 
  because czechia looks better here, 
  only european country where jewish population is increasing is germany . 
  what is meme may never die, 
  czechia renamed to karlovy vary, 
  i remember when my mate first came to germany to some waterpark near femahrn and this very first thing he told me was that he was shocked by the mixed-gender changing rooms . 
  then i told him about mixed gender saunas . 
  iran 's gdp is only about 20 % larger than israel 's , but israel have a much more lucrative economy focused on the tertiary sector . 
  s a d b o y s, 
  damn good bragging rights, 
  actually geographically parts of georgia are in europe , same with azerbaijan . 
  in fact , european kazakhstan is the size of the uk , while cyprus is n't in europe at all . 
  that 's why i prefer the definition as council of europe + belarus & vatican . 
  much more straightforward . 
   lilya 4-ever movie is on my watchlist . 
  did n't realise it 's latvian . 
  i have no idea how it would work , but making a unified distribution scheme so we would get an eu netflix would be amazing . 
  i do n't think it 's globalist . 
  the people making the above videos probably vote corbyn and are anti-ttip . 
  someone like macron is more of a representation of a globalist . 
  did n't know west coast israel is that densely populated . 
  israel is definitely scientific . 
  they are a powerhouse in many areas such as tech , energy , and pharmaceuticals . 
  tel aviv is a pretty famous startup hub . 
  why is israel included in a european study ? 
  i get turkey , but israel 's only connection is uefa . 
  they do seem very innovative though . 
  i hear tel aviv is like a mediterranean bay area . 
  czechia and estonia or slovenia should be interesting too , considering they are the ones always closest to us from the ex-commie countries . 
  remind me why jews are n't liked in poland ? 
  not me . 
  i made a `` map of europe according to czechs '' once where i put romania as `` land of gypsies and abandoned babies . '', 
  that 's about it . 
  inb4 `` but that was n't reel communism ! '', 
  how clean are the waters in and around albania for swimming ? 
  maybe we 're subconsciously extreme libertarians who want to be left alone in the comfort of their homes , and not be interfered with when we go to work and earn our paychecks , or when we have a pint with the mates at our local pub , or when we go walking with our dogs , or our annual trip to croatia . 
  just want to be living the good life without feeling like some overhead figure is eroding it . 
  well we 're the most eurosceptic country after greece so the fact that we hate our own government even more says a lot about us . 
  oh my god i can actually read and understand a good deal of that !, 
  czechia being retarded as always . 
  must we be so skeptical of absolutely fucking everything ?? 
  jesus christ it 's like india in europe, 
  on a more positive note , 2016 was the first year in forever that our birthrates actually increased !, 
  gross, 
  czech backpackers have already found their way there !, 
  probably the filing assistant got slipped a little something under the table ... 
  could you please link to the source ? 
  it 's great for people working in it , they 're having a field day because companies know they need to hire them on the spot otherwise they 'll be employed by the company down the street . 
  i mean seriously making 75-100k czk monthly is a reality for them now . 
  i know one guy who does software development for some private security contractor , he 's not even 30 yet and already living like a king . 
  you guys did a fabulous job , even made a profit off of it !, 
  most importantly , things actually worked and you still use the facilities to this day . 
  are you guys sure it is n't a snake oil type thing like with azerbaijan and their oil spa ? 
  does n't sound so healthy to me . 
  that 's what argentina thought too, 
  i spoke more as a european in general but yes you 're right it was a poor choice of words, 
  give me an example that is n't named ethiopia . 
  benin city was essentially a large village made of clay huts that looked impressive because of its sheer size . 
  african civilisations for me most part did n't even have writing systems, 
  africa was a shithole before we colonised then . 
  in 1870 europeans owned less than 10 % of africa . 
  in the next 90 or so years we did some horrible things , but i 'd argue africa would still be in the same position even if we left them alone . 
  then they will go the same way as argentina where a black market for euro will developed because the drachma will be worth nothing and prices will fluctuate by the day . 
  is that ... sand ? 
  i used to go there on holiday . 
  my dad got sick of all the czech people in croatia and was willing to pay slightly more to go there . 
  we always rented this villa on top of the hills overlooking the bay . 
  beautiful place . 
  got ta rely on belarus now lol, 
  lol georgia and armenia , you 're lucky it 's [ azerbaijan ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/11/azerbaijan-worst-place-to-be-gay-in-europe-finds-lgbti-index/ ) that 's considered to be the worst place to be gay in europe . 
  because unlike the balkan countries they do n't bitch over trivialities . 
  denmark apparently leads in europe : https://www.indy100.com/article/most-adulterous-countries-world-map-affairs-cheat-unfaithful-french-survey-7424631, 
  almost 4 months , suck it polsko !, 
  now that is a dilemma, 
  flashbacks to tunnel blanka ... yeah you just triggered me pretty hard there . 
  i guess it 's a matter of redtape being placed in all the wrong places . 
  it prolongs the bureaucratic process , yet does n't effectively check where money is going . 
  you can really do much better nearly anywhere in the private sector . 
  that 's barely above minimum wage .
