  i swear by the end of the century poland will be somewhere in the middle of the atlantic if you continue to move westward every generation ... 
  he 's talking about the commune of paris, 
  i have no idea why i ended up on the normal image instead of the direct link ... 
  i. . . do n't know how i ended up on the normal image ... 
  i did not know that !, 
  thanks for sharing this !, 
  makes me wonder what are other signs ' origins !, 
  the pics ' description on imgur ? 
  you ca n't see it ? 
  read the description , `` arobase '' was an old word for an arabic standard of weights ( aro = arabe , base = base , `` the arabian base [ of weights ] '' ), 
  anyone checked horizon 's pictures if charon was really a moon or just a frozen mass relay ? 
  paris, 
  it 's very common in a lot of french speaking countries , when i worked as a barman when i was younger i was told to never serve a client if he did n't say `` hello '' to me first . 
  have you tried the strasbourg christmas market ? 
  it 's one of the best !, 
  in a pretty big bistro in paris 13 , on tolbiac . 
  although i completely agree with you , before this bar i had never heard of this . 
  do you know * why * the white flag is the symbol of surrender ? 
  when an army wanted to surrender to their enemy they flew their enemy 's flag , france kicked so much ass that surrendering became associated with flying the french flag . 
  no worries :p, 
  you 'll notice that the f\u00e9d\u00e9ralistes lost and the revolutionaries won ... 
  you are nowhere near close to us , our eez is 11,035,000 km2 , only 300,000 km2 less than the usa . 
  the uk 's eez is 6,805,586 km2, 
  at first the tricolore was red-white-blue , the colors of the city of paris ( red-blue ) around the color of the king ( white ) as a sign that the people loved their king . 
  the colors were switched around to diminish the growing anger in the f\u00e9d\u00e9raliste movement as the r\u00e9volution was perceived as paris dictating its law to all of france . 
  the blue-white-red flag has no official meaning , the best i can provide in the form of poetical methaphore is [ this painting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_france#/media/file:lar7_cogniet_001z.jpg ) . 
  note that all three colors were once used as the flag of the kingdom , red was the color of st denis ' oriflamme , the original war banner of the king , in the early 13th century the blue flag with a field of fleur de lys took over and finaly during the wars of religion joan of arc 's pure white banner became the official flag of the kingdom as the `` kingdom of the virgin mary '' . 
  [ bijour missieur vincent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkqzfjn4wd4 ), 
  [ this is an actual mission in europa universalis iv ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ta5r0tr.png ), 
  wait if these are the eez then the map should really show overseas territories . 
  france has the world 's second biggest eez because of the ridiculous amounts of islands we have and i 'm pretty sure the uk is n't far behind on this one too . 
  you 're a good bot !, 
  need someone like you when muricans use their wierd temperatures too !, 
  we did our first sex ed class at 13 in my catholic private school over here ... 
  i have n't heard of a single serious historian who denied that the results of the anschluss were mostly on point with the published results . 
  austria wanted to be part of germany , it was written in austria 's constitution that austria was part of the german federation , yes the nazis were evil but on this thing they followed the people 's will . 
  yes , they 've been slowing the political unification of europe for years now , there was a reason for charles de gaulle to oppose their entry . 
  yes . 
  well yeah , i remember watching an add for 1664, 
  wait , what about all those ads for beer ? 
  well fuck you too poland , we fought 3 wars for you , lost millions of men and you call us pussies ? 
  which would only result in publishers refusing to reduce prices for eastern europeans and kill the already small ( but growing ) legal market over there as eastern europeans return to pirating while you 'll still have to pay the same price . 
   turkey ca n't do anything you realize that northern cyprus is a puppet regime right ? 
  we won the algerian war , the fln was destroyed , de gaulle did a referundum on the independance because france did not have the financial means to keep both the s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale and algeria concidering algeria 's natality . 
  but you 'd know that would you ? 
  but a franco-german military project called charlemagne would, 
  sorry , french money , french institutes , french material , french discovery, 
  it is young men sent by their villages/neighborhoods ( everyone contributes to the travel expenses ) to send back the riches from the european paradise , where everything is free and the streets are paved in gold . 
  they occupy half of an european country already, 
  good one !, 
  i 'll remember it for parties !, 
  there is a lot of farmers suicides in france , it 's becoming a real problem especialy in the already deserted [ `` diagonal of emptiness '' ] ( http://p6.storage.canalblog.com/63/38/1120970/97033139_o.jpg ), 
  people will tell you no border check and blablabla but the most important is no import/export taxes , that has a huge impact on the economy, 
  imagine you being in their shoes : their whole life they have been told that in europe everything is free that you do n't need to work that the streets are paved in gold or whatever . 
  their villages give them a fortune to go here and send them all they will ever need back from this paradise on earth . 
  then they arrive in fucking southern italy having spent all their money , there is no gold paved streets , it 's even not that rich compared to those cities in north africa , but they ear the rumors in the refugee camps : the paradise is in northern italy , the south is poor . 
  so they go to northern italy , where no streets is paved with gold and where no refugee lives like a king . 
  but they hear it in the refugee centers : france is really generous and helps everyone , you can have a personal docotr and go to university for free over there !, 
  you do n't even need to work to live with your whole family . 
  then they end up in france , where all those advantages take time and administrative papers to get and where no foreigners lives well by not working . 
  moreover the country is full of unskilled immigrants looking for work , you wo n't find your paradise there . 
  but then they hear a rumor among their traveling companions : the paradise is in great-britain !, 
  there everyone is rich , and everything is paid for by the government , they do n't even care if you are a foreigner or a refugee !, 
  you might think that refugees are naive , but no , they are desperate . 
  they are young men sent by their village who spent a fortune for them to bring back the miraculous riches of europe that they all have heard so much about . 
  they ca n't give up , they ca n't even come back , so they risk their lives for this imaginary paradise . 
  algerians are our biggest imigrant nationality, 
  while ridding a dinosaur !, 
  do you people always have anything else in mind than `` it was n't greece 's fault '' ? 
  it 's easy to take satire well when you 're the one depicted as being awesome . 
  and 50 % combat helicopter-kin ? 
  easy target to blame when things go south, 
  ah yes sins of the fathers and all , it 's nice to see that common xenophobia like yours still survive to this day ... 
  that 's the good thing with romance languages !, 
  if an italian talks to me slowly i can understand 99 % of it, 
  i have never heard someone being jealous of italy , specialy not after years of being told how naples is drowning in garbage, 
  welcome to how it feels to be french and have the whole world thinking we 're all parisians, 
  i 'm sure it 's because we also are friendly towards germany therefore friend of my enemy is my enemy, 
  i doubt french people ask `` how much costs a croissant ? '', 
  i just checked , `` combien co\u00fbte ... '' ( how much cost ... ) is filled with `` un marriage '' ( a wedding ), 
  the referundum of 2005 in france was `` do you like chirac ? '', 
  do n't try to say anyone campaigned for the no for any other reason . 
  us , not europe , do n't they also practice electroshock therapy to convert gays into hetero ? 
  `` the one who eats alone suffocates alone '', 
  alriiiight crazy ... 
  why would he `` lose his identity '' ? 
  croatia did n't lose it in the hundreds of years it was n't independent ... 
  soldiers speaking one language is relatively easy , the l\u00e9gion etrang\u00e8re manages to teach its legionaries french in around 6 months . 
  by the end of the empire was n't prague like 50 % austrian anyway ? 
  so ... that means we 're going to find how to build mass relays right ? 
   jew in any suburb/major city in europe . 
  i thought 10 % of humans were gay ? 
  completely right although two men holding hands is normal in most of the world , it 's just a sign of friendship . 
  dude , women can walk in the streets of teheran without a niqab it 's not saudi arabia ... 
  no you 're not roma , roma have a very specific culture and anyone inside their community who strays afar from it is basicaly `` banished '' one of my best friend 's friend was a roma until he got a girlfriend that made him completely change his lifestyle . 
  he got a job , a house , etc. . . the end result was that no one in his family acknowledges him anymore , it 's like he never existed to them . 
  well , they also built the roads , the aquaducts , city plumbings , unified lands that were divided and fighting each other , offered anyone willing to serve a chance at citizenship for them and their offspring ... 
  guys i do n't know if you 're aware but 99.3 % of bretons speak only french on a regular basis , breton is a moribond language , why is it always included in these sort of maps ? 
  well i already feel much safer ... 
  i guess it 's the really dry weather , you must not have one bit of wind and humidity down there,
