i love it when brits forget about this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate, 
  let them keep it , i 'd gladly do away with brits ' money to get rid of the us ' 51rst state, 
  because the uk contributes nothing to the eu and has been trying to undermine it for years ? 
  good, 
  they do n't , i lived there , no one wants independance but some old men too lost in their dreams to realize that times changed . 
  ooooh i 'm scared !, 
  the russians have the biggest manpower in the world !, 
  nevermind that their tanks are pieces of jun falling appart from ww2 and that their planes are laughably primitive ... russia 's army is pathetic and would be crushed by the eu in a matter of days if they did n't have they nukes . 
  on steam it 's censored for the whole of europe , i do not know about gaming consoles, 
  hearts of iron , medal of honor , wolfenstein , all these game franchises . 
  where censored in europe specificaly because of germany . 
  i would n't mind it if those games did n't replace the swastika with the iron cross , it 's such an insult to use a symbol of honor and courage to replace a symbol of hate . 
  let 's not even talk about south park : stick of truth and other games that are censored because of how germany rates `` violent '' games . 
  you mean except for the fact that the police calls nearly all murders `` suicide '' if there is no one to catch on the spot ? 
  holy hell i can see my swimming pool !, 
  well ... that is already the case for refugees looking for protection, 
  today is the 300 years anniversary of louis the xivth 's death so there is a lot of talk about that, 
  eh we kicked some asses in swimming a few years back , things have n't been going so well now though ... 
  the whole point of fusion is that it 's impossible for it to become `` unstable '', 
  oh man that was bad , did you train in front of a mirror before sending me * that * ? 
  must have sounded better back then . 
  i wonder , how is it to live a life where you get offended by the smallest thing ? 
  because a mariage is a contract signed between two citizens and the state , it 's not a party for fun it 's a serious ceremony where two individuals vow to the state that they want to form a household together . 
  but no you 're right , it 's just a joke and it 's much better to have someone throw jokes around during the whole thing . 
  only an elected municipal official can perform a marriage ceremony in france , we do n't take such a ceremony for a joke that can be performed by random people . 
  wait i thought the rule for migrating inside the eu was `` you can live wherever you want period '' ? 
  oh shit you 're right !, 
  my bad !, 
  ... no it 's not , you just fall asleep . 
  algeria was not a colony , it was an integral part of the republic . 
  syria was a mandate given by the sdn , nothing in common, 
  their death probably was n't horrifying , they most likely all felt dizzy and started falling asleep from the carbon poisonning . 
  does n't make it a good news but at least they did n't suffer, 
  remind me the last time sedevacantists christians took hostages in france ? 
  okay you go do that , until then you ca n't break it . 
  btw good luck with changing an international treaty like the charter of fundamental rights of the european union since you 'll need all member countries to agree, 
  when you want to act like a smart ass on the internet you got to be 100 % sure of what you are going to say , unfortunately you are an idiot and do n't even know your own constitution :  section 13 . 
  aliens in spain shall enjoy the public freedoms guaranteed by the present part , under the terms to be laid down by treaties and the law . 
  only spaniards shall have the rights recognized in section 23 [ ... ] . 
  so the spanish constitution applies to everyone and provides specific points when the law is different for aliens and nationals . 
  oh and btw the part that deals with voting rights specifically says :  ** citizens ** have the right to participate in public affairs , directly or through representatives freely elected in periodical elections by universal suffrage . 
  did i tell you that you were an idiot ? 
  well if paris ' metro ticket selling machines are representative then a city can survive with windows 98 forever ... 
  you really need to go back to school if you think constitutions only apply to citizens ... 
  because it 's a violation of the law ? 
  you realize that farmers are like ... not even 5 % of eu voters ? 
  what will they change exactly ? 
  is n't eight years enough to be granted irish citizenship ? 
  you realize that the parliament has no power over this right ? 
  it does not apply for hate speech or when you tell people to go commit a crime in most of europe ( although i do not know the specifics of belgian free speech laws ), 
  greeks , italians , southern french , spaniards are caucasian , turks are ( surprise ! ), 
  turkic . 
  i vote center-right , but our center-right must be something between bolchevism and anarchism for you ... 
  i wish ... we could even put our capital in aix-la-chapelle/aachen, 
  remind me the last i saw a brit wanting to work 70 hours/week in construction paid below the minimum wage ? 
  oh yeah that 's right , never . 
  that has nothing to do with privacy ... what 's the problem ? 
  your girlfriend cheated on you with a french guy while you were visiting france ? 
  according to recent studies of the reign if terror marie therese charlotte de bourbon , louis xvi 's daughter was raped repeatedly while imprisoned in the temple and completely lost her mind . 
  nuhu , we do n't guillotine royal children during revolutions we rape the girls until they become completely mad and we beat the boys to death in their cell . 
  well that 's how we did it ... 
  interesting !, 
  in france privacy is one of our highest rights so tabloid journals ca n't get away with as much stuff as the ones in the uk and they certainly are n't allowed to `` fuck you over '' it 's so wierd that you tolerate this , different culture i guess !, 
  maybe it comes from the terror and the occupation , now everyone just wants to be left alone ... 
  it 's pretty normal in france , we have a saying : `` to live happy , live hidden '' i remember readin a paper about this culture of anonimity and how only a handful of french people who won the euromillion accepted to have their name released compared to british people who almost always go public about it . 
  good , get the fuck off so that we do n't have to pay for your rebate any longer and can finaly create a more centralized union with germany, 
  that is completely false , the european flag has existed for much longer than the union and the twelve stars are those of the virgin mary, 
  where did i say that charlemagne was french ? 
  french culture emerged during the early capetians and the french nation awakened when jeanne d'arc changed the hundred year war from a dispute between nobles to a war of national liberation . 
  moreover french language was definitly established during the reign of fran\u00e7ois ier ( although early french has existed for much longer but it was never codified until then . ), 
  i completely agree with you , perhaps i expressed myself wrongly , i 'm not making the claim that charlemagne was french like we understand it nowadays , i 'm making the claim that he was not german . 
  franks were a germanic tribe , not a german tribe , moreover the franks were completely assimilated into gallo-roman culture by the time of charlemagne , they had nothing in common with the eastern tribes by that time . 
  ah yes we 're so afraid that you 're going to invade us !, 
  like when we ravaged the palatinate , when we kicked your ass three wars in a row and dissolved your not holy not roman not empire or when we made that nice little empire with our king charlemagne ... 
  yes yes we are definitly scared ... 
  the use of a name does not mean that the culture is still alive , or should we consider every rugby team named `` viking '' a proof that norse culture is doing well ? 
  junker prussian culture is dead , it 's the most efficient cultural genocide of all times . 
  the fact that the prussian dialect is dead goes against what you are saying ... 
  yes indeed , please tell me who controls this union ? 
  that 's right it 's the commission , and who controls the commission ? 
  national governments . 
  the eu is an easy scapegoat but that 's all it is , it does not control any immigration policy . 
  you realize that europe can do absolutely nothing right ? 
  what is this `` europe '' you even speak of ? 
  there is no european government , if you want to complain go complain to your own national government because they are the one that make the rules in the european commission . 
  the day the european parliament names a prime minister that is asked to form a government you 'll be able to whine about `` europe '' until then go to your own . 
  the empire falling into civil war did n't kill russia , the soviet union falling appart did n't kill russia , why would it fall now ? 
  could you please stop with the bullshit ? 
  9,2 % is far from being `` truly horrible '' if you really believe that go take a class in economy, 
   for some reason you teach kids that colonialism is very very evil and to take religion with a truckload of salt and then those same kids learn about a country that is colonizing right now on dubious religious grounds . 
  is it really surprising that young people ( who often see the world in black and white ) would see israel as some kind of mordor mixed with the sith empire ? 
  that 's how most republics work, 
  give us some time , there are still some atolls left to nuke in french polynesia ... 
  that 's going to be hard [ since we have a d\u00e9partement right next to you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_pierre_and_miquelon ), 
  i do n't think you realize how many art pieces are in france ... 
  if you stopped 60 seconds per art piece in the louvre and went there 8 hours a day it would take you 75 days to see everything . 
  there are over 1200 museums in france that does not include the art galleries , expos , etc. . . out of the hundreds of thousands of art pieces some are bound to be stolen . 
  picasso lived in france ... 
  i 'm not talking about the harkis , i 'm talking about the current algerian immigrants . 
  they wanted us to move out now they want to come in ...
