  treating a child like an adult is ridiculous . 
  and kids that get a good slap understand that there are concequences to acting like a brat . 
  honestly i do n't see the problem , as long as the punishment is reasonable it 's completely fine . 
  slaps do n't even hurt that much except the pride of the kids that just got slapped and it 's the whole point . 
  all i know is that i would have turned out much worse if i did n't get a slap on the face once in a while and no amount of `` understanding '' would have made the little brat i was better . 
  dream all you want, 
  fuck you , honestly . 
  the eu has spent hundreds of billions on developping eastern europe and this is what you think ? 
  you should be on your fucking knees praising the eu every single day of your life , look at bielorussia and know that it could have been your country, 
  an violence is sometimes necessary . 
  yes !, 
  i miss the [ 50 francs design ] ( http://images.delcampe.com/img_large/auction/000/107/353/094_001.jpg?v=4 ) for those who do n't know this is antoine de saint-exup\u00e9ry the author of the little prince . 
  you failed !, 
  i live in germany content blocked by gema :p, 
  [ no true scotsman ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zzsql--d_i ), 
  aaaaah the famous `` hostile foreign forces '' rethoric particularly popular in china !, 
  that 's not how it works and that 's definily not how you treat a foreign monarch who you agreed to treat respectfully, 
  [ as always commander shepard has a solution ] ( https://youtu.be/sy-erfupyba?t=3m34s ), 
  it 's more simple than that actually : people often have trouble understanding that before the revolution laws were a clusterfuck with the village next door having completely different laws and taxes because 300 years ago lord roderick ponce von fontlebottom the magnificent bastard helped the king and was granted a privilege for his lands . 
  under napoleon all countries had the same napoleonic code of law greatly favoring international trade and thus economic development . 
  a trader in spain who wanted to ship glasses to northern italy did n't have to ship it to the other side of a province first because a bishop declared 500 years ago that glasses were n't taxable there . 
  and against all the rules of honor the british betrayed napoleon , forbid him to set foot on england ( because he would have been able to claim habeas corpus ) and sent him to st helena . 
  battle of genappe 17 june 1815 ( one day before waterloo ) battle of quatres-bras 16 june 1815 , wellington retreats like a coward battle of bayonne 14 april 1814 battle of vic-bigorre 19 march 1814 battle of daunia 's raid 17 march 1814 battle of bergen op zoom 8 march 1814 battle of molins de rey 16 january 1814 . 
  out of the 14 battles fought between france and britain during their last year of war ( 1814-1815 ) france won 7 , 2 were draws ( both sides lost an equal amount of soldiers and neither gained any strategic value from the battle ) and 5 were lost . 
  in all their victory against britain france was always alone while britain never won a single battle against france on its own . 
  edit : we 're talking land battles here , britain sure kicks-ass on the seas . 
  this thread is hilarious , if any other country was being mocked by one of its european neighbours this sub would be defending the poor insulted country . 
  but it 's france so fuck the french and let 's celebrate warterloo on a coin !, 
  we should start doing the same , we won enough battles over our european neighbours to have one new coin per day !, 
  that sure is a healthy relation to have with our partners !, 
  neo-fascism only focuses on the state corporatism and single-party rule , neo-nazism adds the racist theories and nowadays are more social oriented than neo-fascists . 
  neo-nazis \u2260 neo-fascists, 
  is n't norway 's main concern in fishing laws ? 
  dude please ... 
  i lived there , my family is from there , my great grandmother could speak a little bit of occitan . 
  some guys circlejerking on the web does not always correlate to the same thing in reality . 
  if we did n't do it we would have been like germany , still divided for hundreds of years before being unified in a massive nationalistic rush . 
  encouraging regionalism only breeds division , look at belgium and spain , if they had eradicated all their regions particularism they would be united . 
  there is no reason to support something that is already dead , you ask us to `` support '' occitan but no one can talk occitan fluently anymore what is the point ? 
  ... 300 years ago , do you want us to revive celtic gallish too ? 
  how about we start talking in latin again ? 
  no one in france talks occitan as a mother tongue , arguing about who is responsible will not change that fact . 
  welcome to the club , all my great grandfathers were injured/died in ww1 but we 're a nation of cowards ... 
  ugh it 's because of paradox games that people are sure that occitania is still a thing and that people in the south of france still speak occitan ... 
  oh do n't even start !, 
  the guy was 100 % french , spoke , acted , thought like a frenchman , lived in france for his whole life ( except for the crusades and one year in england ) it 's hilarious how the english pretend he was one of theirs . 
  but hey it 's like how william the conqueror was `` normand '' ( a people that did n't exist anymore by william 's time , having been completely absorbed by the french ) or how charlemagne was `` germanic '' ( even though the franks had completely adopted the gallo-roman culture by the time of charlemagne ), 
  god let them get out once and for all and let us be rid of them . 
  most royals speak french fluently . 
  what the fuck happened to you turkey ? 
  cossacks still exist ? 
  wow i do n't know if you are joking or just stupid ... 
  actually he was n't , the frankish tribe had lost most of its germanic roots by the time of charlemagne and had adopted the gallo-roman culture of the land . 
  this whole `` charlemagne was a german '' thing is fairly recent and has no basis in real life , just like how people say `` william the conqueror was normand not french '' except for the fact that normand culture had already disappeared and been replaced by french culture by the time of william . 
  funny how anytime france does something great in history the internet will scramble to find a way to say that it was n't truly the french . 
  what the fuck, 
  napol\u00e9on never declared war against britain . 
  and also completely unethical , all deontological codes agree that a patient 's body is his own and no one else 's , siblings do not exist to provide their organs to each other . 
  besides what a great feeling that must be to know that you only exist as an organ reserve for your sibling and nothing else, 
  yes i think so , in the short run we would be left weaker but britain leaving would allow us to truly reform the union without the usa 's lapdog doing everything in its power to slow the process down . 
  but it 's not a politically correct opinion so you wo n't see this upvoted . 
  ahem , i 'm sorry but * we * have the best military , not tea drinking boys, 
  quebec does not have a veto right on every single law while simultaneously opposing any reform and proclaiming officialy that it will always obey it 's master on the other side of the atlantic, 
  this is a wrong example , haiti was in the first french colonial empire which did n't have the mission to bring civilization to the world like the second french colonial empire . 
  moreover it 's the decolonization and independance that permanently ruined haiti with a civil war accompanied by massive debts to france . 
  not justifying anything , just explaining why haiti is a bad example, 
  prostitution is legal, 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  is n't it paid by anyone living in germany not just germans ? 
  or is it a special taxe that only nationals have to pay but not residents ? 
  there is actually none , kosovo 's independance is not really legal regarding international law . 
  the difference is that germany 's occupation lasted 2-3 years . 
  the ussr 's lasted for half a century . 
  and yet you are here speading hate against people you never met and mocking people who sacrificed themselves for their country , who is the rude and arrogant one for no reason now ? 
  oh they are * very * clever , they make the fn look like it * totally * changed from the days of her father . 
  til i 'd be okay with having a female sexy dictator leading my country, 
  and here you have the reason why the american boycott of french `` products '' in 2003 was an utter failure , no our country does not rely on perfumes and fois gras . 
  50hrs/week for 600 $ per month , sorry i explained myself badly on this one, 
  yes it 's 600 brut, 
  haha , nope not the minimum wage , far from it , girlfriend works 50 hrs/week for 600 $ . 
  and she ca n't complain or else her `` ma\u00eetre de stage '' will trash her report and she will fail her master . 
  thanks !, 
  what does `` cork stag '' even means ? 
  when you learn basic economics you 'll understand how stupid your statement is, 
  yes because qatar is going to fight protestors with rafales ... 
  i work in germany and i do n't know if it 's because i work with older people who knew what life was in the ddr but a lot of my colleagues are really pissed off right now . 
  i 'd like to see the same data but only with the private sector , could be interesting ( most strikes here are by the public sector because they can never be fired ), 
  that is only in anglo-saxon countries that value multiculturalism , most countries in europe are assimilationist : you leave your culture behind, 
  ugh , sorry about that , do n't worry though he 'll be gone in two years ... 
  speak : french english german chinese want to learn : spanish russian japanese polish, 
  about rudeness : one important thing to remember is that we do not see politeness the same way as most other countries do , for example if someone steps into a small shop it 's him who has to say `` bonjour '' to the shopkeeper , not the other way around . 
  also waiters wo n't harass you every 5 minutes to ask if everything is alright and they wo n't kiss your ass because they do not rely on your tips to survive . 
  also i met a lot of americans who equated friendliness with politeness , in france being overly friendly with someone could be seen as rude . 
  ( for example when was the last time a caissi\u00e8re asked you `` bonjour comment allez-vous ? '', 
  if one asked me that i would feel pretty awkward wheras in other countries it 's normal to have one ask `` hello how are you ? '' ), 
  i 'm having a hard time thinking about a country in europe that did n't have a significant antisemitic movement in the 20s and 30s ... switzerland ? 
  i do n't really know their history though ... 
  it 's occitan , redditors do n't know that more people fluently speak latin than occitan and it seems they believe occitania is our equivalent to scotland or whatever ... 
  if the action of corrupt priests can make you irreligious then you were n't very religious to begin with ... 
  okay can you include france in any poll about africa/south america/north america/asia too ?
