  hitler was a great fan of islam and praised it a lot actually , he lamented the battle of tours/poitiers as having left europe with the weak christianity instead of the strong islam . 
  some quotes :  the peoples of islam will always be closer to us than , for example , france adolf hitler  hitler said that the conquering arabs , because of their racial inferiority , would in the long run have been unable to contend with the harsher climate of the country . 
  they could not have kept down the more vigorous natives , so that ultimately not arabs but islamized germans could have stood at the head of this mohammedan empire . 
  albert speer, 
  i think that might have something to do with a bit of a spike in homicides in november ... 
  how many people even know what the treaty is about ? 
  it was also ranked best channel by french viewers in a recent poll iirc, 
  well not really foreign , it was italians against other italians ... 
  oh my god dude please stop with those horrible stereotypes , it 's obvious you know nothing about the countries you are talking about . 
  same with japan and south korea then ... 
  well , we are the kingdom of the franks ... 
  you 're right , india totally feels like europe , same for nepal !, 
  during the last ind\u00e9pendance referundum only 1.1 % of the people voted yes so , no it was not enforced by brutality, 
  that has nothing to do with being part of the eu ... 
  reread carefuly what he wrote ... 
  when somehow his family member 's assets are not subject to uk taxes yes he is . 
  singapore is obsessed with multiculturalism, 
   if your born white in japan you will never be japanese . 
  not true anymore , things have changed a lot in recent years, 
  `` i am not a pokemon '', 
  no they did not, 
  if we accept dead people then louis de fun\u00e8s, 
  even amount elders it 's extremely rare, 
  why are foreigners so convinced that people in the south of france still speak the `` langue d'oc '' ? 
  no one uses this language even the elders can only babble it . 
  jules ferry was extremely efficient in taking down all regional languages, 
  you realize that the eu litteraly saved the uk right ? 
  when you guys joined up you had the worst economy in the eu ( hence the uk rebate ), 
  i 'm completely , utterly , totally fine with giving 7 billion euros to our friends and allies in the eu , we are the second richest country in the bloc it 's normal that we should help the other countries . 
  i 'm sure germany gives even more . 
  what that 's supposed to mean ? 
  except that they do , in my city ( tours ) the eu paid for the tramway, 
  it was used by damn near every political party at the time but the spd and kpd, 
  we give more to the cap than we get back, 
  except that we have a working government that is not utterly corrupt , that our people actually pay their taxes , that we do not lie about our debt and that our economy is not reliant on only tourism ( it 's actually a fairly small part of our economy despite us being the first touristic destination in the world ), 
  it was the principal 's idea, 
  we do n't in france it 's a very anglo-saxon thing . 
  we do n't have student unions it was the principal 's idea, 
  aka romeo and juliet law, 
  yeah except for that small thing called import taxes which makes you much less competitive, 
  no we wo n't , 80 % of our trade is with other eu countries it 's idiotic to want to leave, 
  sorry for the missunderstanding !, 
  40 millions during ghenghis ' time would be hundreds of millions in the 1900, 
  60 million dead indians in a planned famine is `` nothing outrageous ? '', 
  it 's really not , mixed marriages are very common , there is no widespread inbreeding here, 
  because diana, 
  wait what ? 
  damn !, 
  really apologize i quoted my first year law teacher on that one !, 
  ca n't believe i 've been parroting something so utterly wrong for so many years now !, 
  ugh i feel ashamed but thank you for correcting me !, 
  they have huge power , completely disproportional to their actual number of union members . 
  no one can change any law on the `` code du travail '' if no major union ( cgt , cfdt , etc ) agrees to co-sign it . 
  did n't know france was poorer than austria ... 
  aaah the good ol' `` hostile foreign forces '' rethoric from china ... 
  the only thing that annoys me with that is what about heirloom items ? 
  see i 've got this golden cross around my neck . 
  it has been there since my birth and it belonged to my great great great grandfather . 
  would the danish government really seize my cross ? 
  it only weighs like 10g it 's not worth that much ... 
  would you argue that danzig should be german too ? 
  considering americans love to be super-special by identifying as any nationality that their great great great grandparents were i 'm not surprised, 
  technicaly the president of the senate is the second most important individual in the ountry since he is the one who would lead the country in case the president dies . 
  why ? 
  making the president able to address both chambers tries to make the senate as important as the national assembly in protocol , this is a good thing . 
  somalia is a terrible example of environmental migrants , people starve in somalia because the country has been in civil war for decades , not because the climate is changing . 
  a better example would be bangladesh where conditions have worsened for years with incredibly powerful hurricanes . 
  or an even better example would be all those island nations that are going to disappear once the sea level rises, 
  if all we wanted was an economic union then you can bet that crappy poor countries would not be invited , be thankful that the eu is more than an economic union, 
  just sabotage the whole economy of the eu like greece without daesh taking off the heat so that the whole media focus solely on you for a couple of years , refuse any reform and be so incompetent and corrupt that you can not even collect your own taxes, 
  hey !, 
  my sacr\u00e9-c\u0153ur school was awesome and the nuns were cool !, 
  you can cut it if you 're under 25 ( at least that 's what i always do ) just show them your passport and the entrance is free, 
  why should france always be the one to take care of problems ( c\u00f4te d'ivoire , car , mali , etc ) when other countries like the uk , germany , italy , etc do fuck all ? 
  why should we have to pay for everything, 
  then maybe the uk should help france in mali , car , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , etc. . . ? 
  when europe will stop using us as their army and the other countries will put some efforts in defending us then we 'll be able to talk on the same level . 
  no , she opposed it when it was voted but she said that it would be ridiculous and legally impossible to remove it now . 
  the national front is a xenophobe party but not an homophobe one , they do n't want to strip rights from gays and two of their leaders are homosexuals . 
  and you never respect those you sign anyway, 
  article 15 of the universal declaration of human rights : everyone has a right to a nationality . 
  maybe we should just drop the human rights whenever it 's convenient like the us do when they justify torture uh ? 
  the us is one of the only modern state that did n't sign the international convention on the reduction of statelessness, 
  the chevalier de bayard known as * le chevalier sans peurs et sans reproches * ( the knight without fear and without ... 
  anything to be ashamed of ? 
  it 's hard to translate ) he single handedly held a bridge against 300 spanish soldiers for hours and was known across all of europe as the perfect example of what a knight should be . 
  tests wo n't show anything if the disease is in incubation period, 
  that 's completely wrong , anyone from the schenghen area can come and work in france/germany, 
  considering the fact that we do n't have to pay for school , uni , healthcare , etc. . . 
  i think it pretty much equilibrates, 
  do n't blame the union for something your leader did, 
  because it 's actually a pretty good thing ? 
  but the roman emperors did for all the pagans in their empire to convert . 
  he was n't the ceo just a top manager . 
  bakeries are opened on sunday mornings, 
  sorry but you 're forgetting that the nuremberg trials were n't only about crimes against humanity but also about crimes of war and violations of the geneva convention which germany had not signed . 
  it was ruled that the convention was inherently part of international law and was n't required to be signed to be applicable edit : i 'm not sure if it actually was the geneva convention or another convention dealing with crimes of war like the hague convention but my point still stands, 
  not really , the nuremberg trials showed that a state did not have to sign an international treaty to be bound by it, 
  [ but it 's a superb product !!, 
  ] ( http://media.lelombrik.net/t/dee1511dd9b67f40d6a86c63b99119b0/f/dee1511dd9b67f40d6a86c63b99119b0.jpg ),
