  somebody is going to get kicked out, 
  naturalized french did her researches in france buried in france honored by france, 
  lalalala ca n't hear you !, 
  french scientist, 
  you do n't need a visa to go to eu countries you have the european citizenship . 
  that 's not how the real world works kid, 
  just your daily reminder that occitanian is a nearly dead language and nobody uses it in their daily life ... 
  ah yes the good ol' parliamentary system that works so well in france with our great tradition of compromises ... oh wait no , every time france had a parliamentary system it led to complete chaos . 
  not really nobody gives a fuck over here, 
  but you have no nutella d :, 
  new caledonia is different in that it has much more than 3k inhabitants and has a much nicer weather bringing waaaay more tourism . 
  go take a statistics class , you 'll learn that increasing sample size do n't significantly change results, 
  and does n't smoke , and prays five times a day, 
  economic unity was only a means to an end : to insure that germany and france would never go to war with one another again by making them interdependent, 
  you 're right , we should fix this by introducing systemic populism and demagogy ... 
  things are bad now because no one wants to do the unpopular reforms that are needed because it would jeopardize their chances to be reelected , imagine what it would be like if every controversial issue was put under referendum ... 
  oh i 'm sorry i did n't know surveys and strikes counted as referendums ... 
  no , i 'm saying that hate is understandable if misaimed when people are getting butchered on a monthly bassis . 
  not really considering the number of female suicide bombers ... 
  islamophobia is a crime in france, 
  sorry i missed the part where germans where still gassing jews * right now *, 
  you 'd do the same if you once lived in the ddr with no means of escaping but to face incredible odds and risk your life over it . 
  merkel just feels empathy for people who she thinks are in the same situation she once was ( although i 'd argue syrians are much more justified than east-germans in trying to escape , you were n't facing certain death every days in east-germany ), 
  i dare you to even try to `` walk '' like the athletes do for 200m , it 's one of the most physicaly intense sports in the olympics, 
  but i 'm not american ... 
  the ranking is determined by gold medals then silvers then bronze , not by medals won, 
  as others have explained it was only a half pardon and a very controversial one at that because of the absolute lack of any proof that the husband was indeed abusive before being shot in the back three times . 
  the court refuses to free her because she refuses to admit that she is guilty of something and thinks that she is a victim instead of a murderer, 
  back off germany . 
  using foreigners as cannon fodders is our thing ... 
  do not compare the us to france , our countries have nearly nothing in common and the concept of a central republic is completely alien to americans, 
  storm of chaos was an utter failure , if gw respected the battle results archaon would have been pulverized right out of his wastelands ... 
   the marginalization of migrant youths has often been blamed on the gap between paris and its suburban areas and surrounding regions . 
  that is complete bullshit , most `` migrant youths '' live in the ile-de-france region ( the dark green in the middle of the yellow sea ) . 
  the problem is that france is an extremely centralized country , so much so that if you want to have a good degree you 're forced to move to paris as nearly all the good schools are there . 
  it 's a brain drain of the surrounding regions that 's all , there is no great conspiracy against `` migrant youth '' as if we depended on migrants to be innovative ... 
  says the german ? 
  let a thousand flowers bloom ... 
  you do n't understand , his point was that for example you ca n't judge a mentally deficient person or a child the same way you judge a normal adult . 
  that 's why you do n't get the same penalty for accidentaly killing someone than for planning and executing his assassination . 
  to those who think that 's ridiculous , our national tv interviewed a man who was next to his mother 's dead body in nice , it 's so disgusting ... 
  rea the article , no one in the eu said anything about that , it 's just uk `` officials '' dreaming, 
  it 'll be snowing in hell before he links you anything ... 
  it was supposed to unify with greece until the whole occupation thing happened, 
  yeah because europe is soooooo dependent on scotland right ? 
  get real , scotland needs us we do n't need scotland, 
   unless you had papers in journals , or patents . 
  so you just needed to prove you were n't a bumbling buffoon ? 
  i said `` long term plan '', 
  i learned it at a conference on nuclear power organized by the legion of honor ( yes they make conferences ! ), 
  and the rotary club , one famous powerplant that recycles nuclear waste is the fessenheim nuclear powerplant which is unfortunately very old and soon due to be decommissioned . 
   noone has the slightest idea what to do with it . 
  actually we do , we recycle it and only 1 % of the original waste is left and the plans to deal with that 1 % are many but the most widely accepted long term plan is to use a space elevator to hurl the wastes to the sun, 
  you force integration on them , you bring back the black hussards of the republic you build low rent apartments in a wide enough area that they are diluted geographically and isolated to people sharing their culture . 
  finally you bring back the military service so that the young can learn order and discipline instead of becoming petty criminals, 
  you buy it you own it, 
  except that the nazis did * not * burn the reichstag , we have evidence from when it happened that show that the nazi leadership was in pure panic when it happened and really thought that a kpd coup was underway . 
  did they profit the hell out of it ? 
  of course they did , but they did n't do it, 
  it 's to make himself look heroic to the people , propaganda 101, 
  was this the khemalists ' swan song ? 
  could have been jean-fran\u00e7ois the radical catholic royalist trying to avenge the king !, 
  it comes from france you salty sauerkraut, 
  1.5 million frenchmen participated in the invasion of germany at the end of the war , the first soldiers to cross the rhine were french . 
  all chancellors of germany are appointed by the president , just like the uk 's pm is appointed by the queen . 
  as the leader of the majority party with a viable coalition with von papen hitler was the only viable choice for hindenburg even though he hated the very idea to make `` that bohemian corporal '' chancellor . 
  you just walk up the line , show them your passport and they let you in . 
  that 's what happened last time i went there, 
   when is the last time we 've had peace in europe for this long ? 
  pax romana according to wikipedia, 
  you had one job, 
  i know of no source that states that french were aryan , the british upper class was very respected by hitler but he always viewed the french as being mixed blood degenerates who knew how to fight very well, 
  `` last minute resistant '' designates anyone who joined during and after 1942 when the german attack in the ussr grinded to a halt and it became obvious that the nazis had neither the manpower nor the resources to win a long-fought war against both the soviets and the americans . 
  remember that by 1942 algeria was in allied hands again , the fall of germany was a certainty the only question was who would be the first to step into berlin . 
  self flagellation ? 
  not at all , the conscensus is that he was a `` last minute resistant '' like so many colaborators did to save their skin at the end of the war . 
  of course no one on the left is going to say that mitterant was a traitor ... 
   in late february 1943 , otto br\u00e4utigam of the reich ministry for the occupied eastern territories claimed he had the opportunity to read a personal report by general eduard wagner about a discussion with heinrich himmler , in which himmler had expressed the intention for special forces of the ss to kill about 80 % of the populations of france and england after the german victory . 
  [ 136 ] in an unrelated event , hitler had on one occasion called the english lower classes `` racially inferior '' . 
  [ 137 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sea_lion#deportation, 
  we even made one president, 
  they were kinda-sorta , hitler had plans for a united europe of strong nations although with a single currency , although the plans were never developped far enough , for example they did n't know if they wanted to accomodate france ( hitler 's personnal plan ) or just exterminate the french ( himmler 's plan ), 
  ok my bad for the missunderstanding !, 
  i thought you were saying those with a victim complex were the kurds and armenians !, 
  i never went to turkey so i ca n't say how it is over there , but i know for a fact that a lot of people here prefer turks to say algerians as `` at least they are hard working '' or something around those lines . 
  you mean the actual people that your country tried to destroy ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law use a / s next time please , it 's really hard to see humor considering the amount of nutjobs we have around here, 
  remember i said the french not france about the bit on washington , there is a difference but it would be political suicide for the government to completely align itself on the usa . 
  sarkozy got crucified for making us rejoining the nato integrated command and even now is called an american lapdog, 
  it 'll be snowin in hell before france accepts to be an american lapdog , we are waaaay too proud of our independence in foreign policy and people in france are extremely hostile to washington, 
  someone on r/france looked up the first 20 french meps and all had worked a `` real '' job before , he stopped at 20 but that makes you generalization ridiculous . 
  but hey at least you may realize that you are a victim of populist propaganda and try to inform yourself ... 
  please show me where tanks were used you moron, 
  serious answer : because it was ruled by the netherlands then when belgium fought for independence it was cut off from the `` mainland '' and transitioned into an independent country with the treaty of london, 
  pretty rich coming from a swede where women are raped and forced to wear a burka and where a caliphate is being instated . 
  oh look i can make retarded claims too !, 
  the point . 
  you missed it . 
  yes yes sir , now please take your pills, 
  because sweden refuses to use the euro ?
