  because we want to work with countries we are 100 % sure share our philosophy on the matter ? 
  those that took the big risk of a great leap into the unknown of sharing and opening to past enemies instead of those that came after to profit from our hard work ? 
  his party was the first german party in number of mps and he made a coalition government with other rightist groups like hugenberg 's and von papen 's ... 
  where did i say that they were fucking us over economicaly ? 
  ah yes you 're right !, 
  i wonder what country actually threatened to veto everything unless all the eastern european countries were invited ... oh wait !, 
  i just remembered !, 
  it 's the uk !, 
  i wonder if this actually happened ... 
  tell me , does sydney 's only advantage as a financial capital is that it opens the chinese market ? 
  because that 's what london is , its only attraction is that it opens a market of hundreds of millions of consumers , a market that they are leaving . 
  it 's not for you , this plan is for a `` 2 speed europe '' with the original 6 ( france , germany , benelux and italy ) forming a closer union so that the countries that are only in it for the money stop fucking us over, 
  i always wondered why the imperium did n't just do an orbital bombardment , i mean if they could transport the ghosts then it means they have mastery over the skies ... 
  the frenchman you paraphrase said that because he found the treaty too light to permanently take germany out and too harsh to ever make them forgive , he wanted toke the treaty harsher by having the german empire dissolved ( so it became a patchwork of small countries like it was pre-1870, 
  no we do not you lying smug smart ass ... 
  was n't austria suspended once ? 
  you 're only 5th because you take hookers an drugs in your calculations , something we do not, 
  we did n't turn anything , have you ever even read schuman ? 
  please grow up, 
  right to self determination , a nation can declare independence at any time an it would be valid in international law , no need of a mandate for that , not even a referendum , a parliament is enough, 
  you do n't seem to understand that britain does n't have to agree on it for it to be a valid referendum , in international law it 's called the right to self-determination and it trumps all national laws . 
  poland has no weight anymore , before they could band up with other eurosceptics like the uk but now france and germany , the biggest defenders of the federal project , are free to rule however the fuck they want ( which is bad ), 
  you 're dreaming if you think scotland will have any favor when joining , it will have to agree to schengen and eventually adopt the euro . 
  like every country that joined after 94 ( or is it 97 ? ), 
  keep dreaming bud . 
  charlemagne , aachen/aix-la-chapelle was his capital and he is considered an emperor of both france and germany, 
  thanks !, 
  i knew i had read the term in english before and that my translation was not right at all !, 
   they ca n't unilaterally declare independence . 
  they absolutely can , it 's called the `` right of self determination '' in international law, 
  damn , can you brits do anything but bitch about paying ? 
   i am not sure ( and i am really not sure ) if that 's possible . 
  it is , in french it 's called the `` droit des peuples de disposer d'eux m\u00eame '' which can be translated as `` the right of nations to rule themselves '', 
  any way to get the national 's cover picture ? 
  it looks awesome !, 
  you realize that they are a puppet regime right ? 
  it 's like saying that all those ssrs * definitly * wanted to be in the ussr ... 
  alright i 'm back , so here is where you are wrong when talking about french `` incompetence '' : first the plan : most americans seem to think that france never expected germany to attack by belgium , they did expect it , that was the whole reason for the maginot line ( remember that the maginot was so fortified that even today it would be completely impossible to attack with modern weapons beside the use of nukes ) . 
  it was a plan to force germany to attack through the flat north of belgium where a pincer movement would trap the german army with no possibility of retreat by sea as britain would insure dominance on that front . 
  now you may ask `` then why was n't the whole french army in belgium already to wait for the attack ? '', 
  because belgium refused to allow such a thing and declared itself neutral , this is also why france did n't attack when germany was attacking poland , the germans had an equivalent of the maginot line called the siegfried line . 
  moreover the belgians had also constructed formidable forts on their border with germany so they thought in the event of an attack that they could delay the germans long enough for the french to arrive . 
  here two things happened : first the hitler made a ridiculous plan that no one of his generals believe would work : he used paratroopers to capture the belgian forts , something no one expected . 
  this made the belgian line crumble much faster than thought it would and rushed the french to the north of belgium to await for the attack . 
  then hitler made another ridiculous plan that no one believed would work : make the tank divisions go through the heavily forested southern part of belgium ( the ardennes ) [ to cut off and trap most of france 's forces in belgium . 
  ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/bataille_de_montcornet#/media/file:1940franceblitz.jpg ) you have to understand that both these actions are not strokes of genius but definitly huge gambits that against all odds worked , by all account they should not have , tanks are not made to go through forestbut the warm summer reduced the amount of mud that was to be expected there . 
  finally the last nail in the conffin was the british who abandonned the french and belgians during the siege of dunkerque : without telling anyone they ran to their boats , leaving huge gaping holes in the city 's defensive line leaving their allies to die alone , this is what triggered a huge conspirationist theory in france about how britain had been in league with hitler to destroy france with the aim to seize our colonies , the fact that britain only sent a pathetic amount of troops on the groud to help us did not help . 
  after that the french morale was completely destroyed and there was no hope for the battle of france to be won , no one understood how the most powerful army in the world had just been destroyed completely . 
  the british offer to make a `` sacred union '' with france ( basically merging the two countries in one ) was seen as the proof that all along britain wanted to take our lands . 
  the fact that the british then attacked our navy did not help ... 
  even hitler did n't believe his luck and he made extensive plans during the war to either accommodate france as a future ally ( remember that the vichy regime was officially neutral ) or to permanently take it down ( himmler had made plans to wipe out the french people after the jews were taken care of ) . 
  after the battle of bir-hakeim hitler famously said . 
   you hear , gentlemen ? 
  this is more evidence of what i have always claimed -- that the french are , after us , the best soldiers . 
  even with its current birthrate , france will always be able to mobilize a hundred divisions . 
  after this war , we will have to find allies able to contain a country capable of military exploits that astonish the world like they have right now at bir-hakeim . 
  i hope this helped you understand the fall of france a bit better it is a combination of luck , missunderstandings and distrust among the allies that provoked it , not of `` incompetence '' the french plan was good and would probably have worked although we will never know . 
  also [ here is an example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_montcornet ) of a french armored division going against a german armored division one on one and as you can see the technical superiority of the french tanks leaves no doubt as to who had the better equipment . 
  you realize that the baguette is just one out of hundreds of french breads ? 
  i can do that , but i have to work right now , can i come back to you later this evening if you do n't mind ? 
  france and britain were allies , you do n't think these people were clever enough to think about their allies ' strength ? 
  well done !, 
  you just showed that you have absolutely no knowledge of world war 2 !, 
  that is completely historicaly wrong , the whole german army command was sure that germany would lose a war in 1938 , that is why they plotted to have hitler assassinated as soon as he launched the invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  meanwhile france had the biggest , best equipped army in europe and britain 's navy would choke germany to death , do n't also forget that mussolini was still bitter over the anschluss and definitly did not want czechoslovakia to be german ( he was infuriated over the annexation as he personally guaranteed that czechoslovikia would remain independent ) . 
  wow !, 
  damn , i ca n't believe that !, 
  then you 're right , i take back what i said, 
  they can call for whatever they want , only the president can initiate a referundum ( or 1/5th of the national assembly + 1/10th of the population but good luck getting 6,5 million signatures on something and even then if either the national assembly or the senate vote on the matter in the next 10 months then no referundum takes place in this case ), 
  same in france, 
  how do they know the real figure for france ? 
  it 's forbidden to do race/religion polls/census for both the government and private companies, 
   i talked about people . 
  the vast majority of research institute are skewed . 
  so ... you 've got a magic power that can tell you exactly what the french people are thinking at all times ? 
   the pharmaceutical and tobbacco lobbys , working on laws that will be applied on the whole eu . 
  ah yes the tobbacco lobby ... so powerful that the eu just forbid flavored cigarrettes ... 
  except that you are wrong , last polls showed that most french still favor the eu . 
  oh and btw what is corrupt in the eu ? 
  and hum ... you know , the fact that they military occupy half of an eu member ? 
  go read a history book, 
  hum ... verdun was the other way around , the plan was for germany to attack a place ( verdun ) that france could n't abandon due to national pride ( the city of verdun never fell during the war of 1870 , the prussians had to go around it ) and `` bleed france white '', 
  i love how the brits managed to spin the story so that it 's russia 's and france 's fault , meanwhile most people arrested for violence were english fans and all video evidence shows that the ones destroying property were english, 
  most english causing violence in marseilles did n't even have a ticket for the game so that would n't change a lot, 
  that 's something only the british media says , there is no evidence of this according to the police , but hey it 's always our fault right ? 
  all the people causing violence who were arrested were english , not russian ... 
  what 's the i ? 
  dude what 's that bit about africa ? 
  literally every clich\u00e9 on neanderthal depicts him as white and living in europe ( usually the alps for whatever reason ) while the superior homo sapiens who replaces him comes from africa ... 
  cheese eating surrender monkeys, 
   ** what is the model ? 
  have cake & eat it . 
  ** they do n't even hide it . 
   more catholics than protestants take that kulturkampf !, 
  oh and here we go again ... 
  thank you for your insight mr geopolitical expert who has never lived in france we will call you when we need yet another internet armchair expert ... 
  italy did not annex it , it was put under personnal union , it 's very different, 
  italy occupied them from 39 to 43 exactly the same number of years that germany was under occupation , moreover italy 's occupation was never recognized by anyone outside the axis powers . 
  finaly italy never annexed albania , they just declared victo-emmanuel to be king of albania ( like how liz is queen of britain and of canada , australia , etc. . ) you can read more on that here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albanian_kingdom_ ( 1939 % e2 % 80 % 9343 ), 
  does germany only exists since 1949 ?
