  my family in the south of france had 43 \u00b0 c , how much is it in madrid ? 
  is that how you call teenagers who want to feel special ? 
  i do n't think you understood his analogy , to `` restrain '' the `` patient '' that is greece would mean invading it with an army , topple its government and declare martial law through a puppet regime . 
  you really think we 're gona do that ? 
  felicitations !, 
  you do realize that hitler never had children right ? 
  he was n't their `` father '' but their cousin . 
  fuck that !, 
  who ? 
  the attack took place in an industrial plant , i 'm pretty sure even if those guns were allowed on the streets that they would have to be locked up once you come into such a workplace ... 
  wait what ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's so ridiculously machiavelian, 
  no but i do think that the greek pension system is unsustainable like most economists have been saying for years , it 's the costliest pensions system in the developped world . 
  to be honest that 's a pretty fucking cool flag . 
  but i doubt it was the flag that pulled the trigger of mr white power 's gun . 
  what about the boers ? 
  there has never been any proof of this rumor about hitler 's family being true and if you know anything about human beings you 'd know that not having children because `` their name is hard to carry '' is not how human beings work at all . 
  except that you 're wrong , the greek budget was finally recovering which was the first step towards economic recovery . 
  now that 's interesting !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  you realize it was n't the real queen who skydived with james bond right ? 
  ah yes and france , a civil law country , is * totally * the same as the uk , a common law country ... 
  if this upsets you so much come to france , live here 10 years or serve 5 years in the foreign legion , get french citizenship and go into politics . 
  by the way even if you managed to change the law guns would still be illegal to own . 
  for self-defense to be `` legitimate '' it has to follow the rule of `` proportionality '' meaning that if someone punches you you can punch him but you ca n't shoot him unless he has a gun . 
  uh , that 's so wierd ... 
  maybe you call it saint 's day ? 
  shit i completely forgot you guys !, 
  i was only thinking of the protestants when i said that , of course you guys also celebrate name days !, 
  it 's a catholic tradition so i guess only catholic countries will celebrate it . 
  sure no problem , can i ask for your patience though ? 
  i 'm on my phone right now . 
  then your country was irrelevant . 
  french was the official language of every court in europe from westminster to stockholm , from vienna to st. petersburg . 
  french was the language of diplomats , of artists and philosopher for centuries . 
  but hey good for you and your country if you did n't need to communicate with the rest of the world !, 
  please go say that to a history teacher so you can get schooled . 
  the langue d'oc is a moribound language , no one speaks it at home anymore and only elders ( and academics i guess ) know a few bits and pieces, 
  the bbc also says that the old guard retreated which is a gross historical mistake , it was the middle guard that retreated , as cambronne said `` the guard dies and does not surrender ! '', 
  more like fucking prussians !, 
  wellington had lost waterloo and was in full retreat when bl\u00fccher came to save his ass !, 
  i do n't understand anything that you said and fyi i use a condom because i 'm not stupid and do n't want to catch a disease and put a girl i do n't even care about pregnant and i think everyone should do the same . 
  as i said all you have to do to be a catholic is to believe in the creed , anything else is just mental wanking by people with way too much time on their hands . 
  nobody cares about `` your humanae vitae '' and nobody even knows what it is . 
  hey !, 
  show some respect !, 
  i lost 3 ancestors to get your country independant ( one in napy 's army , one in ww1 and another in ww2 ) you call that `` fickle '' ? 
  i do n't know what your humanae vitae is and i do n't care , here is what i have to say though :  i believe in god , the father almighty ,  creator of heaven and earth ;  and in jesus christ , his only son , our lord :  who was conceived by the holy spirit ,  born of the virgin mary ;  suffered under pontius pilate ,  was crucified , died and was buried . 
   he descended into hell ;  the third day he rose again from the dead ;  he ascended into heaven ,  is seated at the right hand of god the father almighty ;  i believe in the holy spirit , the holy catholic church , the communion of saints , the forgiveness of sins , the resurrection of the body , and life everlasting . 
  amen . 
  that 's all i need to say to be catholic , i do n't care about wierd theological debates and i think most catholics are like me , very few care about dogmas and specific points of religious theory . 
   it 's not a crime please go back to your highschool where you can talk about your imaginary international laws with your teacher , i 'm not going to waste my time . 
  not helping people aboard a sinking ship is a crime . 
  constantinople ? 
  i did n't talk about `` shelter '' , put most of europe 's fleets in the mediterranean , intercept migrant boats , bring them back to africa 's shores and sink the ships once the migrants have been evacuated . 
  i do n't understand why we do n't help italy over this , this is a european problem all of europe should help deal with these migrants with their fleets . 
  america does not have the european court of human rights , america does not let florida deal with this problem alone without any federal help . 
  not according to the european court of human rights since we do not have the facilities that are adequately `` humane '' to keep so many people jailed . 
  the entitlement is stong with these ones . 
  it nearly happened during the interwar , if things had been different ... 
  next time you go there watch closely : these guys have all their products on top a piece of cloth , the pieces of cloth have strings that when grabbed will close it . 
  policemen can only arrest illegal sellers caught in the act and these sellers have young watchers everywhere around them that warn them when the cops arrive . 
  if you 're lucky one day you 'll see it , it 's one of the most impressive thing to see , i never saw so much stuff disappear in so many pockets in a couple of seconds . 
  please tell me what is not better about having a generational replacement level of birth . 
  even if our birth rate was much higher it 's always good : more people means more taxes , we are a developped country so we relly mostly on the tertiary sector so no need for large tracts of farmlands or industrial sectors ... 
  i do n't see the problem , besides europe is n't very densely populated when you look at places like the chinese coast, 
  both , france has the highest native birth rate in western europe due to its great natalistic policy ( http://europa.eu/epic/countries/france/index_en.htm ) and the immigrant population has an even higher rate of birth ( 3 . something per immigrant women ), 
  let the most fertile win !, 
  http://eeas.europa.eu/human_rights/adp/index_en.htm for more information, 
  good luck with beating us by 2050 with only 77 million people :p , france has \u00b1 800k births/year and is already at 66\u00a0300\u00a0000 inhabitants source ( official ) : http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/detail.asp?ref_id=bilan-demo&amp;reg_id=0&amp;page=donnees-detaillees/bilan-demo/pop_age2b.htm, 
  there will be no war . 
  france and the uk are nuclear powers there * can not * be a war if war does break out then there will be no fighting just nuclear mushrooms . 
  [ here is what commander shepard has to say about that ] ( https://youtu.be/gahgn3pf5tk?t=2m29s ), 
  says the american safely in his home a continent away and an ocean between him and the potential battlefield . 
  the american whose country lost less people due to war in its entire history than mine did in just ww1 ... 
  it 's not only immigration in france , we have the [ best maternity benefits on the continent ] ( http://europa.eu/epic/countries/france/index_en.htm ) allowing us to have a much better natural population growth . 
  as for the `` area surrounding berlin '' it 's just the problem with the old ddr as usual . 
  just a century or two and we will be back with 1/4th of europe 's population :p, 
  you ca n't be part of the eu if you have the death penalty, 
  and that treaty is a violation of the fundamental laws of the kingdom of france and louis the xivth had no right to sign it as decided by a french court . 
  here are the succession laws explained in french : - l\u2019h\u00e9r\u00e9dit\u00e9 : le fils du roi succ\u00e8de \u00e0 son p\u00e8re . 
  - ** l\u2019indisponibilit\u00e9 de la couronne ( this is the important one !, 
  i 'm going to translate the `` indisponibilit\u00e9 de la couronne : the king can neither designate his heir nor renounce to the crown or abdicate . 
  it was used to break louis the xivth testament that designated his two legitimated bastards , the duke of maine and the count of toulouse as potential heirs if there was no other successor . 
  the crown is the symbol of the royalty . 
  nevertheless louis the xivth 's grandson renounced the french crown for himself and his heirs to become philippe v of spain this renounciation is held as nul and void . 
  i studied french law and we study ancien regime law as part of the cursus ( as well as merovingian law if you can believe it ) we were taught that louis xiv did not have the right to make his son 's spanish branch `` independant '' since one of the `` fundamental law '' of the french kingdom was that the king can not decide who can or can not succeed him . 
  basically it 's a huge ( and pointless ) legal clusterfuck but a french court ruled a few years ago that indeed the spanish bourbons are now the legitimate heirs of the french kingdom since louis xiv did not have the right to separate the branches of the family . 
  aaaah i love how nobility is anything but noble these days ... 
  ah thanks for the clarification , we did a bit of ancien regime law in first year of law university but it 's a bit blurry now . 
  grow up, 
  except that the tensions in germany were real and the nazis were just one of the many violent groups attempting to take power . 
  how has this to do with anything ? 
  maybe because varoufakis and tsipras are demagogue and populists who got in power by promising the moon to the greeks while juncker is a political veterans and an administrative genious ? 
  that 's not even legitimate afaik . 
  louis-alphonse de bourbon is the head of the house of bourbon and the capetian dynasty , he is the only one that can strip a member of the family from their title . 
  oh * please * do n't act like a 5 year old and twist my words , you 're better than that and you insult everyone 's intelligence by doing it, 
  a child is a child and children need to be taught discipline and respect . 
  when your dog craps on your floor your do n't have a talk with it , you smack it on the top of the head and you tell it to go sit on the corner of the room .
