  the nazis did not burn the reichstag , we have testimony from the night it happened that show that the party leadership was in full panic and was convinced that a kpd coup had just started . 
  they did abuse the hell out of it to justify their actions though . 
  it 's called charcuterie , 
  that 's the difference between british mps and french d\u00e9put\u00e9s , mps represent their constituency while the d\u00e9put\u00e9s represent the nation, 
  the winter war was indeed humiliating for the ussr but finland did lose in the end and got worse terms that what the soviets demanded before it . 
  moreover the red army was just coming out of the great purges and had no officers worthy of the title , that 's not the case now, 
   neighbouring stable countries such as ... ? 
  dude , you ca n't compare italian subdialects to a country as diverse as france , from the germanic alsacians , to the celtic britons and in between that we have southeners , people from nice , etc. . . 
  it was either getting rid of all this diversity or having the country on the brink or breaking down after every crisis it 's really now the same . 
  never cared ? 
  haha quite the opposite , we cared a lot , we exterminated any other languages through forced assimilation and it was the greatest idea we ever had , look at spain , look at britain , now look at us . 
  do you see any people like catalans or scots in france ? 
  nope because those people do n't exist anymore , appart for a few grandpas and edgy teens on the internet everyone only speaks french and that 's a good thing for our nation 's stability . 
  you know how many people talk corsican every day in corsica ? 
  a handful, 
  oh so it 's fine to butcher children and elders but raping is no-no ? 
  you 've got fucked up morals if you think like that ... 
  algeria was fully part of france , it did n't have a government nor did we pretend it was independent . 
  ah yes the good old 5 year old way of thinking `` you 're either for or against something !, 
  no grey areas ! '', 
  censuses are for non-puppet governments, 
  you 're right , we should totally approve of the red army butchering and raping its way to berlin !, 
  to be fair that was n't the taxes but the bread merchants speculating on the price of bread in paris , the king had tried to regulate the market but the nobility opposed it because they had invested heavily in it . 
  louis xvi and marie antoinette even used their personnal wealth to buy bread to feed the parisian poors ... 
  yes because we do not have enough social housing in paris , outside of the ile de france it 's easier to find one . 
  yes because i 'm obviously responsible for the actions of my entire country even though i was n't able to * vote * at the time right ? 
  if only we had a constitution ... 
  it 's common knowledge jupp\u00e9 was innocent and took the fall for chirac, 
  no way , this would be a nightmare for all our border hoping workers and the current time incites better cooperation with our friend germany, 
  that 's a big no no in international relations , it would make britain completely untrustworthy and no one would ever sign a fair trade deal with them again . 
  in a car so ca n't link anything but it 's public knowledge he was innocent and he took the fall for chirac, 
  hey !, 
  i just left for a party !, 
  mind if i answer tomorrow ? 
  ( sorry about that do n't hesitate to message me if i forget ), 
  because the socialist party has never been so hated and alain jupp\u00e9 is extremely popular , first he is pretty old and has already announced that he would n't try to get reelected , this means he 'll have the courage to do the reforms that need to be done . 
  secondly the socialists have utterly failed in the delinquency department and the right is seen as `` tougher '' on crime . 
  thirdly france has lost a lot of international prestige and jupp\u00e9 is seen as an impressive statesman that will bring back some color to france on the international scene . 
  speaking about the international scene our relations with merkel 's germany have suffered recently and a right wing politician could help in that department . 
  fourthly jupp\u00e9 is a `` liberal '' rightist meaning that he is not socially conservative so he is pretty popular with the center . 
  finally jupp\u00e9 is seen as being `` above the melee '' even though i disagree a lot of people think he can not be corrupted like the others due to his age and the fact that he did not hesitate to go to prison to respect his principles . 
  i do n't know where you 're living mate , but you may have missed that the uk 's currency has fallen to its lowest level in decades and * nothing * has started yet, 
  you owe the eu 20 billion euros , so ... 
  i ' l sorry but really we do n't give a shit about the uk , honestly until brexit how often did you see the uk mentioned in the newspaper ? 
  they are a non-entity to us , the only ones that matter are germany , the us , china and * sometimes * japan ( and that 's very rare ), 
  they 're dead , the republican party is 99 % sure to win, 
  you can bet your ass they 'll look everywhere for a reason to cancel the elections, 
  funds are n't illimited in french elections , the constitutionnal court reviews where your money came from and can cancel an election if there are irregularities . 
  we do n't know what will happen since the negociations have n't even started , that 's the problem, 
  ah the good ol' german superiority complex ... 
  that isis recruits are retarded ? 
  you 're right but come on some are hard to miss , look at [ the 500 euros bill ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/e0a9bbc35cd94756a6bfa0a69ba5f3bb/500-euro-banknote-back-side-plain-flat-native-size-not-upscaled-bhne0m.jpg ) and then look at the [ viaduc de millau ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fr/7/76/viaduc_de_millau_2.jpg ), 
  is n't it the bridge on our 5 $ bills ? 
  just marry an old hag , take seduction and legitimize the bastard you want to be heir . 
  no , not at all , one of the major point of any monarchy is the `` indisponibility of the crown '' meaning the king/queen can not decide who is the heir as he does not own the crown ( god does ) it 's also why in france the king was forbidden to abdicate or to refuse the crown . 
  which was a prayer made for louis the xivth wishing him recovery for his anal fistula ... 
  they actually did , they agreed to disagree and to peacefully separate into two groups , that 's why legion is so shocked by the heretics spying on them in his lq, 
  ah yes the `` geth consensus '' an allegedly perfect government form where every citizen 's opinion on every matter is carefully examinated and where every decision is hunanimous ... we 've already dismissed that claim . 
   a former president who was beaten when he was candidate for a second mandate tries to come back losing an election does not end one 's political carreer in france , only de gaulle had the decency required for that . 
   the current president is in a catastrophic position beyond unpopularity it 's been the case for every single president of the vth , of course hollande just beats all records . 
  i can bet you that he 'll be rememberred fondly in a decade like chirac is now . 
   both major parties ( socialist party and republican party ) do not have one candidate that clearly dominates the other and have a big majority of his party with him alain jupp\u00e9 is dominating and is 99 % sure to win . 
   far-right wing has been working hard and quite successfully to get a less extreme image this new image crumbled after the municipal elections when it became obvious the fn had n't changed at all . 
  how about friendships ? 
  uk was n't in the eurozone, 
  i just left to work , can i get back to you later ? 
  if you do n't mind, 
  never seen such a rare specimen in my life, 
   catalan nationalists in france who ? 
  the uk never crossed us in economy size , it just started adding black markets to its calculations ( drugs , prostitution , etc. . . ) something we do not do . 
   all across the western world . 
  it was accross the whole world , i know it was a long time ago but there was only a handful of countries that did not send their support to the us at that time , even russia and china were supportive . 
  nato was madated by the un to intervene in afghanistan, 
   a third world shithole overrun with drug cartels , smuggling drugs and other bullshit into our country constantly . 
  are you talking about the us or mexico ? 
  i ca n't tell ... 
  sorry for the pedantry but there is no 0 a.d year , the year after -1 a.d was 1 a.d it 's easier to remember it if you remember that a.d means anno domini ( year of our lord ), 
  do n't listen to him he obviously never went there , they are nothing like acadiens and are like any other french town, 
  new-york times does just that for france so ... 
  who ? 
  you 're kidding ? 
  free easy marks !, 
  iirc there is an article that the eu can trigger to kick out a member immediatly if that member is deliberately sabotaging the working of the union, 
  louis the xivth was a great king though , he did an immense amount of work to improve the running of the state, 
  not our fault you did n't put barricades in patay and ended up losing the entirety of our longbowmen ... 
  no because `` give back unto caesar '' if you follow jesus then you have to follow the law of where you live, 
  my oh my you 're right !, 
  she trashes the place of a guy no one likes and the scene is extremely funny !, 
  what a bad flaw !, 
  and she steals to help her friends !, 
  be reasonable these are positive flaws typical of the mary sue character . 
  these are endearing flaws typical of the mary sue character ... 
  exactly , napol\u00e9on did the same , he always won his plebiscites with an overwhelming majority but he also `` adjusted '' the numbers ( notably by boosting the number of soldiers who turned up to vote to send a message to his enemies outside of france that his soldiers were ready to die for him ), 
  wonder why that 's the case ... 
  tell us of one character flaw she has ... she has none , therefore she is a mary sue, 
  you 'd be surprised, 
  of course i do !, 
  need it to wear my giants armor, 
  that 's akin to being kicked out , you no longer pay fees , you can not vote , you are basically persona non grata , and if the uk starts blocking any reform you can bet it 'll happen to them, 
  the eu is actually allowed to kick a member out if that member is obviously harming the eu,
