those are all interesting ideas , but that 's missing the point . 
  the point is n't that freight rail ca n't be improved , but that you inherently have far less incentive to use it to the extent we do ( as you have ports and boats  trains in energy efficiency ) and far less of the `` move a bunch of similar stuff a really long distance '' that drives costs way down . 
  so we have way more financial inventive to explore those topics than you do . 
  much of what you mention is technically possible , but very expensive to implement and requires a very high volume of demand to make financial sense to actually do . 
  ex : we know how to make trains communicate better with each other and have a tighter knowledge of where they 're located , it 's in better signaling systems like are used in higher-end passenger systems . 
  said signaling systems are a massive expense to implement and quite expensive to maintain , they require extremely high demand to make sense to put in place on a freight line . 
  ----------- about the only angle i can see for europe to be likely to explore some of these topics before the us is that your rail corridors are often more constrained spatially . 
  ex : it may not make sense to widely implement technologies for cramming more trains on a single line when land is cheap and empty and you can just lay another track next to it and use that . 
  we 're further from russia than virtually anyone in europe in practical proximity . 
  ( almost ) no one lives in the portions of alaska or the russian far east that are up near the bering strait and there are no roads for 1000km + in either direction . 
  we have the lead for the same reason our passenger rail networks are terrible . 
  we have big empty distances to cover ( and no reasonably quick sea transport ) , so we have giant freight trains . 
  since we have big empty distances to cover , passenger rail is n't very attractive and so the freight trains do n't have to give up priority to much faster passenger trains and get delayed by them . 
  as a result , we wind up with rail lines like the southern transcon . 
  it runs for  3000km . 
  it has 100 + trains a day using it and they mostly run the full length of the line , and those freight trains average  2000m long . 
  in essence , there is a 200km long line of freight cars moving on that line every day , because that 's how logistics work in our country . 
  you are never going to have better freight rail than us . 
  on the other hand , we 're not going to ever run better intercity passenger rail than you , because even at high-speed rail speeds ... a plane still blows it out of the water for getting across our country , it 's not even close . 
  their size is extremely tiny . 
  relative to their extremely small population , they 're quite well armed compared to any other country of said size . 
  relative to any country that does n't have a minuscule population , they are n't because it 's virtually impossible for them to be , especially without them becoming far richer . 
  - we view russia as an actual threat and take an extremely dim view of giving any ground to temporarily appease some other power , it 's almost always a shortsighted decision that leaves you worse off in the long run . 
  - we 're much more used to military conflict and less averse to it when we think it 's necessary . 
  that has it 's pros and cons , as has been illustrated in the past few decades . 
  - russia does not hold any significant leverage over us as it does much of europe ( gas supplies , trade , etc ) , so the prospect of aggressive action towards them has little downside from our perspective . 
  - the public also tends to view military alliances as something not to be broken at a whim . 
  there is little opposition to things like us deployments in korea and japan even though they put tens of thousands of americans at risk and likely commit the country for sure to any conflict that erupts . 
  there 's plenty of ways to creatively interpret `` respond '' that wind up with those states left in a worse position politically than they started though . 
  some `` little green men '' turmoil and the russians pushing for say ... demilitarization of the regions of those countries bordering russia to end the turmoil , and it might be tempting for some weak politicians to accept . 
  on the other hand , to speak for the american mindset at least , if there 's hundreds of dead american troops at the hands of russia or forces we believe to be related to russia , suggesting negotiation or anything less than completely regaining control of those regions by whatever force is required , is going to be political suicide . 
  well , in population . 
  it 's about the size of the entire uk . 
  - the us is very fond of jews , they 're actually the religious group best liked in the entire country , even ahead of the various christian denominations . 
  - the us does not like muslims . 
  they 're by far the least liked , behind even atheists . 
  while much of trump 's rhetoric may be too far for the general electorate , you could absolutely get elected president in the us calling for a ban on all muslim immigration . 
  - the us particularly dislikes * arab * muslims . 
  the average person associates them with terrorism against us and war against us . 
  - we are a much more punitive country with regards to what we think the response to wrongdoing is . 
  this also shows up in things like our approaches to how we treat crime . 
  we punish . 
  europe puts more of a priority on rehabilitation . 
  israel 's reactions largely seem reasonable or even restrained from the perspective of how * we * would react to what they deal with . 
  if mexico was sending terrorists over and launching missiles for decades , we 'd probably have killed/driven out everyone within missile range of the border . 
  - a remarkably large portion of christians believe israel 's existence is needed for the rapture/whatever , and an even larger portion prefer holy sites in the hands of the jews rather than muslims . 
  i 'd sure rather live in the us as a jewish person than i 'd rather live in say ... france . 
  the us may have problems , but there is basically not a single place in the us where i would be concerned for my safety because i 'm jewish . 
  i 've never really seen that in the us , but an obvious reason why is probably that most of our beaches are n't that crowded on a regular basis ( or there are less crowded options/parts you could choose instead ) . 
  many/most european militaries have been letting their capabilities and equipment degrade since the end of the cold war . 
  lets say some major change has happened in the world and now it 's `` unsafe '' , and you want to double the size of your military . 
  major military systems have a lead time of a decade or more to produce . 
  fighter jets for example , are not cars that you can order and have in 3 months . 
  if you scaled down your forces/failed to keep up , you are never going to be able to fix that between when tensions start rising and when you need them . 
  the same is true of producing competent military leadership and other high-skill roles like fighter pilots . 
  you can train a bunch of new low-level soldiers in a year . 
  but you ca n't manufacture a bunch of new experienced officers that you need to make your new military actually * work * effectively , it 'll take many years to do that . 
  there 's also a whole training infrastructure that goes along with high-skill roles and produces various bottlenecks to churning out a bunch of new ones . 
  pilots need lots of flight time in special trainer aircraft , for example . 
  and if you do get them , your new aircraft need a whole new skilled maintenance crew , armaments production , and so on . 
   i assume that it is protected by french laws and authorities ? 
  yes . 
   is it better protected compared to the rest of south america ? 
  better civil institutions , but not really better population characteristics ( gdp , homicide rates , etc ) . 
  you mean that no one knows how they 're supposed to work , so people just do whatever and try not to crash ? 
  because that 's basically what happens in new england . 
  rotaries usually are n't modern roundabouts , they 're legacies of 30s-50s road design that basically follow zero logic or consistency . 
  for example , i present this 7-way intersection : [ link ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/east+longmeadow,+ma/@42.0652203,-72.5129823,3a,66.8y,176.9h,84.32t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sbtrh4zkl0rc0-j04sc--fg!2e0!4m2!3m1!1s0x89e6e8b796269a21:0xaaa9136e9f92aeb0?force=lite ) . 
  do you think you 've figured out how it works ? 
  great . 
  now be prepared for exactly none of the other drivers to follow how you think it works . 
  kind of ( vermont is 95 % white , new hampshire and maine are similar ) . 
  but it also just simply is n't urban at all . 
  the largest city has a metro population of 250k and it 's a pretty broadly defined one , the `` urban '' population is lower than that . 
  and there is n't another town over 20k in the state . 
  it also has one of the oldest populations in the us . 
  not a lot of jobs there , lots of the population is old/retired . 
  not really a recipe for high crime . 
  ca n't read the article . 
  but i 'm skeptical of that conclusion , given the drastic drops in almost all types of crime , not just homicide/gun homicide . 
  it 's not just that i 'm not going to get killed on the streets of nyc anymore , it 's that i can say...street-park a nice car and it does n't get broken into . 
  not really tough at all to make the cost impossibly high ( that is : will force a war with the us ) . 
  you just do the same thing the us/uk/france did with berlin in the cold war . 
  stick a bunch of troops in there , ideally mixed in with the local military forces/bases . 
  russia invades and they resist of course , but they also all die , and there 's not a chance in hell that us popular opinion will tolerate that without calling for blood . 
  so now you have a real war , which the baltics are n't worth . 
  i pulled from the nato public data [ here ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2015_06/20150622_pr_cp_2015_093-v2.pdf ) ( table 3 ) . 
  although 2015 is mid-year with the rest estimated rather than final , it should n't be a big adjustment . 
  does n't change your overall point of course , just was noting it . 
  you 're a bit wrong about who 's hitting the nato targets and who is n't . 
  in 2015 it was the us , uk , greece , estonia , and poland that hit it . 
  france and turkey were under ( although they were the closest of those who missed to hitting it , with 1.8 % and 1.7 % of gdp spent on their military ) . 
  that pretty much applies to any semi-functional country . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure the nuclear-armed icbms israel has makes it not `` empty words '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure neither are a proponent of a one-state solution unless their side is the `` state '' and is going to expel/kill/oppress the other side . 
  if they spent 2 % of gdp they 'd be right around chile in terms of military budget . 
  that would afford them a pretty reasonable air force operating the sorts of aircraft you mention . 
  people often ask why we do n't react that strongly to these events in the us , and this is basically it . 
  columbine was literally the talk of the country for months on end and arguably significantly impacted the culture of the us as a whole . 
  recent mass shootings have traction in the news for a week or two and are mostly forgotten about .
