  among the students i 'd estimate that about 10 % are what you 'd call `` native swedish people '' ( this is an unfair term i 'm aware , since it also includes sweden-finns and romani and jews and whatnot that are nationally recognised traditional minorities , but whatever ) , and the rest are first or second generation immigrants . 
  i can fucking tell you this much : when i was their age i would have fucking killed to go to this school instead of the 100 % pure white hellhole of a school that i went to . 
  this `` immigrant '' school i work at is so much more peaceful and so much better than my school ever was . 
  back in my school we had a serious problem with mobbing ( and of course i was one of the victims , being a computer nerd , but that 's beside the point here ) . 
  so serious in fact that several kids ( victims , mind you , not perpetrators ! ), 
  had to change schools or risk bodily harm during the break periods . 
  there was statistics that i got to see a few years after the fact , and my school had the highest percentage of kids that were drinking , smoking and having sex of any school in the country my graduating year . 
  about 90 % of the kids were habitually drinking during the weekends ( and the * oldest * of those kids would have been 14 or 15 ) . 
  the turnover rate for teachers was of course unreal and staggering . 
  at least once a week there 'd be cops around looking for some kid ( though why they bothered i 'm not sure : most students did n't show up for most classes anyway ) . 
  i 'm not even sure how we got any education at all given the circumstances . 
  anyway , there were * no * immigrants in my school . 
  none whatsoever . 
  it was a white pride paradise , and it was hell on earth . 
  by comparison my 90 % immigrants work place is like harvard . 
  edit : the worst thing i 'm aware of that someone has done at the school i work at is sneak into the handicap toilet and tape over the light sensor . 
   now muslims acting radical does happen quite often in europe but there has to be some decent ones out there . 
  most of them , i 'd say . 
  islam is just a religion , like christianity . 
  you get the loud , very visible extremists and fanatics and those are the ones people think about when you bring the religion up , but the vast majority of the followers are just normal people who happen to go to church/mosque/whatever on sunday/saturday/friday / whenever . 
  islam is no exception to this . 
  about half the people you meet in sweden are republican , the other half are royalists or at least not pro-republic . 
  our republican figures are n't generally all that loud and do n't get much space in media though , even if they do have plenty of people that would agree with their arguments . 
  does it also include outright black markets like drugs and guns and such ? 
  well , not to get into the semantic of the word `` healthier '' , but i 'm pretty sure that snus is in fact not as bad for you as cigarettes . 
  total tobacco usage may be about the same but the method of intake * does * make a difference . 
  it 's just as absurd to claim that snus is as unhealthy as smoking as it is to say that snus does not count as tobacco . 
  so in a sense we are being healthier about it . 
  we are not abstaining , but we are not being as harmful to ourselves as we could be ( yay ? 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 've known people who really do only have a cigarette once in a while at a party . 
  i would n't say it 's inevitable that you become a chain smoker just because of it . 
  that said though it 'd of course be healthier to not smoke at all . 
  `` party smoking '' is definitely a thing in sweden . 
  this is not even the first time they 've done this . 
  i recall similar reports from earlier years . 
  i think the operative word above might be `` provence . '', 
  presumably at least there would be different amounts of people smoking in different parts of the country . 
  living in the sunny south might make an outdoors smoking break seem more appealing than in the rainy north , no ? 
  well , the question here was whether you smoked or not , not whether you used nicotine ( i presume this number is likely larger in every country due to gum and patches and whatnot , though most likely the difference is not as dramatic as in sweden ) . 
  in any case it 's stupid that the eu is doing its best to eradicate snus from existence while subsidising companies that grow cigarette tobacco . 
  well , the clich\u00e9 might very well be true within certain circles or age groups . 
  maybe you just have n't hung around with enough french pensioners ? 
  i would n't necessarily trust this graph to tell you whether a country is `` doing well '' economically or not . 
  industrial production is just one of many different factors that contribute to an economy . 
  this is blatantly not the case in sweden at least . 
  here there is no obligation for citizen to help prevent or even report crimes if they detect them . 
  on the other hand we * do * have laws in place to protect people who blow whistles , only it does n't work the way this article defines it . 
  rather than having laws that make whistle blowers immune to prosecution for their act we have laws that make it illegal for the press to reveal their sources unless those sources want to be revealed and protect journalists from harassment by the authorities to reveal said sources . 
  so in sweden at least the idea is that you can blow the whistle on whatever you want but you ca n't go public and claim credit for said whistleblowing without facing the consequences . 
  which honestly seems like a fine system to me . 
  if it 's truly about the public good and exposing criminal activities then why does it matter who gets the credit ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble here but i think that 's supposed to be the ottoman empire ( greece only achieved independence in the 1830s so it 's hardly surprising a japanese mapper might have missed that fact . ), 
  if there is a bar in the swedish parliament building it is n't open to the public , at least . 
  though i seriously doubt there is one . 
   if you do n't vote 4 times in a period of 15 years , i assume you have more than just one election every four years , or that would n't be a possibility ? 
  only in scandinavia are teenage girls more likely to be drunk than teenage boys . 
  ( and the uk , and finland , and spain . ), 
  empirically in my neck of the woods anyway the general feeling was one of `` as long as it 's not another republican '' . 
  at least that 's how i remember it . 
  everyone i know was happy to hear obama won , but not because they actually cared about obama . 
  regardless , to most swedish people obama would probably be an unacceptable politician anyway . 
  the american left , especially obama 's very weak american left , is still way too right-wing for our political climate . 
  i think most people were less excited about obama and more excited that * the other guy * did n't get elected , to be honest . 
  `` we 'd hardly bother to spy on our enemies . 
  what would be the point ? '', 
  there 's also the factor that everyone already knows what the mainstream parties think . 
  like you said they hardly need the internet to get their message out there , but beyond that we already know very well where our parties will stand generally speaking whenever an issue comes up . 
  we know the left party is going to ask for more centralisation and an increase in welfare . 
  we know the liberal people 's party is going to ask for the opposite . 
  we do n't have to go to their website or listen to a party leader debate to know that this is the trend . 
  extremists and non-parliamentary parties do n't have that public certainty , beyond that they do n't have the coverage to compete . 
  but something to keep in mind is that while these pages may get lots of views not all those views are from people who actually agree with what the pages say . 
  / r/sweden has plenty of links to far-right blogs and websites not because / r/sweden has a particular high amount of neo-nazis visiting it but because the centre-left majority of that subreddit gets upset about what the extremists are saying . 
  there is no way to differentiate between page views from outraged normal people and page views from people who agree with the ideology . 
  yeah , but on the other hand why should it be illegal to let an animal have sex with you if it clearly wants to ? 
  ( which , i know , would be pretty much impossible to prove when it comes to a female animal but very easy to prove when it comes to male animals , so it 'd be a kind of discrimination , but still . ), 
  i think our laws should be aimed at actually preventing suffering , not at enforcing a particular moral idea . 
  i guess there might be an argument for hygene and a danger to the public of sexually transmittable disease originating from animals ( like hiv/aids is thought have once done ) , but at that point you might as well argue that having an animal in the first place should be illegal because they do spread disease regardless of whether you fuck them or not . 
  you 'd have one hell of a time trying to motivate to the court why it 's not cruelty to animals though . 
  theoretically it 's possible , but praxis speaks a different story . 
  well , the law does n't actually apply to animals . 
  you ca n't accuse an animal of a crime . 
  but if a horse did that the relevant authority would have it euthanised . 
  that 's what they do with dogs that attack people . 
  same principle . 
  edit : no idea if the person could be charged with a crime under this new law . 
  probably not , since it 'd have to be a crime of intent and not one of negligence ( aka you have to actively seek out an animal and have sex with it willingly rather than unwittingly , say you were blindfolded and tricked or something , or under duress . ), 
  because we thought that sex with animals did n't need to be a separate crime from cruelty to animals ? 
  by making the two crimes separate you are indirectly saying that bestiality is not cruelty , at least in the eyes of the law . 
  but it * is * being cruel to an animal ... 
  i really do n't see a reason why the two should be separate . 
  maybe clarify the cruelty to animals law to specify that bestiality is grounds for applying it , but it really does n't need its own legal label . 
  to be fair we were mostly happy the * other * guy did n't win the election . 
  bed is so bad . 
  the only bad thing is all the crumbs . 
  not necessarily . 
  after all , there 's the vatican , which is decidedly not eastern european ... 
  but yes , as a rule at least if you look at legal factors ( as oppossed to social and cultural factors ) the east is a lot less pleasant for gay people than the west . 
  the old communist regimes have put their mark on the east and it will take many decades still for that to go away .
