  personally i do n't see why you would n't just make it a general tax at that point , but maybe that 's just me . 
  but ... if you do press the context button then at the top there 's a link that says : `` view the rest of this thread . '', 
  at least , when i browse reddit , there is ... 
  anyway , i 'm not trying to comment on how americans do things here . 
  i 'm just saying that in europe there are practically no people who would circumcise their children for any sort of perceived medical or social benefit , other than those directly relating to religion . 
  uhm ... there is a view whole thread button ? 
  press `` context '' and then it 's right there at the top , as a link . 
   anyway , yeah , there 's a definite contrast , but then you have to remember that whereas the majority of people in the usa are circumcised in europe it 's like 5 % of the population or something . 
  you could argue that we 've secularised to the point that only the really religious even consider the procedure still . 
  well , still , you have to realise that this / r/europe where your whole argument just does n't hold . 
  people here do n't circumcise their children for secular reasons . 
  the situation in the usa is rather irrelevant , though notable , for the purposes of this subreddit . 
  that 's contradictory to what i 've read on the subject , but granted a lot of the material is quite likely opinionated and biased . 
  well then , even better !, 
  but , to be fair , it would be rather problematic to prosecute every circumcised family that visited your country . 
  thank you for confirming that your account is in fact a troll account . 
  edit : by which i mean , that 's a very silly argument . 
  arguably the older the child is the more horrific the crime . 
  circumcision is relatively painless to an infant ( that 's not to say it makes it ok , mind you ) . 
  not so much later in life ... 
  while i agree with your central thesis here there are factors in play to mitigate , but not cancel out , the effects of which you are speaking . 
  children in most european countries , and i 'd assume germany is among them , are required to go through health screenings at school . 
  part of this screening involves inspection of the genitals , as any health screening would . 
  this would mean that it 'd be impossible for a parent to hide the fact that their child has been circumcised , and the school nurse would be obligated to report any circumcisions to the relevant authorities . 
  with the right kind of policies and tools in place you could make it so the parents would then be required to prove the circumcision was performed before the ban or outside of the country , or they 'd face criminal charges in court . 
  but , as mentioned , this is not foolproof and there are going to be cases that slip through the cracks anyway . 
  but it 's something at least . 
  oh come on !, 
  he 's already been in british custody for weeks before he ran to the embassy . 
  if the powers that be wanted him dead he 'd be dead !, 
  faking a suicide in capitivity is like conspiracy 101 . 
  get with the program !, 
  the rape charges * are * contrived , but you need some background here to put it in context . 
  in the early 00 's the swedish justice system was put under a lot of media scrutiny and critique because the laws regarding sexual crime were rather insufficient . 
  it was practically impossible to legally prove rape , especially when it came to children and younger girls . 
  so to appease media and the perceived public opinion the laws regarding sexual crime were widened a lot , with some rather unforseen consequences ( it is now for example illegal to have consensual sex if both parties are minors , and 14 year olds having sex are routinely convicted of rape because of it ) . 
  so while the charges may not sound like rape in the traditional sense ( that 's something i never imagined i 'd type ) they certainly would be under swedish law as it is written . 
  in sweden the prosecutor has the final say in all things related to the investigation and build up to a trial . 
  the authorities are prohibited from getting involved by the constitution of this country . 
  therefore a prosecutor is free to file any kind of charges they want , no matter how ridiculous . 
  no one can tell them to stop . 
  and that 's why we are here today : an overzelous prosecutor jumping at the chance of trying an internationally famous person under an ill-thoughtout relatively new law in order to further her own career . 
  that 's all this is . 
  give me some hard proof it is n't !, 
  that 's not how our system works , for anyone . 
  the prosecutor has asked that assange attend a preliminart hearing so that a decision on whether charges can be filed or not can be made . 
  for this hearing to be conducted via telephone ( email or a letter is not a legally viable method , it has to be an oral hearing ) both parties have to conscend to it . 
  for whatever reason the prosecutor did not , and so assange is obliged to show up in person , which he has repeatedly failed to do . 
  any other person in this situation would also be subject to the same treatment under swedish law . 
  there are no secret indictments , no conspiracy , no nothing , just assange being an attention whore , as always . 
  furthermore i ca n't understand the reasoning that would make anyone come to the conclusion that sweden would be more likely than the fucking uk , bestest buddies with granddaddy america sine 1945 , to extradite someone to the usa . 
  surely if obama wanted assange he 'd just have called up cameron and had it arranged by now ? 
  sweden also have a law , btw , that forbids the extradition of people to countries if a person is charged for a crime which they could , even theoretically , receive the death sentence for . 
  so even if the us charged assange with espionage the very day he was sent to sweden our authorities would be forbidden by law to send him there . 
  that 's why sweden was so popular to american draft dodgers during vietnam : they could n't be extradited !, 
  this whole thing is going to end with a massive anticlimax as assange is sent to sweden only to be immediately set free . 
  a very few scant abortions perhaps . 
  medical necessity also covers the mental state and well being of a person . 
  i think that we can all agree at least that infant circumcision is not a medical necessity and a voluntary ( by the parents , not the child ) procedure and it should thus not be covered by national universal health care . 
  if you look at it globally the vast majority of circumcised people are muslim and they are definitely circumcised because of religion . 
  the usa and its strange secularised behaviour in circumcision is not big enough to outweigh the sheer amount of people belonging to the world 's second largest religion . 
  your point is thus wrong , even if it probably holds true for the usa . 
  no problem . 
  i have a tendency to post stuff and then quickly make several edits over a period of a couple of minutes because i realised i wanted to say something more or forgot to mention something or i found out about something new afterwards . 
  edit : or as in this case : correcting spelling errors . 
  did you see my edit ? 
   edit : apparently there are about 3000 `` elderly german-americans '' living around fredricksburg , texas that still speak texan dialect german . 
  it 's definitely on the decline though . 
  the german language was ubiquitous and well-spread throughout the usa until ww1 or thereabouts when it became rather unfashionable due to its associations with `` the enemy . '', 
  it kept on being spoken and used in some rather isolated communities up until ww2 after which ... yeah , i do n't think it needs a lot of explanation why us german speakers decided to quickly drop the language then . 
  there are still a few german-speaking communities though . 
  the amish and mennonites being the most notable ( pennsylvania `` dutch '' is actually an old dialect of german . ), 
  edit : apparently there are about 3000 `` elderly german-americans '' living around fredricksburg , texas that still speak texan dialect german . 
  it 's definitely on the decline though . 
  i think his point was rather that it would have been hard to impossible for a western researcher to get accurate data from east of the iron curtain in the 1960s . 
  i 'm incline to agree with that assessment ... 
  but even that does n't make any sense , since we know that the german national identity and the `` unified german culture '' only really came in to being during the 20th century . 
  we also know that during the 20th century germany was first an empire consisting of many sub-monarchies , with their own definite cultures and identities ( a bavarian was not a prussian ) , secondly an oppressive fascist dictatorship that tried to force its own , rather esoteric and occult , ideals and culture on its subjects that were definitely not rooted in religion , thirdly divided into two different countries , a democratic federation ( which would have contained the majority of germany 's catholics , meaning the catholic percentage of the population in the brd would have been a lot higher than it is in germany today ) and a communist dictatorship ( in which , keeping with the stalinist tradition , religion was outlawed and punishable by death for the most part of the country 's existence ) , and fourthly the federal state we see today . 
  in as far as there is a common german identity and culture its roots are not as simple as being `` protestant '' . 
  at what point would protestantism ever had time to get a hold off and so completely dominate all of germany 's culture and identity as you posit ? 
  it 's rather a mixture of several unique historical factors combined with a cultural and religious diversity that germany has always had . 
  there is only a common german culture in the same way there is a common american one : each state has its own , and they all add to the whole . 
   in other words , so long as germans in general have historically-protestant values - and they seem to - then whether an individual german is catholic , protestant , atheist , etc. , is not as important as whether that person identifies as `` german , '' a national identity with a strong protestant influence on it , even though the superstitious and church-going aspects of that influence have largely withered away . 
  you do n't know a lot about german history do you ? 
  cliff notes version : there was no german national identity before the 20th century . 
  germany was n't unified until the 1870s . 
  it has always consisted of several smaller states , each with its own distinct cultural characteristics . 
  difference is these days they are all in a federation rather than being functionally independent entities . 
  but hey , if you still insist on your argument i will point you to austria . 
  long considered to be a natural and definite part of germany but today thought of as a people and nation of its own , this country is and has long been completely catholic . 
  it has , excepting ww2 , not been part of any sort of unified german nation state . 
  it definitely has its own national identity separate from that of modern germany , and its catholic heritage is definitely a part of that identity . 
  yet i have n't seen any recent articles about austria defaulting on its debts or resisting austerity measures . 
  have you ? 
  i thought the baltic states were doing pretty well economically ( and they apparently also have a pretty high amount of light haired people ) ? 
  explain ireland . 
  it 's not like the greek speaking part of cyprus is any more innocent than the turkish one . 
  let 's not forget that turkey originally invaded as a reaction to increased ethnic violence against turks and a military coup attempt supported by the greek military junta that were in charge of that country at the time , apart from just turkey having territorial ambitions . 
  had they not invaded we might have a united cyprus now , yes , but it 'd be a united cyprus where the turkish section of the populace would have been massacred and cleansed , most likely . 
  that 's not a pretty picture either .
