  it 's quite tiring having these discussions on reddit , and words of encouragement are certainly much appreciated . 
   while the french spying on germany might give france some advantage over germany , it drags the whole union down . 
  by the same token though germany intentionally holding things back from france * also * drags the whole union down . 
  in principle i would agree that it 'd be nice if europe was so interconnected and cooperative that we did n't have to spy on each other , but the reality of the situation is that we are n't . 
  at least , not yet . 
   war to protect commerce , industry , and capitalism is an idea older than the united states . 
  by several thousands of years i 'd say . 
  ( also i 'm not sure about calling the barbary pirates `` terrorists '' . 
  a better modern parallel is probably the somali pirates . 
  terrorism is n't about making money , whereas piracy is all about it . ), 
  you do realise that cars and airplanes were n't around until very recently , right ? 
  it was n't simply a matter of leaving if you disliked the management . 
  it would n't even have been legal for people to do so in all places . 
  so yeah , when you say that people stayed in france for practical reasons you are completely right . 
  those practical reasons however would more have been of the nature that you ca n't rather than that you do n't want to . 
  the picture of free movement across borders and people picking and choosing countries based on their preferences is a completely modern one . 
  people could n't do that back in the day when travelling was prohibitively expensive and took longer than today by factors of hundreds . 
  you ca n't fault people for choosing to be christian when the alternative is de facto death . 
  uh ... that 's not how france became christian . 
  it converted , or was forced to convert by the romans depending on how you look at things . 
  in either case it was n't settled by christian settlers . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  well , obviously , we have to spy on our allies , nato or no nato . 
  to quote terry pratchett : `` we 'd hardly bother to spy on our enemies . 
  what would be the point ? '', 
  hey now , spying on your neighbours is a grand old european tradition that 's been with us at least since the days of ancient greece . 
  it 's our heritage , man !, 
   your points are contradicting each other . 
  first you say it affects everyone and then you say it 's based on ethnicity . 
  so which one is it ? 
  this law affects everyone , * you * are saying * you * want laws that target a specific ethnicity , and i am saying that 's wrong . 
   also we are better than that ? 
  we are better than what ? 
  better than the muslims ? 
  damn straight we are and unless we want our countries into the same shitholes that muslim countries are ( except turkey and some former ussr republics ) we better do something about it . 
  have you wondered why all of the middle east is so shitty ? 
  because the people are stupid ? 
  it 's because of islam . 
  we would be fools if we do n't stop it from spreading . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think the middle east is shitty because of shitty governments and a lack of democracy . 
  think about it . 
  are we democratic * because * we are ( nominally speaking at least ) christian ? 
  no , we are democratic * despite * it . 
  why could n't the middle east be the same , given the opportunity ? 
   also , i do n't preach anything . 
  i just want to live in my country , i want to cooperate with other countries that have reached the same level of moral decency ( other european countries ) . 
  i do n't want to have the sharia , i do n't want to live in a religious country , much less if it 's islamic . 
  oh yeah , russia with its anti-gay laws and belarus with its soviet-style dictatorship are totally bastions of moral decency . 
  :p i 'd rather my country cooperate extensively with a country like turkey that has at least a semblance of democracy than with a country like belarus , which does n't . 
   i agree oppression is not the best way to solve problems . 
  again , though we are not oppressing anyone . 
  we are simply protecting our right to exist . 
  no , it 's definitely oppression . 
  like i said , you may think it 's justified , but it 's still oppression . 
  my entire point throughtout this exchange has been that this * does not * affect only muslims . 
  it affects * everyone * . 
  and we have to be the good guys because we * are * better than that . 
  it is not democratic to pass a law that prohibits one group of people from doing something but allows another group to do it on the basis of ethnicity . 
  we should be fucking smarter than that !, 
  * if we are to sit here in europe and preach the message of democracy and human rights we should at least make sure that we are practicing it . 
  we are not china , we do not solve our problems by oppressing people ( or we should n't , at least ) . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  * and we are too , since this law does not actually do that despite what you may think . 
  there 's a good argument to be had for industry and capitalism being a national security concern in itself , at least indirectly . 
  the usa , or any country really , secures its own future position by ensuring that their companies can continue being profitable on the international market . 
  that definitely has an impact on its future security as a nation state . 
  that 's not to say that the nsa is in the right by doing this . 
  it 's still dirty underhanded tactics . 
  but it 'd be dishonest to claim there is n't a point to it . 
  i think that 's rather working as intended , basically . 
  europe is fine with spying on each other . 
  we are not so fine with outsiders doing the same . 
  i 'd argue that would fall under the category of medical need , in a fashion . 
  sometimes medicine is all about the aesthetics or the personal preference and sometimes that 's completely justified . 
  there 's a psychological element to medicine too , after all . 
  the important part is that however steroids are used they should be used in a safe manner , and that pretty much requires medical oversight i think . 
  that 's not what 's being discussed here though . 
  and besides , if you start going down that route you 'll have to start wondering about things like sunglasses , bandanas , those medical hygiene masks some people insist on wearing when they 've got a cold , etc. 
  you 'd have to ban any kind of covering of the face . 
  and you 're wrong . 
  it is oppression . 
  it is no matter how you look at it an intrusion into people 's social lives and the rights they currently have in that life . 
  that said you may think it 's completely justified , but that does not make it not oppression . 
  i think we are in agreement then . 
  you should only get steroids if you have an actual medical need for them and a doctor helping you manage your prescription . 
  like with any other kind of regulated medicine , yes ? 
  right . 
  this is also true about lovely substances like cocaine and heroine . 
  that does not mean they should n't be regulated . 
   ( i honestly do n't know why they do these days outside of professional sports ) ( anabolic ) steroids have a bad reputation and are regulated because they have significant side-effects ? 
  so it 's ok to oppress people as long as they do n't complain about it ? 
  granted , as far as oppression goes this is pretty mild , but still . 
  at least our native european corporations figure out ways to fuck with their employees by working * with * the unions instead of against them . 
  so ... france then , in most cases ? 
  i mean , this article is about veils specifically but the same law is also used to ban people from wearing crosses and other christian religious symbols that would be highly traditional for france and its cultural heritage . 
  presumably there are more christians in france than muslims . 
  at the very least they want to end mandatory swedish class . 
  which , granted , there are good arguments for doing . 
  i 'm not sure if this translates to animosity towards the swedish-speaking community though .
