  i wish our ( the original ! ), 
  pirate party would be as ballsy as yours and become a real political party instead of insisting on focusing on one single issue . 
  i 'd sure hope so but my cynicism makes me doubt it . 
  i 'll concede to ireland as a definite maybe , but religion is still a definite factor that i 'm quite pessimistic about , at least personally . 
  denmark , finland , uk and germany seems likely at the very least . 
  uhm ... last time i looked sweden has a right wing government too . 
  why is it red on the map ? 
  i know even our right wing leans a bit to the left , but come on . 
   if they choose what websites they block and do n't block , then they should n't be called isp and should n't be advertised as such . 
  so basically we are saying the same thing then , that they can block whatever they like as long as they tell you about it before you buy their stuff . 
  i agree that it 's bad and quite hypocritical even of the company to censor the site , but ultimately it 's their decision to do so and it 's not wrong per se of them to do so . 
  it 's well within their rights . 
  that does n't mean it 's not stupid and petty , because it really , really , * really * is . 
   the vast majority of people only have one internet provider in their area wait , what ? 
  that 's not how it works in sweden , to my knowledge . 
  unless you live in a really isolated area up north you 'll have several different providers to chose from . 
  plus sidewalk express is not a `` real '' isp , afaik . 
  they only provide those booths you see in 7/11 : s and in airports and whatnot , not actual household bandwidth . 
  ok , fine , lets say it 's censorship . 
  is it * wrong * though ? 
  if they think it 's better for their business to block access to some sites then who are we or the government for that matter to argue ? 
  there 's a difference between a government doing it and a private company . 
  the government will force it upon the whole population of a country , whereas a private company will only do it to their costumers with said costumers consent . 
  it 's voluntary , from all parties ( providing the company informs you of their limits before you are buying their services , at least ) . 
  and as much of a leftist as i am i 'm still going to argue that as long as a company stays within the limit of the law they should be entirely free to limit what services they will and wo n't supply to their costumers . 
  otherwise , if the government is going to take charge and dictate the private secotr in such a minute detail as what sites they can and ca n't block we might as well drop this whole social democratic free capitalism within limits thing we 've got going in europe and just go completely hardcore communist , or what 's the point of even having social democracy ? 
  no , i 'm saying that a private company restricting what their services cover and what they do n't is perfectly in line with capitalism . 
  it 's * their * choice , they are doing it * voluntarily * . 
  whether it 's a good business strategy or not is not for me to say , but it 's not censorship . 
  and yes , i am saying that without private entities being able to voluntarily restrict content we would n't have reddit . 
  reddit has rules , right ? 
  there are things you ca n't post , like people 's private information . 
  is it censorship when reddit bans a user who reveals another user 's real name ? 
  it 's a completely voluntary policy that reddit made up . 
  there 's nothing that legally says that policy has to be in place ( well , at least not in the us where reddit is based ) , so it 's just something that reddit has decided it will do . 
  the principle here is that a private company is entitled to provide the service they see fit ( within legal limits ) . 
  like i said though they should be required to tell you if they have restrictions so you can make a decision whether that 's something you want to pay for or not . 
  you 'd protest by saying `` no , i wo n't pay for that if you wo n't let me read my torrentfreak . '', 
  that 's how capitalism works . 
  and i 'm saying that when a private actor does it it 's not really censorship , since that implies governmental intervention and an involuntary banning of content from the company 's side . 
  and furthermore there 's nothing really wrong with a private actor restricting the content of their services . 
  if it was we would n't have things like reddit and online fora of various sorts , since there is always a content restriction of some sort set by the owner that will get you banned if you offend it ( though reddit has relatively few such restrictions , obviously ) . 
  also itunes and android markets and steam etc. 
  or hey , a television channel for that matter !, 
  though i do think the company should be required to tell you that they have restrictions before you pay them , so that you can opt out if it offends you . 
  i guess it 's our way to make up for us going to denmark to buy booze because it 's cheaper and you do n't have a state monopoly on it . 
  meh , who cares ? 
  sidewalk express is a private company . 
  they can restrict their products however they 'd like . 
  protest by not buying their shit . 
  quite expensive and with rather long waiting times in my experience . 
  but yeah , the actual care is top notch , just not very affordable or convenient . 
  just do n't come to sweden for it and you should be fine . 
  i find it to be a pretty even mix of all sorts of ideologies and orientations . 
  i guess this officially makes iceland a [ rogue state ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2010/feb/23/opensource-intellectual-property ) . 
  i do n't care about sports at all . 
  :p but yes i do feel nordic pride . 
  i also feel european pride on an international level . 
  i also feel bad for my fellow nordics when something bad happens to them ( well ... 
  i 'll admit to a bit of schadenfreude sometimes . 
  there 's kind of this sibling rivalry going on between the nordic countries ) . 
  i do n't understand what you are asking to be honest . 
  i think i made myself pretty clear about how i feel ? 
  anyway , it 's just my personal feelings about it . 
  no because i reject the idea that such things can be ranked in the first place . 
  i 'm * not * swedish , then european . 
  i 'm swedish * and * european . 
  nothing else makes any sort of sense to me . 
  now if the question is whether i feel more loyal to my home country or to europe as a whole , then that 's a different question and not one i 'm enturely sure how to answer seeing as how the eu is n't a country or a state but rather a political agreement between countries , and the continent is just a continent . 
  might as well ask a canadian if he 's more loyal to canada or the commonwealth of nations . 
  well , that is true . 
  but then that 's context dependent and it would be hard to give a straight answer to op . 
  when i 'm talking to other swedes , i 'm a stockholmian . 
  to other europeans , i 'm swedish . 
  to an american , i 'm european . 
  no , it 's i 'm swedish , scandinavian * and * european . 
  also nordic , stockholmian , an inhabitant of my particular hometown within stockholm county , a resident of earth , an `` old worldian '' , and so on and so forth . 
  i do n't rank any of these things . 
  they are all equally true . 
  why ( and how ) would any come before the others ? 
  both . 
  swedish is my nationality . 
  i 'm also a european , in two different senses of the word ( both as a citizen of the eu and as a person hailing from the continent of europe ) . 
  it 's not a question of putting one or the other first to me because they are n't really comparable . 
  i think it 's pretty much the same as it would be for an american from let 's say florida . 
  you are both floridian and american ( in two senses of the word ) , but neither really comes `` first '' . 
   also , do you think the vietnamese would listen to you when it comes to democracy and human rights if you threaten to invade ? 
  we 've had that , once . 
  i never said anything about invading anyone . 
  i do believe we should be vary of making business with dictatorships however ( we do n't have to support their economies just because we are n't at war ) , and for all its faults the usa is * still * the world 's largest and most powerful democratic country ( and despite the state of its politics right now i doubt that 's about the change any time soon either ) , which makes them a preferable trading partner in my book . 
  that is not to say we should support them the next time they decide to invade a random country , nor that us policy is anything to admire ( though in some fields i would argue they are , but not when it comes to international relations obviously ) , but they are most certainly the most preferable of great powers to support . 
  just to point it out : the law is still in effect in sweden . 
  the parliament has n't gotten to changing it quite yet . 
   i 'm only talking about eu waters , btw . 
  well , that makes a bit more sense then . 
  i thought you were talking global . 
  that would 've been an insane proposition . 
  about the pangasius though i thought that was one of the most environmentally unfriendly fishes available , because of the rather rudimentary ways they are being farmed ? 
  would n't it be better for the environment if we instead tried to get the usa to export some of their farmed fish ( a field in which they are at the forefront ) ? 
  it 'd only be a bonus that we 'd help support the economy of our sort-of-ally and we would n't have to buy goods from a dictatorship ( which last i looked is what vietnam is ) .
