  i 'd be fine with this change in the system because ultimately it 's entirely symbolic , and at the same time i 'd be equally fine with not changing anything , because of the same reason . 
  it wo n't have any bearing on our politics or our ( the swedish public 's ) democratic influence , so whatever . 
  who is harmless and does nothing ? 
  yes , truly a terrible despot that one . 
  i do n't mind . 
  despite the monarchy this country is regularly listed as one of the most democratic on the planet so clearly it does n't have any importance beyond the symbolic . 
  because of this i do n't see any good reason to abolish the system in its current state , but i would n't be upset if it happened either . 
  i do think having the system lends us a bit of uniqueness and character internationally , but i do n't think we 'd be worse off without it or anything . 
  i do think that certain people with strong opinions against the monarchy should stop being so loud and annoying whenever the subject comes up , but i think that about a lot of political movements regardless of whether their principles are sound or not . 
  edit as a side note op seems confused about the meanings of the terms democracy and republic , thinking they are the one and the same ( which is not true ) . 
   islam is not native to europe except in the caucasus . 
  if by native you mean `` current majority '' then bosnia and albania disagrees . 
  furthermore islam has a very strong and prominent history in southern and eastern europe . 
  many modern strongholds of christian belief used to be islamic strongholds , including most of spain and portugal , and we ca n't forget about the many centuries long presence of the ottoman empire and their cultural and religious influence . 
  as a religion islam has had a much larger cultural and historic impact on europe than any other religion , excepting christianity of course . 
  am i wrong here or does the study say nothing about cars that are leased ? 
  from what i understand leasing a car is pretty common in the usa . 
  which is n't working out all that well to be honest . 
  it has done little to stop the exploitation of sex workers . 
  yes , eating fish or pork is a lot less harmful than eating human . 
  when you feed on your own , you get mad cow disease-like prions entering the equation . 
  compared to that a bit of salmonella now and then is a breeze . 
  it 's biology and epidemidology , not morals . 
  * everything * is fucking sentient . 
  i wish people would stop using that term as a magic word for `` smart as a human '' . 
  it simply means you are capable of perceiving the world and act on that stimuli . 
  a spider is sentient . 
  the word you are looking for is sapient , and no : elephants and dolphins do not qualify . 
  that 's not to say they are n't smart animals , but that 's not the same thing . 
  in any case my point entirely is that purpose in domestication is meaningless for whether it is morally correct to eat an animal or not . 
  you brought up the bull as an example of how a species not domesticated for its meat was by necessity used for it anyway in olden days . 
  my question to you then : what do you think people do with dogs in times of starvation ? 
  if you think the reason you should n't eat human is because that 's not `` humanity 's purpose '' then i shudder to ever face you in real life , when the reason is supposed to be that it 's wrong and evil to kill another sapient being and end their life against their will . 
  in fact , i think you 'll find , presuming from the fact that neither of use have brought up a religious argument in a debate about morals that we both share at least our sympathies towards an atheist paradigm , that things and species do n't actually have a quantifiable purpose and that the whole point of life itself is seemingly to find a way to live and procreate on the terms of your species wherever and however , at the expense of other species if need be . 
  regardless of whether dogs were domesticated to hunt or for slaughter it is not * morally * wrong to eat them . 
  purpose has no bearing in this . 
  and also i do n't know why you keep bringing up cannibalism when i 've already said i do n't disagree with it provided the people involved have legally consented , presumably making us in agreement about the issue ( unless your point is that it should n't be wrong to farm people against their will in which case i must most strongly object ) . 
  you know what actual organisation is famous for its staunch support of religious law ( `` sharia '' ) over the secular ? 
  you must have heard of it , it is the world 's largest . 
  they call themselves the catholic church , and back in the day they literally tried to rule the world . 
  islam like christianity will get to a point where it will have to bow to secular interest or die , do n't worry about that . 
  cries for religious law-making is its death rattle . 
  witness for example the upswing in american fanaticism in recent years as religion as a defining power is losing ground in that country ( compared to say a century ago ) . 
  it 's the same story as in europe : as the radical gains in popularity the conservative turn reactionary . 
  it is what is slowly starting to happen to islam as well . 
   i do n't understand the purpose of a miniature pig as well but it 's not a regular pig ( regular pigs are domesticate for food , miniature pigs are not ) . 
  they are the same species , and since the miniatureness is a recessive genetic trait quite a few pigs are born that should be miniature but then become regular ( plural metric tons ) sized . 
  they are also a very new kind of pet , only appearing in the 60s , but then that 's not such a strange thing considering before the modern era all animals were kept exclusively for utility or food , not company . 
   i agree , but do n't forget humans are animals as well . 
  i would try human . 
  i would n't , but that 's only because i 'd be vary of harmful prions . 
   but miniature pigs , dogs , birds ( aside from turkey , hen , chicken , and what-not ) , iguanas , fish ( aside from most fish except some select pet store fish ) , were not and are not domesticated as a food supply . 
  maybe , but would it even matter ? 
  cows were n't domesticated for slaughtering , but for milk production , but most people do n't have an issue with eating a steak . 
   what 's wrong with farming humans for food ? 
  if you could get a decent sized adult human population that would all agree to sign a legal contract of informed consent , nothing . 
  humans are animals but make no mistake : humans are different . 
  we are sapient , and that makes all the difference morally speaking . 
  because as long as it only affects alcoholics , drug users and hiv patients we do n't have a problem ? 
   it 's hypocritical if you compare pigs with dogs . 
  that 's not what hypocrisy means . 
  i thought the prevailing theory is that proto-dogs domesticated themselves at an underterminate point some thirty thousand years ago give or take ? 
  they were the original domesticated animal , i do n't know where you got the fox thing from ( though a soviet scientist was trying to breed domesticated silver foxes in the 60s ) . 
  in any case my point was that while yes we bred dogs to hunt with/for us , we never bred them for company until many thousand years after that point . 
  just like the modern miniature pig is far away from the intentions of the people for first domesticated the pig , so is the idea of a modern pet dog very far away from what people used to keep dogs for . 
  hell , bringing your dog inside the house was practically unthinkable until the late 19th century and now it 's universal . 
  in any case , meat is meat , and animals are animals . 
  the only thing that matters morally speaking is imo what the other people involved ( more specifically : other sapient beings ) have to say about the whole thing . 
  this is why it 's bad to eat one person 's pet , but farm-produced dog meat would be an entirely different story , and also why it 's ok to eat porkchops from a supermarket but evil to kill and cook your neighbours ' pet miniature pig . 
  likewise i do n't see anything wrong , from a purely moral perspective , with eating human meat so long as the original owner of said meat consents . 
  neither were dogs . 
  the animal rights spokesperson also seems to have missed the point a lot . 
  `` modern people can no longer imagine eating pets . '', 
  sure , but no one is suggesting that you should go around kidnapping people 's house pets to cook them . 
  some people keep miniature pigs as pets , but that does n't mean modern people ca n't imagine eating a pig from a farm . 
  by the same token if you breed dogs for eating at a farm , like they do in parts of asia , those dogs are not pets , and that argument against their consumption is invalid . 
  when astronauts go into space they are sometimes allowed to take with them a small amount of a local delicacy from their place of origin as a reminder of home . 
  when swedish astronaut christer fuglesang announced his intentions of bringing dried reindeer meat nasa said no , because they feared outrage from american media . 
  i can sort of get why some americans are opposed to eating horse ( but i do n't agree with the attitude ) : horses are loyal and loving animals , like a dog , and if you have horses you live in close proximity with them . 
  they become like a house pet , almost . 
  but reindeer ? 
  reindeer are n't pets . 
  sure , the sami and other people herd them , but they are n't kept for company . 
  apart from the association with christmas i just do n't get what could possibly be so objectionable about eating reindeer . 
  they are wild animals !, 
  i think the us gun lobby deserves more pierce morgan in their lives . 
  if they wo n't listen to reason , maybe they will listen to terrible rudeness . 
  i think i meant to write impressed but kept thinking about the word excited . 
  i did once , but it was street amphetamine and nothing as fancy and refined as adderall . 
  still , basically the same thing . 
  i was n't really expressed by the whole thing . 
  sure , you get energy to cram , but you are n't really cramming all that effectively either since you are ever-so-slightly intoxicated even if you keep to a low dose . 
  and that 's why i only did it once . 
  the only reason a company should n't do any of the things you list or indeed avoid breaking the unwritten moral code which you mention ( which i do agree with you exists ) is because doing so would be bad for business . 
  you have to remember that a company is not a social wellfare programme or a charity . 
  a company is a social and legal construct designed for making profits , and the only people a company is ultimately going to have to answer to is their chairholders . 
  as such it 's a company 's duty , first and foremost before any other concerns , to maximise profits . 
  this does kind of suck a lot of the time because some companies will act like massive jerks in the name of a quick buck , but at the same time if companies did not have profits in mind first and morals and other concerns as a distant second ( if that ) then our system would not work and our economy would collapse . 
  it 's a double-edged sword for sure , but such is the price we pay for the luxuries and prosperity of market capitalism . 
  there are compromises though , like giving the option for each individual cleric in the state church the choice for themselves whether they want to marry you or not and having the organisation at large not be obliged to provide a willing priest for you if all the priests where you live do n't want to , like our former state church did in sweden .
