  the ideas was to remove the `` taint '' of danish and to a smaller extent swedish influences on the norwegian language . 
  as all such 19th century language reforms its ideas and conclusions are based on rather shaky grounds and incomplete understanding of linguistics . 
  so it 's entirely possible that noreg is in fact dervied from norr rige , but that 's not what the original etymology and root of the name of the country comes from . 
  not that i think nynorsk is any worse than any other language by any means . 
  english has gone through several such reforms as well , for example . 
  i think the situation was actually more akin to the relationship between britain and canada at the time ( to take an example , australia or new zealand would also qualify ) . 
  finland ? 
  oh , you mean eastern sweden . 
  of course it will be part of the greater scandinavian empire !, 
  the etymology for norge is actually from northvegr ( the th is supposed to be a special sign that i do n't have readily available on my keyboard nor know the ascii code for , it 's pronounced like a th in english ) . 
  it means `` northern path . '', 
  astoundingly enough the english seems to have actually picked up on this , hence norway , as in north-way . 
  well , german is pretty similar in a lot of things . 
  you have it better than germany , which has a different name in every language it seems . 
  germany , l'allemange , tyskland , deutschland ... 
  pronounced differently i bet . 
  estland , lettland , litauen in swedish . 
  about the nordic thing : before the establishment of the nordic council even the un used the word interchangably with the term northern europe . 
  estonia , and indeed the entirety of the baltic countries are included in the un 's official northern europe region , and thus you could say that you guys actually `` used to be nordic '' , but were robbed of that with the establishment of the nordic council . 
  in any case i do n't see why estonia should n't get a place in the council . 
  shared history notwithstanding my understanding is that estonia has more in common with finland than with their neighbours to the south and east , linguistically if not culturally . 
  as for english naming conventions they never make any sense . 
  oh come on !, 
  you 'd have to have been living under a rock for the last 2000 years to not know that europe is predominently christian , in culture if not in practice . 
  [ a town in virginia ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna,_virginia ) , 
  `` zee '' in america . 
  when i went to upper secondary school in the early 00 's the maps on the walls still had the soviet union on them ... 
   i kant decide . 
  i see what you did there ... 
  my feelings are more akin to [ that mitchell and webb look ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=musyo7j2inm ) . 
  that 's because social democracy is not the same thing as socialism and it has more nuance and interpretations than you give it credit for . 
  easy mistake . 
  the eu itself seems to do it all the time . 
  being sceptical of the eu as an institution does not prevent you from feeling that you are part of europe , as a continent . 
  the spd is not socialist , it 's social democrat . 
  furthermore , they are only social democrat in name these days . 
  like british labour . 
  i mean , spd [ did this . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agenda_2010 ), 
  this is exactly my attitude . 
  wow , absolute majority !, 
  that 's a rarity in today 's europe . 
  never said that was n't the case . 
  note that i 'm not taking a side on whether the military and its personell are in the right or not . 
  i 'm having a problem with the fact that this debate seems to end up being distilled into there being two sides : the `` they are all baby killing monsters !, 
  '' - side and the `` they are all noble heroes worthy of our everlasting respect !, 
  '' - side when the issue is not that simple . 
  well , i only bring it up because it 's hardly fair to say that everyone who joins the us military does so by their own free will knowing that they 'll be called upon to `` murder '' * and whatnot , or that they are all soldiers who sign up to serve their country and do what 's `` right '' , when it 's blatant that there 's a sizeable part of said military who joined because their choices were to either do that or starve in a country which lacks adequate social security . 
  it 's easy to criticise on a moral principle , but when your choice is between your morals and your well-being the principles get blurry . 
  we could n't possibly understand that unless we 've been in the same position ourselves . 
  not that this excuses the conduct of the us military or its foreign policies in any way , but the issue is not as simple as saying : `` those soldiers knew what they were getting into !, 
  '' , nor is it as simple as saying : `` all soldiers are heroes ! '' . 
  that 's trivialising a complex and heavy problem . 
  * ( murder is a legal term and thus any killing sanctioned by the government or the international rules of war ca n't be a murder . 
  that does n't mean it is n't wrong , but it strictly speaking is n't murder . ), 
  500 years ago `` settler '' was shorthand for `` genocidal fundamentalist '' . 
  just saying . 
  though it 's hardly fair to blame modern portugal for how the medieval population acquired their empire . 
  do n't a lot of people in the us sign up to join the military because they have no other prospects of getting employment and a salary ? 
  it 's essentially a class thing , is it not ? 
  send the poor to fight the rich people 's battles . 
   not many wars are just . 
  maybe none after ww2 are just . 
  and none before it . 
  notice how the bbc says `` up to '' ? 
  that 's media for `` we are pulling numbers out of our ass . '', 
  do whatever , just do n't elect the nazis again . 
  genitals do not need to physically involved for something to be considered rape . 
  there are toys and things that can be inserted into all sorts of orifices against their owners ' will ... ( also you can dose someone with viagra , which is contrary to popular belief not an aphrodisiac but rather stimulates blood flow throughout the body with certain predictable side effects . ), 
   you seriously entertain the notion that the nordic courts would convict minorities harder than the major population ? 
  yes . 
  hell yes . 
  are you aware of how our justice system works ? 
  there are no juries , instead there is a panel of politically appointed lay judges . 
  you become a lay judge by being loyal to a single political party for the majority of your life , so that when you retire from being actively political the party has an unimportant position they can hand to you as an empty gesture . 
  the average age of a lay judge is thus around 70 . 
  old swedish people are like old people everywhere else : they tend to be racist . 
  and since they are the ones who get to decide the verdicts of our courts ... you see where this is going ? 
  well , within * some * european countries and between * some * us states . 
  surely the cultures of northern and southern luxembourg are not going to be any more different than the cultures of maine and hawaii ( and if we count other us territories that are not part of any state , like puerto rico and american samoa , the differences could arguably be comparable to a european level . ), 
  finno-ugric languages . 
  the group also includes the many sami languages and estonian , as well as several languages spoken by various indigenous peoples in russia . 
  should be pointed out that all the language groups listed in the original post are indo-european languages , whereas finno-ugric is not . 
   what has europe done in the last 100 years that merits a most visited museum ? 
  ( honest question ) two world wars . 
  everyone in the world should be forced to go to a former concentration camp , just to get a perspective of how bad things really can get . 
   girls can have it all - career , marriage and motherhood - but they must learn to pick the right partner to accomplish it . 
  wow , i think i missed that when i read the article . 
  that 's the most offensive thing i 've read today . 
  `` women can do good , but only if they have a good man ! '', 
  what the fuck ? 
   it seems people in many countries in northern europe still have to choose between having children or double income . 
  so make all the men take the course then . 
  even from a matriarchalist point of view it 's silly to try and teach girls to find good men instead of trying to make all the men good instead . 
  even the most hardcore women 's right activist surely must think it 's better if everyone could have a nice spouse instead of only those with the knowledge and skills ( and luck ) to find one . 
  would n't it make more sense to have a general course on how to be a good spouse for both sexes ? 
  not at all . 
  norway is n't an eu member state , but it has signed the schengen agreement with all that entails ( open and free borders and such ) . 
  you could easily argue that norway is de facto a member of the eu , though one that can not vote on what the eu policies it has to abide by are going to be . 
  in any case it 's not analogous of the situation between ireland and the uk should the uk just completely drop out of the eu , as unlike the uk norway has no problems with being full schengen members .
