  i just do n't see the point of forcing non-christians to observe it . 
  i do n't understand why we even have set holidays in this day and age . 
  just have a national mandatory amount of days off and let people decide by themselves when to take it . 
  in the modern market there is no need for businesses to sync their annual schedules like there used to be . 
  i do n't actually know if the eu has any such regulations . 
  it does n't matter for the joke , because even if it does n't it 's precisely the kind of the thing the eu would regulate . 
  that 's not your current independence plan . 
  nope , that 's against eu regulations . 
  is there any way we can blame america for this ? 
  yeah . 
  selling weapons to objectionable nations without asking questions is * our * job damnit !, 
  so , swedish . 
  it 's germanic , northern branch , east norse , has two genders ( common and neuter ) , does n't bother with cases and has a lot of nuances in phonology . 
  it is closely related to danish and norwegian ( to the point of mutual intelligibility ) . 
  as a native language it 's spoken in sweden and finland and as trivia i 'll add also to a small group of people in a village in ukraine ( they were swedish-speakers from the balkans who were forcefully moved there by russia during the 18th century ) . 
  swedish is in comparison with danish and norwegian more influenced by continental europe and has more french and english loanwords and influences . 
  it is also the most widely spoken of the nordic languages . 
  these do n't denote the same sound though ( well , depending on dialect , but in standard national swedish ) . 
  they actually denote different ( though very similar ) fricative sounds , of which one , usually spelled sj and academically referred to as a voiceless palatal-velar fricative , as almost unique to swedish but the others are n't . 
  same goes for swedish in sweden . 
  for many people at least . 
  actually , we do n't . 
  no one gives a fuck about the national day . 
  it 's still a national holiday for some reason . 
  that may very well be the case . 
  morocco itself is not majority berber however . 
  arabic is spoken in morocco ( a dialect of it , to be specific ) . 
  it is one of two official languages , and the most wide-spread one . 
  arabic is spoken in morocco because arabs brought it there during the caliphate period . 
  * an ottoman comes up from behind , taps shoulder , then punches east rome in the face . 
  furthermore , the very word byzantine is a modern invention ( 19th century ) . 
  the actual east roman empire and its inhabitants never referred to themselves as such . 
  i also would n't call it exactly grounded on sure historical ground either . 
  the eastern roman empire 's government was a model of efficiency and simplicity ? 
  really ? 
  by the standards of the day maybe ... 
  it sounds even more like an antidepression pill than grexit did . 
  well , cyprus is entirely located in asia so in the name of geographically correct terminology they probably should leave the * european * union . 
  so it 's ok for food manufacturers to mix their products with undocumented things not on the label because only religious people are hurt by it ? 
  this is a much more serious problem than one of religion . 
  this time it was pork , last time it was horse . 
  next time it might be something worse . 
  come to think of it , remember the mad cow disease scandal ? 
  were all of those sick cows properly accounted for ? 
  will they be next time it happens ? 
  see the problem ? 
  christianity went through reforms and has a centralised hiercharchy quite unlike the other two ( even more so before the reformation ) . 
  by the time the church was established as a true powerhouse and started formalising religious law and canon its centre of power was no longer in the levant . 
  but you do have a point about the climate in the area . 
  it 's one theory anyway . 
  regardless , it does n't matter why they do n't want to eat pork . 
  if they do n't want to eat pork they do n't have to . 
  vegetarians do n't eat pork either , and i do n't mind that . 
  why should this be any different ? 
  they are n't trying to force me to abstain from it . 
  it is however a serious problem that food manufacturers defraud the public like this . 
  if i want to buy chicken i should n't have to worry that what i 'm actually buying is intentionally mislabelled pork . 
  they ca n't eat pork because their religions is from a desert and trying to keep pork around in the desert in ancient times is a sure recipe for getting sick . 
  yeah , religions do n't update very quickly . 
  i think that 's supposed to be part of the charm . 
  edit : in any case , just like with the horses earlier , the problem is n't that there are people who do n't want to eat pork but rather that there are people selling pork as chicken . 
  everyone 's hating on france , but cyprus 's levels are higher . 
  just saying . 
  denmark and sweden ( well ... south sweden ) is full of agricultural land . 
  because gulf stream . 
  that 's strange . 
  android 's swedish keyboard has all the extra signs . 
  are you sure that phone 's input settings are correctly configured for german ? 
  in any case , if there 's a market google will work it . 
  that 's what companies do . 
  the eu is a huge market with very good us communications and compatible infrastructure , google ca n't ignore it . 
  why do you think it 's never going to happen ? 
  for google it 's not a particularly difficult thing to arrange . 
  we must subsidise the failing european decadence market . 
  it 's very traditional and suffering from the economic decline . 
  thousands is a huge protest by swedish standards . 
  there are n't enough people for millions to march . 
  well , what our media 's been saying is that of the people stopped by the stockholm police and harrased to show papers so far 9 out 10 have been completely legal citizen . 
  that 's not what i 'd call very effective police work . 
  would much rather have them use my tax money to patrol the suburb at night to do something about the criminality that does exist there than this massive waste of money and time . 
  next time i run into a cop in the subway ( unlikely to be any time soon , i avoid stockholm local transportation as much as possible ) i 'll demand they do an id check on me , because of my obvious foreign looks . 
  with my appearence , you never know : i could be a finn or an american or something , possibly even a dane ( or as we call them in this country : the enemy !, 
  so what if it 's less ? 
  i was answering a comment that made the argument that `` sweden is swedes . '', 
  presumably a finn is just as much not-a-swede as a man from the congo , and thus should not be welcome in sweden . 
  close is no cigar , especially in racism . 
  the people were called swedes by outsiders , not necessarily by themselves . 
  the gutnish kept their own distinct identity for a lot longer than the 15th century ( especially since , during the 15th centure , it was n't ruled by sweden ) . 
  the gutnish language exists even today , with a scant few speakers . 
  the finns and the sami were always here and they were equally the subjects of the ruling monarch of the kingdom of sweden as was everyone else ( well , ok , the nomadic sami probably less so , but still ) . 
  that 's the thing about the old european nation states that is pretty tricky : sweden was ' t founded by swedes for swedes : it was funded by noblemen for noblemen . 
  most of the time the ruling nobility and especially the monarch were n't originally from the country ( case in point : current dynasty ) . 
  it did n't matter to them what peasants they were ruling , be they svear or geat or finn , and for the most part they certainly did n't have the good of the people in mind . 
  even when they were ethnically cleansing scania it was n't because of any idea of inherit racial superiority : the peasants there were still loyal to the danish crown . 
  the idea of tying ethnicities to nationalities is a fairly modern one . 
  each country has a national-romantic idea that it is n't and that their prevalent ethnicity sprung fully-formed from thin air , given the land by god and destiny to rule over for all time . 
  that 's another 19th century myth . 
  ferment it , make vodka ? 
  it 's actually been home to several different ethnic groups since time immemorial . 
  there are finns and sami and svear and geats and gutnish .
