  they do n't and the reason is because the swedish police put them through various tests and analysis and came to the conclusion that tasers are too deadly to use on the public . 
  the problem is that tasers generally appear to be non-lethal and in a lot of cases are , until you accidentally tase someone with the wrong kind of heart problem . 
  by contrast when you pull a gun you know for sure that it can and will kill if you aim for a vulnerable spot . 
  you had a political dissenter who fled to the usa and was killed in by a kgb agent with a poison umbrella . 
  this is referenced constantly in cold war fiction . 
  well , given that one of the `` good guys '' were stalin and you guys had ... previous history , i do n't think it 's fair to blame you for not willingly jumping on the allies bandwagon ... 
  [ they did . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapland_war ), 
  france is sometimes referred to as `` the hexagon '' or `` l'hexagone '' by french people , because the shape of the country roughly resembles one . 
  edit : here 's a french wikipedia [ article ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/hexagone_ ( france \\ ) ) , if you can decipher it . 
  the owl is certainly a lot more interesting than the traditional hexagon . 
  in retrospect , maybe handing finland over to russia was a good idea ... 
  i 'm not sure i agree here ... 
  if that was sd 's actual goal , surely they 'd have it as a part of their political programme that an extensive welfare reform should take place , one where resources are re-allocated and effectivised and things like healthcare and education that are currently suffering from cutbacks and mismanagement they should be wanting to spend more money and resources on . 
  instead they just want to cut budgets across the board , except for when it comes to greatly expanding the military and perhaps building old people 's retirement homes . 
  that does n't sound to me like what you are describing . 
  we ca n't forget that sd is a right-wing party in sweden no matter how you look at it , and the right-wing wants to dismantle the welfare system and privatise it , not expand it ( for either immigrants or naturalised citizen ) . 
  basically , you should form a left-wing anti-immigration party if you want what 's described above . 
  apart from halting immigration sd does n't want any of those things . 
  counting the millenial shift as an arbitrary line where swedish immigration really started taking hold , there 's been a total of 15 major riots in sweden since between ww2 ( almost half of them during the 1960s ! ), 
  and that time . 
  there 's been five since the year 2000 , out of which 3 were immigration-related . 
  the largest riot in swedish history remains g\u00f6teborg 2001 , which had nothing to do with immigration and everything to do with anti-americanism and syndicalist opposition to capitalism . 
  to my knowledge this has not been explained by sd , who 's rhetoric is rather more of the nature that once immigration stops everything will be fine and dandy . 
  the sd plan is basically going by their political programme and reading between the lines to stop all immigration except for a very small amount of skilled workers and use the money freed up in the budget to fund welfare for old people , while making cuts in most other public spending areas except for the military that they wish to instead expand . 
  whether this math holds up or not i ca n't speak for . 
   practically all education is paid for by the state so i would still claim that sweden is a country where being poor is a lot easier compared to other countries . 
  actually , no . 
  it 's paid for by the * municipalities * , which makes all the difference . 
  the state could afford to put more money and resources into improving schools in problematic areas , but as long as our school budgets are passed on a municipal level that 's not going to happen and our politicians are going to keep skimping on the costs , leading to a worse education for * everyone * in the long run ( just look at how sweden keeps dropping in this regard in comparison to the rest of the globe . ), 
  almost like they should consider becoming a single-issue party . 
  it might actually do them some good when it comes to voting numbers ( and let 's be honest here : if you vote sd you are not voting sd for any * other * reason than their immigration stance . ), 
  that has nothing to do with how well-written an article is . 
  things can still be badly written even if they agree with your political views , you know . 
  because immigration is the only political issue that matters at all . 
  who cares about tax rates , education and welfare spending , austerity measures and social issues like rights for homosexuals and women ? 
  it 's the immigration they should be caring about exclusively !, 
  for better or worse you must realise that the sweden democrats do in fact have * other * points in their party programme that may or may not fit everyone . 
  there are plenty of people with for example a very leftist view of economics and public spending that are also heavily anti-immigrant but would never vote for sd because of their centre-right economic policies . 
   '' \u00d6stersj\u00f6n '' the baltic sea in english . 
   since this is about bathing waters and not drinking waters i ca n't imagine our lakes would actually help us all that much in our rankings . 
  they may not be as polluted as the baltic ( though i 'm sure you can make a case for lake m\u00e4laren ... ) but it 's not particularly good for you to bathe in microbial-rich mud waters either . 
  single trip , two zones in stockholm costs the equivalent of 6 ... :(, 
  what else is there to it ? 
  i understand the police are using it because it 's better at incapacitating people , with the understanding that the increased fatality is a necessary evil to effectively safeguard public safety . 
  with that in mind , what else do you want ? 
  the police to carry machine guns ? 
  they are already more than prepared to handle all sorts of violence save for open warfare , i think . 
  edit : also noted re : geneva . 
  that particular part i actually agree with . 
  :p if they 'd stopped right around there ( possibly also looking into tasers , though they 've been previously determined to be too deceptively dangerous for the police to use ) there it probably would have been fine . 
  but they 've kept on escalating , and are then surprised when the more violent parts of society act up because of it . 
  regardless the point was n't that the police should n't carry weapons , but rather that the swedish police is already more than amply equipped to handle violence and dispense police brutality as necessary . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  this case has been widely criticised throughout swedish media . 
  it was not a clear case of the police being immediately threatened . 
  this riot is not without causes . 
  not that it excuses anything , but the swedish police are most certainly not innocent . 
  yeah , that 's kind of the problem right there ... 
  the swedish police has been systematically increasing their own levels of violence in recent years . 
  ten years ago the police had hand-guns with standard ammunition and billy clubs . 
  since then the police has asked for an been outfitted with pepper spray and smoke grenades , telescopic batons and most astonishing of all the * standard * loadout for the swedish police is now dum-dum bullets for their handguns . 
  this kind of ammonition is * banned * by the geneva convention for use in warefare because if causes unnecessary suffering . 
  obviously cops need that , right ? 
  the swedish police also has extraordinary legal rights on top of this escalation . 
  because of the way the swedish legal system works the police can and routinely ask for warrants to be applied retroactively . 
  that is to say , they break into your home with the swat unit , drag you to the station and keep you in a cell potentially * indefinitely * ( which swedish law allows in some cases ) , all without any sort of legal orders or special permission , and if it leads to something that 's even potentially illegal or suspicious being found then a warrant can be issued and applied after the case making it not illegal for the police to act in this manner . 
  and if they do n't find anything there 's no internal policing department so the event gets written off as a case of `` professional error '' and trying to then bring that to court as an individual is almost impossible . 
  and the police are not risking anything from a procedural point of view either because evidence is evidence and swedish laws does not care if it was gathered illegally . 
  add to this that the police has markedly decreased their requirements for being one and that many high-profile cases of police corruption and misconduct has been brought up by media in recent times and this reaction from a generation of young people feeling neglected and discriminated against because of their ethnicity ( because we are talking about immigrants here : this suburb is a heavily segregated ghetto by swedish standards ) does not seem so odd , do n't you agree ? 
  tl ; dr the swedish police is already draconic enough , that 's the root of the problem . 
   why would you want to pursue the matter against them ? 
  putting a bottle on the table is just a way to allow you to choose how much oil you put on your salad , rather than having it done in the kitchen . 
  if they put a bottle on the table that says : `` x brand olive oil '' and they have in fact replaced the contents with y brand peanut oil and an allergic dies because of it the restaurant has committed a crime by leading the customer to in good faith believe the oil was in fact olive based and made by x. 
  if they just put a decanter of oil on the table and an allergic dies from it then it 's the allergic 's own damn fault for not asking what kind of oil it was . 
  see the difference ? 
   we might as well request branding for all the other ingredients of the salad . 
  well , if i order a tuna salad i 'm sure as hell supposed to be legally guaranteed to get a tuna salad and not salad made with horse meat . 
  just saying ... 
  i mean , of course it 's impossible to have restaurants properly and openly account for every single ingredient they put in the food on their menus . 
  it 's just not practical . 
  that 's not a reason for the law to just throw up their hands in the air and let the people who handle our food do whatever they like however . 
  we must have rules to ensure fair practices in the food market , and as the multitudes of stories from all around europe in recent times show the current laws and regulations are clearly not enough . 
   attack  verb  1 : take aggressive military action against ( a place or enemy forces ) with weapons or armed force :  in february the germans attacked verdun  ** 2 : criticize or oppose fiercely and publicly : **  he attacked the government 's defence policy  ** 3 : begin to deal with ( a problem or task ) in a determined and vigorous way : **  a plan of action to attack unemployment oxford english dictionary , emphasis mine . 
  you can report and sue a restaurant for bringing you a labelled flask of oil with the contents replaced with something else , whereas if they just bring you a jug with no markings and make no specific binding claims as to its contents you have no legal way of pursuing the matter against them . 
  eec , actually ( the eu 's `` ancestor '' . ), 
  then let 's get back to blaming the british !, 
  actually , cyprus is in asia , not africa . 
   greenland is also not a member of the eu ( denmark only handles its foreign politics , not its domestic affairs . ), 
  i 've actually never heard of greenland being thought of as part of europe as much as people refer to it as a european colony . 
  yes , but regardless of that there are countries that are unmistakable , uncontroversially european by any standard that are not part of the european union and have no desire to be ( norway , switzerland , belarus , etc ) . 
  so ok , being part of the european union relates to you being european in the way you described , but it 's not a prerequisite by any means . 
  being a member of the european union has nothing to do with being european . 
  thrace is in europe , so technically speaking turkey is . 
  but even so you could just as easily replace the turkey part with outrage from several other european countries with similarly bad track records when it comes the lgbt rights . 
  public dancing is still illegal ( though largely unenforced ) ... 
  well , ireland was part of the uk back then , so ... do you really want your country to take credit for it that badly ? 
  no gay sex in the vip room !, 
  that 's way too recent to show up in the statistics used for this sort of map , however . 
  also the archaic laws about mandatory castration for transsexuals ( that are on their way out . ),
