  i mean , when it comes to the greeks and the turks fighting it out both sides are equally wrong most of the time , and regardless of who wins both sides have a history of ethnic cleansing and genocidal behaviour , so either way someone 's getting tragically fucked in the process . 
  in that particular conflict , from a historical point of view , there 's never been a good guy . 
  not to be * that * guy , but how is cyprus even in the eu to begin with ? 
  the country is entirely located in asia . 
  i 'd think that 'd disqualify them . 
  oh , so just because your country is being problematic to the eu you do n't count as european , despite obvious geographic proof otherwise ? 
  quick , someone tell ukraine and belarus they are n't welcome on this subreddit anymore !, 
  i think he meant to write `` popular osx client : '' . 
  `` join '' ? 
  i 've never said anything about anyone joining anything . 
  this is / r/europe not / r/eu and turkey is partly located in europe , easy as that . 
  and in any case , even if it was n't , its affairs are of european interest . 
  i mean , fuck , just a month ago we were flooded with threads about azerbaijan because of eurovision and that country is definitely on the outlier of europe , being mostly located in asia ( arguably completely so , even ) , and i 've seen several threads about cyprus , which is most definitely completely located in asia , yet now we are arguing about whether posts about turkey are appropriate for this subreddit or not ? 
  that 's just silly and stupid and quite obviously racially motivated . 
   it gets weird fast . 
  in germany the extreme right-wing party is called ... 
  the left ( die linke ) . 
  that 's some nice mindfuck . 
  the idea is imho the same , extreme nationalism and extreme socialism are more or less the same thing or go well together . 
  uhm ... no . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the german extreme right wing is called the [ npd ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democratic_party_of_germany ) . 
  there is a centrist party in denmark that 's known as the `` radical leftists '' however ... 
  far right is relative and is n't a label you receive for your actual economic stances . 
  if it was we 'd never call the nazis right-wing ( a centralised state-controlled economy is hardly a right-wing plan ) . 
  it 's right-wing socially , more than anything , and the sweden democrats do sort of fit in that , if you look to how they compare with the other parties in parliament ( being against gay marriage and adoption for example ; quite conservative in social issues in comparison to almost anyone except maybe the christian democracts . ), 
  do you not understand what the word schizophrenic means ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  the article does not tell us anything about his skin colour , nor his origin . 
  you are making assumptions , because you are a racist . 
  actually , yeah , that 's true . 
  but * formally * speaking you ca n't really call an independent far right . 
  independents are independent of parties , hence the name , and while you can label parties , in all sorts of parliamentary summaries i 've ever seen all independents are grouped together into a sort of `` misc . '', 
  group that 's not counted as anything for the purposes of ideological breakdown . 
  `` it should n't have . '', 
  then something about how most of turkey is in asia including its capital . 
  edit : grammar . 
  yeah , but he was n't voted in as an independent . 
  he ca n't be shut out of the parliament . 
  for that to be possible you must be guilty of a crime that gives you 2 or more years in prison . 
  you know how ridiculously much that is in swedish justice system terms ? 
  so yeah . 
  his party shut him out , but his seat remains so he 's an independent because none of the parties want him . 
  why should n't it ? 
  the turkish area of thrace is predominately inhabited by turkish-speaking people . 
  and yes , the vast majority of turkey is in asia . 
  so is the vast majority majority of russia . 
  if you count greenland then denmark is mostly in north america . 
  with their antarctic claim most norwegian territory is located on that continent . 
  cyprus is entirely located in asia . 
  are you against the posting of threads about those countries in this subreddit as well ? 
  turkey has territory in europe . 
  the lowest category there , 0-4 % , would never be applicable to sweden . 
  the threshold to join the parliament is a 4 % vote . 
  i do n't think you can really compare the two . 
  even before the crisis greece was a fairly minor player but spain is a huge and important economy . 
  it 's the fifth largest in the eu ( germany , france , uk , italy , spain , in that order ) and the 12th in world ( by gdp ) . 
   one source told the paper he was a schizophrenic who had broken off his treatment . 
   his sister , who was brought to the scene during the afternoon to help in negotiations , revealed that her brother was not religious and had been in and out of social care since childhood . 
  yes , clearly a case of evil muslim terrorist coming to terk our derbs and eat our children . 
  i 'm a tramp and i do n't lock my door at night . 
  sweden does n't extradite people to countries if they are charged for a crime in which the death penalty is even a theoretical possibility . 
  that 's why we had deserters and draft dodgers flee here during vietnam . 
  furthermore i ca n't understand the thought process that would lead one to conclude that the uk , of all places ( no offence but ... ) , would be less willing to hand a person over to the us were they to ask than sweden . 
  finally , no charges have been filed against assange in the usa ( * or * sweden , for that matter . ), 
  this whole thing is just stupid . 
  he should 've just gone to the preliminary accusation lawyer 's hearing , so that they can conclude that there is n't enough evidence to file any charges ( there quite likely is n't ) , and then move on with his life . 
  on the other hand the extreme anticlimax when assange finally does get extradited here only to be set free immediately is going to be a laugh . 
  i 'm eagerly awaiting to see how the tinfoil people will explain that one . 
  the usa never changed its name . 
  :p but yeah , i guess i did . 
  still , any excuse to talk about history . 
  ( though in theory the usa does in fact hold a claim over the entirety of american continent . 
  other countries could join and become a state if congress approves . 
  originally that was the idea , that all of the americas would eventually join the union , but it 's not quite likely to happen now . 
  it 's a bad example , is my point . 
  moldova is a much better one . 
  some others could be netherlands ( arguably ) , south africa , the two different countries both called kongo and the central african republic . ), 
   united states of america - does the name of the usa imply teritorial claims over the rest of the americas ? 
  yes , actually . 
  manifest destiny , monroe doctrine ... 
  the usa may not be looking towards annexing mexico any time soon , but it was n't always that way , especially in the country 's youth . 
  shared roots aside reach is not at all used in the same way as the word reich or the nordic rike . 
  realm is pretty much the best translation out there , though domain is n't half-bad either in conveying the nuances of the word 's meaning . 
  that 's hardly necessary . 
  we just tell the finns that the russian is coming again and they 'll do what what they 're best at : kicking russian ass . 
  actually , no . 
  it 's supposed to be the eth , \u00f0 ( capital : \u00d0 ) . 
  it 's pronounced like the `` soft '' th-sound in english ( there are actually two different th sounds in that language , though they are spelled the same . ), 
  the thorn meanwhile is pronounced like the `` hard '' th-sound . 
  out of curiosity why is your currency pegged to the euro in the first place ? 
  i mean , we also opted out of the emu but we never pegged our currency to anything . 
  wait , so how is denmark a safe haven if its currency is pegged to the euro ? 
  well , they are , but they are so different in form and pronounciation that you ca n't really say they are the same word anymore . 
  as a side note the old norse word for germany was suthvegr , `` southern path '' . 
  the opposite of norway , if you will . 
  probably because they thought that was the etymology back then . 
  sweden here , giving vienna some love : wienerkorv . 
  english wikipedia [ disagrees ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_norway#etymology ) . 
  in any case nynorsk is a 19th century attempt at language reform based on national romantic views of faux linguistics .
