  i do n't care if mcdonalds opens a regional headquarters in sweden . 
  i do care if cia agents are allowed to spy on our population with our government 's consent , which has happened in the past ( and is the topic of this thread ) . 
  i 'm talking about the actions of the american * government * not that of its individual nationals or corporations or organisations that happen to originate from there . 
  for the military stuff it is an open secret that sweden relied on assumed american help in the event of a war with the soviet union during the cold war . 
  the swedish military was an impressive one in its own right during the period , especially the airforce , but there was never any doubt that sweden would in the case of a soviet invasion be expecting help from nato . 
  this is not the case any more but it certainly was historically . 
  the hypothetical war never happened though so of course there are no historical events to point out . 
  ww2 is a lousy example . 
  the period i 'm talking about came after that , and the usa was n't even a proper global superpower before that war . 
  of course sweden did n't need or ask for help from the usa in the 1930s : the usa was an isolationist state at the time !, 
  well , the inuit were pretty aggressive in their expansion onto greenland . 
  they killed the dorset off in the process . 
  i fail to see why protecting businesses in sweden would have anything to do with allowing the us government to act freely within our borders . 
  the cia is not a corporation . 
  but i digress . 
  the economy is part of if , but it 's also a matter of global politics . 
  historically we needed to suck up to the usa to ensure our `` unofficial '' alliance , and even today the whole thing has a lot to do with nato . 
  yes . 
  the little ice age killed them off . 
  yeah , kind of . 
  our government has a bit of a history overlooking the actions of the usa within its territory , but on the other hand sometimes they do say no and complain diplomatically ( though our ruling political parties are pretty usa friendly , and if the yanks ask nicely first they can get away with a lot of bullshit as our press has uncovered from time to time ) . 
  i agree with that . 
  adult people should be able to call themselves whatever they want . 
  if that is fuckcunt mcshithead then so be it . 
  children should not have strange and obscene names forced upon them by their parents however . 
  iceland is also particularly conservative about their language . 
  this is a problem that would also exist in other languages with clear grammatic gender ( german or french , for example ) , but usually the authorities wo n't care as long you do n't name your kid something that would be harmful for them in the long run . 
  if this references greenland most of the population are actually native inuits . 
  granted , the norse actually predate the inuits in greenland , but the inuits have had a longer continuous habitation there and they form the vast majority of people . 
  of course . 
  still , naming restriction laws have a purpose and should not be completely disregarded as totalitarian . 
  this is not true . 
  several countries do n't have armed forces , iceland is hardly alone in this . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_without_armed_forces ), 
  iceland is usually considered part of europe , whereas greenland is somestimes considered europe and sometimes america ( though geographically speaking it is definitely a lot closer to america ) . 
  edit : iceland is however right between the north american plate and the eurasian plate , which is why it has such volcanic activity . 
  however , continents , and * especially * europe , are mainly a cultural phenomenon anyway . 
  yes , because it 's completely draconian that i am not allowed to name my child fuckcunt mcshithead . 
  which just makes the whole thing worse to me . 
  the kid in that story never had any say about whether he wanted to be drawn into his parents ' political battle , and had they won he would have had to live with that name . 
  the reason black slaves were favoured by colonial american slave owners over white slaves was purely a matter of economics for the most part : the black slaves survived the harsh climates and long days in the sun much better than the white ones did , which meant you did n't have to get new slaves as often . 
  it was n't like the europeans went to africa , saw the black people there and instantly went : `` aha , clearly these lower people would be the perfect slaves ! '', 
  the preference for black slaves developed over a period of time when experience in the new world colonies started showing that they were cheaper to keep . 
  that said , the europeans and their settles in the americas did think black people were n't worthy of the same rights as them , and it was a very racist time in general . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  he is right . 
  the united kingdom was n't formed until 1707 . 
  in 1918 the name academics used was still lapps . 
  people were pretty racist back then . 
  your grandparents could have worked for the political elite and thus have gotten a larger ration . 
  til : i 'm apparently average swedish male height . 
  it certainly feels like i 'd be a little bit taller than the average when i 'm out and about in public , but maybe there 's a bunch of tall people in a different part of the country making up for the statistics . 
  looking at the norse : elfdalian is not considered to be a language in its own rights by most authorities , though there are arguments for it being one . 
  it is most certainly not part of a distinct branch of norse though , being more of a west norse with elements from the east branch . 
  however , there are actually a few people around who still speak gutnish , though probably not the old version of it . 
  depending on the meat you actually want a certain amount of fat regardless of species . 
  take you example of sausage . 
  sausage made with lean meat and no added fat becomes dry . 
  i know , because i 've tried . 
  you * need * the fat or it wo n't be any good . 
  likewise , if you like me like smoked foods and have a home smoker you run pretty much all of the time then the meat you put in there for smoking has to have fat or you might as well just be drying the meat . 
  the fat is what picks up on the smoky flavours , you see . 
  fat in food is good . 
  you should eat it in moderation , obviously , but there 's no reason to fear it . 
  even pork is too lean these days . 
  yes , i 'm serious . 
  the pigs they make supermarket pork from are bred to be as lean as possible ( for a pig ) while still providing as much meat as possible . 
  this makes such pork very dry and very tasteless and boring when cooked . 
  with chicken this problem is even more rampant since the standard has become that chicken should be low-fat , low-taste dryness and thus almost all chickens are bred to be and taste that way , with only a few rare people keeping older , tastier breeds . 
  i would n't . 
  their country is n't called that . 
  just like i would n't call the uk england , despite the insistence of doing so by many of my fellows . 
  likewise , but because of a reverse situation , i 'd never refer to the usa simply as america . 
  that 's unfair to the rest of the continent , i think . 
  there was a swedish mystic/cult leader guy in the 19th century who placed atlantis as sundsvall . 
  i think that 's hilarious . 
  the vikings would reach the land bridge and take that instead . 
  then the norse hegemony over britain might never end . 
  it 's more accurate to say that god made holland and then left the dutch to clean up his mess as the place was clearly well below safety standards . 
  in ancient times the lowlands used to be not quite as low . 
  sometime in the early middle ages the area started experiencing severe and permanent flooding as the massive sand banks that used to hold the water away sunk below sea level . 
  so when the dutch a couple of centuries later started making artificial barriers and pumping the water away from some areas of their country they were in a sense taking back land that used to be available from the sea . 
  that 's why they call it recovered . 
  it 's a 17th century thing . 
  the taxidermist had never seen a lion and went by description . 
  i 'm not defending the monarchy . 
  i do n't really care one way or the other . 
  however , if you argument against the monarchy is that the king is some kind of tyrant or just that he is too stupid to be head of state i must protest . 
  the king does nothing of any political importance . 
  in fact , he is constitutionally forbidden from doing so . 
  he is n't and ca n't be a despot under the current system , and it does n't matter if he 's a moron because he does n't do anything , politically speaking . 
  now , if the argument is that from a democratic principle there should n't be a king in the first place i have no objections , because that 's a good argument . 
  furthermore as per our constitution the head of state has very few functions , meaning that it is in fact entirely irrelevant if the person holding the position does or does not have brains or an education . 
  it also means that if we abolish the monarchy we wo n't be directly electing our head of state anyway . 
  the position will be an appointed one , chosen by the parliament or even the prime minister . 
  look to the german model for something akin to what i 'm talking about . 
  likely in fact the first speaker of the parliament ( riksdagens f\u00f6rste talman ) , who is not directly elected as i 'm sure you know , is going to be our new head of state if the monarchy is abolished . 
  constitutionally speaking the first speaker already performs much of the functions of the head of state in the king 's stead ( however , i 'd like to reiterate , those functions are entirely symbolic in nature ) , so it 's a natural choice . 
  like you said , if tax money is going to be spent it should be spent on something worthwhile . 
  a national election of a symbolic position with no inherent power or de jure influence is a massive waste of money , and thus we wo n't be having any .
