  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_8 ) while it 's clearly hyperbolic to claim that the us as a whole is institutionally homophobic the idea that there are down-right anti-gay people with a lot of influence and power in the usa is hardly outrageous . 
   the youngsters do n't get it sure , you keep on telling yourself that . 
  yes , it 's a technicality . 
  the police are governed by technicalities . 
  it 's a good thing that they and the supreme court respects the law and follow it as it is written . 
  it 's not their job to interpret . 
  it 's up to parliament to change it . 
  note that it said the police can only detain people if they 're suspected of a crime that leads to prison . 
  putting illegal immigrants in prison kind of defeats the purpose of saying you do n't want them to stay in your country in the first place , do n't you think ? 
  it 's hugo boss . 
  he 's right . 
  the uk , and by extensions england , is not in the euro . 
  it 's in the eu , but it 's got its own currency . 
  well , i 'll tell you how we 'll most certainly * not * get there : with iranian oil exports . 
  so , before people go screaming bloody murder and evil religion you should read the whole article carefully . 
  the police has advised the man that it * may * be , if * someone complains about it * , something they have to act upon . 
  they have not in fact done anything to the man , or the poster , nor had they received any complaints . 
  so this whole `` outrageous '' story is basically just an old man getting bad advice from the cops in his small town of residence in the english countryside . 
  clearly it 's a theist conspiracy !, 
  yeah , no , let 's not . 
  they 'll just throw them away anyway . 
  he motivates his actions with it . 
  he keeps saying he wants to overthrow the current ugandan government and institute a state based on `` the ten commandments '' . 
  he 's as much a religious leader as he 's a political one . 
  his followers , and he himself , claims he is possessed by the holy spirit or has direct contact with it . 
  he instructs his militants to paint themselves with crosses because they will divinely ward off bullets . 
  kony has * everything * to do with religion . 
  here 's what the man himself has to say in defence of his despicable actions :  `` is it bad ? 
  it is not against human rights . 
  and that commandment was not given by joseph . 
  it was not given by lra . 
  no , those commandments were given by god . '', 
  ( yes , apparently he speaks of himself in the third term . ), 
  he 's a christian extremist if there ever was one . 
  if i may paraphrase : just because you are paranoid does n't mean they are n't after you , but at the end of the day you are still paranoid . 
  so why is it so inconceivable then that this whole business is in fact not a grand international conspiracy against one inconsequential man ( in the grand scheme of things ) and just an overzealous prosecutor using all the legally available means she has to get a suspect and do her job ? 
  then we are in total agreement . 
  i do n't think it should be though . 
  incitement is illegal not to make it punishable to be a bigot , but to protect the safety of citizen . 
  making it illegal to have unacceptable opinions is just dickery and furthermore against the spirit of democracy and a free society . 
  in that case i would agree . 
  likewise in that case the statement : `` the proper place for a man is beneath a woman . '', 
  should also be illegal . 
   if it is illegal to say that `` the proper place for a black is to be beneath a white man . 
  '' , it is n't . 
  like i said , for something to be incitement it has to be considered or be reasonably assumed to be a call to action against a group of people . 
  that 's how it works in sweden anyway . 
  edit : to elaborate : if my old racist grandfather was to say `` i think it is a pity , all these black people roaming free . 
  the proper place for a black man is to be beneath a white man . '', 
  he 's just expressing his , however terrible , opinion . 
  if he instead went : `` i think it 's a pity , someone should do something about these black people !, 
  the proper place for a black man is to be beneath a white man . '', 
  then he 's calling for action against black people and is thus committing an incitement crime . 
  there is a fine line between incitement and freedom of speech , yes . 
  but simply saying `` i want to introduce shariah law . '', 
  is not incitement . 
  neither is it incitement to say : `` the proper place for a woman is to be beneath a man . '', 
  for something to be incitement you have to actually make a call for action against a group of people . 
  simply insulting them is not enough . 
  those two are nationalist organisations . 
  they do n't claim religion to be their main goal or motivation . 
  religion is such a fractured and complicated topic that ultimately it 's impossible to say who is and is n't an adherent to a particular religion . 
  are the mormons christian ? 
  are the druze muslim ? 
  other christians and muslims certainly do n't think so , but from an outside perspective they sure seem very similar . 
  the only thing we have to really go by when someone says they belong to a particular religion or not is their own word . 
  and besides , extremists are hardly the best and strictest of theologians . 
  the khoran forbids the murder and killing of innocent people , just like the bible . 
  does this mean al qaeda are not muslim ? 
  so when kony says he 's motivating his despicable actions with christianity then who are we to argue ? 
  in his mind he probably is . 
  this makes him a christian fundamentalist , just like the westborough baptist church are christians despite their version of it not fitting very well with most other versions . 
  naturally , but to say that any one religion ca n't be as fundamentalist and extremist as another is blatantly false . 
  but of course christians in the west are going to be much less likely to commit acts of terror to get their point across , since they are n't in a position to feel as suppressed . 
  but even then there 's breivik ... * * who at least partially was motivated by feelings of the superiority of what he termed `` christian culture '' , according to his manifesto . 
  my only point is that your numbers are 6 years old . 
  are you contesting this ? 
  you mean traditions and customs like freedom of speech , opinion and religion ? 
  you know , those things that allow you put up posters about whatever you want and think whatever you like in regards to what laws your country should and should n't have . 
  that 24 % have all melted away . 
  everyone who wanted sharia 6 years ago has changed their mind since . 
  that 's not what he 's saying . 
  only that your numbers are older than those cited by the article . 
  ever heard of joseph kony ? 
  no , because she would not be a witness . 
  she 'd be accusing party . 
  this means she would not have to swear an oath to tell the truth , and her admitting to being wrong or not is entirely up to her . 
  ideally she should just tell the court the truth : `` i was shocked , i called the police . 
  but , now that i have calmed down i realised i should n't have . '', 
  but ultimately whether the victim thinks it 's a crime or not does n't matter . 
  that 's entirely up to the prosecutor . 
  edit : as i was looking through this whole thing i realised that we might be arguing different points . 
  it is relevant to know in the context of this that ** sweden does not have bail for any sort of crime or incarceration . 
  ** once you are incarcerated you are incarcerated . 
  you do n't get to buy your way out of jail . 
  the thing is that from the point of view of the swedish justice system when it comes to sexual crimes such as rape the rights of the victim always comes first . 
  imagine you 've been raped ( though it 's impossible to know the actual torment of that unless you 've personally been a victim , but for argument 's sake ) or sexually abused . 
  you know who did it , you 've told the police , who 've told the prosecutor who gets to investing the charges . 
  the person who raped you is a foreigner known to travel a lot . 
  now imagine that the prosecutor then goes : `` well , we know for a fact that he will be leaving the country because that 's what he does , but we wo n't stop him .
