  we are just going to let your rapist leave the country with no objection while we sort this thing out . '', 
  how would you feel about that ? 
  and then the investigation is never closed because the prosecutor needs to hear the alleged perpetrator , only he 's out of the country and he 's never coming back , so there can be hearing , and there can be no trial . 
  your rapist goes free . 
  do you really think that 's fair ? 
  now , granted , the way sexual crimes are handled in sweden leaves a lot to be wished for . 
  the laws surrounding rape and sexual abuse were extensively reformed just a couple of years ago , in the early 00 's , because of harsh critique from media and the public for how easy it was for rapists to go free of their crimes . 
  in the process of reforming these laws some rather rash decisions were made with inadequate thoughts as to the consequences ( for example it is now illegal for two 14 year olds to have * consensual * sex , and both participants could be charged with rape for it ) . 
  the very fact that assange would be charged for rape because of the alleged actions is a function of this reform . 
  now , whether what he did should be called rape or not is not something the justice system can or should be allowed to even have an opinion . 
  the fact is that the law says explicitly that it is rape , and the justice system has to handle the case from that . 
  assange is wanted for questioning under a rather broad , `` umbrella '' - type leglislation . 
  under the same legislation people who hide in parks and overpower young women to violently rape them are also charged , and if assange had been wanted for that no one would be questioning whether he should be incarcerated or not . 
  the justice system has to have the tools to treat anyone suspected of the same crime the same way , which is why they have to treat assange this way out of principle . 
  it 's nothing personal , but that 's the way the system works . 
  edit : also , no one should be allowed bail . 
  bail is a silly and antiquated system that allows the rich to circumvent the law . 
  either you are incarcerated or you are not , you should not simply be allowed to pay your way out of it . 
  exactly . 
  they have n't charged him yet , for anything . 
  i mean , with the eyes of the world upon this not even the usa would dare the kind of trickery you are describing . 
  they are not going to charge him with shoplifting only to change the charges to terrorism once he lands on american soil . 
  the publicity would be too much , and that is if the usa actually wants to put him to a trial in the first place . 
  for assange to be extradited charges must be filed in the usa . 
  the crime they 'd charge him for is espionage . 
  espionage comes with the possibility of execution , it 's on the scale of punishment for the crime as we 'd say in sweden . 
  swedish authorities are prohibited by constitutional law to extradite people for crimes when execution is on that scale . 
  that 's why we had draft dodgers flee here from the usa during vietnam : they could n't legally be extradited . 
  the victim has no say in whether charges should be filed or not in sweden . 
  once a criminal allegation has been made the prosecutor takes over . 
  there are lots of cases of domestic abuse that hit the swedish courts where the abused party changed their mind after calling the police and have to attend court against their will . 
  those trials tend to go a lot like : `` here 's a photo of your injuries the night you called the police and said your husband had attacked you . 
  where did you get all those bruces ? '', 
  `` i walked into a door ! '', 
  that is true and undisputed . 
  however , rape is a serious issue and crime and should be handled appropriately . 
  now the circumstances around assange 's particular case do not indicate that he is a risk due to any sexual assault or such , but there is and was a flight risk ( as evident by his actions ) and in such cases , especially when the allegation is rape , the prosecutors in sweden will play it safe and keep the alleged in custody pending investigation . 
  the alternative would be to let rapists flee the country after their crimes . 
  assange may or may not have had intentions of cooperating had they not demanded his incareration but that is beyond the point since this is how the prosecutorial authorities in sweden handle rape allegations as a matter of principle . 
  which would be rape , according to the current swedish law on the matter . 
  like we did n't already know their views in regards to copyright legislation ... edit : though , interestingly , representatives of the liberal people 's party abstained but the christian democrats of all people voted against . 
  in short : he 's a whining attention whore , and also possibly delusional . 
  he 's received the same treatment anyone else would under swedish law in the same circumstances . 
  he is not going to be turned over to the usa , because there 's no legal way he can be and he has way too much attention these days for anyone to try anything in secret . 
  when he 's finally sent here there 's going to be a huge anticlimax as more than likely he 'll be heard , the prosecutor will drop the case , and he 'll immediately be set free . 
  and i 'll laugh at the tinfoil people while eating popcorn . 
   and about this article in particular it all fails just a few sentences in with this :  the allegations against assange , in contrast , are not nearly so serious , he 's alleged to have performed rape !, 
  how is that not serious ? 
  wait , not one swedish mep ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  is there a list of everyone that abstained ( aka : `` i want to vote yes but do n't have the balls to . 
  cern is in europe ? 
  well , i guess we are in agreement partially , in that i do n't really care if the government wants to run public service media , but at the same time i do n't understand why they 'd do it on other principles than the rest of their public services . 
  in that way i am also opposed to fees for tvs and computers , only i do n't necessarily think it 's wrong per se for the government to fund and run their media , only that it would make a lot more sense to me if it was done using the same means that fund any other government activity , which is to say just plain old taxes rather than selective fees with weird and arbitrary rules . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is that the most `` convenient way for the taxpayer '' is to just include it in the income tax . 
  because our public tv channel makes all their content available for free on the internet ( as long as you have a swedish ip ) . 
   the poor can watch everything they want on-line . 
  taxing computers to fund public tv does not change anything for them . 
  there are terrabytes and petabytes of information freely available in the internet that the poor can browse without paying anything above the internet access . 
  i never said i wanted to tax computers . 
  that 's an argument you 've been talking about all along , yet it 's not something i 've proscribed or advocated at any point . 
  in fact , my argument has been that it 's absurd to take out a fee ( once again : ** fees are not taxes !, 
  ** ) for having ownership of a television or a computer with an internet connection rather than just paying for the whole thing via conventional taxation methods , if indeed the government should be running their own television channels and radio stations in the first place . 
  ( in which i do n't have an opinion and could go either way to be to honest . ), 
  like i said : i do n't see why public tv and radio is any fucking different from any other public services the government provides . 
  i mean , we do n't tax people for being sick and in need of national healthcare . 
  we tax * everyone * , regardless of whether they are sick or not , to pay for our national healthcare . 
  the same principles goes for just about everything the government does . 
  you are n't taxed for being on the border in times of war when the military comes to defend you , no , everyone regardless of whether they strictly speaking are in immediate need of military protection or not has to pay taxes to support the military . 
  social services , same thing . 
  does n't matter if you are poor and you need that social security cheque to live and not starve , or whether you are rich and will never ever in your lifetime have any need whatsoever of social services : you still have to fucking pay your fucking taxes that are used to fund these things . 
  why should public media be any different ? 
  it 's a public service like any other !, 
   the government does not have to burden the citizens with intrusive taxes . 
  the very same usa is able to sponsor government-run tv and radio without taxing tvs and computers . 
  uhm ... no , it 's not ? 
  the us `` public '' media like npr are in fact private initiatives funded by donations from like-minded individuals . 
  the state is not involved at all . 
  the state control of media in the usa extends as far as running the fcc to censor things that are considered to be too vulgar for the general public , but beyond that there 's no state involvement in television or media at all in the usa . 
  anyways , as previously mentioned , i 'm undecided if i even care if the government wants to spend money on running public tv and radio or not . 
  it 's relatively speaking such a small expenditure in comparison to what the state has to spend on other things that for the individual tax payer it would n't amount to basically anything , regardless of your economic status , if it were to be a part of the general income tax . 
  licensing fees on an individual basis for a national public service however is just blatantly absurd and strange and as previously mentioned simply does not make any sense when the rest of our public services are funded by taxes which each individual has to pay regardless of whether they make use of the service or not . 
  now , whether there should be public tv and radio in the first place , of that i have no opinion . 
  well , at that point you might as well not have public television at all and leave the whole thing in private corporate hands , aka do it like the usa . 
  anyway , i do n't see why it 's any more absurd for the state to tax everyone for the service than it is for them to tax everyone , the sick and the healthy , for national healthcare , or both the rich and the poor for social services , or both the criminal and the lawful for the police or just about any other thing the government taxes everyone for but everyone does not necessarily make use of . 
  what makes public television so fundamentally different from any other public service ? 
  now , if the argument is that the government should n't be running public television in the first place then that 's a different argument and discussion from what i was talking about . 
  i still think you are missing the point of what i 'm saying . 
  the current system , as it is in sweden at least , is that if you have a tv or a computer capable of accessing the internet or tv signals you have to pay a television license fee ( which is * not * a tax !, 
  ) , since you will then have access to the public television channels run by the state . 
  the idea behind this is that you should n't have to pay for the public television channel unless you are capable of watching it ( which is contradictory to how the government funds pretty much everything else . ), 
  however , at the point that you say that a computer with an internet connection is sufficient to qualify you of having access to public television and thus be forced to pay the license you might as well drop the whole licensing system and increase the general income tax by like half a percent or whatever to pay for the public television channel instead , since at that point you are practically covering the whole population anyway . 
  that 's what my point was . 
  unless i 'm mistaken there are countries that already do this , like iirc the bbc is paid for by taxes rather than a separate , technically voluntary fee . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  i mean you include it in the income tax , or something like that . 
  it 's not insane for a government to tax its populace for a service they provide them ( in this case public television and media ) . 
  that 's sort of what taxes are for ... ( as a side note computers are already taxed pretty much everywhere , in that they are covered by vat like any other good . ), 
  it was a couple of years ago at least , though there 's a loophole in that if they ca n't prove that your computer has an internet connection they ca n't charge you , iirc . 
  sweden already does this .
