  exactly . 
  it has nothing to do with traditional left-wing voters abstaining from voting , as the article posits . 
  though that may be the case in the uk . 
  ireland has wanted to join the schengen at various points , i believe , but never really could because it would mean they 'd have to close their border with the uk , which * really * does n't want to have anything to do with schengen . 
  i 'm questioning whether that factor would be as important if the uk were to leave the eu , however . 
  but i digress , as it 's unlikely the uk would do a complete pull-out , instead opting to do something akin to norway or switzerland . 
  leaving the european trade zone would be economic suicide . 
   doubtful , between the two governments it would be quite easy to allow free travel/open border i believe current polls show the irish as be rather pissed off with the eu experiment . 
  an individual eu state can not have open borders with a non-eu state unless the whole eu is also included , i believe . 
  at least that 's true for members that are part of schengen . 
  the uk is never going to agree to that . 
  it demonstrably does not want open borders with any european country apart from ireland . 
  ireland is also a lot more dependent on being part of the eu free trade zone than the uk is , so while there may be a vocal popular movement in ireland to leave the eu its politicians know fully well that ireland would be in deep shit if they left . 
  just having a free trade agreement with the uk would not suffice . 
  funny thing , [ last time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vincenzo_peruggia ) someone returned the mona lisa to italy the italians sent it back to france after a couple of months . 
  and the ancient greeks are not the same people as the modern greeks . 
  these sort of national penile measuring contests have very little to do with actual history and everything to do with politics and prestige . 
  if the uk left the eu its open border situation with ireland , still a eu member , would be severely compromised and problematic , especially if the uk leaves the common market and customs union . 
  it might prompt ireland to finally go ahead and join the schengen , with the consequence that the border in northern ireland will have to be re-militarised and closed . 
  but the central thesis falls apart when you look at the recent rise of the right in countries like sweden and finland where the turn-out has remained relatively stable for decades . 
   `` i did what millions of greeks would have done - when you get hit in the face you have to defend yourself , '' so throwing glasses of water at people who are saying things you do n't like is self-defence now ? 
  the eu as an organisation existed without the euro for quite a few years . 
  several member states also do n't use the currency but have their own . 
  the eu could technically exist and survive without the unified currency , but if the euro collapses the whole world economy is going to be deep in the shit and other international factors would come into play that may or may not be beyond european control . 
  it 's a rather strange situation . 
  you could easily come up with an ideologically charged way to blame the whole thing on the soviets , so even from a cynic 's point of view there 's no reason that the whole thing is so lightly touched upon . 
  not that i 'm saying we should revise history like that , mind you . 
  just that it 's something that could easily have been done the last 70 or so years , even something you might have expected considering the charged situation in ( west ) germany during the cold war . 
  ... could n't he just veto it ? 
   i am interested to know how you feel that knowledge of this event would have improved your eduction . 
  `` those who do not know history are doomed to repeat it . '', 
  i * did * in fact hear about it in school , but as the article points out it was only as a footnote and not discussed in any detail or with any nuance , being depicted almost as being justifiable because of ww2 . 
  well , most freestanding houses even here in sweden have flagpoles . 
  most people will only fly the flag on national holidays though , or to mark a death , birthday or wedding . 
  to be fair the gold economy was n't without its own flaws either , especially since gold has little actual value apart from the arbitrary one we put on it just because it looks pretty and used to be pretty rare . 
  just look at what happened to the spanish economy in the 18th century . 
   germans hate their own flag ? 
  why ? 
  does this also mean they hate their country , or their government ? 
  europe has a rather dark history as i 'm sure you know . 
  we 've learned the hard way that nationalism and this continent does not mix well . 
  outside of very formal occasions there 's a taboo on publicly displaying the local flag in many european countries because of the associations with nationalism and jingoism . 
  it is n't exactly helped by the far right 's appropriation of all things representative of their country as symbols for their own movement either . 
  it does * not * mean we hate our own countries or governments , only that overt symbols of national pride are for historical reasons a touchy subject . 
   this all has something to do with `` football '' or soccer ? 
  yes . 
  for some reason the above mentioned historical taboos do n't apply when it comes to sporting events and competitions and some people ... let 's just say they take their sports very seriously . 
   and you have non-profit ( or financially inept ) football teams who depend on contributions from people to support them ? 
  sure , but they generally are n't playing in the top leagues ( those teams tend to be solvent from merchandising ) . 
  of course this is the european championships we are talking here so we are talking national teams and not individual clubs here , which means subsidies and tax payer money . 
  the dragon 's way too detailed . 
  not like you can see all those tiny little lines all over it when the flag 's hanging on a pole . 
  that said though the contrasting colours work well together and the flag is definitely very distinctive and easy to identify at a distance . 
  overall it 's pretty good flag . 
  i like nordic crosses a lot though . 
  every flag should have one of those . 
  the proportions just work very well . 
  yes , maybe feasibility was a bad choice of words on my part there . 
  well then , i retract my previous implications . 
  that said though i still do n't think that scottish or welsh independence would be all that feasible ( the latter more than the former . ), 
  well , when i say nationalism i mean the idea that your country or people is better than everyone else , not the drive towards self-determination . 
  i have nothing against self-determination . 
  i 've done this test before . 
  eu-wide i always end up closest to the plaid cymru and snp in this test , funny enough . 
  it must be because of a shared view on economics and social issues because i do n't agree with scottish or welsh independence or any kind of nationalism . 
  i ca n't tell the difference , to be honest . 
  they sound the same . 
  like german , except more `` danish like '' , if you will . 
  azerbaijan has no freedom of speech , is the point . 
  well , for a given value of english . 
  i 'm afraid it really does n't . 
  well , regardless of the fine points of portuguese ( we do quite often call them latin languages in swedish as well , i should point out , however incorrect that may be ) the proper term using the english language is romance language . 
  romance * also * means being derived from latin , you know . 
  anyway , regardless of what it may be called in other languages it 's [ romance languages ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romance_languages ) in english . 
  and they are wrong in doing so . 
  nothing important . 
  romance languages , not latin languages . 
  it sucks ? 
  it 's terrible at its stated purpose of being a universal language , because it 's heavily eurocentric , being based mainly on romance languages with a couple of germanic-root words thrown in there for good measure . 
  as a constructed language it has many deficits , mainly that its grammar is not all that regular as it 's made up to be . 
  it also has a unique diacretic mark that does n't occur in any other language which makes it difficult to properly spell in a digital environment . 
  i 'd wish people would just get over esperanto . 
  it was created in the 19th century using 19th century undertstanding of linguistics . 
  it was doomed as a universal language from the start . 
  ( that said it should n't be terribly difficult for a native italian speaker to master it . ), 
  we are not the ones who still have holes in our coins because people used to tread them up on strings in the middle ages . 
  just saying . 
  yes , but that doesnt ' mean there are n't people who 's first , native mother language is still welsh , only that they all also speak english nowadays as well . 
  we do not have 10 \u00f6re coins . 
  my point was that the euro de facto has . 
  no , in sweden we have n't had 10 \u00f6re coins since the 80s , and we got rid of the 50 \u00f6re coins two years ago . 
  now there 's just 1 whole krona or gtfo . 
  depends . 
  do you mean * actual * england or the uk in general ? 
  because there is a statistically significant amount of people in the uk that does not speak english as their native mother tongue ( welsh and gaelic and such . ), 
  ca n't blame them for not including the uk and ireland in their graph though . 
  since english is an official language in both countries it 'd be rather pointless to include them since the figures are going to be something like 99 % anyway ( that does n't mean it 's their native mother tongue however , just that everyone in those countries will be able to communicate in the language . ), 
  the euro has coins worth fucking 1 eurocent . 
  that 's less than 10 swedish \u00f6re . 
  * that 's * quaint .
