  no , it 's plastic . 
  :p i needed something to prop up the picture against and that was the only thing readily available . 
  i took a couple of different ones but this one is the best : http://imgur.com/xijkc is it ok ? 
  my favourite is the dutch guy . 
  he 's like : `` fuck those guys , i 'm gon na toke up . '', 
  i 'll do it this morning then . 
  i could get you one with your picture in front of the sun rising above lake m\u00e4laren in sweden , but i can only print in black and white . 
  it should have said `` golden dawn representative turns violent on live tv . '', 
  or something along the lines of that . 
  who he hit is n't relevant , gender or politics , it 's just the fact that he hits someone at all , and by naming his party instead of putting a label on his beliefs you ca n't say that you 've editorialised anything . 
  the swiss head of state is a council of seven ( ? ), 
  representatives . 
  there is no swiss president . 
  hush you , lest they get whiff of our international conspiracy . 
  uhm ... unless i 'm mistaken the us execution system ( which i 'd assume would be the one norway would most look to for inspiration were they to introduce the death penalty ) quite explicitly prohibits the execution of insane people . 
  so even in that case there 'd be a question of his mental stability , to ensure that he could be considered mentally fit enough to be killed ( hello absurdity !, 
  well , there is n't much of anything `` useful '' that can be done 25 years after the fact . 
  reparations maybe ( though how you 'd put a monetary value on the past support of a dictatorial regime beyond me ) , but that 's hardly going to change the past either . 
  apologising is about the only thing that could be done at that point . 
  cudos to clinton for going through with it . 
  this article is highly undiplomatic . 
  everyone knows that israel `` does not '' have any nuclear weapons . 
  i think he actually has a point , even if his conclusion is off . 
  most europeans do n't want to dislike the usa , or at least not the idea of the usa . 
  a country built on fundamental ideas of freedom and liberty and democracy ? 
  we love that shit !, 
  which is why when we look at where the usa is heading ( or at least at where it looks like the usa is heading from our outside perspective ) and some of the less pretty details of the country in general we are fundamentally disappointed . 
  you guys are supposed to be better than that , after all . 
  we want to believe that the usa really is what it says , but at the same time we know that it really is n't and we ca n't just ignore the social injustices that we perceive to be prevalent in the us . 
  i guess that basically what i 'm getting at is that european anti-americanism stems from disappointment and disillusion because at the heart of things we * want * to like the usa . 
  it 's not about culture wars or resentment . 
  i second this , but since they are n't as impressive as other birds we should have two of them together instead of one , symbolic or european unity or something . 
  that way the symbol for europe could be a pair of big blue tits . 
   stockholm  norsjo cable-way - by cable car well , in as far as 600 kilometres give or take qualifies as being close to stockholm ... , 
  ode to joy . 
  then maybe they should have the contest somewhere where you do n't have to always be prepared for violence on the streets , regardless of the colour of your skin ? 
   `` ultra-orthodox women are also forbidden from touching members of the opposite sex . 
  it 's the custom . '', 
  how do they breed ? 
  english is a mandatory school subject in most eu countries from an early age . 
  but more importantly i think is that a lot of the media we get is in english , even more so now that we have the internet . 
  in scandinavia we never dub anything and just use subtitles , and since our own domestic media industry is not nearly large enough to provide for our population this means that every time you turn on the tv or go to watch a film you 'll be exposed to english , in the form of american or british works , with helpful translation notations in your own language to boot . 
  add to that the availability of english media online and the fact that video games generally come in english . 
  you 'd be hard pressed not to learn some english with that kind of exposure !, 
  obviously other countries prefer to dub films and tv and i ca n't speak for how it works there . 
   the british people long ago decided that people put in prison had the privilege removed . 
  so ... tyranny of the majority then ? 
   yeah because why the fuck should n't they be entitled to take the property from people who have something they want or kick the shit out of someone when you disagree with their point of view . 
  its a disgrace that the government create laws against it . 
  i do n't think that , you obviously do n't , and it 's a fair assumption that most people do n't either , but some may do and in a democracy they should have the right to have their opinion heard despite not agreeing with the majority . 
  it 's the principle of the thing , even if i personally would agree that the idea of legalising theft or assault is ridiculous . 
   what utter liberal bullshit . 
  i can guarantee you that the last thing criminals are thinking about when they commit a theft , burglary , assault , rape , murder etc is politics . 
  the problem with this attitude is that not all laws are created equally . 
  sure , today britain is a democratic and open country , but what if the next government makes it a crime to say something negative about them in public , or something equally silly like that ? 
  then suddenly you 'll have a bunch of political prisoners who 's right to vote ( granted , such a government would probably not keep that right around anyway , but we are talking theory here ) has been taken away not because they are a danger to society but because they do n't agree with the current status quo . 
  hell , even today in britain you arguably have political criminals ( libel laws , anyone ? ), 
  who really should n't be silenced because of their actions . 
  furthermore in principle the idea that as soon as you are sentenced for a crime you are no longer fully part of society is ridiculous . 
  prisoners and criminals are just as much a part of any society as anyone else . 
  not the best-adjusted part obviously but they are still citizen and they are still people and they should have all the rights that anyone else have when it comes to democracy , because that 's what our chosen system of government is all about ( in theory , at least ) : letting all the voices be heard . 
  and besides , they still have to live under the current regime . 
  they are not freed from the political system of the country just because they are in prison , and the government still has a responsibility to look after their well-being , only if they ca n't vote then the prisoners do n't have any say in how the government is supposed to be doing that ( thus the government can get away with neglecting to take proper care of prisons and the prison system since it is completely populated by silent voices . ), 
  they way i see it suffrage should be universal and that would include prisoners and criminals , despite their shortcomings . 
  noting else makes any sense from a democratic point of view , at least not to me . 
  i do n't know why governments are so afraid of prisoners voting . 
  there are n't that many of them , certainly not enough to significantly influence an election . 
  furthermore from a democratic point of view ( not always a priority for governments , yes ) the ban is absurd . 
  prisoners are the ones who most need to be heard , since they are the people most blatantly at odds with the current political status quo . 
  non-topic in sweden . 
  the only sitting party in our parliament that could possibly be against it would be the christian democrats and i ca n't recall even them ever bringing it up . 
  it 's legal and mostly ignored as an issue by media . 
  i find it rather odd that the blockade mentioned in the article was apparently started by franco , a brutal right-wing dictator that you 'd expect that sort of thing of , but somehow not lifted until 11 years after his death ( and the democratisation of spain . ), 
  damn !, 
  you have to work hard to get a moustache that looks that evil . 
  this guy clearly knows what he 's doing . 
   the collapse of the traditional powers and the reaming you gave eastern europe contributed greatly to the rise of communism . 
  not true . 
  the soviet union had existed since 1918 , and had well consolidated its power in eastern europe by the 1930s . 
  meanwhile the rise of communism in china had nothing to do with germany or europe and everything to do with the power vacuum left behind in china after japan and the kuomingtan were done fighting each other and the various local warlords . 
  it is true though that ww2 gave the soviets an opportunity to expand their puppet state shield that would perhaps otherwise have been problematic to achieve , but then had the nazis not come to power in germany the likeliest next candidate for seizing power in the failing weimar republic was the communists , who were actually significantly more powerful and popular as a political faction than the nazis all the way up to the point when hitler was declared chancellor despite election results not being in his party 's favour . 
  it 's still wrong though . 
  no ones saying that all manga should be banned . 
  dude , calm down . 
  what they are deciding is whether painted images of people appearing to be children in a sexual situation should be considered child pornography , and thus be banned . 
  this would hardly mean * all * manga . 
  there is plenty of manga that does not contain anything sexual or any characters that could possibly be mistaken for children , never mind those two factors together at once . 
  those works would be completely unaffected . 
  i do n't know what you think about japanese culture but i assure you that this would mean that the vast , vast majority of manga would in fact not be affected at all by the decision no matter which way the supreme court decides to go . 
  no one has ever said that all japanese comics should be banned . 
  that 's a bit too absurd even for our politicians . 
  you are kidding right ? 
  this is not about banning manga in any way . 
  your headline makes it sound like the swedish government is about to illegalise japanese comics , when that 's really not the case at all . 
  what is happening is that the supreme court is deciding whether painted pictures of children in sexual situations is legally considered child pornography or not , and if so then also what constitutes a painted picture of a child in a sexual situation . 
  i really hope they decide that it is in fact not child pornography . 
  any other outcome is just silly . 
  it was a bit more complex than that actually . 
  first there was a long public debate , then we held a national referendum on the issue , where the majority of the people voted in favour of keeping the left-hand traffic . 
  then the parliament decided to ignore the referendum and quickly pass the motion anyway , thus basically changing it over night .
