if the eu actually banned all the things media says they are about to ban everything would be . 
  this is just the regular sort of eu hysteria and media overreaction that 's in reality much more nuanced and complex . 
  in my mind just as this man has a right to say what he wants the icelandic people also have a right to do what they want within the confines of the law . 
  it 's no more wrong to argue for an anti-homosexual agenda if that 's what you believe than it is to reserve a free ticket to an event you have no actual plans of attending . 
  the end result is that this to me at least becomes an ideal way of doing a protest like this : lawfully and legally and most importantly without any violence whatsoever . 
  perhaps in the future this preacher learns his lessons and starts charging for his appearances . 
  edit : that said , anyone arguing the point that homosexual marriage is bad and should be abolished and banned need to tread very carefully because the line between arguing for that agenda and outright committing the crime of hate speech ( which is a crime in iceland , i 'm pretty sure ) is quite thin . 
  what does this have to do with liberalism ? 
  this is a national security issue , or at least your government seems to believe it is . 
  there is no country in the world where liberalism goes before that , no matter if you think that should be the case or not . 
  therefore , i think it shows incompetence on the part of your national security that we the public even know of this . 
  surely it 'd be in their goals , official or not , to make sure that did not happen . 
  yet here we are ... 
  honestly the only thing that surprises me about this whole story is that we are talking about it . 
  surely a competent intelligence agency would 've served the guardian and its employees with a gag order to not discuss the fact that they were ever there or that miranda was ever detained the minute they stepped through the door ? 
  i mean , from a security point of view , ignoring factors of liberty and democracy , the only thing allowing them to talk about this is doing is making sure that the supposed terrorists that are after this data now know to look for it in brazil and new york instead of london . 
  presuming that the data really is of such importance allowing the press to talk about it seems really reckless and insecure to me . 
  not to be obtuse or anything , but britain does have state-run press ( as well as private press ) . 
  the bbc is a thing . 
  you should stop caring about down votes . 
  it will greatly improve your life quality . 
  * earthquake-proof fistbump *, 
  i thought this was a discussion about the atrocities of ukraine that occured during the * soviet * rule ? 
  who said anything about modern russia ? 
  you are doing such a good job of enlightening me then , with all the well-sourced , detailed and insightful analysis you 've been providing in this thread to support your view . 
  if your definition of a melting pot is the holodomor you may want to reconsider your strategy a bit . 
   that would be a misrepresentation of what we and others do . 
  but it 's the topic of this discussion thread , as that is what people were suggesting san marino should do . 
  regardless , sending prisoners with foreign citizenship to their official home countries is not the same as just sending all your prisoners regardless of where they come from to another country just to save money . 
  you ca n't outsource your entire prison system to a foreign country . 
  that 's absurd , even if your country is san marino and you only have 2 prisoners total . 
  because the eu law they are referring too is all about the foreign citizen having the right * in case they want it * . 
  it 's not a carte-blanche to ship all your prisoners overseas . 
   i understand perfectly well , i 'm saying your gov ' t probably does the same . 
  why do n't you look at swedish websites instead then ? 
  i did and i 've already told you i ca n't find any references to us doing this . 
  to the best of my knowledge this does not occur in sweden !, 
  stop telling me this is wrong if you ca n't back it up with a source yourself . 
   i hardly think norway 's unique in doing this probably you are n't . 
  it 's still suspect . 
   also , did you read where i said we cooperate on those flights to iraq and other places ? 
  sure , but those are for people who are being exiled from our countries . 
  they are not for transferring pr\u00edsoners to a foreign justice system . 
  asylum seekers are not prisoners !, 
  i 'm talking about sweden for fuck 's sake . 
  i do n't know anything about the situation in norway , because i 'm not norwegian . 
  does no one read usernames ? 
  well , they could still have different ideas and policies in place when it comes to prisons and standards on how prisoners can be treated . 
  maybe there 's a clause in the italian rules that would be abhorrent to the sammarinese law and way of life ? 
   norway returns prisoners to their [ european ] countries of origin to serve their sentences there . 
  i 'm pretty sure sweden does too ? 
  not to the best of my knowledge . 
  you can get both prison time and then exile for the same crime in case you are a foreigner , in which case we 'll keep you in our prison for the allotted time and then we 'll transport you to an airport and put you on a plane to your home country ( or at least a country that 's close to your home country , since our immigration authorities apparently do n't know enough geography to understand that iran and iraq are not the same place . ), 
  if what you said were true we would n't bother with any of that , i 'd think . 
  sure , but it 'd be legally speaking pretty suspect to ship your prisoners out of your country to serve time in a jurisdiction in which they are innocent of any crimes and have not been charged with any , especially given that these are two different countries and thus could conceivably have different legal requirements for prisons and different legal policies in regards to the treatment of prisoners . 
  hashish is better anyway . 
  kranian sausage is either from it or from austria . 
  no one 's entirely sure , it seems . 
  the language is slavic . 
  the country used to be part of jugoslavia . 
  it is a small country with only the tiniest of coastlines . 
  that 's about what i know off hand . 
  i do n't think the east is quite as backwards as you think it is . 
  it 's not like the food stores in poland do n't package their goods in plastic ... edit : though , i have to admit i do n't know how bulgaria manages to have 0 recycling . 
  that should n't even be possible in this day and age . 
  i was n't talking about boycotting the olympics . 
  when did i bring that up ? 
  we can both send lgbt athletes and have our governments criticise russia via the usual diplomatic channels ( which is what i thought you meant by preaching ? ) . 
  those two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't do both . 
   ( although this begs the question , of course , of whether criticism is meant to be effective , or whether it 's done because we think it 's right . ), 
  that 's what i 'm reacting to mostly . 
  you should n't criticise only when it 's easy to do so . 
  you should criticise because you think something 's wrong . 
  otherwise , what 's the point of critique in the first place ? 
  my grandparents have a much better broadband connection than i do at home . 
   but only combining muslim names so you can write an `` omg muslims are taking over '' headline is pretty transparent . 
  if you think about it for two seconds you realise that this does n't even make sense even if it was true that mohammed was the most popular name for newborn boys . 
  all it proves is that the immigrant community has no imagination for coming up with names for their kids . 
   given putin 's political vulnerability , a showdown with the west over gay rights or edward snowden -- inevitable in light of washington 's cancellation of a u.s.-russian presidential summit -- is exactly what the kremlin wants . 
  the west should narrow its criticism of russia to issues where its views line up with those of the russian people . 
  that 's a very strange argument . 
  you should n't criticise someone for something unless you already know they are going to agree with the criticism ? 
  that seems backwards to me . 
  well , in his favour it does not actually share a continental shelf with the rest of the continent , so there 's that ... on the other hand there 's cultural and historical considerations and by any definition of `` europe '' i 've ever heard iceland is part of it . 
  well , the idea is that it will keep the people who are only into politics for their wallet away and make sure that the ones who do serve are doing out of a sense of ideological belief . 
  we can be sure that they are n't there for the money , at least . 
  plus , since politicians also decide what the minimum wage is it will incentivise them to keep it at a reasonable level and not just keep reducing it for the sake of industry interests . 
  but it 's not a suggestion i 've analysed in depth , no . 
  i 'm sure there are reasons why it 'd be a terrible idea . 
  sure , there 'd be a lot of unwanted side-effects . 
  but the government is not entirely powerless to do anything , is the point . 
   you ca n't just go into any business and proclaim `` your staff 's pay is too high , stop it '' . 
  what you can do however is put high levels of income tax above a certain bracket , so that at least when bankers are paid ridiculous amounts most of it goes to the state . 
  i always thought politicians should be paid minimum wage . 
  swedish alcohol tax is much higher than the uk though . 
  if it is , i 'd say germany is relatively speaking doing pretty well . 
  heh , well , to be fair , apart from a few very niche anarchists pretty much everyone wants there to be oppression to some degree , right ? 
  even if it 's only so far as to have laws regarding where you can and can not park your car and stuff like that . 
  but anyway , thank you .
