  it was the last time any swedish government ignored a referendum on any issue . 
  they still technically have the right to , though , since all referendums in sweden are considered to be `` advisory '' rather than binding , but these days the media shitstorm that would surely follow makes it a practical impossibility . 
  blast !, 
  ok guys , they are onto us . 
  might as well say * adios * to the donkey . 
  time for plan dos . 
   gigantic sombrero-wearing straw donkey . 
  sombreros are n't spanish ( at least not the kind of sombreros the word refers to in english . ), 
   the sentence should be just and fair , proportional to the crime he did commit , but that does not mean that the judge should shake hands with him , or he should be let to boast about his theories . 
  or that he should do a raised hand salute . 
  there are subtle differences in treating someone in a humane way , but still restraining him . 
  breivik has the same rights to be heard as anyone else . 
  if he choses to use that opportunity to spout a bunch of insane crap then that 's his choice . 
  i 'll agree that shaking hands with the judge is a bit much , though . 
  judges should not shake hands with anyone involved in a criminal case ( or they should shake hands with everyone ; the important thing is that they are impartial . ), 
   as it stands now , breivik is quite happy with his situation and with the possible outcome of the trial . 
  he does not regret killing those people , seems like he achieved his goal . 
  a happy mass murderer . 
  way to go norway . 
  what 's the point of punishing him then , and what will hold back the next breivik from doing the same ? 
  the point is n't to punish him . 
  the point is to rehabilitate him so that he does not do it again , so that he becomes a regular , well-adjusted citizen . 
  obviously for people like breivik that 's impossible , but then that 's because they are insane and they need to be locked up and cared for by professionals . 
  being cruel to him does n't solve anything , and if you think you can scare other extremists off by making an example of one individual then you are the one who 's deluded . 
   i 'm waiting for the sentence , but i 'm also expecting that the victims relatives will be demonstrating . 
  you can `` play nice '' with breivik for the sake of civilizedness and principles , but what he did has already destroyed that aura . 
  some countries do have organized far right movements , but still would not find anyone willing to do what breivik did . 
  so in the end , you are just deluding yourself with that attitude . 
  well , that 's your way of looking at it , and i think you are wrong . 
  first about there being any sort of demonstrations , unless the court decides on a ridiculously mild sentence ( which they are n't : he 's going to get life in prison , or life in a criminal psychiatric institution . ), 
  i get the vibe that you are looking for a death sentence here , yes ? 
  well , norway , like most of the rest of civilised world , does n't execute people . 
  it 's illegal , and quite likely against the norwegian constitution ( not sure about this , though ) to deliver a death sentence . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  secondly about my `` attitude '' . 
  i 'm not deluding myself here , because i do realise that the humane system used by the nordic countries in all things criminal and justice related is not perfect or without its faults ( but i 'll add that they do seem to be working a lot better than what many other countries are doing if you look to violent crimes levels overall . ), 
  but there are principles involved that are more important than petty vengence or practicality . 
  those principles are built on ideals of humane and yes sometimes even kind treatment of the criminally convicted or indeed everyone on the idea that they too are people and that they despite their faults still are a part of and have something to offer society , and that ultimately they are no less important than anyone else . 
  you may criticise these principles if you 'd like , but breaking them would be tantamount to going against everything that the society in question is built upon , and that 's simply not worth doing for someone as pitiful as breivik ( plus it 's exactly those principles that he so despised in the first place that it drove him to his actions . 
  giving in and abandoning those principles is exactly what he wants norway to do . ), 
  plus , like i said : theoretically speaking breivik is still innocent and should be treated as such . 
  that sounds an awful lot like something breivik would say . 
  what 's the point of having a justice system if it is n't fair and just ? 
  remember , breivik has n't been convicted yet . 
  technically speaking he 's still considered to be innocent , as his guilt has yet to be proven and determined in court . 
  they * have * to treat him humanely as there 's still a possibility , however slim , that he might be judged not guilty . 
  as for having more consideration for the accused than the victims : good . 
  a justice system should not be built on revenge and mob mentality , but rather on societal utility and principle , one of which should always be that the rights of the accused must be respected . 
  to quote one of his victims : `` he lost , and we won . '', 
  `` we '' ca n't win if he is not awarded the same rights as anyone else , or he 'll have succeeded in changing society for the more brutal . 
  but do n't you worry . 
  breivik will be sentenced soon enough . 
  but then you might not appreciate the humane methods of the norwegian prison system ... 
  it 's a bit more complex than that . 
  cyprus is home to two major ethnic groups , and they do n't get along very well . 
  both groups have a history of attempting to ethnically cleanse each other from the island ( and several other areas where the two groups coexist or used to coexist ) . 
  even today a unification is pretty much a practical impossibility because of it . 
  that 's not to say the cypriots could not work towards having that final goal at some point , but if it were to unconditionally happen today there 'd be a humanitarian crisis and tragedy as a consequence . 
  there might be an exception out there somewhere but no , just us nordics ( worldwide even , i believe ) . 
  it 's only really the nordic countries that do the whole `` no fees higher education ( as long as you are from the eu/ees ) '' thing . 
  elsewhere in the eu you 'll still have to pay tuition ( though it tends to be partly subsidised at least ) . 
  i 'll take that bet , but alas being swedish i have no euros . 
  will 10 krona suffice ? 
  so in the interest of remembering the tragic oppression of his own people he seeks to oppress another people by forbidding the very mention of their existence ? 
  i mean , it would be one thing if it was verified that the specific people that were being remembered here were all nazis themselves , but not all germans were nazis back then , like i said . 
  if these german soldiers were forced to fight and die against their own will for a cause they did n't believe in then saying their suffering should be ignored because of their nationality is downright racist ( or well , maybe not racist exactly , but you get my point . ), 
  are they * nazi * german soldiers , like graves for people who were actually serving in the ss , or are they just generic german ( wehrmacht ) soldier graves ? 
  i could see the argument against the first but the latter ... not so much . 
  you do n't * know * they are nazis . 
  lots of germans were drafted into the army in ww2 , not all of them agreed with hitler . 
  their deaths need to be remembered as much as those of the holocaust ( though maybe not for the same reasons ) . 
  true enough . 
  the 40 % that did n't vote clearly do n't care either way . 
   led 6.97 % of them to that conclusion that fascists were the right path for our future . 
  ftfy, 
   so has the right . 
  yes . 
  exactly . 
  authoritarianism is coincidental to right and left . 
    and so did hitler and mussolini , very much on the right on many social issues , and on economy topics , too . 
  the labelling of fascism and nazism as right-wing ideologies is one of the main exceptions to the whole economic thing . 
  originally though they presented themselves as the `` third way '' , another alternative beyond the right and the left of the day . 
  i suppose we started calling them right simply because they were so staunchly against communism and socialism but willing to work with conservatives ( but they also hated liberalism , so there 's that ) . 
   having said that , i think we agree on the main picture ... let 's not stress about the details . 
   well , i 'm certainly not interested in having another pointless discussion about the merits of various ideologies , right or left , so yes , let 's do that . 
  yeah , and they each have their own native cultures and ways and peoples that are different from each other . 
  that 's exactly the point i was trying to make : there 's no actual single british culture . 
  there are several different british culture * s * plural , but the british islands were never monocultural . 
  the people talking about how you need to drop the multicultural society and go back to what 's properly `` british '' are no different from the 19th century englishman talking about how the irish had to give up their uncivilised ways in favour of his own because theirs ' was unacceptable to him ( well , at least not in attitude . ), 
  the way i see it the left-right scale is way too simplistic to accurately label anything . 
  a more complex system with more than one axis would be necessary for that . 
  but that said i do think that the left-right scale still has a lot more to do with economy than it has to do with social attitudes . 
  like you say that stalin was as authoritarian as hitler and blatantly anti-democratic , but that has nothing to do with his views on market control . 
  we label communists left all the time , yet that ideology has produced some of the worst authoritarians of all time . 
  the reason we still call the commies leftist is because they want a centralised control economy . 
  the whole association of the left with social liberalism is coincidental to the economic aspects that is the core of any such ideology . 
  as an example coming from the opposite end of the spectra you 'd never call libertrarianism a left-wing ideology , because of its ultimate goal of a complete laissez-faire economy , but it 's very much against authoritarianism and for social liberalism ( much more so than most left-wing schools that share that trait , i might add ) , traits that you seemed to imply are decidedly left-wing in nature . 
  i would rather posit that such issues are irrelevant to the right-left scale which mostly relates to the economic opinions of an ideology or a group of people ( though obviously there 's more to it than that , as we think of the nazis as far-right yet economically speaking they were pretty restrictive and controlling . ), 
  are we swedes really all that `` lagom '' these days ? 
  i think we might need a new word .
