   brittania rule the gays ftfy , 
  and oscar wilde another 10 % before that . 
  `` pretty close '' ? 
  in sweden before there was homosexual marriage our civil unions were * identical * in all but name to an actual marriage . 
  how can that not be the case ? 
  i mean , it 's just a legal contract to share common assets and be each others ' primary contact in case of emergencies . 
  how can those things be different ? 
  gays only have to share half of their common assets ? 
  not necessarily . 
  the kind of anti-fascist movement implied by this article tends to be home to a significant number of people who identify as anarchists or socialists as well as communists . 
  not that i think any person is actually a cretin , but if you are of the mind to be inclined to think along those lines you should at least get your facts straight first . 
   one is that the hard left , communists etc. 
  loved throwing around this term and really expected it to be insulting . 
  largely because the people they attacked with it were also on the left just more moderate , so they hated it . 
  so if you accept this term you troll a lot of lefties with it . 
  to them it sounds like `` i 'm evil . '', 
  i do n't approve of this approach to politics . 
  it seems pointless . 
  trolling people has never changed anyone 's mind . 
   second that it was generally associated with aristocrats like de bonald , de maistre , chateaubriand , or metternich . 
  what would be doper than posing around in gold and brocade and have `` prince '' before your name ? 
  yes , well , you wo n't be getting a bunch of gold and brocade to clothe yourself in just because you chose a label to apply to yourself . 
  likewise the entry to nobility is a bit higher than that . 
  unless you already have a lot of gold and a nobility title just applying a term to yourself is hardly going to help you achieve those goals . 
  ( plus , the real money is in populism . 
  everyone knows that . ), 
   third , there are all these bit naive , bit innocent , good natured progressives today who can sort of imagine the existence of conservatives who are so dull that they thing things are just ok the way they are , but they can honestly hardly imagine why would anyone turn anything back . 
  so they get trolled hard - i mean it partially as trolling and partially as serious because i do think the past was not overally bad and some babies were thrown out with the bathwater . 
  see above re : trolling as a political move . 
  `` they '' could just as well be those silly xenophobes and neo-nazis , and `` we '' the illuminated multi-cultural progressive people . 
  the rhetorical base on which propaganda rests can be equally applied to any ideology or school of thought . 
  reactionary is a strange term in modern politics . 
  it refers to reacting to a current trend ( that is , the liberal revolutions of the mid-19th century ) by `` rolling back '' the laws and policies to their previous state before said trend started ( compared to the then-conservatives who wanted to keep the status quo and the liberals who wanted even more reforms ) . 
  how does that even apply to the current political climate ? 
  it comes from the eu , it must be bad , right ? 
  yeah , we 're a bit like that . 
  it 's not part of our culture to eat out much . 
  it 's inherently suspicious to us . 
  and while we 'll gladly break rules we are mortally afraid of doing it in public . 
  even when other people do it it makes us uneasy because if the rule-enforcers come along we do n't want to be brought into any conflict that does n't otherwise involve us . 
  of course this is a bit exaggerated for effect and not everyone in sweden is the same but overall this is what our culture is like in regards to these topics , from an inside perspective . 
  bosnia-herzegovina is already majoirty muslim though , regardless of immigration and ( modern ) foreign influence . 
  that may not be the case for the other two federal subjects of the country ( republika srpska and bracko ) though , but islam is still the largest religious group in the country . 
  in fairness this is just one random guy and his organisation . 
  hardly a spokesperson for the entire turkish community . 
  norway 's basically a non-voting member . 
  this is stupid . 
  that 's not what european banks are like !, 
  there should be a queue . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's bad that our food is mislabeled . 
  because it is . 
  it is in fact really terrible . 
  what i 'm objecting to is media 's treatment of the whole thing . 
  rather than trying to attempt to analyse and investigate what has happened and what are the underlying causes and who 's ultimately responsible ( in as far as someone is ) it 's just overblown sensationalism . 
  nothing constructive at all . 
  ( not that the food things is unique in this regard or anything , mind you . 
  just an observation ) . 
  edit : to be fair though , this particular article is actually not too bad . 
  reaching out to the [ volksdeutsche ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksdeutsche ) i see . 
  next week 's headline story : `` mislabeled russet potatoes sold as king edward potatoes !, 
  all the reasons you should panic and kill your neighbours , on page 4 ! '', 
  am i the only one who thinks our media are starting to pump this whole food scandal thing a bit too much at this point ? 
  quite the stereotypical choice of colours there ... ( though actually , about a century ago , pink used to be the colour for boys and light blue the colour for girls . 
  at some point it shifted . ), 
  something about how the far right wants to send all the immigrants away . 
  to be fair , we do n't exactly hide the fact that this country is located absurdly far to the north . 
  it 's well advertised , and that is one factor you definitely * can * blame immigrants for not finding out first before coming here ( not that i think when you are refugee from a war-torn country that the climate of whatever safe haven you can find is something that 's high on your list of priorities , but still ) . 
  not if you get paid by the hour or on an accord . 
  not everyone has safe , stable full-time employment . 
  as long as we do n't blame the immigrants . 
  i think those guys need a day off . 
  yeah , i 'm afraid you are right . 
  pr cups like this presume that the national media are willing to play ball and i really do n't think they are , considering that sensationalist paedophilia-related stories are a big source of income to them . 
  i agree . 
  but i also agree with her that the law should be reformed . 
  regardless though titles should probably aim for to be as neutral and unbiased as possible , not provide commentary ( puns are fine ) . 
  you do realise that 's how the justice system works , right ? 
  everyone are innocent until proven guilty and only courts have the right to make lawful judgements . 
  every crime that is reported to the police is reported because someone * thinks * a crime has been committed . 
  every arrest that the police makes is because they * think * someone is guilty . 
  it is impossible to legally know before a trial takes place . 
  / r/mylittlepony , obviously . 
   there are plenty of occupations that need people to work on that day ( eg . 
  hospitals , all kinds of technical stand-by personnel , horeca , etc. ) . 
  sure , but there are also plenty of occupations that wo n't . 
  plus , from the employer 's point of view , they have to pay overtime to have people work on that day . 
   why build roads , let everyone negotiate their way with individidual land owners . . you have to provide a public time and public space for society to work . 
  why build roads , let everyone negotiate their way with individidual land owners . . you have to provide a public time and public space for society to work . 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  it has nothing to do with this subject , but i agree . 
   christmas , or midwinter , or yule , has been celebrated in europe since prehistorical times . 
  religion is at best a secondary motivation for the celebration . 
  other prehistoric european traditions include genocide and systematic rape as warfare . 
  times change , and like i said people would still celebrate christmas and whatever . 
  these are not traditions that need legal protection to survive , and regardless it 's not compatible with modern democracy to force behaviour upon anyone . 
  i just find it odd that people who for various reasons do n't celebrate for example christmas are still forced to take the day off . 
  that does n't seem fair to me . 
  if i do n't give a shit about the national day why ca n't i go to work and make some money ? 
  i do n't think that changing it so that people can get their time off when they want instead is going to make it so that most people still wo n't take christmas off .
