  if anything this would only make that number even more disproportionate towards finns and norwegian , since there 's little reason for them to get citizenship since they already have all the same rights as naturalised citizen on account of the eu/eec/schengen agreement . 
  but now i am really just speculating . 
  but your far-right hates the russians too , does n't it ? 
  ( our most certainly does n't like them very much ... ), 
  yeah , but like i said the vast majority of those foreign citizen are from finland and norway ( and a few danes as well ) . 
  together the group `` from other nordic countries '' make up more than half of our total immigration numbers , with finland being the main source . 
  so not accounting for those guys ( since clearly our xenophobes have no problem with them : they only complain about the brown people ) our immigration levels seem to be pretty low for the eu . 
  of course , most eu countries ' immigration is probably also from their neighbouring countries so maybe this is actually the case all over ? 
  i had the same thought as a swedish person . 
  media talks about how we take in much too many immigrants , yet the swedish number is apparently literally the same as the average one for the entire union . 
  add to that that most of those foreign citizen are from finland and norway ... 
   i think you 're too focused on the butterfly effect . 
  when talking about counterfactual history it 's usually best to just assume that things would end up roughly the same if history happened again , unless you can find specific reasons otherwise . 
  which is obviously not true , but reality is that we have absolutely no idea how history would have turned out . 
  for the sake of writing a story and making a narrative , sure . 
  you ca n't deviate too much and expect to reach a wide audience . 
  people need familiar things to relate , that 's just the way it is . 
   when i think about counterfactual history i try to imagine how things could have been different , not just assume that they would be . 
  like for example if sweden-norway took part in world war 1 , a war i think was even more certain to happen than ww2 . 
  perhaps the added norwegian part made sweden enough of a power-factor that it got involved in the war , on german side . 
  yeah , i usually create a scenario and * then * look back at history and try to find alt-historical ways that scenario could 've happened . 
  i think that 's the only practical way to do it , since the whole genre is pure speculation anyway ( though based on history and fact . ), 
  so yeah , we can say `` how would ww1 have turned out if there was a united norway-sweden fighting in it ? '', 
  but we ca n't say for sure `` a united norway-sweden would 've fought in ww1 . '', 
  i agree that ww1 was pretty certain , but the actual war the way it broke out in our timeline could n't possibly have happened if you change things around too much . 
  but eventually something would have happened that caused the great powers of the day to fight , that 's for sure . 
  norway-sweden would probably have had a very real and definite effect . 
  fighting with the central powers it would 've provided an additional front for the already stretched russians to fight on , fighting with the entente it would 've prevented germany from projecting naval power into the baltic . 
  either way it would 've had an impact . 
   history is fucking great . 
  so much agree . 
  well , even ww1 is going to be changed from the point of divergence quite significantly . 
  that it broke out when it did was pretty much purely chance anyway . 
  9 years time is a long time and the butterfly effect will stretch to bosnia and serbia as well , so what principe and the black hand would be doing would definitely change , not to talk about the diplomatic and political considerations of the german and austrian rulers . 
  we do n't even know if a united sweden-norway would be close to germany like sweden was historically in that era . 
  yeah , possible british intervention does throw some shoes into the cogs so to speak . 
  it 's hard to say what would happen . 
  the point of divergence for an independent norway is too far removed from ww2 that the butterfly effect would mean that ww2 as we know it would never happen anyway . 
  i think it 's actually both . 
  :p in all fairness though it usually only stops for a day if that , then they figure it out and the whole thing runs pretty well for the most part . 
  it 's still pretty weird it happens every year . 
  i do n't think this is necessarily true . 
  germany did n't invade sweden for a reason , and it was not all simply a matter of politics and diplomacy . 
  the germans knew that sweden would not be easy to take , because of geography but also the fact that sweden had a relatively large and well-funded military for a small neutral country , and decided it was n't worth the effort . 
  they had plans in place in how to do it if they wanted to though . 
  it might instead just have meant that sweden would 've exported oil as well as iron and steel to the nazis . 
  that depends a lot on scale . 
  one of the reasons our municipalities have such difficulties getting things like schools and old people 's homes and even to some extent housing built is because every time they try someone is going to complain and start a whole legal process of appeals going back and forth for sometimes years . 
  it 's good from a democratic point of view , but perhaps not the most practical system to have in place . 
  the price of everything . 
  i 'm still amazed how the stockholm metro keeps shutting down every fucking year as soon as the snow hits . 
  how is it even possible that german trains ca n't handle a little bit of snow ? 
  all right , so something like `` madjar '' then ? 
  are you sure they are not importing the bell peppers that are the raw materials and exporting the powder ? 
  because let me tell you , every brand of paprika powder around here is from hungary ( unless it 's smoked , then it 's from spain . ), 
  they export a lot of paprika powder and their language is finno-ugric in a sea of indo-european ones . 
  their ancestors were nomads from the steppes who settled in the carpathian basin and converted to christianity . 
  they call themselves magyar , which i think is pronounced something like `` mah-shaar '' but i 'm unsure . 
  hungary became ruled by the austrian/german habsburg royal family after it was invaded and conquered by ottomans for a bit . 
  austrian rule was not kind . 
  hungary became independent in a modern context after ww1 when the habsburg empire collapsed , despite moves to make hungary and austria equals in a political union ( hence austria-hungary ) . 
  hungary fell to fascism and were allied with the nazis in ww2 after germany promised them territorial expansion ( and delivered , with small gains in transylvania ) . 
  the soviets installed a puppet communist regime which remained for the cold war and was overthrown in the early 90s . 
  it then became a member of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure people use leaf blowers around here as well . 
  they are simply a more convenient form of raking . 
  it 's like having an electric or fuel-driven lawnmover rather than one of those models with blades that are entirely manual and human-powered . 
  if you can afford it why would n't you ? 
  edit : should point out , when people use blowers aorund here they use them to put the leaves in a big pile in a corner of their yard so they can scope it all up and throw it away . 
  they do n't use them to just blow all the leaves into the neighbour 's yard ( or at least i 've never seen that . ), 
  i wonder how that would work with international treaties . 
  i know some countries like germany for example have a limited military by treaty . 
  i wonder if those would still apply . 
  i think he 's referring to how the french administratively speaking integrated algeria into actual france rather than make it a proper colony . 
  the distinction here is mostly an official one . 
  knowing our justice system we probably stole the idea from you guys . 
  so , judging by this map , the pope only tweets about once per day . 
  the swedish police uses twitter extensively , both to report on crimes and police activity but also as individual policemen to comment on happenings . 
  [ like this ] ( https://twitter.com/ocsoderort/status/357865986407411712 ) tweet from the police chief of southern stockholm , urging fotball fans not to take their car if they are going to a coming match because traffic will be jammed . 
  there are clever ways to get around that , especially for people like murdoch . 
  but yeah , it probably does n't hurt . 
  the european parliament buildings are called the louse weiss building and the leopoldium respectively in strassbourg and brussels . 
  the european council ( `` the government '' , if you will ) is apparently located in a building called the justus lipsius , in brussels . 
  i 've never heard these used to describe the eu in general . 
  the funny thing is that brussels actually has a much higher amount of lobby organisations per politician than washington . 
  of course , murdoch does n't control those lobbies ... 
  or even their government buildings . 
  observe a random cold war film . 
  `` kremlin wants this . '', 
  `` kremlin demands . '', 
  edit : or in a uk contest you can sometimes see the government referred to as `` downing street . '', 
  yeah , but there 's a difference between being homophobic and not believing in equality rights and outright being an active terrorist , which is what media seems to think all muslims are . 
  do n't get me wrong here : i do agree that muslims in europe are more likely to be conservative than other groups and that there 's a long way to go towards integration in most places . 
  but being conservative and being violent about it are not the same things . 
  edit : thought this was another post i was replying to . 
  new answer below : i 'm not denying reality here . 
  i 'm telling you about how it was when i grew up and how it is at my place of work . 
  this does not prove that immigration is not problematic in any way , but it certainly * does * prove that just because there are no immigrants around that does not make everything great and perfect . 
  the fact is that the school i went to was terrible , that the people going there were terrible , that the whitetrash levels were extreme and worrying , and that the school i work at now is undeniably in every possible way a better place to get an education than my crappy countryside school was , regardless of the demographics . 
  i work at a school like that .
