  abuse and trafficking i do have a problem with . 
  ignoring it just because most victims are women and children is horrible . 
  and the thing i 'm trying to say is that by legalising and regulating the prostitution market it becomes a lot easier to stop the sex trade and to make sure that everyone involved are consenting to it . 
  i 'm not saying we should ignore it ( that was never my point !, 
  ) , i 'm saying that the current situation ( in the nordic countries at least ) does more harm than good . 
   well , i do n't know what your preferences are but if you ever find yourself in my neck of the woods give me a shout and i 'll give a kick in balls for free  well , that wo n't address our overaching societal problem with sex fixation now will it ? 
  unless you mean to say you 'd want to kick everyone in the balls/uterus , in which case i 'd say that 's a waste of taxpayer resources . 
   so we should just ignore it , you mean ? 
  we could do that . 
  and do , for the most part . 
  let the police tend to more important crimes . 
  most trafficked people in europe are from asia and eastern europe anyway , hardly people to bother the police about , right ? 
  that 's not at all what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that in a legal market you * can * stop sex slavery , whereas in an illegal one you ca n't . 
  i do n't know why you think i 'm being racist or whatever , since i 've never said anything of the sort . 
  i 've been arguing this whole time about how a legal market will ensure that prostitutes work in good conditions and never against their will , rather than an illegal market where sex slavery is always going to happen . 
   state monopoly on pimping ? 
  yes . 
  i was very explicit about that . 
  i want a state monopoly on prostitution . 
   very swedish , i must say : ) thank you ? 
   we should focus on deterring , in my opinion . 
  and i do n't agree . 
  i think that does more harm than good . 
   you mean the guys that no woman willingly has sex with ? 
  ca n't say that i feel sorry for them . 
  no , i 'm saying the people that are debating this issue is going on and on about how women need to be protected from abuse but they never once stop to explain why that means that men also should n't be allowed to prostitute themselves . 
  no , i agree . 
  i 'm just saying that cutting what are likely already poor families off from what might just be their only source of income probably is n't going to help their kids a whole lot . 
  i 'm ... ah ... just ... 
  what ?!, 
  also penalties for childlessness . 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm sure they are planning to start accepting debit cards tomorrow . 
  hey , look at this way : cheques are outdated now that we have debit cards . 
  that 's a couple of hours of effort saved right there , since the 1960s !, 
   boys are . 
  sources , please . 
   sure we can . 
  all crime should be investigated and punished . 
  even if the victims are mostly women and children . 
  especially when they are children i 'd think , but you ca n't still be seriously thinking that prostitution is something you can actually stop , do you ? 
  crimes can be investigated , but the authorities have to know about it first . 
  prostitution , like drugs , is of such a nature that no matter what you do most of it is always going to fall through the cracks and keep to the underground , where the police wo n't know . 
  for every sex ring like in op that gets caught a dozen go unnoticed . 
  you mean sex ? 
  really ? 
  well , if it is societal pressure that makes men buy sex from women and children we should try to , somehow , take that pressure off men , do n't you think ? 
  sure , you get right on that . 
    the laws are meant to protect victims of violence and trafficking , both women and men . 
  i 'm not sure what the laws on prostitution are like in sweden but in iceland selling sex is not illegal , pimping is and buying sex also . 
  they are that way in sweden too . 
  it 's a lot better than say the us where the victims are also being punished for the crime . 
  but even so like i said the law ca n't be everywhere , and most of the sex trade is still going to be around even if you ban it . 
  it will just be underground , where you have no control or oversight of it . 
  by allowing a legal , well regulated and strictly controlled ( and taxed ) market you can effectively destroy the whole underground sex trade . 
  why go to a pimp on a street corner or at a suspicious brothel when the state runs a much safer and better brothel right next door ? 
  the prostitutes would be much better off that way . 
  they 'd get proper employment with collective agreements and union protection , regular health checks , mandatory protection , a guarded environment in which to do business , etc. 
  meanwhile the costumers also get better and safer service , regular consumer protection and price setting , and all those other things that a legal market can provide which an illegal one wo n't . 
  like i said : harm reduction , rather than deterring , is what we should be focusing on . 
  when something is illegal it does n't go away , it just goes out of sight and becomes a lot worse for those that are affected by it . 
  ( about the women-men issue in sweden at least the whole `` debate '' , in as much as it exists , is about how women must be protected and how women are the victims . 
  anti-prostitution laws are somewhat paradoxically i think a major feminist issue ( because , you know , more restrictions on what consenting women can and ca n't do with their own bodies is just such a feminist policy !, 
  ) , with no justification whatsoever about how the laws also apply to men . 
  to be fair though it 's just as illegal for a woman to pay for sex as it is for a man , so there 's always that . ), 
  i 'm not sure how exactly the uk versions of those laws work , so you may in fact be right that there really is n't a crime here . 
  in any case we can agree that the only reason this happened is because there was a popular demand for it , because some people take football too seriously . 
  it 's weak for a court to fall for it , but what can you do ? 
  incitement to ethnical hatred is a crime in pretty much all european countries . 
  it has been since ... oh about 1945 or so . 
  i wonder why ... 
  in any case this is a serious overreaction i think . 
  a fine for breaking the law sure but prison for tweeting ? 
  seems like popular pressure had a role to play in this verdict . 
  but then football is serious business in some cultures . 
  it 's dangerous stuff to mess with . 
  in theory maybe ... 
  in kindergarten it would n't be much of a problem for the most part i agree , but it does set a precedent and if some parents end up losing their social support because their kids ca n't be bothered to go to school then that 's unfair to the parents , and there 's always a risk that once you make this rule for kindergarten it 's going to come rather easy to introduce it for later schooling as well where parents quite objectively do n't have much control of their children . 
  i 'm also sceptical because i have a sneaking suspicion that cutting families that are already problematic off from their social support is just going to aggreviate the situation . 
  i would rather have a strong child services authority that can step in and force the parents/kids to school in extreme situations . 
  well , you wo n't be able to do much about that . 
  there 's always going to be a market for buying sex , and the demand exists from all sexes and genders ( though our culture is such a way that men will always feel more societal pressure to have it than others ) . 
  i think the most important thing for the state is reduce the harm of this behaviour , because it wo n't be able to stop it . 
  in this regard i think prostitution as an issue is quite analogous to drugs . 
  keeping it illegal might deter some people but it wo n't stop anything in the grand scheme of things and it makes the situation significantly worse for the victims . 
  ( also as a sidenote you ca n't tax something that 's illegal ) . 
  but that 's just my two euro cents . 
  anyway , there 's also a sexist angle here that i feel is somewhat ignored . 
  of course women are being affected quite badly by the current situation , but the law also stops men from being prostitutes . 
  why ? 
  men are n't being traded as sex slaves to fuel the demand for prostitution . 
  so if the laws are there to protect women then why ca n't men be prostitutes ? 
  as i see it the problem is not that prostitution is tolerated in spain , but rather that it is n't in fact regulated in a positive sense either . 
  no government keeping track of the working conditions or mandating safe sex or anything like that . 
  i 'd like to see what amounts to a state monopoly on prostitution as a way of legalising it while keeping as close to total control of the market as possible . 
  either way the current way we do it in sweden ( super-illegalise everything ! ), 
  does n't work either , so ... 
  also you are punishing the parents for something they do n't necessarily have any control over . 
  i like it .
