   you do n't know your political spectrums . 
  not necessarily so . 
  left and right is primarily a matter of economics , is it not ? 
  if you support complete centralised state control of the economy you are left wing . 
  if you then happen to also be against lgbt rights , a racist and a social conservative that 's irrelevant to your position on the right wing-left wing axis of politics ( in fact you 'd basically be holding the same opinions as joseph stalin , who 's the archetypical left wing extremist . ), 
  that said i by no means agree with the original poster you replied to . 
  the ku klux klan is not a political party . 
  you * ca n't * vote for them ( or , strictly speaking , any political party in the usa . 
  the usa has a candidate based voting system . ), 
  you can vote for a particular politician that is known to be a member of the ku klux klan , though . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  plus britain was never a monocultural place to begin with . 
  the notion of there being a single british culture is false . 
  there are scottish and welsh and english and irish cultures and all of them are just as varied as the next . 
  sitting down to pee is actually healthier , or so they say . 
  apparently it somehow lessens the risk that you develop prostate cancer in the future . 
  in the sense that it 's spoken in some areas in scandinavia ( remember though that finland itself is not strictly speaking located on the scandinavian peninsula ) , yes . 
  it 's not scandinavian in the linguistic sense though , which is what i was talking about . 
  finnish is a finno-ugric language . 
  it 's not even remotely related to the scandinavian branch of the north germanic languages . 
  for a non-speaker all the scandinavian languages sound alike . 
  they are extremely similar languages , with mutual intelligibility . 
  i thought we already had this ? 
  well , i for one realised that must have been the case when i took the survey . 
  i think most of us who realised the meaning did , and knew you meant for the sentence to be the incorrect one . 
  actually , i skimmed at the bank works . 
  skimming is a technique of identity theft that involves stealing someone 's credit or debit card information . 
  i went a couple of times as a kid . 
  it 's good fun . 
  the whole town is really into it , it seems . 
  there are medieval themed things all around and from time to time they re-enact historical scenes and events with actors in public . 
  there are jousts and markets and stuff , too , and the way the city is preserved really helps add to the feel of the thing . 
  i wholeheartedly recommend it . 
  as a sidenote if you are used to going there for the medieval festival and then one year decide to go there for the almedal debates the change in atmosphere is quite overwhelming . 
  no , not you !, 
  not saying you are far right . 
  why the fuck would you even think i meant that ? 
  i said the * party * , as in * the party in the article * is presumably far right . 
  as you obviously misunderstood my post i wo n't comment on the rest of the content in your post and instead give you the opportunity to post a new one . 
  a flag is just a symbol . 
  it does not have an actual bearing towards your feelings towards any country , and just because you chose to raise one and not another does n't necessarily mean you favour one country over the other . 
  claiming that is the case only shows the underlining insecurities that the far right ( presumably this is a far right party who 's suggesting this ) is built upon . 
  it 's the only technical solution i could see . 
  how the hell would you even go about coding a filter that could magically recognise copyrighted material ? 
  you 'd have to have people with law degree manually look over every piece of video that 's posted and that 's simply not possible . 
  i know , right ? 
  europe can pass its own laws making it illegal to send the data in question outside the union . 
  that way companies will be forced to have their backups within the union and governments will have to find local alternatives to analyse census data . 
  making it illegal to use a cloud data environment to store this type of information would do the trick . 
  it 's about a guy who really fucking hates his ex . 
  the lyrics is about how he throws out all their old stuff from his life , and how he goes around wearing a sweater his ex used to hate all day . 
  what 's even more incomprehensible than regular danish ? 
  danish rapping . 
  there 's been some public debate lately about reforming the system to make it more democratic , spurred on by fears that the success of the far right ( or what passes for it in sweden at least ) in the last election would lead to an influx of racist lay judges who would be unable to judge immigrants accused of crimes fairly . 
  why this became a problem * just now * and why the biases of other political parties are n't of such a big concern i could n't tell you . 
  in sweden lay judges are selected and appointed directly by politicians . 
  in either case the topic probably does belong in / r/europe because of the strong russian involvement in the back story , i realised . 
  as it turns out definitions vary ( according to wikipedia anyway ) and the borders of europe are not always given to be the same . 
  it 's said to run through the caucasus mountains though , which would make armenia and azerbaijan ( as being located south of the actual mountain range ) not qualify . 
  awesome stamps , but abkhazia is in asia is it not ? 
  well , if it 's the same why could n't you share it ? 
  i find this whole thing to be rather silly , but then i hear sausage is serious business down on the continent . 
  are they not the same sausage then ? 
  no reason you could n't share the trademark . 
  then . 
  you could still say that regular krainer is a slovenian protected trademark , while k\u00e4sekrainer is an austrian one . 
  the names * are * slightly different , even if the only difference is the addition of the word cheese . 
  i 'd describe it as a mix of tar and licorice . 
  this is why i always cheer for north korea in international sporting events : because if they do n't win they and their families are dead . 
   he also criticizes grass for claiming in a 2011 interview with israeli journalist tom segev that 6 million german soldiers were `` liquidated '' by the soviets after world war ii . 
  the figure is extremely controversial as it hints at a direct comparison with the number of jews killed in the holocaust . 
  ... what ? 
  even if it were true ( which i doubt , because at that point in the war the soviets had already killed twice that many german soldiers in open combat , and the german manpower base was n't that large ) how could it possibly be a direct comparison to the holocaust ( and for that matter : if it were true then why would it be bad to compare them in the first place ? 
  the holocaust is hardly the only human atrocity that was ever committed . ), 
  if you check the sidebar on / r/europe there 's a link to a list of european subreddits . 
  hit all of them ? 
  try a couple of european ones for starters . 
  / r/france or / r/spain or something along those lines . 
  there 's bound to be more european users than asian ones . 
  also maybe there 's a / r/quebec you could try ? 
  plenty of canadians on reddit i believe . 
  edit : oh , and do n't forget about / r/finland which i believe is fairly active . 
  that 's a european language quite unlike the germanic ones . 
  i 'm sure you 'll get plenty of upvotes here . 
  you got one from me at least . 
  done and done !, 
  be sure to tell us the results . 
  meh , this is not actually a discussion i 'm interested in having . 
  the end result is the same in any case : athenian democracy would not fly today . 
  yeah , and so am i. 
  the ancient greek democracy was nothing like the democracy we have today . 
  you had a very specific class of people who were allowed to vote and have a say , and no one else did . 
  it was n't even close to the standards of universal suffrage we have today , plus it did n't have a constitution to limit the powers of the assembly . 
  these days we 'd call that an oligarchy . 
  that 's not to say that athenian democracy did n't set an historical precedent and had a lasting impact , but come on !, 
  would n't the ancient model be the small oligarchy ? 
   we speak the same language even that one 's arguable . 
  also only 18-30 year olds . 
   i have never implied that i thought it could be stopped . 
  i have no problem with people willingly charging for access to their bodies .
