  the south part of the country used to be mainly danish until it was ethnically cleansed . 
  swedish was n't an ethnic identity until the 19th century ( like most ethnicities ) . 
  you can make a practicality argument against immigration in this country , but an ethnic argument is pretty silly i think . 
  that does n't mean that racial profiling is right , though . 
  the netherlands translates to something like paesi bassi in italian , so i do n't know if in this case using the much less ridiculously sounding name of olanda is actually preferable ( even though it 'd be like referring to italy as `` latium . '' ), 
  ah , yes , the famous haute cuisine of latvia , served in every fancy restaurant around the world . 
  :p ( though for all i know latvian cuisine really is delicious . 
  i 've never been there . ), 
  so 's your mu ... oh , wait ... 
  though we also ca n't just combine the two areas of cyprus into one nation state and hope for the best . 
  that 's a recipe for disaster . 
  a gradual process of unification might be possible , but both sides of the island are going to have to make compromises and i do n't think that will happen overnight . 
  right , which is why it should be a professional school and not a university . 
  if the addiction is under control there are plenty of jobs and trades addicts could perform . 
  i 'm not suggesting we should teach them quantum astrophysics or whatever . 
  i believe higher education is tax funded in denmark so the heroin centres could start working with professional schools to give the addicts distance studies . 
  not that , being a documented drug addict , having a degree will necessarily increase their chances of employment but at least it 's something . 
  regardless , the utopia that communism describes is one that most people would find quite nice and enjoyable . 
  total equality for all , no work , spirit of love and cooperation etc. 
  most people would not say the same about the utopia that nazism describes ( racial purity , militarism , conformism etc. ), 
  the fact that both ideologies have historically turned out more or less the same for the people living under them is irrelevant to how attractive their respective utopias are perceived by the common public . 
  [ iceland ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/feb/25/iceland-seeks-internet-pornography-ban ) . 
  ~ 20 sek for a tube . 
  a tube is about a week and half 's worth of breakfast spread for me , give or take a couple of days . 
  it should be pointed out that swedish sandwich kaviar has very little in common with the fancy russian stuff . 
  it 's made from roe from atlantic cod and pollachius bluefish ( a far cry from beluga sturgeon ) and mixed with copious amounts of filler that includes sugar , potato meal , salt and tomato pur\u00e9e . 
  in recent years they 've started coming out with variants like `` striped kaviar '' which is a 50/50 mix of kaviar and a kind of cream cheese that comes out in a striped stream from the tube . 
  there 's even a variant that includes powdered egg paste !, 
  the most popular and famous brand is kalles kaviar but i do n't like that since it 's only mildly smoked and salted . 
  i prefer to buy deep smoked , salty variants . 
  dark bread with [ fish roe paste ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/egg_sandwich.jpg ) and [ fermented milk product ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filmj%c3%b6lk ) . 
  i can confirm that it 's still below freezing most days and that just the other day we had snow fall in stockholm . 
  it * is * march , after all . 
  there is n't enough money to do that . 
  it 's much more economically feasible to stick to monitoring `` only '' the extremist ones . 
  yeah , too bad there are n't any people who 's job it already is to uphold the law and enforce legal contracts . 
  people who patrol the cities , looking for trouble . 
  policemen , if you will . 
   however , its individual countries are significantly more ethnically or culturally homogenous than north america . 
  sure , just like nebraska is significantly more homogenous than africa . 
  comparing a whole continent to a single country is always going to result in the one country being less diverse . 
  likewise comparing a very large federal union to a nation state is going to have a similar result due to obvious reasons . 
  as a continent europe is just as diverse as anywhere else . 
  it 's still a wedding ring though . 
  basic human decency mandates that you should do your best to get it back to its owner if you find one . 
   but portugal do n't dub , and with brazil i guess they are 100 million or so ? 
  the way i understand it brazilian portuguese and iberian portuguese are two very different dialects and speakers can barely understand each other . 
   but , you are right , less danish media for example , but i still do n't see why one should want to dub foreign movie ? 
  in particular since it 's more expensive . 
  well , you kind of have to if your audience is n't used to foreign language media and disapprove of subtitles because they are equally unused to them , or you 'd have no audience left . 
  if your point is why did they start dubbing to begin with and not just do subtitles then well , hindsight is 20/20 as they say . 
   another thing is that people have been arguing is that elderly people in austria/germany/france for example are to illiterate to read . 
  i do n't believe they are , i do n't belive they are more illiterate than denmark/portugal/finland etc. 
  i agree , but i think the problem they are talking about is actually more that old people are n't used to subtitles and old people have a hard time getting used to new things , so they would find subtitles problematic because of that rather than because old people would be illiterate . 
  i hate that shit . 
  it 's hopeless trying to figure out what ticket to buy at a swedish cinema , because all the film titles are just random swedish ones . 
  i never know which swedish title corresponds to the film i want to see because i only know what the film is called in english and most of the time the swedish title translates to something completely unrelated . 
  yes . 
  or rather , they are educated in different things . 
  it 's a matter of capitalism really . 
  making films and television in for example danish is a lot less profitable than making them in german or french , simply because the danish-speaking audience is so much smaller . 
  french and german meanwhile are proper world languages ( french more so than german these days ) . 
  you have potential audiences for your work that outnumber the total amount of danish-speakers on the planet by a factor of hundreds if not thousands . 
  what this means is that media providers in denmark have less sources of danish-language media to distribute , meaning that it simply becomes impractical to dub all the stuff you have to import . 
  there 's too much of it and it 's too expensive . 
  german and french-speaking media meanwhile have plenty of material to chose from . 
  obviously you still want to import stuff , especially the really popular stuff from other countries , but you can fill up the time between prime-time hits with native content that you do n't need to translate , meaning you can focus your entire translation budget on doing big dubbing projects for popular films and series instead of spreading it out to cover a bunch of syndicated filler as well . 
  there 's simply not as much need for a german or a french person to learn to live with subtitles and foreign language media , and so they do n't . 
  meanwhile people like us from the c-list of culturally influential countries are by necessity going to be exposed to a lot more of it , and we learn to live with it . 
  the reason almost everybody in sweden understands english is * because * we do n't dub things . 
  most young people in sweden will tell you that they understood english before they started having it as a subject in school because they were exposed to it by media at an earlier age . 
  and that 's a freaking brilliant way to ensure that your society is up to date with the current lingua franca . 
  it 's also a lot cheaper to subtitle a film than to dub it , meaning you can afford to import more media and thus increase the availability of culture and media in your country . 
  well , looking at western europe we have the iberian peninsula , who 's people would not be `` white '' in america ( but most europeans would consider them as such ) . 
  the same peninsula also used to be ruled by muslims before the christians conquered and drove them off , so there 's that . 
  europe is not as ethnically or culturally homogenous as it 's sometimes portrayed , and its history is one of peoples moving about , ethnic cleansing , cultural melting pots and war . 
  it 's not like a hypothetical ethnic hybridisation would be the first . 
  define white . 
  define minority . 
  are we talking nationwide or on a regional basis ? 
  are turks white for the purposes of this ? 
  if not thrace has had a white minority for centuries . 
  manslaughter is indeed homicide . 
  sm\u00e5land is home to a couple of notable swedish cities though . 
  j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping , v\u00e4xj\u00f6 , kalmar ... those are proper urban centres by swedish standards . 
  plus it 's part of a statistical eu region that also includes \u00d6land and gotland . 
  maybe the gutnish are actually violent murder machines ? 
   what everybody needs to understand who supports pro-worker politics is that they need to come up with a plan how to erect trade barriers ( in order to prevent jobs getting outsourced ) against people who can dictate because they hold our debt . 
  suggestions are welcome . 
  that , or somehow convince the entire world to adopt the same policies globally , which i believe is actually the end goal of a lot of left-wing ideologies . 
  no no , that 's just what sm\u00e5land 's like . 
  it 's dangerous what with all the ... uh ... polkagrisar i guess are from sm\u00e5land . 
  it 's jus to the latin caesus ( cheese ) into english that way . 
  jus also coincidentally means sauce or juice in latin , and that might be where the shared root comes from . 
  pure insanity !, 
  coniferous trees are a bad idea for food preparation , because they contain terpenes that are poisonous and if you smoke something with it it will be covered in it . 
  juniper is fine though . 
  they actually have the same root : jus . 
  compare with the english cheese , spanish queso , german k\u00e4se . 
  in sweden it 's called mesost for some reason .
