  english , because of its universality . 
   bonh\u00f4te told local media also that residents should not be left in doubt about the cleanliness of shops in the canton . 
  it 's a hygiene issue !, 
  right , except the whole bread and circuses angle is a lot more precarious to play in the modern age of constant persistent media exposure . 
  you praise yourself for solving unemployment , only to face even harsher critique a year later when it comes back . 
  so does most swedish people . 
  some of that horse meat is probably imported right back into the country after slaughter , because it 's cheaper that way . 
  except you 'd then need to dismantle the social welfare system because it suddenly is redundant , thus decreasing the amount of available jobs and creating new unemployment . 
  also the unemployed has a rather large collective purchasing power despite individual low income so sales of stuff would also decrease meaning retail and food production would have to let people off as well . 
  / r/askhistorians because of rather restrictive posting criteria for top level comments . 
  presumably because the majority of us citizen with suffrage do not in fact think their police are all that bad , overall ? 
  well , you go tell dagens nyheter , svenska dagbladet and svt to start publishing their detailed analysis of our national news and the situation in our country in english and i 'll start linking to that instead on international fora where less than 1 % of the audience , statistically speaking , understands swedish . 
  but yes , the local is basically aftonbladet in english . 
  like for example countries that [ let hippies sneak into their nuclear power facilities ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/43708/20121009/ ) . 
  we must milk this for all it 's got !, 
  yeah !, 
  we have chat roulette now !, 
  it would still connect you if you put in the wrong amount of zeroes though . 
  it 's also still apparently operational . 
  for the convenience of old people , i suppose . 
  edit : doing some research it appears the number was chosen because back when people had rotary phones swedish rotary phones were designed with the 0 as the first number on the dial rather than 1 like in most countries , meaning 90000 was quick to dial ( compare with 911 on a rotary phone with the 1 in the first position ) . 
  it was also chosen because it was easy to memories when pulse dialling . 
  the old one also supposedly still works in sweden . 
  it 's 90000 ( back in the day it would still connect you if put in the wrong amount of 0s , i 'm not sure if it still does this ) . 
  being the pope is not an obstacle for that , going by what i learned watching the borgias television series . 
  too old at 85 ? 
  what a wuss !, 
  back in the day you were pope until you died , and many a pope lived well into their 90s . 
  britain , come on , the blitz was over 50 years ago . 
  surely this evident act of spiteful vengeance is unnecessary by now ? 
  but that could be any us american user on the / r/mylittleponiesorwhatever subreddit !, 
  no , see , the [ wesen ] ( http://grimm.wikia.com/wiki/wesen ) part of your nick is what 's going to have to identify you . 
  there 's been no horse-related wesen on the show yet as far as i 'm aware but if one ever appears , well we 'll know for sure what your new image is going to have to be like from then on . 
  it seems rather contraproductive to me to then send all the cpus to the uk before exporting them to other countries . 
  would the company not just export their products directly from china ? 
  an abomination of a my little pony/grimm crossover . 
  figures the formative case in an issue like this would be sex related . 
   it just so happens that nordic people are 100 % hotter than their immigrants from the perspective of your ethnic group maybe ... 
  i think the idea is that marriage should be abolished as a legal term and contract entirely in favour of being replaced by civil partnerships for all . 
  that way the state does n't have make a rule about what can and ca n't be called marriage : legally speaking , it does n't matter . 
  race is just arbitrary . 
  in america hispanic is a race , in europe spanish people are white ( though yes , the settlers in latin america and brazil intermarried a lot with both the natives and their own slaves , and later on other european nationalities got in on the action as well ( lots of germans in argentina , for example ) but still . ), 
  i actually would n't mind if the money was instead a general tax and went to the same things as the rest of our taxes do ( education , healthcare , welfare , that sort of thing ) . 
  at least that way the fees would do some good . 
  in sweden the equivalent tax thing goes to a lobby organisation . 
  it is n't much of an issue around here . 
  not having kids is completely socially accepted ( by society in general at least , some circles may be different ) . 
  if anything we are concerned about overpopulation , though the fact that the average age is increasing does cause some worry for the future ( too few working people to support our future elderly ) . 
  our population is increasing slowly but only because of immigration . 
  obviously our far right bitches a lot about this , like they do everywhere else . 
  yes , poland is indeed a country . 
  in this case since i said that france was the first country that * legalised * homosexuality and poland never made it illegal in the first place , thus never legalising it either ( because a legalisation requires there to be something illegal to make legal in the first place ) i 'm going to go ahead and claim that my initial statement is still technically speaking correct . 
  it does not start . 
  it 's not a measurement of age , it 's a matter of organisation and the political nature of the entity in question . 
  let me turn this around a bit by asking you what is the definition of a country ? 
  the first country in the modern sense , surely . 
  i mean , sure , the ancient romans never made gay sex illegal ( to take an example ) , but their empire was hardly a nation state . 
  i definitely agree with you that a hypothetically independent scotland should look at different societies and countries to pick ideas from . 
  and nothing is inherently incompatible , of course , but i do believe that some aspects of our system and the price we pay in order to keep it going would not be acceptable to the scottish public at large . 
  that said if scotland does become independent i look forward to a hopefully close diplomatic and political relationship between that country and this one . 
  this baffled me to great degrees when i started reading up on the subject . 
  growing up and living in this country i always took it for granted that a civil union is just what you call marriage for gay people when religious people are being bitchy about it . 
  the idea that a civil union would not entail all the legal rights ( and obligations ! ), 
  that a marriage does simply did n't cross my mind until i first ran into it on the internet . 
  well , not that i follow scottish politics or british politics all that closely but from what i 've seen and read from british media it seems that parties like the snp and plaid cymru have a bit of a hard-on for * their interpretation * of scandinavian society . 
  i am afraid that if they were to examine scandinavia and the nordic countries closer they 'd find that many aspects of our society and culture simply are not compatible with either scotland , wales or britain in general and that trying to be like us is only a good thing in theory . 
  we did have civil unions since the 80s . 
  my gay uncle has been in a civil union with his partner since at least 1988 ( and though they can now get properly married they 've decided to not bother since the unions were and are equivalent to a marriage in all legality anyway ) . 
  france was the first country in the world to legalise homosexuality , after all . 
  still , better late than never . 
  i do n't understand what your point is in all of this . 
  you start by saying that the swedish government 's relative friendliness towards the usa is about economics , but the thread was never about that . 
  the thread is about the fbi going to iceland and expecting to be allowed to do whatever they want there . 
  then someone commented that among the nordic countries sweden is probably the most usa-friendly when it comes to policy and the current government 's ideological bendings . 
  so far so good . 
  then you start talking about how that is all economic interest , when that is simply not the case . 
  i 'm arguing that the swedish relative tolerance of the us * government * ( which is decidedly ** not ** the same as us based international corporations ) has very little to do with direct economic concerns within our country and is in large parts about politics and ideology . 
  sweden * was * dependent on the usa for protection throughout the cold war . 
  this was the past , obviously , and it 's not necessarily the case today , but back in the day it certainly was . 
  the ingenuity of the swedish model hangs upon its ability to claim complete neutrality while not actually being very neutral at all . 
  this we did . 
  it 's in the past now , but it did happen . 
  * you * brought up ww2 , not me . 
  it 's not really relevant , honestly . 
  before ww2 sweden was a third world country . 
  it was among the poorest most shitty shitholes that europe had to offer . 
  old sweden was not modern sweden . 
  but i was never talking about that , i was only talking swedish realpolitik during the cold war . 
  so i still do n't see your original point . 
  if the fbi acted like they did in this story towards sweden - sending agents to investigate a non-violent political movement with ties to this country - how is that working towards preserving american market interests within our own economy ? 
  i only brought up the cia because they * have * been spying on swedish citizen within sweden with the swedish government 's knowledge and consent . 
  it was supposed to be an example of how us * government * interest interferes with ( from a us perspective ) foreign states . 
  it has to do with american * private market * interests in an indirect manner only . 
  still our government has let us * government * agents act freely within our country . 
  that 's not business : that 's politics . 
   not act freely , but the government 's mission includes keeping the economy stable and working . 
  without that there can be no functioning nation . 
  also , in your parent comment you were n't talking specifically about cia or anything , nor were the parent of that either . 
  hence i do n't really see what your `` cia is n't a corporation '' comment is supposed to mean . 
  op is about an american governmental agents attempting to overstep their boundries in iceland , so naturally i assumed that 's what we were talking about here .
