  you should look at that comment again . 
  it looks like you messed up your edit a bit . 
  before tsipras came to power the greek [ gdp ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2014/nov/14/eurozone-gdp-growth-figures-live#block-5465d352e4b074b4f9c77186 ) was growing again and unemployment was falling . 
  granted it was n't much but it was progress . 
  i said i ** could ** tell that to myself to make myself feel better . 
  but like i pointed out in the in the next sentence , it 's impossible for me to know whether he paid his taxes or not . 
  ~ ~ it was a percentage i read somewhere . 
  wikipedia says it was 49 % . 
  those numbers were from 2005 though and the source was in greek so i could n't read it . 
  that was before the crisis so i doubt most of them could n't pay it . ~ ~ edit : i was wrong . 
   not true . 
  while he vastly miscalculated how much europeans want this period to stay buried in the past ( while we still have people who lived in it alive , hilariously ) no , he vastly miscalculated the amount of people who have moved on . 
  thanks for the picture . 
  newspaper articles can be dehumanizing ( even if it is unintentional ) . 
  i will admit i do n't support giving greece any debt relief at this time , at least not with the current government in power . 
  it really hit me in the gut though . 
  i could try to make myself feel better by saying he was one of those ~ ~ 49,5 % of ~ ~ greeks that evaded taxes , but it 's impossible for me to know if he is . 
  i urge any greek citizen reading this to vote yes . 
  i do n't know exactly what a yes vote will entail aside from restarting negotiations with the troika . 
  but if you all vote no , life will get even worse for people like him and yourself . 
  that i do know . 
  edit : i said that 49,5 percent of greeks evaded taxes . 
  this was based on something `` i read somewhere '' and a wikipedia article that was wrong . 
  it was 49 % of companies that were inspected . 
  my excuses for this . 
  you are misunderstanding me . 
  i meant to say that he is a scientist in maths but not in economics . 
  while varoufakis the mathmatician is a scientist , varoufakis the economist is not . 
  i do n't really know the economical consequences would be but it would be political suicide for politicians in creditor countries . 
  not to mention people like geert wilders and marine le pen would be having a field day . 
  but is n't that what the graph you provided was about ? 
  it even says [ `` greek gdp growth '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8fuyl1v.png ), 
  i think you mean second biggest in europe . 
  we lost the top position in 2005 to shanghai/singapore ( i ca n't remember which one ) . 
  and even then you are wrong since the second biggest port in europe is antwerp . 
  however , the greeks do have a massive shipping industry ( one of the largest in the world ) . 
  that second headline really made my day . 
  actually greece 's [ gdp grew ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2014/nov/14/eurozone-gdp-growth-figures-live#block-5465d352e4b074b4f9c77186 ) and unemployment fell over 2014 . 
  granted it was n't much but you ca n't exactly call that a `` freefall '' . 
  everything that happened afterwards is to be blamed on the clowns currently in office . 
  strange that the tabloids do n't mention it . 
  i would imagine that this whole affair is goldmine for them . 
  although on the other hand , we are in the euro and you are not . 
  more likely that they would be used to make cooking fires with . 
  perhaps it 's only about binding referendums . 
  intolerance is intolerance . 
  that it 's the other way around in that case does n't matter because that is not the incident we are discussing . 
  nor does it matter whether the site is garbage , the video is still there for you to see . 
  i think he was talking about people in britain . 
  would they fight for serbia ? 
  except that this is n't the same . 
  this is about coming to the defense of an ally who is attacked not to one who is the agressor . 
  and remember , italy did n't join in ( at atleast not immediatly ) despite their alliance with germany and austria . 
  because it was a defensive alliance . 
  then those others should get out of nato . 
  then they can live in the knowledge that their hands are clean if russia ever starts a war again on those three tiny countries east of them . 
  sure , they did n't help those people but your conscience is more important than their freedom and lives . 
  that relation has taken a big hit . 
  they are already divided on sanctions against russia . 
  i was once on holiday in southern limburg and the water there was absolutely undrinkable . 
  not that you would get sick of of it but because of the taste . 
  i do n't think he wants it to work there . 
  there are still around [ 2.8 million ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_states ) . 
  still , should n't to surprising . 
  when a country has a population of more them 300 million it 's a bit harder to get get that 1 % . 
  plus north america is farther away from the muslim world than europe making it more expensive to get there . 
  meanwhile richer countries ( including mine ) are n't keeping up their end of the bargain . 
  why would people who did n't do anything wrong need to feel guilty ? 
  what happened there was wrong and it 's important to recognize that and remember . 
  and yes i am very well aware that the nazis committed even greater crimes . 
  but what happened there was not justice , it was barbarity being answered with barbarity . 
   what goalpost ? 
  this was about they said in their partyprogram not different opinions held within syriza, 
  simple answer , our goverment is completly retarded . 
  i did n't really know what to think when the day they got elected . 
  they had some good points with regards to tackling corruption and tax dodging . 
  on the other hand i had my doubts about varoufakis . 
  yes he worked at valve , but working at a videogame company is different than international politics . 
  and he does n't seem to have realized this . 
  however after they brought up those `` reparation payments '' i decided they were complete idiots . 
  i even felt offended a bit when tsipras said that he was doing that in the name of all european people who had suffered under nazi occupation ( or something along those lines ) . 
  my people suffered under nazi rule aswell and i consider this something that belongs in the past . 
  who does he think he is to speak on my behalf ? 
  do n't leave us in suspence , what happend afterwards ? 
  hey , you were the on who called me '' * prime example of a video game and action movie confused mind * '' . 
  what i said was n't very mature but neither were you . 
  a prime example of a hippie confussed mind . 
  ( see i can be childish to ), 
  or maybe , just maybe it 's because it 's a dumb idea to cut defence spending with the current tensions on the continent . 
  i hope so . 
  should be good for a couple of laughs, 
  here you go . 
  they can send them to us . 
  we always need more meat to stuff in our kroketten . 
  [ very , very poor relations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war ), 
  it 's being misspent not inflated . 
  try to bribe them with a bottle of vodka . 
  other things mentioned in the article are that the collaboration between intelligence services and the investigation team does n't go smoothly . 
  it 's also difficult to prosecute the people involved since it must be clear what role each suspect had and if they can even be found , since they likely have new identities or were assassinated . 
  there is also strong evidence that the russians have been trying to hack into computer systems .
