too many mistakes lately, 
  while the muslims love them pls ... 
  not if they drown first / s, 
  i bet the media will blame the right wing instead of the muslim intollerance, 
  lol one tries to not believe memes ... 
  yet berlusconi never messed with france ex colonies or forced other nations to deal with problems so big , your egoism and your sense of superiority produced this mess . 
  for 20 years italy asked for a shared answer to the migrant crisis , nor france nor germany helped us , their answer were '' it 's your problem , deal with it , ahah tohse italians ca n't solve a simple problem '' and when we made a deal with ~ ~ erdogan ~ ~ gheddafi france saw the opportunity to screw us over and took it.every law you pass in brussel is made to screw up mediterranean nations , fuck this europe , you can be rich as you want , you will never be a friend to us . 
  now austria close the border , france refuse to take in migrants and we are left alone to deal with the thousands coming from africa thanks to your uberchancellor . 
  was italy allowed to speak when you were feeding your sense of superiority welcoming half of africa ? 
  was poland ? , hungary ? 
  every other nations who knew what the fuck you were doing ? 
  who the fuck speak italian in africa ? 
  lol italy strikes back , it was time !, 
  britain can opt-out without ripercussione and france fucked libia up , so tbqh i do n't care about them, 
  caliphate of germany lol, 
  indipendent actors hahahah do you really believe that terrorist had no support from the local muslim pop while he was there ? 
  do you think no one know where the boss is in a little town ? 
  isis has a structure , they are not independent actors !, 
  only one of them was able to produce bombs that 's mean they share resources, 
  those nordic europeans always think they are better , they call italy irrelevant , they do n't even understand we have a long experience in dealing with terrorism and mafia . 
  no no neglect our proposal for another 20 years ... it sure will end well, 
  there is a city in libia which is almost gone in the 2010 version , wtf happened ? 
  update : nvm i forgot the war lol, 
  and we call them far right ... 
  and i am telling you , for the second or third time that kebab were invading europe before the sack of costantinople in the 1254 . first arab siege of costantinople hbappened around 700 ad, 
  it proves that what you have written is stupid, 
  no true , from the 700 ad constantinople had no more direct control over africa and spain . 
  even with the reduced entity of the byzantine empire alive charles martel had to remove kebab in france , the reconquista was necessary in spain and in italy we had arabs raiding and pillaging our coast , they even sacked rome and conquered sicily and sardinia . 
  plus , since no more food came from egypt rome saw a decline in its population , this fact , together with the fact that the byzantine emperor was not able to defed rome pushed the pope to declare a new emperor in the west ( the holy roman empire ) . 
  so what has this to do with the sack of costantinople ? 
  so they will be able to blackmail migrants for 100 % true syrian passports . 
  that 's almost 600 years later ... 
  if the news that the european borders will remain open reach africa we will witness not a simple migration but an unstoppable exodus , it 's a time bomb and everyone turn their head . 
  venice was part of the byzantine empire . 
  when the muslims invaded egypt the byzantine sent troops and ships to stop them from every province . 
  but venice was already dealing with arabs since they already conquered egypt , se she was removing 1gen kebabs . 
  and tbh it was prince alexios who broke the deal, 
  the byzantine prince lied to the crusaders who owed 80000 ducati to venice . 
  the prince told them that the people of costantinople would have helped them . 
  m8 do n't believe spanish lies , remember venice was fighing arabs before their reconquista, 
  you are all wrong the best language is still latin , italian is second , turk is ooga booga tier, 
  organized at being disorganized m8 , that 's one step further from being disorganized, 
  why should we argue when it 's clear italy is better ? 
  the story of small cities fighting empires relying only on bravery and intelligence , the story of knights , poets and priests , the story of people selling all they had just to defend the holy land , architects building cathedrals still standing after 1000 years . 
  the story of a continent that after over 600 years of invasions found the strength to impose himself . 
  fuckin cultural marxist , you are worst than those 2 gen migrants loyal to saudi arabia instead of the nation where they are born . 
  does anyone have a copy of the message this malinchist idiot wrote before deleting it ? 
  i would like to save it to show the world how sick their point of view is, 
  i thought you would send a mehmet this time, 
  we saved their asses at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_nikolayevka, 
  fuck hans you are really disappointing us , send the afrikacorps goddamnit, 
  thanks france ... 
  did n't you notice how good they are at pissing on the walls of ancient churches ? 
  italy redistributed something like 16 migrants , everyone said '' it 's a start '' but it all ended with those 16 correction : not expelled , redistributed in europe, 
  pffffff, 
  hahaha i need to know how the fuck a distant colony could preserve latino so well . 
  it 's almost incredible that romania surpassed so many bsrbar invasions untouched because of few mountains, 
  indeed there are a lot of words i used when i was translating latin . 
  wtf it 's romanian ? 
  i did n't know romanian preserved latin influence so much . 
  this remember me a mixture of latin and something like the language of sinti ... how weird , it looks so familiar and wrong in the same time . 
  i studied latin in high school , i can almost read it, 
  no isis emitted passports of the caliphate with machines stole from the syrian national offices, 
  yesterday the news was on reddit , maybe they stopped accepting them in december , that 's still too late for me . 
  yes , until yesterday isis passports were considered valid by german authorities, 
  then you started taking in anyone , even those with an isis passport and these people called home and spread the news, 
  well sure germans with their ordnung and efficiency can handle few millions more desperate refugees, 
  well germany said to italy that refugees were our problem 2-3 years ago, 
  and when those islands will be filled ? 
  you have not seen the new `` wave '' , merkel 's words will have a huge impact this year, 
  every passport 100 euro to isis and they were valid until now, 
  non white , they just do n't want to say it xd, 
  wait few months ... 
  they destroyed greece and now they freely give billions to false refugees after breaking european rules with their too high surplus, 
  yes we will bring everyone down , especially you hans . 
  hahaha yes nobody ... 
  not together but yes we mock them since to fill the louvre they stole italian masterpieces xd, 
  do not worry , god is with us this time !, 
  it 's not impossible : for centuries we have fought the same enemy and trade , faith and culture merged and divided us over and over . 
  europeans should just find their forgotten roots . 
  if i visit greece , i feel like it 's the closest thing to home , but , like greeks magyars and many other balkan states , i do not think the same way with turkey or arabia . 
  that 's does not depend from personal experience since i never visited turkey , so what it is that push me alongside greeks and not the other side ? 
  a sense of common origin towards certain nations . 
  we will not have it anymore if this multiculti bs continue . 
  tbh i hope moscow , as third rome , will join our alliance , deus vult !, 
  meanwhile i suggest you to create a casus belli against turks in order to bring people by your side . 
  a chance like this is not easy to find and erdogan is isolated right now , plus the balkan states will help you xd . 
  reclaim hagia sophia fella !, 
  and pay denbts ( but not to germany ) . 
  p.s.this really remember me the fourth crusade lol, 
  ahahahah nice comedy . 
  tbh your anthem was written in italy, 
  ahah i love you, 
  italy here fuck you france , failed artists but excellent thieves . 
  you acted all high and mighty in the past teaching us about multiculturalism and dversity and look how well you handled it . 
  why the fuck did you fuck libya up ? 
  fuck you germany and netherlands , for 20 years italy proposed in the eu parliament the migrants issue . 
  we warned you that this problem could not be solved without an international effort way before this mess . 
  your answer was '' that 's your problem '' , now that merkel opened german borders you want all europe to save your ass.we had a deal with gheddafi , now we have isis a few hundreds of km away cutting throats on the libya coast but for that we should give our thanks to the french . 
  germany is doing the same thing with turkey , we should not pay for it as you did not help us with libya .
