  we use it reversed where i am from . 
  we use decimal commas and points to seperate every 3 numbers after the comma . 
  with 1.200 rpm i think the normal people might be the worst off ... 
  i 'm glad that the eu punishes tax havens like ireland and the netherlands ( earlier with starbucks in amsterdam ), 
  thor does ` nt like santa, 
  and sadly not that uncommon as you 'd think, 
  and achieved so much in that short time , congratulations !, 
  take that finland, 
  and so it begins, 
   has ge even put foor in the us his money did , thats enough, 
  why ca n't i load the icons between the `` won ' '' and `` t '' . 
  i only see two cross out boxes, 
  copyright clame incomming, 
  apply chilled port to the burned area, 
  the brexit diet works wonders , best way to lose pound quickly, 
  its dirt cheap now :p its the best time to visit london, 
  geert wilders got people scared of easteren europeans , he screams an rally 's people . 
  same shit as with the british ref . 
  that whole referendum was a dumb idea, 
  lots of asian company headquarters are considering moving to amsterdam . 
  this is two steps away from a full blown crystalnacht, 
  ironically , most english redditors love mentioning the war when losing an argument with a german on this site :p `` two wars , one world cup hur dur . . '' edit : ps , love that skit, 
  no it was full of ordnung, 
  they get selected by the political party 's that govern the member country . 
  so they are elected indirectly during national elections, 
  i love this channel, 
  i thought the nazis wanted a united europe led by germany, 
  3,2 swedish miles, 
  yes lets blame the police, 
  with that logic you should lose all faith considering the uk has the most floodings of any place in europe :p, 
  they are the highest in the polls, 
  the extreme right in the netherlands once proposed a polish criminal hotline to prove most crimes are committed by the polish . 
  now they seem to have forgot about the eastern europeans and mostly focuss on the refugees . 
  we had a rough year of mafia wars in amsterdam , people literally assassinated each other by shooting into bars with kalashnikovs during daytime . 
  another guy got killed near a school . 
  big guns but as far as i know no maffia unrelated people have died, 
  i am happy for you czechia , this is good news . 
  i suspect europe has a bright future edit : yes lets downvote without giving a reason, 
  ah fanta , good ol nazi cola, 
  the war where you abandoned your ally and fled to your little island ? 
  take that finland, 
  ita a dumb name , we should be the european federation, 
  there are a lot of mysterious deaths since putin came to office, 
   bad weather   drug use   mental problems   awsome economy, 
  haha , we actually also have a skying culture ( kind off ) . 
  a large winter migration of dutch motorhomes heads tot he alpes evey year . 
  we pretend be austerian and go to apres ski parties . 
  fuck you to < 3, 
  ye you are right , [ lets not repeat that ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/assault_on_copenhagen_ ( 1659 ) ) lots of dead dutchman . 
  and no you can not join without a bike culture, 
   celebrations of the conquest of constantinople yeah we finished off the roman empire !, 
  btw , did n't suliman see his kingdom as the succesor tot he roman empire ? 
  sound like russia, 
  damn that would be awesome, 
  would n't be a high way otherwise, 
  we should federate and invade sweden, 
  we decided to become the top city for mdma , i used to be all weed but its soooo mainstream now - amsterdam, 
  is there a law that kicks out criminal refugees ? 
  congratulations , you are now a swamp german, 
  living in a camp is n't really a reward . 
   i dont understand why they need to house them basic human rights ? 
  i am aware that a tool can be used as a weapon . 
  but so can your fists and almost almost any object . 
  the problem when you just assume that the breaking in tool were going to be used as a weapon . 
  as i said most of them will run ( al long as you dont actively corner them ) . 
  most would flee when the lights are turned on , you really dont need a gun for that . 
   self defence would not be my main reason in my first comment mentioned that having a gun for sports is okey , enthusiasts generally take safety very serious . 
  just that i dont buy the self defence argument . 
   i guess i come from such a culture where ... 
  i adressed this in my previous comment when mentioning switserland . 
  and welcome to most of europe :p, 
   self defence = / = shooting someone then why not have a replice/blak or alarm pistol ? 
   if someone is in my house and the are amed these are tools for breaking in , rarely used to attack someone in the job . 
  most people who break into your home are not prepared to fight someone . 
  almost all of them flee at the first sign of life ( where i am from ) the best defence is laminated glass . 
  it takes to long to break and attracts to much attention . 
  time is his worst enemy at the job . 
  offcourse there are exceptions and these stories spread like wildfire . 
  but they dont represent a large enough homicide rate to justify arming a population . 
  when an culture can handle it , there is no problem ( see switzerland/sweden ) but it can be terrible when that is n't the case . 
  because the potential socital damage outweighs personal benifit . 
  almost nobody needs to ever defend themselves with lethal force . 
  and when they do they probably know it to late to draw the gun . 
  someone is n't going to kill someone when the odds are n't massively in their favor . 
  seems reasonable , if you dont need one , dont get one . 
  ( if shooting is your sport than you need one ) suicide becomes so much easier when you have a gun . 
  let alone that a child wil probably know the house and hiding spots better than the gun owning parant . 
  the whole self defense argument never worked for me . 
  belgium gets half of the netherlands ? 
  i like this additude . 
  we should become a federation and invade sweden . 
  dear uk and romania we have many experience with keeping water out . 
  for a `` small sum '' we can help you out . 
  sincerely , the netherlands, 
  my new life motto, 
  its a cold war author, 
  we use middle ages in the netherlands . 
  i assume lots of non english speaking countrys do . 
  no dark ages here :p, 
  wel it should be nederlansk : , (,
