  than lets start with the moon , 
  its a shame , i would love to see russia and europe work together to colonise mars . 
  good thing merkel brought in the new workforce to compensate, 
  pictures of exposed elbows and knees ? 
  portugal , i will drink port in porto, 
  nope , we have saint martin at 11/11, 
  how about a european citizens ' initiative ? 
  we can stop this, 
  in the netherlands [ centraal bureau statistiek ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/menu/home/default.htm ) and for europe [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat ), 
  damn sweden , you scary, 
  so an undeveloped society ? 
  this is horrible , is there any way to counter this system in your oppionion ? 
  guess the big muslim problem stated by the hungarian pm is overexadurated, 
  i grew up in a small town in the north of the netherlands . 
  i do n't really know anyone who is brought up religiously . 
  the church is more of a government building nog for art exobitions or university speakers . 
  but nothing religious as far as i know . 
  i hope it will evolve to a united front standing against inhuman practices and war while promoting and practicing liberty , equality and fraternity . 
  a european federation with a prime directive would be awesome ... 
  thanks to this video :d, 
  only in dutch , on the same youtube channel, 
  i tried , there is no humor flair ( might be because i am on phone ), 
  do n't mind him , i think he read the title and responded without watching the video, 
  i think you are misinterpeting this , its a comedy show that responds to denmark putting ads in major news papers not to come to denmark, 
  the comedy show responds to denmark putting ads in major news papers not to come to denmark, 
  in my oppinion sweden was n't neutral during ww2 , they helped the nazis invade norway , suplied iron and helped finland keep back the soviets, 
  well as i said that is n't really a clear cause as most of the things you listed are effects that were later became causes ( the cycle of grudges ) but i believe what you say , just too bad that apearantly there are still enough idiots to cause these kinds aggression based on silly things like etnicity and religion . 
  altough it is probably better than what would have happened 20-30 years ago . 
  so i guess there has been a lot of progress . 
   by saying that you are the one sugarcoating national suffering . 
  nope , i was demeaning it . 
  so what do you think caused it ? 
  because it has gone on too long for anyone there to really know . 
  including you and anyone living there , the people who know how it started are long dead . 
  all it is now is an endless cycle of paybacks for grudges with probably some rationalisation for why a is the just one and b needs to die from both sides . 
  you 're doing it again, 
   easy to say when you live in the netherlands which has n't seen war on its land since hitler it means that i think your argument is an easy excuse to shut people out of the discussion . 
  i dont see how that is relevant , do n't try to sugarcoat national suffering . 
  the balkan thing has been going on since before the first world war . 
  its pointless and based upon a childish sence of national entitlement that cost milions of lives . 
  the time that that entitlement was relevant has been long gone . 
  europe can be a peacefull union and things like these petty grudges wo n't bring us anywhere . 
  that 's sad, 
  well thats exactly why they sould get over it , than stuff like that does n't have to happen anymore . 
  jeez people get over that war thingy already, 
  this is pretty scary actually , i see more and more people believing things like this . 
  saying things like that gets you invaded, 
  the video report is calm and professionally presented without any nonsense , if only more news was presented like this . 
  it was horrible what happened but i am personally getting sick of all the quick action packed censored news from the west and russia alike . 
  thank you for expressing sorrow, 
  ah yes the old korea trick from china, 
  wealth encourages immigration, 
  seems only fair that the us takes in most refugees , the rise of is is basically still fallout from the iraq war . 
  if everyone closes their border then the border country are doomed . 
  it wo n't solve anything . 
  i know a lot of countrys would love to do that but if you allow that it wo n't stop at the refugees . 
  most westeren european counrtys have a right wing that would love to kick out all the slavic people and muslims . 
  and yes they need resettlement , the conflict has been going for years and is n't really going to resolve anytime soon . 
  so just expect them to stay put in camps is not ging to work out . 
  people need to be able to feel usefull instead of helpless . 
  if they do n't they might chose a criminal career or decide to provoke . 
  the problem will only grow larger that way . 
  yes that would be good but that is a seperate issue , they are here now already and more are coming camps or not . 
  problem with turkey is that the refugees are allowed in but legally not allowed to have a job . 
  having camps in turkey only postpones the problem . 
  they need places to live , work , feel safe and build up a settled life . 
  the issue is still that we have a union with open borders that agreed to help refugees . 
  but without other countrys sharing the load the border country 's ( and most of these are already in financial problems like greece , spain and italy ) will need to use what little they have to take in almost all of them . 
  that would be the real suicide . 
  well sharing the load and showing a little humanity and faith in one of the founding principles of the eu would n't hurt . 
  article 18 - right to asylum eu charter of fundamental rights the right to asylum shall be guaranteed with due respect for the rules of the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the treaty on european union and the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  ( hereinafter referred to as `` the treaties '' ) . 
  so if you are a member , you agreed . 
  all the eu members agreed to offer asylum for those in need regardless off ethnicity and religion . 
  we all agreed on this , we are all in this together , so pull your weight . 
  well you are not as groot as you used to be, 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  look up the raid of the medway, 
  the team works evidence based , not `` we know '' based . 
  i personally think they did a amazing job figuring all this out with russia actively working against them every step . 
  we want you to join us instead of the uk, 
  nothing yet , they said it will go in a step by step analysis . 
  the next stap is researching who of the 100 people who were involved can be pointed out as suspects and if there was an hierarchy that gave the order . 
  well they did , many of the journalists there were loud mouthed russians . 
  rt went at it hard there condemming them for `` ignoring '' russian help . 
  so were nigel and boris, 
  small but dangerous , we should n't let these large quantitys of british refugees get iriah pasports . 
  if even it 's one in a thousand that would still be enough brits to doom poland ! ^ / s, 
  take that finland !, 
  stronk is not banned, 
  we understand eachother , 
  seems to apply to russian fighter planes too, 
  the best defence is helping the invader attack norway so they skip you :p, 
  im pretty sure they are within the striking distance of the defencive army . 
  its not like the need the cross the whole of europe, 
  we are one of the few countrys that knows what its doing when fighting the water , after the flood there will only be holland, 
  that euro development money, 
  ye that sounds like the british, 
  electric metro tracks, 
  and water is wet,
