  suck it sweden, 
  so how does the eu exactly take away your culture ? 
  dutchman here : i love germany , passionately hate them during football and love having germand over for a drink . 
  i have a lot of respect merkel and her decisions . 
  you should know that this sub is a lot more rightwinged than most european subs . 
  individual subs like r/thenetherlands and r/poland are a lot more nuanced . 
  the comments you find there would be downvoted to hell in r/europe . 
  [ denmark : its the netherlands , but somewhere else ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjj1jcaffcm ), 
  in tomorrows news : 6 turks got arrested in russia . 
  ^ took the bait, 
  `` sympathy '' would have been a better replacement of prayer i think, 
  well cheddar tastes like plastic so they have a motive, 
  netherlands has the same, 
  ah this is going to make the planned winter invasion of this century much easier, 
  this need the misleading flair, 
  what a conveniently timed `` we do n't need the eu '' argument , and that without giving scotland the one as well . 
  bravo independent.co.uk, 
  flair checks out, 
  a lot of ukranians saw the nazi 's as liberators from the sovjets in the second world war . 
  ( stalin want to nice to the etnic ukranians ) i would n't be suprised if there is still fashist sentiment . 
  edit : source bbc ww2 in color, 
  * grabs popcorn, 
  no that is wunter slaush, 
  post this to r/polandball, 
  how do you know you are in the netherlands ? 
  they hang their toilet paper out to dry . 
  how many children does a man from belgium have ? 
  3 in total . 
  one in his basement and two on camera . 
  france is a beautiful country it 's just to bad the french live there - dutch proverb a new roadsigns just got introduced in belgium : `` end of the roundabout '' why does a dutch man moan while cumming ? 
  because it needs to come out of his own sack ( wallet in translation ) after numeral incidents the milk cartons in belgium now say `` open at home '' instead of `` open here '' what is a marrokkan triatlon ? 
  walking to the swimming pool and cycling back home . 
  good way to get to know people as you also introduce yourself to everyone you dont know by name, 
  the netherlands also does this, 
  at a birthday the dutch congratulate everybody in the room . 
  example : congrafulations with your brother , congratulations with your father , congratulations with your friend etc etc until you have shaken all the hands of the man and kissed all the girls 3 times on the cheeks, 
  in the good old days the brits could still hold their liquor . 
  most countries have very different celebration foods . 
  it 's not just the uk that 's different . 
  probably just what you wanted to see in it, 
  traditionally the dutch families come together and start the ritual of gourmet . 
  everyone has there own little frying pan and used it to make pancakes , fry meat , vegetables and other small fryable thing they get from the middle of the table, 
  the netherlands calls santana clause the cristmas man but he is not the gift bringer . 
  that is sinterklaas , a holy man . 
  saint nicolas and cristmas are still seperated holidays here, 
  saint nicolas eve and cristmas are n't mached together in the netherlands, 
  saint nicolas is the largest in the netherlands , celebrated weeks before cristmas, 
  i would like the eu to become less effected by us or russian influence and really stand for its own principles . 
  fuck things like ttip and russia financing extremist groups, 
  it 's fine you have tanks now, 
  so why not put them there ? 
  are there no homeless shelters in spain ? 
  a brit opposed to the brexit ? 
  have n't seen that before on the sub, 
  one quick remark : please do not call it the united states of europe . 
  the european federation sounds much better, 
  expressing agreement, 
  so what needs to change ? 
  good, 
  how conveniently timed, 
  try denmark, 
  the uk has the most needlessly rude people i have ever me , no way i ever want to live there . 
  guess we should save them trough glorious annexation, 
  putin will now liberate your opressed minority, 
  the belgium people do use more spices . 
  there food is better overall . 
  there are no dutch quisines or restaurants and there is a good reason . 
  we traditionallyt eat because it is a necessity . 
  lots of potatoes , veggies and fat . 
  no spices or taste . 
  just the pure practice intake that woud get you trough a cold , windy and raining day, 
  intentional or not , the uk has done a great job at expressing to the world that it does n't want to be in the eu . 
  and with the referendum on its way this comes as anti eu promotion to me . 
  sure he is, 
  the uk pays less per capita than most western european countries . 
  he has nothing more complain . 
  overgressive president/dictator that kills or imprisons criticism . 
  over promotes nationalism . 
  military attacks on neighbors . 
  turkey = russia, 
  god damn amaricans preventing us from bombing romania, 
  i think he means that if your religion recuires you to hate other groups than it is time to pick something else, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igcwes-jl8y ), 
  a smoke and a pancake ? 
  take that sweden, 
  they deserve it , just decide already and stop playing victim, 
  poor turky turns into russia like state, 
  no need of economy if russia has stronk, 
  liberate the opressed minoritys, 
  leaving the eu is n't really and has never been a serious debate in the netherlands . 
  and i do n't see it happening because of england . 
  yes because reasons, 
  non of the terrorsists were refugees , all of them european citizens, 
  yes because poland will definitely be a target, 
  yes the french really nailed the amsterdam atmosphere with he song . 
  especially this part :  in the port of amsterdam there are sailors who drink and they drink and drink again and drink once more they drink to the health of the whores of amsterdam of hamburg or elsewhere , well , let 's just say they drink to whores who give them their pretty bodies who give them their virtue for a piece of gold and when they 're good and drunk , they plant their noses in the sky , blow their noses in the stars , and piss as i cry over unfaithful women in the port of amsterdam in the port of amsterdam, 
  but i love your port < 3, 
  til : every european country claims to drink a lot, 
  why does the us research this , is n't it up to russia or egypt ? 
  so we are already pointing fingers ?
