  in sips ' game dev tycoon series , one of his famous games was a game that was supposed to be intense wizardry , but he spelled it wizardy . 
  counting fingers is not a good method . 
  instead look at your hands and see if they are messed up . 
  but i think that you should stop the finger thing all together . 
  try doing the reality check where you pinch your nose and try to breath in , if you do , you are dreaming . 
  first i write , where i was . 
  then i write who was there with me . 
  then if i go lucid , i write what made me go lucid . 
  then i write a short summary on what was happening . 
  then i write out strange or important objects or parts . 
  i live near berks too !, 
  you are kidding , stupid commie . 
  obviously america was its own country during the reconquista and saved everyone from those evil commie castilian bastards !, 
  well , this was a while ago , so i do n't remember it well , but what happened was , i was at a football ( soccer ) game and i walked up to my mother . 
  she then pulled a baby from under her , because she was sitting on it . 
  she told me it was my new brother . 
  i then started getting chased by ware wolfs . 
  yeah that happens to me very frequently , but i still do a reality check just to be sure i do n't kill myself, 
  i know , i created it when someone made a post and someone linked that subreddit . 
  look , sleep paralysis is only as bad as you make it . 
  if you believe that sp is horrible , it will be horrible . 
  but if you believe that there will be rainbows and stuff like that , there will be rainbows and stuff like that . 
  and also sp is n't that common . 
  genius , that is genius, 
  those facebook comments are disgusting . 
  a good thing you can do is think about lucid dreaming before you go to bed , so it will be on your mind while you sleep . 
  if you do that you may get a lucid dream . 
  just expect that there will be lucidity pills in your pocket , and then they will appear, 
  this is how i had my first lucid dreams , but now it does n't happen much . 
  yeah that has happened to me , and i know the person , i had the dream last night , so i have n't asked her about it yet . 
  / r/tech, 
  you do n't really need to watch a tutorial per say , just watching a bunch of videos in a lets play helps a lot . 
  if you are playing multi player you can do it to help your friends . 
  i would like to apply for moderator . 
  i do n't know that much css but i do know how to moderate well . 
  i have been a moderator for a few forums so i have some experience . 
  also i know loads of interesting facts , so i could post a lot of things on the sub so it will look active . 
  i would like to be a mod for this subreddit . 
  i do n't have much experience with css but i have been learning how to with a few guides , so i will hopefully get good soon . 
  i really like the concept of the subreddit too , so i could help . 
  there are also some places i know that are similar where i could spread the subreddit . 
  wait ... you can do that !, 
  how ? 
  ok thanks !, 
  there are loads of scientific papers that say that they are real, 
  well recently there was some scientific thing about radio frequencies cause lucid dreaming http://www.livescience.com/45520-brain-zaps-trigger-lucid-dreams.html, 
  and why would they do that study if lucid dreaming was n't proven, 
  also sorry thats all i could find but i remember seeing proof somewhere . 
  since when was reddit an american website . 
  it is an international website, 
  not proud of you for not having a flair . 
  flair up !, 
  yep , sent the message to the mods for it . 
  no , its ckii, 
  oh i see the problem . 
  i forgot to click on the show my flair on this subreddit . 
  i am an idiot, 
  when ever someone criticizes me i cry . 
  a lot of people think i am a wimp , but i am not sad i just ca n't help it for some reason . 
  i think he is just role playing , i do n't think he is on a server . 
  more like, 
  [ rip mobile users amirite ?!? 
  rip mobile users amirite ?!? 
  rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!, 
  ? rip mobile users amirite ?!? 
  ] ( #sanic ), 
  merkel-senpai , i. . . think you should flair up !, 
  the assassination of the arch duke caused wwi , but wwi caused wwii . 
  so i guess you could say his assassination did cause wwii , but it did n't start it . 
  try to learn latin . 
  you may think it is a useless language , but if you learn it , it will be a lot easier to learn other european languages , since many are based off of latin . 
  / u/blatantly _ potato, 
  he says he took those pics on his phone , not his camera at the bottom . 
  no , that code is for the sims 2 not sim city 2 . 
  in my longest dream it felt like more than a week . 
  it was a lucid dream , and for a bit i thought i would never wake up . 
  the reason is in the dream i took dream pills which magically appeared in my pocket that made it so the the dream would feel longer . 
  should i join the entente or the central powers ? 
  alright so i will join the entente then . 
  thanks . 
  yeah but you may want to wait a few months when npcs are added . 
  i think they said on the forums you can turn them off in sandbox mode , but i am not sure . 
  thank god , i was going to miss the stream , but now i can watch it !, 
  you need to do the netherlands and make it use tulips as a sword . 
  also have a west african country and make one of it 's attacks ebola . 
  here it is i guess http : / www.heartsofiron4.com/r/be7zhn89q8, 
  also how does this thing work ? 
  there is no such thing as too racist . 
  if you are super offended by things on here leave this subreddit, 
  sorry , not what i meant , i meant is if anyone gets offended by something here they should leave . 
  so you can be as offensive as you want, 
  yeah pretty much .
