my name is adam . 
  when i was in school , and the science teacher talked about atoms , i would hear someone say `` i never knew you were the smallest thing ever . '', 
  and all kinds of shit like that . 
  and i am extremely short and small , which made that joke even more frequent . 
  also i have heard the jokes about `` where is eve ? '', 
  rita 's water ice is the best !, 
  ( you a fellow pennsylvanian ? ), 
  are you doubting this $ 100 % true story ? 
  it has einstein in it , which is a sign of a honesty !, 
  great story !, 
  i really like the end !, 
  this looks interesting , but i wo n't buy this until it gets reviews and stuff , i do n't wa n't another lucid mask let down . 
  that really depends on control , if you have good control in lucid dreams , they are the most fun things ever !, 
  pinch your nose and breathe in !, 
  that reality check works 100 % of the time , and you can do it anywhere !, 
  actually ... 
  yes !, 
  if you just spend all day sleeping , you will actually get fat . 
  in order of story . 
  since there is 2 parallel series , it gets confusing . 
  but here is a list of what order i think you should read them in . 
  enders game  speaker of the dead  xenocide  children of the mind  enders shadow  shadow of the hegemon  shadow puppets  shadow of the giant, 
  filled it out . 
  your welcome . 
  what is up with you and carrots ... almost all your / r/thathappened posts are about carrots . 
  so i will appropriately tag you `` carrot guy '', 
  um ... what ... the ... fuck . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  you will go to jail you heartless shit . 
  thanks to reddit i became euphoric . 
  not because of any phony god 's blessing . 
  but because , i am enlightened by my intelligence . 
  * tips le fedora *, 
  why ask this , everyone is just going to say * `` dae le tom cruise '' *, 
  so you are asking people who kill them self ... 
  i killed myself last month , and the month before . 
  my reddit user name is nyan_cat ... duh !, 
  wow , that is a nice world , have you ever thought about joining the yogscast server ? 
  it was a lucid dream ( means i knew i was in a dream , and controlled it . 
  for more info look at / r/luciddreaming ) . 
  i walked down stairs , and told my brother . 
  `` i am in a dream ! '', 
  then he started asking if a dream is tetris . 
  i then walked away . 
  with my extra dream sense , i saw my friend from school crying , while in my kitchen . 
  i then jumped out my window , trying to fly , i then fell on my face and woke up, 
   first , i 've never been able to dream . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i do n't remember them , or i just do n't dream . 
  you can dream , you just forget them . 
  try keeping a journal to write down dreams , and you will remember them much better . 
  great video !, 
  i am a long minecraft player , and i still learned something new . 
  i would never have guessed that wheat row thing . 
  since you are dying i should call an ambulance but omg i ca n't !, 
  a man named steven laberge has already proved lucid dreaming . 
  just show him an article about his work proving it , and he should believe . 
  i recommend xposting this to / r/armedbirds, 
  first off , you could try verbal commands . 
  try shouting `` this dream will be very long ! '', 
  also if you learn telekineses , you can save time , by not picking stuff up . 
  well , you said to stop dabbling with lucid dreaming.but here is the problem . 
  a lot of lucid dreamers get sleep paralysis on purpose , in order to induce a lucid dream , so you may want to put that into thought . 
   despite the fact that i 'm aware i am in a dream , i ca n't do everything i imagine , i have those weird limitations ... 
  the reason this is happening is because you need to believe . 
  just believe that you can do something , and believe that there is no limitations in dreams , just think you can do anything . 
   i only lucid dream for a few days in a row after not having smoked weed for a while ... 
  weed has an effect on dreaming . 
  it messes up with your rem sleep , so you wo n't have many dreams . 
  so if you want more lucid dreams , every once and a while , do n't smoke any weed for about a week . 
   can you actually suffer negative physical consequences from intense pain in your dream ... 
  no , as the pain is just like a simulation in your mind , so it ca n't physically harm you . 
  i am a long time lucid dreamer , but i have never heard of the `` cawild '' method . 
  can you please give a link on the method ? 
  thanks , interesting read . 
  i will probably try this out . 
   as soon as i try the nose blow, 
  i see the problem !, 
  pinch your nose and breathe in not out . 
  thats really cool , if you publish it , please do tell . 
  can you link it ? 
  i really love the colour of qing . 
   is it possible to dream in original environment just like in real life and if it is , how to achieve that ? 
  there is a few ways to do this . 
  first , do n't try to make the environment . 
  instead , try going to it . 
  if that does n't work , use your control to change the things that are wrong . 
  another way to get a certain environment it to do a thing called `` dream scaping '' where you visualize a place as you fall to sleep . 
   how to maintain in dream when having sex ? 
  the reason you wake up because of that is because you think that you will wake up when it happens , because you have heard stories of it happening . 
  if you think something will happen in a lucid dream , chances are it will happen . 
  all you have to do is believe that sex wo n't wake you up . 
  here , made it for you . 
  yeah , go to his profile and hit + friend . 
  then at the top there will be a friends tab of what your friends posted . 
  i own one and they are tough to learn but they are great . 
  well one way is to do something called dreamscaping , where you visualize something before you go to sleep ( in this case some place scary . ), 
  and you will most likely end up in a dream in that location . 
  zeeland is a place in the netherlands though . 
  so it really is just new `` some place i miss '', 
  edit : changed holland to netherlands,
