  germany , just listening to the radio news : - pirate party conference in preparation for federal elections - pharmaceuticals were tested on unsuspecting hospital patients in the gdr and lead to deaths - f1 race today ( go , seb ! ), 
  edit : formatting, 
   apparently i sound kinda swiss , which i do n't get . 
  i guess they think that since i sound foreign and they ca n't place it , it 's probably some obscure mountain or valley accent . 
  i lost my `` really german '' accent a while ago , and then lived with aussies for a few years in london . 
  ended up with a bit of a weird sounding accent - not german , but not english either . 
  so people would always categorise me as south african . 
  i knew that , but i have always wondered why that is . 
  do you have any idea ? 
  wow , really ? 
  i knew the croatian word itself , but not the meaning behind . 
  thanks !, 
  i mean that it can be a much easier connection to make between deutsch and teutonisch than to some dubious old word , hardly anyone has ever heard of . 
  it 's not really such a big jump , though , is n't it ? 
  ok - thanks . 
  did n't know that . 
  have an upvote . 
  `` deutsch '' and `` german '' can be traced back to the same old german root , really . 
  as for `` alemanha '' , or the spanish version , to my knowledge : there was acutally a tribe by this name - [ allemannen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alamanni ) . 
  also , in the region of germany that borders on switzerland in the south and france in the west ( roughly ) they speak a dialect to this day that is called `` allemannisch '' . 
  anecdote time : many years ago , i went to bosnia for a wedding . 
  they call us `` svabicas '' ( sp ? ) --  swabians . 
  again , another tribe . 
  edit : found link for proof, 
  welll , for the german speaking part of belgium , that only changed after the 1st world war - they used to be part of prussia . 
  austria was initially part of `` germany '' - well , one of the preceding constructs anyway . 
  bismack made sure that they would not be part of the unification of germany . 
  as for switzerland - that 's a bit of a different [ story ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland#history ) . 
  but only a bit ... :-) in a way , the same goes here : used to be a loose-ish collection of independent entities , then formed a state together . 
  ( i do n't know very much about swiss history ... ), 
  deutschland - land der deutschen ( land of the germans ) . 
  it 's not from `` teutonic '' , but instead comes from `` diutisc '' which is old high german . 
  it means `` belonging to the same people/speaking the same language '' . 
  this is really quite funny , because really - germany as it exists now came about by people speaking the same language forming a state . 
  before 1871 , there were a bunch of really distinct states that shared a language but sometimes little else . 
  in many ways , being german was a cultural/language thing first , before it became a nationality . 
  well , we had about 20-25cms of snow in parts of germany ( from monday late night to yesterday ) . 
  that 'll do it , usually . 
  trains were still running , but with delays . 
  but the airport had to close for a few hours . 
  and the roads were absolute havoc from what i saw/heard on the news . 
  any other winter , for the first 3 days after it snows , it gets a bit crazy - seems like people are so fascinated by that white stuff coming from the sky that they forget how to drive . 
  for airports to shut and/or trains to stop completely , it takes anywhere over 15cms of snow in one go , usually . 
  hey , you know what they say : trying the same thing over and over and expecting a diffferent outcome ... ;-), 
  do n't worry - we 'll be gentle . 
  i agree !, 
  but then : does n't it fit very nicely into this whole saga ? 
  i 'm really looking forward to his arguments to defeat the air berlin legal action . 
  or maybe he is a mole , trying to make sure they get the maximum payout by becoming the opposition !, 
  apparently , yes . 
  :-) and the bloody-mindedness with which they are pushed through regardless keeps on astonishing me . 
  stuttgart 21 in particular . 
  the persistent argument that `` we followed the proper process '' when it started , does n't mean that it 's stil a good idea now . 
  you 're not alone ... :-) bloody embarassing !, 
  i was actually talking to someone about this today , and honestly , there are a few of those things going on over here . 
  the [ elbphilharmonie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elbphilharmonie ) in hamburg and [ stuttgart 21 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuttgart_21 ) are other examples of prime german fuck-ups going on right now . 
  but ber really takes the cake ... 
  as they come to mind - berlin airport ( again ) ; the guy who used to run the train company , then took over the second largest airline and sued the airport people for fucking up and costing the airline a lot of money is now taking over management of the airport to get it open at some point before 2020 ( yes , it is as ridiculous as it sounds ) . 
  opposition gearing up for election in autumn . . 
  it will snow tomorrow ( hiiiiide !!! ) . 
  probably lots more , but i was out all day . 
  same as everywhere else , i suppose ... interestingly , most of the main parties are actually for marriage equality ( social democrats , the green party , the liberals ) - but the main party , the christian democrats are having a bit of struggle . 
  they had a party conference not too long ago , where they decided against marriage equality . 
  but now , due to the constitutional court 's decision on adoption , there are people asking for a revision of the decision . 
  problem is : the christan democrats have a very ~ ~ conversvative ~ ~ conservative bavarian branch ( csu ) , that are pretty vehemently against it . 
  personally , i think they will reverse their position : societal pressure is mostly against them . 
  but basically , they are afraid to lose their core voting base . 
  edit : typo, 
  oh , yeah , forgot that one . 
  and today , apparently , justin timberlake doing an elvis impersonation ? 
  i 'll jump in with my view , even if your question was directed to cartrodus , if i may . 
  i like the idea of having the council be directly elected . 
  based on the current workings of the eu , this does not necessarily mean a further transfer of sovereignty . 
  instead , it would make a large decision making body that already exists electable instead of appointed and thus the population would have a more direct influence on the decisions being made in the first place . 
  the sphere of their decision making does not change , only their mandate . 
  ummm ...  the president 's speech on europe, 
   amen . 
  too right . 
  i 've got to say , i was rather surprised and quite a bit proud of mummy dearest for having come this far . 
   so much snow in februar really ? 
  i work in tourism and we all know what there is always snow at itb - and that 's in march . 
  :-) re : gay rights - it 's interesting ... 
  i had a conversation with my mother and her husband just this morning . 
  one of my oldest friends from school came out about 15 years ago . 
  and i distinctly remember both my parents being a ) surprised and b ) not knowing what to say/do . 
  i do n't think either one had really known an out person before that ( and let 's disregard the village rumours and the sniggering for the sake of the story ) . 
  my father cracked inappropriate `` jokes '' and my mother just kind of ignored it ( which , at that time and place was pretty `` liberal '' of her ) . 
  so this morning , there 's a report on the radio about the debate in the `` c '' - parties and i say : `` well , about time they come around . '', 
  and my mother and her hubby , are like `` yeah , right ?!, 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  people should be able to marry whoever they want '' . 
  dear oh dear , how times have changed . 
  and for how much the better ( at least in that regard ... ) . 
  i heard a long report on the radio earlier about how his figures might look good right now , but he will probably not get in as pm again because his oponnents will band together . 
  how likely do you think that is ? 
  and secondary to that : will that mean going back to the times when italy changed it 's government like other people change their socks ? 
  i had a conversation with some of my italian colleagues recently , and they seemed almost in despair about the fact that so many of their contrymen and - women would vote for him again ... 
  in no particular order : gay rights , generally gearing up for the elections in autumn , the right ( one of their leaders just died , funding for a `` party '' cut off , horse meat , stuttgart 21 ( again ) , and the weather ( woah , snow in winter !, 
  ) , the president 's speech on europe , italian elections . 
  oh : germany .
