i loved the bridge over the drina !, 
  i read it upon the recommendation of a bosnian friend while the war was going on . 
  he said at the time that this book would explain to me where all the tensions were coming from , and he was right . 
  i think the main difference , in my experience , is * where * these memorials are : in germany , in most villages i know , they will be found in the graveyard , often as a wall , or maybe by the church , whereas in england ( do n't know about scotland and wales ) they are placed in the middle of the village square , right in the town centre . 
  which , to my mind , does change the connotation a little bit . 
  true . 
  i had 20 more in mind as i was typing , but those 2 are the first that sprang into my head . 
  oh , nothing wrong as such - i still buy their stuff after all . 
  :-) but donnie 's voice was so unusual and clear that it really makes the song for me . 
   loch lomond - runrig but only as sung by donnie munro !, 
  amazing voice , that bloke . 
  yeah , i know a few people who feel the same . 
  and i get it - the scots and welsh have their own , too ( not sure about the n. 
  irish ? 
  ) , and they are whoppers !, 
  :-) would certainly be a good choice , as everyone seems to know the words already . 
  i 'm not even british , but that 's one of the most moving pieces of music i know . 
  i think it depends on the period a little bit . 
  beethoven 's [ `` ode an die freude '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xyjz9t4u64 ) immediately comes to mind . 
  i get the shivers , everytime . 
  i find schiller 's poem quite moving on its own , but mr. b 's music gives it some serious kick . 
  and for a huge time and style jump , but remaining in a similar vein , [ `` freiheit '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=k7am4vpvahc#t=21 ) by marius m\u00fcller-westernhagen has a similar effect . 
  interesting view of history . 
  can you please quote a source for the claim that  ww1 ( sic ) was caused by the failure to enforce versailles , not by the peace terms themselves . 
  or maybe elaborate how you came to that interpretation ? 
   die bahn is generally hated here i 've lived in the uk - i love the good old bahn , and i do use it a lot . 
  i think the issue is that we expect everything to always go smoothly at all times . 
  there are schedules , after all ! / s and yes , i do get annoyed at a 10 min delay , too . 
  but when i 'm using the trains in england , i 'm surprised if it 's on time . 
  :-) that 's basically the main difference : expectation . 
   why it makes me so uncomfortable you 're not alone there !, 
  it seems to me that on here , it 's either `` literally hitler '' or `` oh , he was n't so bad '' . 
  i have a hard time not responding to both kinds all the time . 
  as for rommel - that 's an interesting one . 
  my grandfather served under him in africa for a while and adored the man . 
  and i 'm currently listening to churchill 's wwii memories as an audiobook , and was surprised by his praise for rommel . 
  kind of weird , but he made a distinction between the military genius and the political figure . 
  for me , he 's just another example of the corruption ( the moral kind ) that was prevalent in the country at the time . 
  good for him that he came to his senses in the end . 
  bugger , got me !, 
  and to add insult to injury : `` irland '' is german for `` ireland '' . 
  i think i 'll just leave now ... 
  na mate , that 's cause you think your island is [ here ] ( http://regmedia.co.uk/2005/04/29/google_world_map.gif ) . 
  :-) sneak edit ... s for r, 
  just you wait and see . 
  this time , we 'll be knocking on wales 's door before you know it . 
  as i have said to my mates many a time : we tried twice by force and failed . 
  third time 's the charm , though , and this time we 'll use money . 
  i can understand that . 
  last time i was in ireland was a year ago and only in dublin . 
  but i did get a different sense than in the uk , at least , in terms of `` being european '' . 
  maybe it 's just me , though, 
  from experience , it works with gernans and brits and irish , too . 
  so here 's to alcohol ; the great european unifier !, 
  yes , i seem to ( vaguely ) remember some of that being involved ... :-), 
  i 've met some finns . 
  they 're only quiet for so long ... :-), 
  i 'm with you about the `` cold war mindset '' ... 
  however , i concur that the world is different ( thank goodness ) . 
  on your second map , though , i 'd have germany still part of western europe , and the baltic states , for me , are more `` northern '' , than `` eastern '' for some reason . 
  and the uk is the uk . 
  there 's a reason why the brits use `` europe '' like they do n't belong . 
   the rise in euroscepticism personified by ukip . 
  well , we 've now got our own eurosceptic party , which recently declared that they will try to enter into the federal elections . 
  the interesting thing is that to be pro-european is kind of the default position of all main stream political parties on the spectrum . 
  so it 'll be interesting to see how this new party , which is on the more conservative end , will influence merkel 's christian democrats . 
   forgot to add that ukip is n't that much of a danger to the mainstream political stuff in westminster as most people see ukip as more of a protest vote and generally feel better represented by one of the big two or three parties as ukip appears to be a mostly single issue party having said the above , that 's what i expect here , too . 
  what 's interesting is that in the most recent set of regional/state elections , the protest party was the pirates - and they are coming form the left . 
  oh , yes , i remember that debate about le pen in your last elections . 
  my impression of her is that she is scarier than her father because she presents a much more polished front . 
  le pen senior always seemed to me to more easily `` dismissable '' when he started shouting . 
   is anti-liberal ... . 
  if there is no massive reason to ban something it should n't be . 
  oh , ok - so it 's more about over-regulation in general ? 
  i would tend to agree in part , but not necessarily about guns ( in my view , drugs should be legalised , tbh ) . 
  but i 'm sure we can agree to disagree . 
  :-) as for the argument re : violent resistance : i 'm not so sure about that . 
  have you got any sort of study/proof for that ? 
  i can see where you are coming from , and the only argument i have for my weaponless argument is that has indeed worked before - but nevertheless , i 'd like to know more about where your assumption comes from . 
   personally , i wish we had more permiting gun laws . 
  why ? 
  i 'm german , too , and i really do n't think guns of any kind are necessary unless you 're a hunter or a sports shooter ( and even then they do n't need to be kept in your home , in my opinion ) . 
  i 'd even prefer if the majority of our police were unarmed , similar to the uk . 
  i grew up in the country , my father had a couple of air rifles , but while they were fun to shoot , i never really understood why . 
  now , living in a bit of a dodgy part of a larger city , i still do n't know what i would do with one , even walking home alone at night . 
   only germans are capable of seeing what happens when the state gets too much power and still trusting it . 
  by the same token , are we not also able to see what happens if the civilian population rises up peacefully and overthrows a system that was not afraid to use violence against its populace ? 
  ( i know that the comparison is a bit skewed . ), 
   a lot of this is motivated by the rise of ukip ( a right-wing populist anti-eu party ) , who did well at the local elections last week . 
  the fairly recent rise of ukip really fascinates me . 
  if i remember correctly , they do n't hold a seat in parliament , do they ? 
  are the tories really so scared of being overtaken on the right that they pander to ukip 's views ? 
  my impression of them was always that their only purpose was to get the uk out of the eu , and i always found it rather ironic that farage is an mep ... ; but it seems that they dominate more and more of the public discourse . 
  is that impression correct or are the papers exagerrating ? 
  huh . 
  missed that completely . 
  thanks !, 
  the what now ? 
  :-) must have missed that one . 
  or my radio station is crap ...
