  and trust me , they 're not all racist homophobes . 
  they feel excluded by an elitist class and the establishment and want to tear it down , even if it means voting trump to do it . 
  usa needs to change . 
  and for better or worse , this might force them to do it . 
  i 've no idea . 
  immigration maybe ? 
  foreign investments buying all the properties and pricing first home buyers out of the market ? 
  so ... just give up on it ? 
  and not , you know , actually do it properly next time ? 
  yeah , we 're totally out of the running on this one . 
  give it to spain or portugal . 
  they need a boost . 
  of course . 
  did n't you realise the eu is the root of all evil in the world ? 
  do you not live in ireland ? 
  they 're the third largest party . 
  that 's all well and good if it was just the usa being fucked over by their own stupidity . 
  unfortunately , this would have a huge impact on the rest of the world . 
  so , no . 
  i hope he does n't win . 
  he was joking . 
  how did people not get that ? 
  i think people did n't get that you were joking . 
  have an up vote !, 
  fair point . 
  really though , ireland is so small there 's no need for everything to be in dublin . 
  now that things are picking up we should look at the other cities and encourage investment there and make sure transport links between cities are good ( finish the bloody motorway between cork and limerick ffs ! ), 
  indeed . 
  such a quick and remarkable turnaround for ireland . 
  in 5 years we 'll kick czech off the top spot !, 
  ugh , i replied to his post without looking at history . 
  makes total sense now . 
  if that 's what you believe , i see why your lot voted leave . 
  the wilful ignorance and vocal support for misinformation is unbelievable . 
  eu will be better off in the long run without you . 
  if only we could take the 48 % with us when you go ... 
  i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  some of the worst culprits for racism i 've met were quite well off . 
  and it was sickening . 
  i heard a ceo describe black people as ` filthy riff raff ' when i worked in london . 
  that air of compete and utter superiority . 
  racism transcends class in my experience . 
  agreed . 
  and maybe a smidgen of racism . 
  and a teaspoon of lies from politicians . 
  haha, 
  this is gold . 
  hmmm . 
  good point . 
  not sure to be honest . 
  i think it 's because they want to preserve the georgian architecture/look and modern high rise builds will take away from that . 
  agreed, 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  most countries get a ripping at some point . 
  as an irishman , we 've had our fair share over the years ( recession , bailout , apple tax etc ) . 
  and rightly so . 
  if you 're being stupid , you should be called out on it . 
  brexit is probably one of the biggest ` fuck you 's ' to the eu though and voted for by the majority of the british public , not the government . 
  so yeah , you deserve the backlash at the moment to be honest . 
  agreed, 
  no thanks . 
  i really like england and the rest if the uk . 
  but we 'd be deluding ourselves if we thought we 'd be any more than an afterthought as part of the uk . 
  you crazy norway . 
  that 's basically full employment . 
  well done \u263a, 
  not once mentioned ` feels ' . 
  are you having a seizure or something ? 
  anyway , done conversing with you now . 
  the problem is that ireland and other smaller eu countries can not compete with highly developed economies like germany if we all have the same tax rate . 
  germany , france etc have far better infrastructure , bigger workforce and have had far more time to build up their countries . 
  how could we compete ? 
  why would a corporation pick ireland over germany to invest if not for the benefit of lower tax . 
  this does n't excuse the apple issue but does make a case for the lower tax rate we have in ireland ( 12.5 % ) . 
  i do n't have the answers and am very far from an expert however ... 
  so , years of benefit and support from the eu should just be thrown away because of a dodgy deal with apple ? 
  i 'm sure there 's a more sensible outcome than that . 
  and you 've contradicted yourself anyway . 
  if we leave we have no access to market . 
  therefore multinationals have no use for us and will use another country to get access . 
  look , i agree with you . 
  the apple situation is rediculous . 
  no company should get a preferential deal like that and basically pay no tax . 
  i 'm glad it 's being dealt with by eu . 
  there 's no need to fine the country involved . 
  there 's been so much austerity and financial pain in recent years , more burden on us will be too much and start to foster resentment towards the eu , which we do n't want to happen . 
  agreed . 
  a system that ensures a fair share of investment across the eu would be needed if we were to have a uniform tax rate . 
  as it is now , if we had to change our tax rate we would be ruined . 
  i doubt it . 
  we like being part of the eu for the most part and it has been good to us . 
  unlike the uk , i think we 'll stick around and help to fix the problems . 
  just saw your austria tag so picked that country . 
  nothing against austria . 
  beautiful country . 
  my point is that we 're allowed to express displeasure at eu if we want . 
  just because we benefitted from it does not mean we 're now excluded from pointing out any issues . 
  though yes , this apple favouritism and tax avoidance should be dealt with and i 'm glad of the eu ruling to be honest . 
  however , our base tax rate is our right to set . 
  just like you can set yours .
