  haha same . 
  ireland numba one on the west side !, 
  troll elsewhere . 
  not sure about these numbers or their data collection method . 
  irish man here . 
  raised catholic . 
  no longer the case ( now atheist ) but i 'm not allowed to leave the catholic church . 
  do i still count in these figures ? 
  not sure . 
  i guess projects funded by the eu would have started years ago and that funding locked in . 
  in meantime irelands economy is doing well again so we 're contributing more to eu budget . 
  but really , i 've no idea . 
  i think she 's great and enjoy listening to her speak . 
  more than i can say for most other politicians . 
  nice to be on the contributing list after years on the other one . 
  nice progress guys !, 
  however , i actually assumed finland already had this law . 
  irish countryside is so beautiful . 
  you 'll love it . 
  poles are well liked in ireland for the most part . 
  lots of you guys here already and you 've integrated well in my opinion . 
  300 jobs in germany is n't much since your population is something like 80 million . 
  ireland has a population of 4.5 million people . 
  300 jobs introduced to ireland is the equivalent of 5000 + jobs in germany . 
  that 's significant . 
  this pleases me . 
  why is our maths education better though ? 
  thought uk would score higher with this . 
  this is what i was thinking . 
  he 's a right wing religious nut though . 
  so not sure if that 's better than the madman they currently have . 
  i said ` within reason ' . 
  not unlimited . 
  so you would advocate for a trump like ban on certain refugees in europe ? 
  why ca n't we do both ? 
  obviously , within reason of course . 
  i would support further integration of the remaining eu states . 
  get brexit sorted swiftly and move on with improving and strengthening the eu . 
  amusing . 
  good idea for a comedy sketch . 
  to be fair , they voted to stay in the uk with the uk remaining part of eu . 
  not an isolated country in europe . 
  she ca n't just ` call ' a referendum . 
  she needs permission from westminster for it to be officially binding . 
  as is tradition . 
  not happy . 
  we ca n't ever have nice things . 
  exactly . 
  beautiful, 
  you think that would be enough reason for companies to choose ireland over richer and more developed nations like germany ? 
  we 'd be beaten back to poverty very quickly . 
  it wo n't work . 
  a different solution is needed . 
  it was literally very poor 50 years ago . 
  and british for the rest . 
  so i doubt any irish person will want a return to either of those options . 
  an eu exit would be preferable in that scenario . 
  indeed . 
  not sure how the irish economy would function if that was implemented . 
  it 's too small and dependant on multinationals . 
  it would mean another recession as the multinationals all leave for lower tax areas or other eu countries with vastly superior infrastructure . 
  considering their target audience , i 'd say daily repetition for about 12 months . 
  then maybe it will finally sink in . 
  europe uses the icd-10 to classify mental illness . 
  homosexuality has n't been included in this for many decades . 
  i guess the eu does n't really need a ban as you 'd end up breaking other treatment laws also . 
  it really is . 
  i have no idea why they do n't do this . 
  even new builds do n't have proper insulation . 
  no double glazed windows either . 
  beautiful, 
  you really like capital letters to emphasise your points . 
  i bet you 're a delight to converse with . 
  however , you 're not wrong . 
  though to be fair , you 've compared ireland to countries with 10x the population . 
  you 've also compared it to london which is a city with twice the population of the entire country of ireland . 
  of course there is more things to do there . 
  ireland is a small nation . 
  we have no aspirations for dublin to be the next london or paris . 
  we will continue to develop as best we can . 
  in the mean time , the elitists from the mainland can feel free to go somewhere that suits their needs better . 
  free movement and market . 
  nothing stopping you . 
  maybe in 10-20 years we 'll be cool enough for you . 
  manchester 's aright though is n't it ? 
  this is normal enough for ireland . 
  a shuttle bus to pick people up from certain parts of the cities and take them to the business/industrial parks that are usually on the outskirts . 
  they 're decent services and better than normal public transport as they have very limited stops . 
  logical comment . 
  unfortunately the extreme right wing , pro-uk , religious zealots currently in government ( well , propping up the government ) would never allow this . 
  the dup think that this would lead to the north of ireland eventually returning to the rest of the ireland and no longer be part of the uk . 
  ireland is still here , 
  i imagine that these numbers correlate directly with the popularity of heroin in the top countries . 
  most people here are pretty careful of the sun . 
  we dont really sit outside without shade or sunblock . 
  not sure what that means . 
  i live in wa . 
  i 'm a dual citizen . 
  irish born and raised but currently living in australia . 
  australia checking in .
