i believe his question was intended to stimulate friendly discussion . 
  not to be rude or due to a lack of knowledge regarding the topic . 
  majority of our trade is with the rest of the eu . 
  but yes , uk is by far the most important individual country trade wise for us . 
  ireland wo n't leave . 
  we 're way more pro eu than you guys and have seen much benefit from being a member state . 
  that bubble burst a long time ago mate . 
  yes, 
  so sad, 
  exactly, 
  you 've described exactly how i feel about this issue too . 
  we 'll see about that , 
  agreed, 
  ireland is the next stop . 
  vote is in may and every recent poll has had a clear majority in favour . 
  i never once felt unsafe in london after living there years . 
  so what 's the reasoning behind the homophobia ? 
  if not religion , then there really is n't a logical argument against it . 
  not that religion provides logic of course ... 
  lol, 
  so much corruption !, 
  it 's so ridiculous . 
  i can not understand this mentality . 
  just do n't eat the pork if your cult does n't allow it . 
  no need for everyone else not to have it ... 
  i 'd be surprised if that happened in any eu country . 
  agreed completely, 
  one thing i did notice when i lived in london is how overly pc it is . 
  when there was an incident , event , behavior etc with clear links to a certain ethnicity it was completely ignored . 
  i found it really bewildering . 
  any discussion around ethnicity would be in hushed whispers . 
  yes . 
  anecdotal evidence here . 
  i lived in south east london for a few years . 
  lots of afro caribbean people settled there . 
  one of my colleagues who is from west africa said that the 2nd and 3rd generation of migrants are much worse than 1st and that she herself is even afraid of them at times . 
  well spotted . 
  and i also sidestepped the remark on corrupt politicians and dodgy bankers . 
  though to be fair that could be said of any western country lately ... 
   we have the economic black hole of ulster , which is draining billions out of the uk every year because people are too busy bickering about flags rather than doing anything productive and who created that whole mess i wonder ? 
   all enabled by a dumb electorate at the bottom according to the un human development education index , ireland scores higher than the uk . 
  so if we 're dumb , at least we 're not as bad as you guys . 
  well there 's your problem . 
  dublin is very different to the rest of ireland . 
  they do yeah . 
  a good aul bunch of lads !, 
  i think i 'll let it slide as this thread is lovely so far . 
  getting in a lift with a stranger gives me a mini panic attack . 
  genuine life crisis though ? 
  easy as . 
  pint and get the fuck over it . 
  forgot about charlie . 
  have an up vote . 
  the people . 
  some of the nicest people i 've ever met are from the uk . 
  sounds strange , but some of the best nights out i 've ever had have been sitting around in an english pub , drinking , joking and having the witty banter.those super entitled/posh toffs and awful politicians you see on tv ? 
  yeah , that 's not real uk . 
  the humour . 
  british comedy is the best . 
  it 's so clever and witty that i just ca n't get used to other comedy now that almost hits you over the head with the joke . 
  subtle humour is way better . 
  it has also spawned peter f hamilton who is my favourite author ever . 
  agreed, 
  as an irishman , i 'd opt to live in france over the uk or usa also . 
  successful based on what measurements ? 
  well , that 's a first . 
  let me just savour this moment before we 're irrelevant again . 
  with le pen as president ? 
  no thanks . 
  and we should just take his word for that ? 
  being the trustworthy person he is ... 
  series finale . 
  it ends with us all nuked . 
  i 'm right there with you brother . 
  you 're not alone . 
  thank you . 
  very accurate statement . 
  the ignorance i hear spoken from some people is painful . 
  they have no idea how much they stand to lose . 
  fair point . 
  you are correct the it is mostly speculation . 
  though , it seems that bernie would have appealed a lot to the blue collar folk that voted for trump and taken at least some of those votes . 
  again , speculation but a good guess . 
  the polls ( yeah ok polls suck ) all put bernie way ahead of trump in a race but hillary neck and neck . 
  yeah i agree . 
  it 's like people are so sick of the corrupt political landscape ( which clinton represents ) so they feel like voting for something different that will destroy the status quo . 
  even if it ends up damaging the country in the short term . 
  trump is horrific , corrupt and narcissist but he 's certainly not your regular establishment politician . 
  yeah totally . 
  i 'm not at all supportive of him . 
  he 's horrendous !, 
  but i can see why certain demographics support him and look past his flaws ( or refuse to acknowledge them ) as he 's not the typical establishment politician . 
  they 're still your countrymen . 
  you should look at why they feel this way . 
  it 's reflective of your society . 
  things need to change so people do n't feel so marginalised that they end up taking extreme positions like this . 
  this happens everywhere where there is a big gap between rich and poor and people do n't value their society , as they do n't feel part of it . 
  edit : to add , you also pushed forward one of the worst establishment politicians ever to compete and passed a golden opportunity to nominate someone who would have steamrolled trump and been a great president ( bernie ) . 
  very well said . 
  there 's a reason people voted for trump .
