  as an irishman i agree . 
  it is rediculous . 
  i ( and probably most of my countrymen ) did n't realise such preferential treatment was being given to specific companies . 
  in my naivety and ignorance i assumed they all paid the standard rate of 12.5 % . 
  i 'm irish . 
  do n't speak for me . 
  so what ? 
  shut up , bend over and take it up the ass from austria ? 
  no thanks . 
  we have a voice in the eu just like you and will use it . 
  and we will whine as much as the uk if we want to . 
  ( on a side note , i actually like that the eu is cracking down on rediculous taxation like this ), 
  an eu wide corporate tax rate would kill off any chance of smaller , less developed economies competing with the bigger and more advanced ones . 
  what other reason would a corporation have to invest in ireland over say , germany ? 
  smaller workforce , not connected to mainland , less developed infrastructure etc. 
  how would we compete ? 
  this would end up in more countries leaving the eu . 
  ok then . 
  push us into another recession and subsequent bailout . 
  because that 's nice for all of the eu is n't it ? 
  agreed . 
  definitely france for me . 
  i like listening to indian people speaking and just casually switching in and out of english mid sentence . 
  i often forget many of them are fluent english speakers culturally . 
  that hurt man, 
  yes . 
  but we speak english . 
  donegal in ireland . 
  cornwall in england . 
  wales in general . 
  apparently that 's english they 're speaking too though you 'd be hard pressed to understand it \u263a, 
  we are in the anglosphere . 
  you were right . 
  agreed . 
  english is so widely spoken ( at all levels ) so english speakers are used to it being spoken poorly and do n't really mind . 
  i speak a little french and i swear sometimes french speakers pretend they do n't understand me because my pronunciation or sentence structure is slightly off . 
  so what if i put the pronoun in the wrong place !, 
  ugh ... you know what i meant !, 
  48 % voted to remain in eu ( rightfully so imo ) . 
  i would do exactly the same thing in their position . 
  you need at least 1 grandparent to have been born in ireland . 
  uk requires you to have 1 parent to apply for citizenship there . 
  wow that 's great news . 
  thanks for that link . 
  because that 's the way the eu works . 
  ireland was one of the poorest western european countries for a long time . 
  yes the growth is huge , but we had a lot of room to grow to begin with . 
  it will eventually even out and we will become a net donor ( hopefully ) . 
  hardly . 
  we are recovering from nearly being sunk economically . 
  i 'm not surprised there 's readjustment growth now . 
  most of the russian population live in europe . 
  seems like they qualify to me . 
  the english have that reputation i believe ( though i 've never seen it to be honest ) . 
  not us . 
  though there 's always a very few idiots that ruin the fun for everyone . 
  kek, 
  perspective . 
  agreed, 
  haha, 
  i disagree with you but love your user name . 
  so i wo n't downvote , 
  unfortunately we just get dragged along usually . 
  my sister has just moved to poland ( we 're irish ) and has fallen in love with warsaw . 
  i really do n't think that all foreigners think negatively of poland and that you 've just had a bad experience with a certain group . 
  many of my family have since visited poland and traveled around somewhat and really enjoyed it there . 
  interesting . 
  it feels like a lot of poles in ireland made a permanent move . 
  there 's many kids in our schools now with polish names but very strong irish accents that have clearly been raised here . 
  it 's cool . 
  poles have integrated well in ireland , i feel . 
  for now . 
  still no abortion allowed in ireland . 
  that might change in the near future . 
  nope . 
  those balls are round . 
  i think it 's supposed to be a rugby ball . 
  this has been trolling this thread with a lot of anti irish bullshit . 
  it 's not just the ira , to be fair . 
  the loyalist paramilitaries in the north killed just as many . 
  these people will be factored into these figures . 
  fucking well said . 
  indeed . 
  it 's so pervasive in their society . 
  boasting about colonial conquests . 
  yes , sure , great achievement . 
  well done . 
  it 's still fucked up . 
  i disagree but wo n't down vote as it 's complicated with him . 
  i 'm irish . 
  had a big chat with a load of northern mates recently all with different views on him . 
  some sharing your view , others not so much . 
  the whole situation was incredibly messy and complicated . 
  let 's hope brexit does n't fuel a return to that with a hard border . 
  though i really think that wo n't happen . 
  we also have separation of church and state ( mostly ) . 
  but the catholic church no longer allows you to remove yourself from their register . 
  they are doing this as they say the registers are historical documents . 
  up until a few years ago you could officially remove yourself . 
  then lots of people started doing it so they stopped allowing it .
