  i 'm taking foca9 's side that the opposite is at least just as true based on anti-european rhetoric of the leaver movement and 9/10 pro-brexit comments across reddit . 
  but this , you have a problem with . 
  to summarise how i feel about it , the surprising level of success of a political campaign that relied more than any should on animosity with neighbours , and the arguments of almost every redditor who showed up to argue for it , shows * more * about how brits feel about europeans than commenters on / r/europe complaining that the uk should n't get handouts after leaving shows about how europeans feel about brits . 
  no i do n't think 52 % of the uk is racist . 
  if i thought every leaver was racist i would 've given up talking to them by now . 
  i * am * disappointed by how many there turned out to be , though . 
  hopefully that 's more clear and we can have a more useful discussion now , if you feel so inclined . 
  you 're going to behave as if there have n't been any racist element of the leave group at all ? 
  you can say as much as you like that it 's not a racist decision . 
  but 9/10 leavers i 've seen while watching the debate very closely have been pretty open about not wanting not just refugees but also eastern europeans . 
  you can say it 's just economic not racist but i 've been watching pretty closely and i can tell the difference . 
  in case you were interested , the other 1/10 was somewhere between hyperbole and outright lies about how `` undemocratic '' the eu is . 
  not to punish leaving but to not reward it . 
  why give extra concessions when the uk decides to not play their part ? 
  i 'm absolutely okay with anything norway gets but why do you think the uk should be rewarded with extra ? 
  the vote itself . 
  the aftermath targeted at eu citizens . 
  are you being disingenuous ? 
  i think you can produce a counter argument without asking for an explanation . 
  so you think there should be no aversion to a war which you 're sure to win ? 
  but the eu 's position is clear . 
  the first preference is for the uk to join the eea , which would protect everyone 's residency rights . 
  if the uk does n't , and it has yet to take an official stance on the matter , it just needs to make a different proposal . 
  you 're the one who brought up confirming residency rights . 
  the original commenter was saying that boris put the french citizen in the position of potentially being exported . 
  it 's not about him not confirming their rights but about intentionally putting them in a position where their rights need to be confirmed . 
  the bargaining chip comment came from you saying the eu has to guarantee uk citizens first . 
  which , as an aside , is completely backwards . 
  the eu has , in essence , already made a proposal for that in the form of eea membership . 
  i do n't think anything i said implied that . 
  i 'm sure the eu will , but how could the promise that now when they do n't know anything about how the uk plans to operate post-brexit . 
  they ca n't give that to the uk without knowing what it means or if they would get the same in return . 
  expecting them to would be like telling someone `` i want you to promise to give me that , * then * i 'll think about whether or not i want to give you something in return '', 
  i was n't telling you to fuck off , it was directed at leave politicians saying they 're going to improve relationships with ireland after what they just did . 
  edit : for what it 's worth , probably little , this part was a response to your comment  the supporters of the eu see it as all of europe , embracing collaboration , putting aside our differences and working together for mutual benefit . 
  leaving , whether intended or not , sends the message `` fuck that , we do n't like you guys . 
  we 're gon na look out for number one and number one only ''  and now the government talks about using brexit as a chance to improve relationships with eu countries . 
  and this part was intended as a new , side discussion  ireland came up a few times . 
  funny , ireland never came up when you were thinking about leaving , if you could really call it `` thinking '' . 
  the importance of the eu for the relationship and border between north and south , and the peace process in northern ireland . 
  no one in the debate ever took that into consideration , despite northern ireland supposedly being part of that `` number one '' you 're so concerned about . 
   nope , you throw a huge fucking spanner into the cogs of irish politics , no consultation whatsoever about how we 're going to handle the inevitable fallout , but the leavers go on about improving relationships with your `` very important neighbour '' ireland . 
   off . 
  you 're probably the kind of person who thinks everyone around you an asshole without ever wondering why that might be . 
  yet you seem to expect them to have already received political promises from the eu . 
  the supporters of the eu see it as all of europe , embracing collaboration , putting aside our differences and working together for * mutual * benefit . 
  leaving , whether intended or not , sends the message `` fuck that , we do n't like you guys . 
  we 're gon na look out for number one and number one only '' and now the government talks about using brexit as a chance to * improve * relationships with eu countries . 
  ireland came up a few times . 
  funny , ireland never came up when you were * thinking about * leaving , if you could really call it `` thinking '' . 
  the importance of the eu for the relationship and border between north and south , and the peace process in northern ireland . 
  no one in the debate ever took that into consideration , despite northern ireland supposedly being part of that `` number one '' you 're so concerned about . 
  nope , you throw a huge fucking spanner into the cogs of irish politics , no consultation whatsoever about how we 're going to handle the inevitable fallout , but the leavers go on about * improving relationships * with your `` very important neighbour '' ireland . 
  off . 
  the uk refuses to give anyone any indication of what kind of relationship it wants with the eu . 
  if they said efta , all 's good . 
  if they say they are not going to pursue a deal where they need to accept free movement , a deal can begin to be worked on . 
  how can you expect the other party to agree to their side of a deal when you have n't even arrived at the table ? 
  yes but even in that case you could get belgiumed ( or at least an attempted belgium ), 
  except this should n't be as dangerous as the front lines of war . 
  except boris knows it is , for his career , that is . 
  when i was with a friend in dublin city centre , she met a danish friend and the three of us spoke a little . 
  we introduced ourselves but he had to go pretty quickly . 
  he was lost and asked us if we knew where he needed to go . 
  naturally i pulled out my phone to get a map up , asked him to wait a sec and he asked me `` why are irish people always so nice ? '', 
  i did n't really know what to say so i just made a kind of bemused face . 
  he said no matter what it was he wanted , even if he did n't properly ask , irish people would never let him be without it . 
  that we would always do everything we can to help in any way , and never asked for anything in return . 
  i really did n't know what to say . 
  for me , it was the smallest thing , i would n't even think of it as a favour . 
  i have mobile internet , having a local phone , helping you find your way is no skin off my nose . 
  i had to assume whatever help the guy got off other irish people was more significant . 
  another thing i was told once , this time by a french woman , is that irish people are the only europeans in her experience who will always stop if you say `` excuse me '' , no matter how busy we look . 
  i do n't know how true that is , i have n't travelled all that much so maybe it 's rare , maybe it 's not , but i ca n't imagine ignoring someone if they speak to me . 
  if i 'm really busy i might only give an apologetic nod , but i 'd never just walk passed someone trying to get my attention . 
  it 's just rude . 
  so i guess it 's just little things like that . 
  sorry , i always talk too much . 
  the uk is going to continue giving most of that in exchange for access to the common market . 
  they 'll probably pay more , actually . 
  it 's either that or collapse , tbh . 
  so , probably wo n't hurt that much . 
  that 's why you left 14 years ago . 
  i can see what you mean , though i think it 's funny that in this particular case england and wales , from a certain perspective , forced scotland and northern ireland to `` take back '' their sovereignty together . 
  simply that . 
  all statistics show ni unionists are fewer than ever . 
  yeah , but there 's less of them now . 
  i know , and i know what he meant . 
  but very cheeky of him to make that kind of comment knowing someone did get shot for it only recently . 
  you 're kind of proving our point there , bud . 
  looks like 2016 will lead to irish reunification . 
  just not as immediately as some hoped . 
  except the mp who got shot . 
  it 'll hopefully teach americans not to let their guard down . 
  the economy failing , at least initially , is a well predicted fact . 
  the `` brown people are scary '' arguments which won the day are fear mongering . 
  if all 16 year olds had a say ? 
  i suspect you 're wrong there . 
  young people are far less likely to be fear mongering , isolationist racists . 
  northern ireland , too , was 56 % in favour of remain .
