  the common market . 
  the free trade between eu members . 
  that 's now at stake and will need to be renegotiated . 
  the uk may have to pay a lot to get back in , if they can . 
  also a lot of trust issues . 
  the uk was a more reliable economy for traders when they had the eu to fall back on . 
  thus less trust and less trade . 
  remain european here , i get into the issue a lot with other irish people . 
  to remain in the common market they have to accept eu regulations and pay contributions anyway . 
  by leaving , they change nothing but removing their decision making power , that 's it . 
  that alone should have decided it . 
  northern ireland finishes counting at 440 to 350 ( thousand ) in favour of remain . 
  oh look , it 's someone who thinks they 're `` acting '' like a retard . 
  rumours of a leave from birmingham though . 
  the united kingdom of england and scotland \u2192 the united kingdom of great britain and ( northern ) ireland . 
  i do n't think wales ever really counted . 
  i put quotes in because i was n't talking about their actual religious beliefs . 
  i literally see nothing but the opposite . 
  funny how that works . 
  northern ireland recently became `` majority catholic '' i would n't discount this . 
  london probably accounts for 1/4 of the 11 million remaining votes . 
  some . 
  lewisham and southwark have 600,000 between then . 
  relative to most currencies , yes , but have you compared euro to sterling lately ? 
  absolutely wo n't until the world sees how the economy reacts to a leave . 
  because it 's the only way to follow the result as it 's being counted . 
  nah , they can keep wales . 
  wales is clearly working on dismantling the uk from the inside , anyway . 
  i meant scotland in a united ireland . 
  it 'd be great craic . 
  tbh not likely with most of scotland already counted . 
  though it 's only halfway through the votes now so it 's not impossible . 
  sometimes `` get with the times '' just does n't quite cut it . 
  and scotland too because why not . 
  we 're halfway through the electorate now . 
  partially . 
  it 's not one district . 
  you can zoom here http://www.bbc.com/news/politics/eu_referendum/results, 
  edinburgh just gave remain a little hope , for now . 
  what a margin, 
  i thought you supposedly had no power to change anything ? 
  what happened to the no input argument ? 
  oh , right yeah . 
  almost forgot it was all bullshit . 
  maybe if you were a little less insular we would n't be in this situation . 
  yeah , for example college fees went up ~ 600 % in ireland due to a huge reduction in subsidisation . 
  sounds to me like you 're both right . 
  i was n't claiming you had a problem with their race . 
  just one way of referring to the group of people you do n't want `` imported '' . 
  is it muslims ? 
  then replace `` non-white people '' with muslims . 
  it 's still very true . 
  most muslims in the uk are there thanks to the commonwealth and britain 's colonial past . 
  nothing to do with the eu . 
  well , if i said the vast majority of non-europeans are n't from europe that would n't be news to anyone . 
  you 're talking about the people being `` imported '' , i referred to them as `` non-white people '' . 
  was i mistaken ? 
  were you referring to white people ? 
  sorry , i did n't realise i said they were literally the same thing . 
  of course , there could be no interpretation other than me saying britain is literally setting fire to itself . 
  `` we should n't leave !, 
  change is scaaaryyyy !!, 
  do n't leave me daddy europe ! '', 
  i mean , i do n't want to light myself on fire . 
  does n't mean i 'm afraid of any kind of change , i just do n't predict the change would be favourable . 
  -- for those who did n't catch my reply or the sarcasm in it , this comment does n't say `` brexit is literally suicide '' but rather it 's an analogy to show how you can be against a decision and it does n't mean you 're irrationally afraid of any kind of change . 
  how to have a conversation : 1 . 
  do n't put words in the other person 's mouth and listen to what they actually say . 
  it 's not about being funny or not , it 's about the inability to take a joke . 
  you can retort without complaining about the joke/the person who made it . 
  you know the vast , vast majority of non-white people in the uk are from the commonwealth , right ? 
  are you going to leave the commonwealth too ? 
  i know it 's oxford but there are disagreeing dictionaries with comparable prestige . 
  one of the reasons i care more about the legal definition by which genocide is fought . 
  i do n't care what some random dictionary says the definition of genocide is . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.preventgenocide.org/genocide/officialtext-printerfriendly.htm ) is the important definition of genocide . 
  the internationally accepted legal definition . 
  yeah , that 's a fair stance . 
  thanks for the response . 
  but by definition it does not . 
  genocide is the wiping out of a race . 
  it does n't require murder , by definition . 
  if you thought your position was defensible you would defend it here rather than pm me and call me a bigot , of all things . 
  genocide does n't require direct murder . 
  or murder at all . 
  what about controlled famines ? 
  what if an entire ethnicity was forcibly chemically sterilised . 
  you still would n't call that genocide ? 
  does using the pms to break civility rules after a discussion on / r/europe warrant actions ? 
  i feel like they should and if you want i could send you a screenie of the offending pm but if not i 'll just ignore him . 
  this is a new level of ad hominem . 
  incredible work . 
  let 's forget how trump promised to reintroduce torture and up the cruelty as well as to target the families , including children , of accused terrorists . 
  seems like you 're intolerant of people who are intolerant toward conservatives . 
  how can belgian chocolate be better if belgium does n't exist ? 
  trump does n't believe in cooperation . 
  he does n't like his closest neighbours and has shown disdain for the eu . 
  what makes you think he has any interest in the constituent states ? 
  or had the parliamentary vote immediately .
