i 've used google earth a bit and set the altitude at the iss altitude ( ~ 400 km ) , played with the angles to be similar , yeah , that should be tunis , 
  well , clouds are basically just water droplets . 
  but these micro-droplets never form on their own , they need another particle to form on such as ... dust/aerosols . 
  so clouds are just dust on which water particles accumulated . 
  from my knowledge you can get clouds without other particles just in labs , under normal/natural conditions it 's impossible . 
  sorry for the physics lecture but i just wanted to point out that clouds need to include dust anyway thus actually clouds are just one form of aerosols  * edit * : another word, 
  well , this will be just a guess so ... since we 're seeing that area at an angle , the light has to pass through more atmosphere than what radiation we get from southern italy , that means that you have more light scattering just because the light has to pass through more atmosphere . 
  second , i could also presume that because northern italy also has more industry means it will also generate more aerosols , so you end up with a higher density during the night . 
  you couple this with the first idea and you should get the scattering we 're seeing . 
  i could be wrong thou . 
  if you 're talking about the green/yellowish layer above northern italy , that 's neither clouds/fog or light pollution , it 's called [ airglow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airglow ) ( wiki ) , it 's light emitted by the upper layers of the atmosphere . 
  * edit * : a word, 
  oh , i remember [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/pqwvpgt ) improvement of the monument, 
  just a small correction , the minimum wage currently is 925 ron which is around 207 euros . 
  oh , i 'm sure germany can arrange for something . 
  ... something like one secular turk for each edogan voting shithead living here . 
  so all of them can enjoy the wonders of his marvelous leadership . 
  because there ca n't be two problems right ? 
  just because eu/non-eu immigration is a problem does n't exclude russia ( not russian ) being a problem at least for ee . 
  can you explain your fifth point :  trying to provoke and impoverish russia how is the eu provoking russia ? 
  ok , maybe i did n't manage to make clear what i wanted to say so i 'll try again . 
  i consider human trafficking together with sexual exploitation to be slavery . 
  but my point was that you can have human trafficking and exploitation without it being sexual . 
  just like some women are convinced by `` employers '' that they 're gon na be sent to country x to work as maids or cooks or whatever and they get there , striped of their id and forced to prostitute , same thing can happen but just with work , ... construction , agriculture , textile ( as i mentioned in another post in this thread ) . 
  i wanted to say that usually the same people with similar social condition ( poor/uneducated ) are subjected too similar coercion methods and end up being exploited , sexual or otherwise . 
  hope i was more clear this time  edit : shit grammar , first sentence, 
  remember that there 's such a thing as human trafficking in europe , mainly women and children for sexual exploitation . 
  i consider this to be slavery . 
  and if you transform that to : ~ ~ sexual ~ ~ exploitation then we get what we were talking about earlier . 
  just because they 're not sold in the central market of the city does n't mean it 's not slavery . 
  i do n't believe we 're diluting the meaning of the word if we 're using it in this context . 
  it 's not exactly slavery but close to it . 
  think of it more like ... sweatshops , with long work hours , unpaid overtime , working weekends , minimum salary and many times that 's not paid in time , really strict schedules with just 15 min lunch/bathroom break per day , the bosses insulting you all the time , no ac during summer , complaining employees are threatened and/or kicked out etc. 
  here 's a [ link ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/fashion-victims-even-in-eu-garment-workers-face-tough-conditions-01-12-2016 ) related to the textile industry in romania . 
  thou i 've read and heard stories about romanian workers in the west which had their ids taken away by the `` employers '' , and then forced to work for free or on a wage below anything livable , stuck in containers or shitty 2 room apartments with 10 other people . 
  they are uneducated so they do n't know their rights too well , they do n't speak the local language . 
  so you can also get some modern version of slavery besides what others mentioned with the forced prostitution and so on ... 
  i think in this case is not necessary put there for being a target ( thou you never know with these morons ) but more with the recruitment part of the mark . 
  it 's easier to recruit from people who feel that have no future , and moldova 's current state generates a lot of those . 
  it seems local gangs with connections with the russian mob tried to sell radioactive materials to people that seem to be linked to isis , while the arrest shown is for a syrian who was spreading isis propaganda in moldova . 
  well unless this was done due to corruption , there 's nothing k\u00f6vesi can do . 
  probably it 's just sri trying to get a tighter grip on the internet ... edit : a word, 
   let 's talk about the topic at hand - which is the treatment of roma in romania and not arabs with israel . 
  ** stop trying to divert attention and change the subject . 
  ** maybe you should double check the title of the thread and most of the other posts here and then ask yourself who 's actually diverting attention and changing the subject . 
  and tone done with your `` knowledge '' of the roma problem in romania . 
  yeah reading a few statistics and a spiegel article makes you an expert . 
  step down from the horse , for most of us the roma are our neighbours in our comie apartment block , our school colleagues ( that almost never come ) , the people we meet every fucking day in the neighborhood . 
  we meet them daily . 
  they 're not that exotic minority that you see in the sherlock homes movies or you just read about in the newspaper . 
  but of course , you know better . 
  nice argument you got there or better said , lack of argument ... 
  try to make it more convincing by using the same country . 
  uk might have problems with hate preachers while from what i remember gay marriage is allowed ; the reverse in romania ... somewhat . 
  the second part of your argument is also bad : `` but gays in romania have no protection '' - first of all same sex sexual activities are protected by law , also we have laws for anti-discrimination concerning sexual activities so there is protection from the state . 
  you argument has another layer of stupid because you do n't realize that exactly due to the fact that the romanian legislation is neutral when it comes to marriage and/or civil unions these morons want to make the law clear that these happen just between a man and a woman not because the law forbids such thing . 
  so try again . 
  edit : formating, 
  i presume he talks about extreme light infrastructure built at magurele close to bucharest . 
  it 's one of the four facilities of this big european project . 
  most powerful laser built with a focus on nuclear research . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extreme_light_infrastructure ), 
  i can confirm regarding cereal/wheat . 
  i was eating one whole bread per day with sandwiches and another one with the daily hot meals . 
  nasa could have put emphasis on their side of the project . 
  they have good enough pr people to be able to make it sound better than it is . 
  but they do n't mention at all their other partners especially since the main author of the paper regarding this is not from fuckin nasa ... 
  it does n't make the gov look good at all , not even a bit . 
  the people who were loving the gov before they pushed the emergency act still do after they sort of `` canceled '' it , while the people who are protesting against the gov still gate their guts . 
  the explanation is simple : you ca n't trust a gov that tried to push such a shitty ... if they tried to push that , well that means that they 're shit enough to retry passing it or push similar emergency acts or laws . 
  you remember that germany sort of renounced nuclear energy after fukushima ... 
  it seems a similar [ protest ] ( https://www.google.de/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.jurnal.md/ro/social/2017/2/3/astazi-la-chisinau-va-avea-loc-un-mars-al-solidaritatii-impotriva-coruptiei-si-dictaturii/&amp;ved=0ahukewjsn83yivtrahugtxqkhqbraleqfggamaa&amp;usg=afqjcne5of8dsutwfdqedfj6sga0jvhtca&amp;sig2=ung4pwpqdvdmo_4oyjrxja ) will be held today in chisinau , moldova with the motto : `` two states , same thieves '' . 
  actally two of the biggest union leaders said they are against the emergency acts , so if just protests are n't enough we might see also a general strike, 
  or , you know , how about most of the people who bothered to vote ( including psd ) are the same ones protesting now ? 
  a mod tag the thread with 300k people in the whole country - estimate by digi24, 
  i 'm on the phone so it 's too bothersome to search so i 'll give a tangential answer . 
  in a democratic state you should have the rule of law and the division of power ... executive , legislative and judicial . 
  in this case the government ( executive ) passed an emergency act which bypasses the parliament ( legislative ) which modifies a law whuch is directly affecting the justice system ( changing criminal law by emergency act is illegal ) . 
  so i presume the division of power in the state is affected , i 'm pretty sure there are some requirement in the eu regarding the division of power . 
  not really . 
  besides the problem that you 're talking about with making a crime legal , there is also the fact that the way they did it is illegal in itself : changing the penal code through an emergency act by the government is not legal . 
  of course that does n't mean that the eu can do anything besides criticising . 
  these guys , psd+alde got 50.4 % from 40 % voter turnout , hardly a majority . 
  legally they have majority , morally they have shit . 
  dude , i remember some quotes from phone/etc wiretapping taken for dna ... some underlings of these corrupts fucks talking with them with `` your excellency '' ... and it did n't sounded like they were just joking , these guys really think that they are `` ciocoi '' and the peasants should bend over, 
  yes , you are right, 
  in less than 30 min almost 2500 people gathered in front of the government , still coming ... 
  christmas '89, 
  this is an emergency act passed by the government , goes directly in effect , iohannis ca n't do shit ( he was completly against this ) . sorry i ca n't say too much , i 'm too pissed , i ca n't find the letters on my phone ... fuck this ... . 
  oh `` sure '' man ... so , what 's so good about it that it has to pass ? 
  edit : + they can try and pass it as a normal law , i mean the only rush with the emergency act is to release some scumbags drom jail, 
  yeah , in the middle ages religion counted more than ethnicity, 
  yes i understand your point , at the same time if kovesi is guilty of wrongdoing it should be proven with facts and evidence , not with `` videos '' given to televisions by a fugitive which was involved in many cases and his affiliated cronies . 
  you could say that proof is proof and the messenger should n't matter but until now there is no proof of wrong doing . 
  they 're gon na have to try harder . 
  first i want to thank you for your level headed posts , this happens rarely . 
  now to the meat of my reply :  as for david clark , i think the whole point of his fabian society article is to raise alarms at actual problems . 
  i read the parts which concerned romania : he presents two cases , the adamescu case , and the sky news case . 
  i do n't see where the actual problem is . 
  a television/journalists presents romania as a some black market weapon sellers heaven :  officials in bucharest strongly disputed its findings , but instead of limiting themselves to a formal denial , they decided to charge ramsay and his colleagues with the crime of `` spreading false information '' .
