  why should the romanian state just deny the charges especially if the accusations that he hired people to act as smugglers will be proven true . 
  that 's exactly the case of `` spreading false information '' . 
  if he did n't do his homework and ended up with bad info is one thing , it 's another to invent such a bad accusation regarding weapons smuggling . 
  now regarding the adamescu case :  adamescu angered the romanian authorities by repeatedly challenging their treatment of his father , so they orchestrated his arrest as he was about to address a public meeting in london in june . 
  no evidence of criminal wrongdoing has been presented and none is needed under the eaw . 
  both him and his father are accused of giving bribes , he 's not being arrested for ... confronting the romanian state but of course this might be just inventions of the system that wants to shut up a honest citizen right ? 
  also these days there are accusations that the romanian state tried to kidnap his wife . 
  i pretty sure the british police and security services would have exploded if the romanian secret service or whatever agency was operating on british soil . 
  probably there 's a reason why they did n't commented on this subject until now . 
  and regarding the problems jc is presenting ... where are they exactly ? 
  ramsey did x , state considers that 's defamation , the state sues ; adamescu is wanted for bribery , the state sends a arrest warrent to the british , ... where is the illegality ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that if the british state considers that they ca n't extradite a person without out any proof , they can ask for it and it will be provided . 
   i dont think he is trying to create distrust in the judicial system but rather in the politicians causing his supposed ` authoritarian ' bent in the above countries . 
  the feeling of ` authoritarianism ' is just due to the fact that for many years nothing was done to put the corrupt in jail , but nothing was done exactly because the justice system was doing just the will of the people in power thus the few and pathetic jail time done one or another was just politically motivated . 
  at this point people from all major parties are in trouble . 
  and i still belive that people do n't understand or want to understand the level of corruption that 's happening in romania . 
  i know your complains regarding what is happening are more meta ... regarding respecting the rule of law and such . 
  the problem is that people like jc are accusing the dna of not respecting the law and/or human rights and that `` they do n't present any proof of wrong doing '' while themselves do n't present any evidence of disrespecting the law besides making blatant statements that x and y are innocent . 
  somebody will come now and say , that people should be considered innocent till proven guilty ; if the dna ca n't give to the british state enough proof that adamescu and/or ramsey are guilty , i do n't have a problem with them not being extradited . 
  and to close : is n't it interesting that for year and year romania was considered one of the most corrupted states in europe , and for years and years nobody was going to jail . 
  and in the last few years when it did , suddenly the country is full of innocent victims , the same people who were ruling the country all those corruption years or making billions building highways ( what highways ? 
  of course you could argue that this is beyond the point you were making which it might be but as i previously said the disrespect for the law is just hot air generated but the ones who are in trouble now . 
  thanks for the attention . 
   may i remind you that the ex head of the ani mafia division ( diicot ) is curreently on trial for corruption related crimes ? 
  you 're talking about alina bica , the one that is investigated by the ** dna/kovesi ** ? 
  no we should n't put kovesi in some ivory tower , but it 's interesting that the problems with dna and kovesi started to appear just when they starting prosecuting the big guys . 
  that 's one problem , two : dna/prosecutors just investigate , gather evidence and make a file , a judge gives a sencence , they 're not putting people in jail themselves ; third : if she 's guilty of something there needs to be proof , until now just lame accusations from the corrupted fucks is presented as `` proof '' of her abuse ; fourth : you need to give me a motive for her abuse ; many people claim that she is somehow partisan in some political fight , thou people from all the big parties are being indicted and sent to jail ... so that leaves that she 's just a foreign agent right ? 
  the dna and/or kovesi ca n't be 24/7 debunking the crap that the top of the pyramid defendants and their asserted media spew ever hour . 
  also in one of the interview she complained that the tv stations first throw on the screen some unsubstantiated claim regarding her work and even private life and then suddenly ask for a response without any previous contact regarding the allegation . 
  the tv stations are providing a debate about issue a or b , they 're telling some lies and then fake feedback , but the damage is already done . 
  that 's one thing you do n't get . 
  there is no `` the end justifies the means '' problem . 
  that 's exactly what these articles are trying to achieve . 
  that either the justice system is putting in jail innocent people or that at least there is abuse from the justice system with the above mentioned `` the end justifies the means '' problem . 
  most of the `` articles '' regarding this problem in the western media are written by just as few individuals as opinion pieces usually in the online version of the newspapers . 
  as i mentioned in another post , the articles are writen mainly by two people , they could be just hired to do that ... i think james clark written before articles to protect adamescu . 
  these are n't articles done after some journalist went on the ground and did some through investigation . 
  as someone else mentioned here , the newspapers are n't doing that well financially , so getting money to publish an opinion piece is one way to help themself , which can lead as we can see to this type of propaganda , because that 's what it is . 
  they 're written to influence internal romanian politics , they 're not written for the british public . 
  maybe the british people wo n't give a crap with some romanian news paper would write crap about the british government but , the other way around is a bit different . 
  one thing would be that many people know that the romanian media might be biased , depending on who owns it thus there is some general distrust for the media . 
  at the same time they would think the western media is unbiased at least concerning romanian matters or at least ca n't be influenced by romanian politicians/business men . 
  thus the romanian media can use foreign , in this case british , media : even the foreigners say that x or y is innocent or that the justice system overall is putting all these beautiful snowflakes in jail . 
  tl/dr : foreign media articles can be used as an extra `` proof '' that the corrupted fucks that are sent to jail in these last years are innocent and that they 're just victims of the system . 
   the issue is the eaw though , because of it our judicial systems are all interconnected . 
  so when there seems to be a high numbers of convictions in one area ( the number of convictions in every other crime in romania is perfectly normal ) , especially in a highly political environment , it should and will raise questions . 
  that 's because for the last 2 + decades the upper echelons of the country , local and national politicians , `` business '' people , hospital and state own companies managers were ( as another redditor said ) untouchable . 
  they were getting state contracts through bribes , influence and nepotism , not evening completing their contracts and if they were it was a shitty job . 
  and in the end , they were never prosecuted or sent to jail . 
  if this would have been done starting the 90s there would n't be so many assholes now on the defendant 's bench . 
  and regarding the journalists , a part of those articles are written by the same guys , david clark and patrick basham . 
  their articles are n't raising any alarms where there might be actual problems with the justice system . 
  the articles are made just to create a sense of distrust on the justice system when it finally started putting behind jail the cunts that were laughing in our faces for years . 
  edit : one word, 
  the corrupt `` elite '' and not just the elite , are so used with doing what they want without being caught , or if they get caught to easily escape that they did n't even bother to hide their misdeeds . 
  most of them are n't able to make complicated schemes for bribes , influence etc. 
  this leads to the 90 % conviction , not the fairy magic of the prosecutors and judges . 
  edit : another word, 
  so svalbard yes but greenland no ? 
  and france did n't pay for his education and healthcare when he was a kid , and now when he 's at work age comes to france to work and pays taxes edit : 1 word, 
  do n't be an ass ... 
  ok , i 'll have to agree with this argument at least , i checked the unemployment rate in germany , it was around 8-9 % in 2007 and at the start of 2014 was around 5 % . 
   ( btw france did the same thing , not just germany ) yes i know germany was n't alone , there were many others . 
  just 11 of the 25 did n't have any restrictions in 2007 while there were 9 which kept them till 2014 . 
  maybe i was n't clear with my point i was trying to make . 
  if germany need that bad low skill labor it could have gotten it from these two countries when they joined . 
  but it did n't , so that could mean that the necessity was n't really there . 
  thus as a result , the argument that now the low skill labor that the syrians can provide is bullshit . 
  and if it 's not then why the restrictions before . 
  and from my knowledge the restrictions were n't lifted gradually . 
  they were there mostly for low skill labor and then they were off so you could get your undesired `` flood '' still but in 2014 instead of 2007 . 
  ehm yes , at this moment yes . 
  germany thou kept the work restrictions for romanians and bulgarians for the maximum allowed time by the eu . 
  i think it was 7 years . 
  i know this because i had to deal with the paperwork both before and after the deadline . 
  although i 'm happy that a big percentage of the syrians find work i do n't buy the `` we need their work '' argument . 
  i do n't think there is an `` original version '' , the crappy dubbing is part of the `` original version '' , that was their point . 
  check again ... the factory is in romania in prahova county . 
  i have no clue what the op 's comment was but as a counter example to poor country = high fertility rate is r. moldova , poorest country in europe , still has extremely low fertility , below fuckin ' germany . 
  i wanted to make a smartass comment about the adults in the picture but there are non so thumbs up . 
  i 'm happy that there was a push to rebuild many destroyed buildings as they were ... 
  in bucharest they do n't even bother to maintain the ones that managed to survive the comunist period , so rebuilding is out of question . 
  it 's the type of competition where everybody loses , especially the shock absorbers ... 
  ehm , it 's the one in the middle ... 
  on paper sounds good but it needs testing . 
  we need a volunteer ... ^ ^ finland, 
  russian tourists flocking the country ... should muntenegru start worrying ? 
  i was thinking more of the possibility of the government/parliament to stop or delay indefinitely like they 're doing with armored vehicles ( rheinmetall/moreni ) and naval corvettes ( damen ) . 
  actually the iar 330 was built under the french licence of the sa 330 puma . 
  i think this was a move by ceauaescu to show more independence from ussr . 
  i can also say that the defence ministry opened a bid for buying trucks and fuel trucks for ~ 39 mil euros . 
  i think the title is slightly misleading . 
  the correct translation would be , `` wants to buy '' not `` will buy . 
  the defence ministry sent a letter regarding the price and intent for buying the helicopters . 
  1 . yeah , the 2 % plan was before trump 2 . we already put 2 % starting this year , the 2026 is the year till we promise to keep the 2 %, 
  i 've misread your previous comment and you 're right . 
  if you want games and movies and you 're outside germany then you 're fine with steam/netflix etc. 
  if you want electronics or other stuff using amazon.de is ok also . 
  i live in germany and the games censorship is a sour spot . 
  even after going back to romania i had problems buy the uncensored versions because my card was still a de one .
