  and what ever dream people have of russia being a super power again , will remain just that , a dream . 
  edit : why tf are people down voting the parent comment ? 
  it pretty simple . 
  you must consider the fact that the netherlands is a historically christian country . 
  in the last 70 years there has been a large liberal development in nl , that has made the society more egalitarian by promoting womens right , legalizing gay marriage , etc. 
  this was at the expense of old christian traditions , as a result nl became more secular , and you can see that in the fact that the majority of the population is now atheist . 
  so , fast forward to early-2000 , you have the first politicians start to notice integration is failing in the netherlands , where people of migrant decent do not share these new liberal values , or dutch culture in general ( no matter who 's fault that is ( native/migrant ) ) . 
  the dutch people knew and felt this all along , but pre-2000 were too pc to dare to say anything without being labelled as racist . 
  politicians pim fortuyn and later wilders gave these people a voice in politics . 
  fortuyn was later assassinated by a non-muslim green activist for his political anti-immigration rhetoric , this was a huge shock , no dutch politician had ever been assassinated before . 
  i specifically say anti-immigration because while fortuyn did refer to muslims , it was hardly anti-islam . 
  but fortuyn was ' t wrong , of all the countries immigrants from muslim majority countries were the least integrated , except indonesia i suppose . 
  not too much later a filmmaker theo van gogh was shot and stabbed to death on the street by an islamist for making a film critical of islam . 
  being killed for freedom of speech , again , was inconceivable in nl at the time . 
  this all happens around the time of 9/11 , iraq , afghanistan . 
  so people are aware of the problems in islamic countries , related to islamic terrorism , or migrants in nl . 
  these events allowed wilders to become a prominent figure . 
  he dared to be say things simply not said . 
  fast forward , to post-2011 when you have people waving isis flags in the multicultural neighbourhood the schilderwijks in the hague . 
  people at one point stopped seeing individuals and started seeing islam as the problem . 
  many people will still say that moderate liberal muslims are welcome , and hope that they are different and prefer dutch society over the repressive societies at home . 
  but the dutch know that many islamic countries do not share the same egalitarian ideals nl has fought 70 years to achieve . 
  it is simple to then conclude that immigrants from these countries are perceived as a threat to dutch society . 
  wilders has exploited this fear over the years , and it works because no other politicians been able to provide an answer with visible results , all wilders supporters see are the number of hijabs on the streets . 
  the only reason wilders is not in power , because he does n't want power ( e.g. 
  responsibility of the failure to rule ) , and dutch still believe in their liberal freedom of religion values more than they believe wilder 's fear mongering . 
  but we will see wednesday , if this changes . 
  anyway , i hope you know understand it better . 
  it is a vicious cycle of hatred . 
  but until moderate liberal muslims find the courage to separate themselves from the radical salafi muslims , i expect the european right to become more extreme . 
  you ca n't fight intolerance with tolerance , you must be intolerant of intolerance . 
  but those are just my thoughts . 
  do n't knock yourself out about it , there are plenty of good turks in nl . 
  in nl right now , we just have to be confident that our liberal values will prevail over fear mongering . 
  and i think it will . 
  wednesdays election is gon na be a big decider , though . 
  still a student , but i am doing research for a professor, 
  well , i am looking at mountain glaciers , so they tend to be a lot smaller than at the poles . 
  one way of assessing these glaciers is to look at snow lines movement ( boundary between snow and ice ) so higher resolution is quite useful in that scenario , landsat 8 resolution is 30m but is a great satellite too . 
  terra has aster which may also be used . 
  modis resolution is too low . 
  i have n't looked into radar sats , because that is not my focus , but they also have advantages and disadvantages . 
  glaciers are relatively slow moving things , so high revisit time is n't as important , but definitely has its uses . 
  one of the reason i decided to use s2a is because it is also very new , so there is a lot of opportunity there . 
  satellites or no satellites , i do n't think this administration cares , they will just deny climate science anyway ... plus there is good optimism to be had , because like the rise of spacex , there are several private satellite companies already providing environmental solutions . 
  and lastly , of course , there are our glorious esa satellites . 
  goes-r just got launched in november , a huge improvement on existing goes satellites , plus europe , india , japan , china all have there own weather satellites . 
  no one likes budget cuts , and trump agenda is detrimental , so you do n't have to be optimistic , but its not a disaster either . 
  i am quite excited for this news , i have been working extensively with sentinel-2a data and while sentinel-2b data is the same , i will now be able to get data every 5 days instead of 10 days for a particular location , however it will still take a year for it to be fully operational . 
  i use it to monitor glaciers to determine whether they are retreating or advancing . 
  since most imagines are blocked by clouds obtaining new images with high frequnecy is desirable . 
  i doubt it , the satellites are already there in orbit , the largest costs have in that sense already been made . 
  all they have to do is download the data and make it client ready and distribute/sell . 
  the big if might be for the continuity of missions but these programs are made over the span of decades , so 4 years of trump is manageable . 
  esa products have also been freely available for a long time , the only thing that has changed now is for some products the license is different . 
  for newer satellites , use of data for commerical purposes still requires payment . 
  everything is negotiable , as long as the price is right . 
  i stand by my initial point . 
  of course , if i could live in a palace like this http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10656023/in-pictures-inside-the-palace-yanukovych-didnt-want-ukraine-to-see.html?frame=2834874, 
  tell that to the 100 protesters and 13 policemen that died at maidan , all for what ? 
  a coward who could n't keep his country united . 
  ye because the eu and russia are * totally * to blame for the economic situation in ukraine from 1991-2014 . 
  maybe you should ask the corrupt ukrainian oligarchs . 
  your comment is delusional nonsense . 
  half of ukraine was pro-eu , the other half was pro-russia , he could have made a deal with both the eu and russia . 
  such a deal would have benefited the ukrainian people immensely from being the crossroads of east-west trade . 
  but he was corrupt , and russia was telling him what to do , and more importantly what not to do , so he could n't make the decision that would have unified the country ... that was his downfall . 
  maybe the west did support the protester too much . 
  but when the time came for yanukovych to face the music , he was a coward and fled . 
  it was n't supposed to be this way ... we were supposed to wake up the 24th to a sleepy summer morning with people buying their coffees and off to work somewhere in a parallel universe , but not this one ... 
  i think they also finally realized that the eu was n't going to negotiate the 4 fundamental freedoms . 
  and some half-ass foot in the door crap deal is un-british, 
  scotland can , of course , do a westminster and vote for independence , and then wait 2-3 years to get a good deal , because they have n't officially become independent after the vote ? 
  do n't underestimate dutch anti-federalism , 400 years ago when the netherlands became independent , it was n't called the * seven * provinces for nothing . 
  the official policy here is , sovereignty to the eu where necessary , sovereignty for nations everywhere else . 
  also netherlands has historically also played the big 3 to its advantage , and uk and nl were very close on some eu polices . 
  luckily nl and german eu policies also tend to be close , but people here are stubborn enough to sacrifice all it , if ceases to be in their interests . 
  i am all for iceland joining , but i do n't think it will ever happen in my lifetime . 
  they have nothing to gain except like maybe 10 votes with meps . 
  plus , it definitely wo n't happen until fisheries are reformed . 
  and right now is the most unstable time to join the eu . 
  plus iceland economy is doing pretty good i reckon , last time they were `` close '' to joinng was when their economy had just crashed . 
  i agree , but you must remember that it is n't cheap . 
  for example , two 75m buildings is still considerably cheaper than one 150m building . 
  and in places like the us or canada where there is an abundance of space , its all to easy to build 1 story homes . 
  i greatly beg to differ . 
  nyc is one of the best planned cities there is . 
  without planning there would not have been park as spectacular as central park . 
  you also seem to think that nyc blindly builds tall buildings , but it actually is quite a slow process , and this is confirmed by the high apartment prices in the city . 
  and there are plenty of low rise places in manhatten that are becoming trendy again , hell 's kitchen and harlem has also gotten a lot better . 
  i lived there for a week , and had to commute daily to work . 
  i took both the metro and the tram , and i thought they were great , but bit packed during rush hour . 
  it might be different once you are outside of the ring roads though . 
  i suppose it should start with a tax on entering the city , similar to london . 
  i also hope they build more bike paths , i feel like paris is a very bike-able city , with the exeption of some hilly parts . 
  fair point, 
  or me trying to imitate home alone movies , and trying hanging a can of paint ( the kind you need white spirit for to clean ) above the staircase , but accidently dropping in and coverring the staircase in paint ... 
  police hit other people when they badly misbehave ... its their job ... to discipline to keep order . 
  of course , now there is a whole debate on what police can and ca n't do , but its the same issue , but for adults . 
  when i was 7 i was trying to play piano , but my 5 year old cousin kept messing me up by trying to play as well .
