  yes , trivial i know . 
  i told her to stop multiple times , like children do she did n't listen . 
  i threatened her if you do n't stop within 10 seconds i am gon na drop the piano lid . 
  after 10 second she was still playing , i dropped the lid on her fingers . 
  and she screamed in pain . 
  luckily , no real damage , but i did n't know better . 
  my parents did n't spank me , i was sadistic and totally deserved it though , but i somehow managed to talk my way out of it , but only because i feared being disciplined . 
  my cousin , however , learned to never fuck with me again though . 
  i do n't care what other dutch people say , but we have an old saying , `` those who do n't want to listen , must feel '' and i agree . 
  the thing is the effectiveness of a spank is n't in the spanking , its in the threat of being spanked . 
  of course , the threat disappears when children realize you wo n't back up words with action occasionally . 
  but some people are right spanking does n't always work . 
  i know of adopted kid with troubled past who had terrible behavioural issues and often got spanked to the point where they taunt their parent with `` go ahead , spank me then '' . 
  you see , at that point you are far beyond the point of spanking being effective . 
  and in a real big mess as a parent . 
  attention deprivation is the best punishment there , imo . 
  the adopted parents were hardly to blame though , the kid 's biological parents really messed him up . 
  children are smart enough to manipulate their parents . 
  i was . 
  and my sisters and i would always try to frame each other to get punished by our parents . 
  and when they said they were n't gon na interfere or werent there then things got violent . 
  like when my sister banged my forehead against the pointy end of a table causing me to bleed like crazy . 
  i now have a harry potter scar . 
  thing is we learned our lessons young ... and they were effective lessons ; but everyone learns differently . 
  this law is there to prevent abusive parents . 
  and if it prevents good parents from a disciplinary spank so be it . 
  maybe i wo n't spank my kids , nevertheless , my kids will get disciplined for their bad behaviour , and they will thank me for it later . 
  either that or i will get multiple children , they will discipline each other in a way parents never could , violently and legally . 
  karma for invading finland ? 
  but you got karelia so i guess it evens out . 
  there a plenty of things robot cant replace humans for , for at least our lifetimes . 
  then there are things that humans do because they enjoy it and get payed for , e.g. 
  sports or running your own bnb . 
  robots will be revolutionary in places like the elderly care . 
  plus the people that will lose jobs are in industries that are already heavily automated . 
  ... cock ... well , our government has some very outdated subsidy policies and are too heavily involved in oil , efforts to shut it down are only short term solutions ... at least we are building a couple of windmill farms in the limited space of our eez, 
  without googling , is it snyder ( r ) ? 
  not sure why i know that . 
  pfft , as if ratings still relevant ? 
  you can always join the european union , or as brexiteers call it the eussr . 
  crash landing at the sea has a lower survival rate than on land . 
  this cessna has fixed landing gear , so the gear would hit the water , and cause the airplane to pivot on nose dive into the sea . 
  plus people were fleeing to the water , so the pilot made the right call in that regard . 
  i ca n't wait for global warming to continue , we will be an island too then . 
  yes you are right , but ariance 6 is not even out yet , and falcon heavy will be tested at the end of this year . 
  what ever advantages ariane has , their ceos need to get off their asses and start working , because arianes advantages wont last at this rate . 
  spacex overrated ? 
  they have done things that none of the 7 space going countries have done , let alone commercial companies . 
   the design approach is very different , spacex has demonstrated a much more ` gung-ho ' style of design . 
  this is actually the soviet/russian approach . 
  they test rockets as the are used . 
  its highly efficient , but also risky . 
  arianes problems are n't the rockets , its they goverments financing and bureacracy that slows it down . 
  i completely agree , elon musk is overrated in some regard . . e.g. 
  hyperloop . 
  but spacex is a different story . 
  its the story of elon musk walking into a room of space company ceos and being laughed at for his reusable rocket ideas . 
  well , what you say here , will be the decisive selling points for ariane 5 and 6 in the coming years . 
  because i have no doubt that ariane 5 and 6 are good rockets , they just are n't innovated fast enough . 
  to me its like nokia and the smartphones . 
  its not even a competition at the point anymore . 
  ariane 6 will only succeed in the commercial market if spacex runs into capacity issues . 
  for the rest it will be there as garnateed euro access to space but not much more . 
  does n't matter the current trend in the commercial satellite industry is toward more smaller satellites . 
  edit : falcon 9 to leo is 22.8 t and ariane 5 is 20t . 
  to gto is 8.3 t and 10.8 t. . . so very comparable . 
  ye but that is the tragedy , ariane 6 is just a small improvement of the ariane 5 and it took them 10 years to build , maybe even longer if you including planning . 
  spacex barely had a rocket 10 years ago . 
  its still a new engine , and still has a higher thrust to weight ratio than almost any other on the market including very successful rd-180, 
   but that 's just not the reality we live in , all nation subsidize their own launch vehicle market this is exactly the reason why spacex thrives for them its sink or swim . 
  their funding relies on commercial success . 
  it has to work or they go bankrupt . 
  nasa , esa , can take their time , arianespace used to be able to take their time , they used to have a majority share in the commercial market . 
   if europe wants independent und guaranteed access to space for strategic and economic reasons , it needs to pay for it . 
  europe wo n't pay for it , i mean just look at the esa budget . 
  plus , esa biggest issue is the inter-country bureacracy . 
  and no single country in europe has the money to spare for a space startup . 
  the biggest advantage of spacex is that it is not bound by government bureacracy , if they want to build something new , they will do it . 
  arianespace will go to esa and ask for permission and r&d funding . 
   arianespace has some catching up to do . 
  this is key , seriously , the ariane 6 if its ready by 2020 , will almost already be outdated if you at other rockets being developed . 
  really , ariane 6 is not that impressive , and the fact that this video states they need to depend on european independent access to space is dissapointing , because it means that they expect they cant compete with spacex , which is pathetic considering ariane owned the majority of the commercial market for the last 15 years , which is what in part funded their success , not european governments ... really these companies got complacent and are gon na pay for it , just like kodak invented the first digital camera and trashed the idea , where is kodak now ? 
  gone, 
  you know , you make it sound like it was easy for spacex ... but on the contrary they took huge risks . 
  and this is why they are way ahead of ula ( which is a joint venture of the might boeing and lockheed martin corporations ) and blue origin ...  it 's a very impopular opinion on reddit , but as ambitious and smart as elon musk can be , he did n't invented space rockets and he did n't recreated the wheel . 
  no , but he did notice a huge gap in the market of national space agencies , and nasa 's retiring of the shuttle , when no one else did ... that alone is all it takes ... and 200mil of your own money . 
  only in buck , not in bang . 
  the media loves shit talking the f-35 , because it is overpriced and delayed . 
  but i reckon by the time that aircraft is fully functional it will be the best aircraft yet . 
  this article seems to talk more about the digital failings of the hms qe than the f-35 . 
  but really its an impressive plane , at the paris airshow this year the f-35 proved its manoeuvrability , plus even then this aircraft is not about dogfighting , but about its capability to eliminate threats beyond visual range . 
  and , have you seen that heads up display ? 
  insane . 
  plus the marine version is perfect for the uks new carriers . 
  on top of that f-35 has performed very well in recent training fights . 
  and will only start to perform better as pilots get retrained in modern air combat and forget the old style air combat . 
  ahhh , my eyes, 
  well , whether it is a freak accident of not is for the lawyers to argue , and the judge to decide . 
  i did n't say it was ok , but in the context of my comment , it is an overreaction to expel all saudi diplomats, 
  what are the uk squatting laws ?
