beautiful mate , this is why i wish we had more snow in nl , i love snow mornings and nights, 
  do n't fool yourself , wilders was in the majority coalition at one point . 
  but obviously that failed because wilders was only able to complain and not provide constructive solutions . 
  that is why no one will want to form a coalition with now , at least not without strict conditions . 
  and due to dutch political fragmentation is it almost impossible for wilders to get an absolute majority . 
  i not worried for the us , i suspect the same will happend . 
  trump will not live up to his promises , he wo n't provide constructive solutions . 
  and luckily congress can keep him in check ( and to blame for what it is worth ) , after all even the republican 's do n't like him much . 
  in the article he mentions that the ussr could not be democratized and as a result it collapsed . 
  and as a result the eu can not be democratized . 
  that is a fallacy though , the reason the ussr could n't be democratized and collapsed was because the people had no concept of what democracy is , what freedom of speech is , and free market economy ... so when they allowed people to think for themselves who had never done that it became chaotic . 
  the changes and the short period of time overwhelmed a weakened ussr . 
  china on the other hand , has allowed free market economy , which will make any transition to democracy a lot smoother , when a time comes that this will happen . 
  that said , the eu is still a on going development , and its citizens must be wary of any morally wrong turns it takes . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what gear and lenses does your dad use ? 
  i am going on a road trip soon , and am having trouble deciding what to take, 
  cool , thanks for the links i 'll take a look, 
  wow , i guess americans do like their cars , that ship even has a parking garage, 
   the company plans to make its cloud-based facial recognition system available to corporate , government , and law enforcement clients . 
  this cloud-based service allows an entity to upload a database of photos and use it for facial recognition purposes . 
  looks like ~ ~ muslim women ~ ~ all people now have an extra reason to wear a niqab . 
  the potential for abuse of this technology is real . 
  russians have historically excelled at pattern recognition technologies and maths , so it is n't such a surprise , the only issue is they never had a market to sell it and grow . 
  to give you an idea , svms were invented in the ussr in the 60s , the west did n't know about them until the scientific articles were translated in the 90s . 
  the hypocrisy of the russain gov. 
  is mind boggling sometimes , they complain that rt 's bank account has been shut down , and that it is against freedom of speech , and yet they regularly over the past years have shut down liberal russia newspapers and raided their offices in their own country . 
  double standards at its finest . 
  i study remote sensing , and for my studies i was in iceland a year ago . 
  at the tongue of one the glaciers there was a sign saying `` do not go further '' or something for the risk of ice calving . 
  it was placed some 300 meters in front of the glacier , the glacier was n't even that big so 300 meters seemed like too much , or the icelanders were really concerned for your safety . 
  and i realized that sign had been placed a couple years ago , and that the glacier was the one that moved 300 meters . 
  anyway , we ignored the sign and got closer so that we could touch the glacier , truly amazing though , they are a force of nature to be reckoned with , if you get a chance to see one , go now before they are gone . 
  i agree with most of your points , except the fourth one on drunk driving . 
  us has some tough zero tolerance laws that mean you can automatically go to jail for the 1st offence and lose you license . 
  also i took the driving test and even though it was retarded , of the 20 questions 10 of them were regarding alchohol ... so they really have that part coverred . 
  its only retarded youth who still do it anyway , but i think that has more to do with education and poverty . 
  which city was this recorded in ? 
  seems like it is more in the west of turkey than east, 
  personally , i would vote against the common european fisheries policy ... but for the completely different reason that , i fundamentally believe that its not ecologically sustainable , but i doubt fishermen care about that , even though they should . 
  yes , i am inclined to agree with you . 
  its just the cliche `` ignorance is bliss '' is such a catchy phrase . 
   ... then it just finishes with `` we wun get over it ! '', 
  well , of course the chap ca n't name any laws , its not like the british tabloids were really trying to objectively report news , they just wanted to create a fake outrage to sell papers . 
  the guy deep down inside knows he might be wrong , that economically things will be tough , but he ca n't accept that bitter hard truth yet that he might have screwed himself over and creates excuses to justify why he voted the way he did . 
  personally , i ca n't decided what is worse , ignorantly voting leave or consciously voting leave ? 
  16 % of eu exports is still like what . . 290 billion or something , while 44 % of uk exports is 200 billion . 
  so when looking at the actual figures it is in both the interest of the uk and eu to get a good deal . 
  but brexit was never about economics ... it was about pride . 
  and the one that loses is the first one to give in . 
  this is the biggest bs i have ever heard ... of course the family should be involved . 
  just because it is a tough time for them does n't mean you should ignore their wishes , unless that is explicitly in your will . 
  in fact because it is such a tough decision means they will take much more effort in making the right decision ... 
  the government wo n't take that effort , they do n't give a damn for you , for them you are just a number on a piece of paper . 
  up until ~ 2011 the netherlands had hyves , now shut down , it was started 3 years before facebook , and was at one point the biggest social network by far with about 12 mil people out of 16 mil on it . 
  but it simply could n't compete with the resources of facebook , for one , programmatically hyves was alright , but because the coders never updated the website it became boring , bad , and the design was reminiscent of myspace . 
  and probably more importantly , no one outside of the netherlands used hyves , thus if you wanted to keep in touch with european or american friends facebook was the only way . 
  but ask any dutch person circa 2008 if they like facebook or hyves many would choose hyves for various reasons . 
  also known as the ** obyeo **, 
  ok , fair enough , yakutia may have been a bad example off the top of my head . 
  and the russian economy definitely favors mining/oil regions . 
  and your point is ? 
  i may not know the exact details , but people there are still poorer than moscow or st.peterburg . 
  the fact holds true . 
  i have been to russia , just not yakutia , wrong context buddy, 
  i agree with what you are saying . 
  except ...  they think if they coerce their leaders to take a tough stance against that evil guy in kremlin , it will lead to a beautiful place just like europe is . 
  most common folk in europe do n't really care about russia , or what happens there . 
  i do because i like history . 
  the only countries that do care more about russia are neighboring countries concerned with problems spilling over the borders . 
  anyway , i believe the `` tough stance '' is a reaction to putin 's `` strong '' leadership and zero sum way of dealing with geopolitics . 
  of course , putin uses this to his advantage to toughen his own stance . 
  and rally people to his cause at the same time . 
  conversely , the other leaders are left with the choice to back down and lose people support or to toughen again . 
  so , then the cycle continues . 
  russia is a masculine society , you ever seen two russian men fight in a bar ? 
  they never back down , i reckon putin is never going to back down . 
  luckily for him , the leaders in the west are changing , so the cycle will refresh in the coming year ( s ) . 
  however , the problems/difference between the fundamental values of the western countries and russia , have not been resolved . 
  and i am skepitical if that can be done under putin , i do wish it could . 
  because there are enough problems in the world today , that require more attention . 
  russia in 2017 is no where near as bad as russia in 1917 though . 
  revolutions really only happen at rock bottom . 
  no thanks , do n't want him here , i do n't want to be bombed , i like my apartment . 
  the answer to the question is not really a person or a name , it 's an explanation of why the democratic system is failing . 
  russia lacks real opposition in duma , either the parties are too extreme , or are fake parties that support united russia anyway , or they are true opposition parties that consistently get repressed in the media , arrested , or in extreme cases murdered . 
  on top of that you have a young generation of russia completely apathetic to the democratic process that they know is rigged so they do n't bother to vote , or they are indoctrinated by russian nationalism and their strong dislike for the west which in turn keeps united russia mostly in power . 
  on top of that many russians do n't care , you go to the far reaches of the country far from moscow , the local governments are corrupt , lazy , etc , etc. 
  in these regions , e.g. 
  yakutia , etc. 
  people are poor . 
  and even though i have never been there i very well assume those people just do n't give a damn , because they worry more about obtaining enough money for the month . 
  they do n't know what a good government means and can do for them , or if they do know , they do n't believe it . 
  so based , on that we can deduce that russia has a infavorable , potentially hostile environment for any possible successor to putin . 
  unfortunately , that is the tragedy , putin is getting old and is no longer in touch with reality with the new generation russians that grew up in a free post-ussr russia . 
  russia needs new young moderate politicians to enter the duma and alter its course , they need to be willing to play the poltical game , and in all other cases observe it . 
  that is the only way i see the establishment being peacefully superceded . 
  the 2012 protests show that there is potential . 
  plenty of russians are unhappy ( though not enough ) , but right now the risk is not worth the cost of deposing putin . 
  eventually , that time will come . 
  to conclude , russia is not in a terrible state , if you are decently wealthy you can live quite comfortably , but the poor in russia are getting shafted , i do n't the think poor will revolt anytime soon but russia will eventually lose its competitive edge in the world more and more .
