  some are retards , others are good people . 
  do the good ones deserve to suffer or be hated for the actions of their less spectacular peers ? 
  fuck.no . 
  be cunts towards the ones disrespecting laws , do n't be cunts towards law abiding and hard working citizens . 
  is it so hard ? 
  i get that it 's easier to just take a broad brush and paint everyone that shares skin color or religion the same , but it 's not the right way . 
  it 's not rational to make up bullshit and spread it like the gospel of christ himself . 
  it 's rational to take a more objective view on things instead of being like `` hurr durr all immigrants are economic migrants '' . 
  hence why respecting the asylum procedures is more rational than making sweeping generalizations and making dumb claims such as `` merkel has invited muslims to destroy europe through soros ' multicultural agenda of world domination '' . 
  you truly are a stupid man if you ca n't tell the difference between normal immigration and asylum requests . 
  there 's no point in talking to you , at this point the only people making such idiotic arguments are the ones that are willfully ignorant and want to believe their own version of reality . 
  what you said makes as little sense as saying that most people are ok with murder because a bus driver in india got killed last week . 
  no , we could n't , not lawfully and not morally . 
  this is n't a mother fucking game , people 's lives are at stake . 
  what is bothering people ? 
  what 's bothering people are very real things usually , it 's just that they end up blaming things that have nothing to do with their situation , because they are manipulated into it . 
  a lot of the frustration nowadays comes from the economic situation , but instead of blaming corruption and shady business practices , people turn their anger towards others that are even poorer then them . 
  most immigrants , even eastern european ones , work jobs that most westerners do n't even want to work anymore , like picking strawberries in the fields or being cleaning ladies or taking care of old people , yet the angry uneducated mass is manipulated by the far-right to blame immigrants for their hard life because the economic situation is too hard to explain and understand , but an immigrant `` takin ` err jobs '' is easy and a low hanging fruit . 
  it 's just one example of many . 
  what the far right is doing is simply using that anger and frustration and scapegoating immigrants , it 's an easy to swallow answer and it 's easy to argue that its their fault that the nation is `` going to shit '' . 
  you 're right in the sense that a lot of the times these parties and their leaders are all about their own personal ambitions and ego , but they manage to disguise it through nationalism and love of the country and using populist rhetoric that is meant to garner fanatical support for their cause . 
  it 's just a political and manipulation tool that has been used over and over throughout history , yet somehow people are still blind to it . 
  it usually starts in times of crisis or economic depression ( far-right always goes up in polls after financial crisis , both in 1999-2000 and after 2008 ) , when society becomes depressed and frustrated , then the `` savior '' appears , they usually blame external and internal enemies and make sure to paint anyone that does n't agree with them as `` unpatriotic '' or an enemy of the state , just like the far right today has managed to turn the term liberal into an insult meant to represent someone that wants to `` destroy our nation '' through multiculturalism and supporting rapist/terrorist/criminal / barbarian < insert minority here  . 
  then they proclaim themselves as saviors of the nation and claim to possess the only solution to fix all of our problems , it usually involves some serious violations of democratic principles , constitution , international law and so on , but that 's okay because once enough people support those measures it just opens up the door to more and more authoritarianism as democratic institutions and mechanisms are paralyzed or castrated in the name of `` the good of the nation '' . 
  then the objective is usually smooth sailing towards absolute power , destroying any opposition and the free press and disguising it all as necessary measures to protect the country , again , anyone who disagrees is a `` traitor '' and `` unpatriotic '' , easy fix , that 's sure to rile up people against anyone speaking out . 
  this attitude has already seem some traction in much throughout europe , i 've even gotten pm 's that literally check list all of the things i mentioned , people wishing me dead accusing me that i want to destroy europe for speaking out against the far right . 
  it 's scary and ridiculous at the same time . 
  the point is , often these people have a psychological profile described by egomania and they are very power hungry . 
  the ultimate goal is to gain as much power as possible , they usually yearn for absolute power . 
  that 's why democracy is their enemy and they will take steps to erode it , because democracy insures that no man wields too much power , of course that 's very bad for far-right leaders . 
  they are willing to do anything to get that power , from propaganda , populism , manipulation , lies to outright killing people eventually . 
  they are very dangerous people because like all good propagandists , they start off with some truths , but then convince people to blindly follow the ideology and the leaders . 
  the far right propaganda sure did n't help . 
  repeating things like `` merkel invited them '' over and over , pushing the view that `` liberals '' want to destroy europe through multiculturalism and a bunch of other retarded views is what is fueling the flame . 
  if people took a more rational view , they would realize that the immigrant crisis is real and the eu needs to deal with it , but not by closing down all the borders or shooting the boats like some would like , but by speeding up the asylum application process and making sure it is fair and effective . 
  they are power hungry . 
  being a `` nationalist '' does n't mean you are n't a cunt willing to sell your mum for your own gain , in fact , i 'd say many of them are such cunts . 
  no , just people that support others that post made up racist stats about black people and support killing the families of terrorists or nuking the middle east . 
   how do you explain the postal vote results being so dramatically different from the in-person ballots or pre-election polling ? 
  demographics of people voting . 
  it happens in every country . 
  people living abroad are way more liberal than the national average . 
  a thousand times worse because people are dumb enough to believe that italy and greece should handle it alone instead of showing some solidarity . 
  what we need to do is make it clear that the asylum process is a solid one and that it wo n't work if you 're just out for benefits and are n't a real refugee . 
  nobody 's going to risk their life for the small chance that maybe they can lie their way into getting asylum and then a small chance that maybe they 'll be sent to a country with strong social benefits . 
  we simply need to speed up the process , while keeping it fair . 
  that 's the only thing we really need to do . 
  the rest is just people being cunts for all kinds of reasons . 
  corruption with eu funds is way less than you think , it 's a few percent . 
  it 's inevitable when dealing with our sleazy officials and politicians , but the eu does a pretty good job at supervising how the funds get spent , so the corruption is way smaller than when they ( our officials ) deal with our own public budget . 
  things are changing in eastern europe and we are developing , but miracles do n't happen over night . 
  i 'm sure you 've seen at least a few articles about our anti-corruption efforts in romania , that would n't have been possible without the eu . 
  the eu does way more than just distribute funds , it also targets to strengthen the rule of law and the democratic institutions of its members , which is a very important thing if you want to have a fair and civilized society . 
  the reason why more money goes to poland is because poland is way bigger than bulgaria , funds are payed/distributed proportional with the size of the countries in question . 
  another reason is that poland has been very good at absorbing eu funds , you can see that if you compare the country from 10 years ago to now , poland has grown a lot and has really improved its infrastructure and economy . 
  these kinds of things help the netherlands as well , because it has a much richer country to trade with and export to near its borders . 
  because that 's how unions work , stronger and wealthier regions help the more underdeveloped ones to grow as it benefits both parties . 
  that 's what the netherlands is doing inside its own borders as well , it 's just that the eu uses structural funds for investment while inside sovereign nations the money transfer is way more direct and usually to a much bigger degree with rich regions paying half of what they make to poorer ones . 
  basically , structural funds are investments , you help underdeveloped eastern europe , you get trade benefits in return , a more stable region and neighbors , a stronger union and a common market as a whole etc. 
  by retarded migrant plan you mean the propaganda pushed by kremlin that merkel `` invited '' them in order to destroy the eu through multiculturalism . 
  or do you mean that we should 've done a better job at handling the asylum request process ? 
  i can argue the second part , but if it 's the first , then you 're one of the [ useful idiots . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ), 
  yeah , i 'm sure you 're not exaggerating at all . 
  you must 've missed the part where your economy benefits way more than the 120 million you spend . 
  you 're basically saying i wo n't give a dollar to get 10 dollars back . 
  that 's the extent of the logic of people that claim the eu is losing them money . 
  eventually yes . 
  although major exporting countries such as the netherlands already get way more money back through trade than what they contribute to eastern european countries . 
  the netherlands exports many billions of euros worth to romania for example , but you contribute to our eu funds with about $ 120 million per year , which is nothing . 
  developing eastern europe also has other benefits like further increasing trade , integration , peace and stability . 
  calculating net contributions is easy , while the benefits are way less apparent and in your face , since nobody really knows or cares about the single market , trade , workforce mobility etc. 
  let 's face it , immigration is the biggest problem people have . 
  economically the eu is a good thing , but the richer western countries that have seen a surge of eastern/central european migration have started to become eurosceptic long before it was a question of money or the immigrant crisis . 
  the global economic crisis and the immigrant crisis that followed only grew that segment , mostly the older segments of the population that tend to still be quite nationalistic and some might say more xenophobic . 
  if you look at the profile of brexit voters it 's easy to see this . 
  it 's no coincidence those parties are often friendly of putin . 
  it 's obvious and sad to see . 
  even sadder is the amount of people that do n't realize what is going on and are voting for those people because `` they 're anti-immigrant '' , they are much more than that . 
  well yes , when russia asks if they can stay , they do it with a massive cannon pointed towards you . 
  on the other hand , european countries have basically negotiated and begged the usa to stay in a lot of cases , or outright invited and lobbied the usa for more troops . 
  romania for example is doing that at this moment , it 's basically fighting poland and the baltic states for which region gets more us military presence . 
  unfortunately many people are n't connecting the dots . 
  they think these are completely separate issues , like the guy said , corruption/drug/alcoholism problems are bad , but the rest is good , without realizing they 're all more or less connected . 
  hey , i 'm just trying to make you look past some certain superficial preconceptions about russia . 
  there 's a reason why russia 's economy is not diversified . 
  the answer is that it 's vastly easier to control and exploit the nation 's wealth when it 's concentrated in the ground and only a few companies have access to it , the biggest being controlled by the government of course . 
  it 's no coincidence that russia has the problems it has regarding corruption . 
  why do you think the rest of those things are okay ? 
  putin is a corrupt ~ ~ oligarch ~ ~ dictator that has convinced his nation that minorities , gays , and `` the west '' is to blame for russia 's problems while he and his cronies have seized russia 's vast natural wealth ( the biggest in the world ) in order to enrich themselves . 
  all the while russia 's citizens are suffering and getting poorer each year , being surpassed even by countries such as romania in a year or two , thus keeping their society a very depressed one that turns many to alcoholism and drugs such as `` krokodil '' that literally make your arm fall off . 
  many people have to live in fear , violence is increasing , people are afraid for their life if they happen to be certain minorities or pose a threat to putin 's government and so on . 
  journalists are being silenced or outright killed . 
  nationalism is used as a justification to ramp up russia 's military budget , guess why , in order to further increase authoritarianism and enrich putin and his cronies and to further his propaganda of russia being under siege so that they people are n't too concerned about `` fair elections '' , `` democracy '' or `` decreasing standards of living '' , silly things that do no matter in the face of russia being encircled by vicious enemies . 
  all of these things are connected after all . 
  i think his point was that it negatively affects people of the country . 
  bashing minorities and gays comes to mind . 
  corruption is also a big one . 
  putin 's authoritarianism . 
  russia 's great alcoholism problem and very low life expectancy for males etc.
