  it does n't matter what the individual did or did n't do , or if he contributes to society or not , all it matters for racists is that they are part of this group they do n't like . 
  these people post tweets , the other side is actually beating up people and threatening them on the streets . 
  one is a thought crime and the other is an actual crime . 
  no difference right ? 
  sadly yes , if enough people are n't speaking up about it or resisting it , then this is the path we 'll go down on . 
  i 'm hopeful that most europeans in the present are moderate enough and sane enough to not get themselves trapped into this spiral of self-destruction . 
  i 'm hopeful because i see that as uk has voted to leave the eu people have become more active and interested in what is going on . 
  people are finally seeing what we 're dealing with and are acknowledging some of the issues . 
  that 's a good thing and hopefully it will mean things wo n't get much worse . 
  while i too fear the worst , i 'm optimistic that people wo n't let it get too far . 
  blaming people for not being racist or bigoted fuckheads does n't somehow justify any of this . 
  what you call pc in a lot of cases is simply a matter of people understanding that while it is obvious there are problems , creating hate and discriminating against people based on their race/ethnicity/religion is not okay , which is what a lot of people want , sadly . 
  people are simply scapegoating and blaming immigrants for a lot of problems they are n't responsible for , if people believe that so strongly how do you go about doing things ? 
  you try to explain that they 're wrong and then you get shit like `` we 're tired of experts '' and conspiracy theories about soros and globalism . 
  you 're a hateful little duck are n't you ? 
  how about not spreading hate against every romanian out there ? 
  that 's not an option right ? 
  that 's not wrong , it 's fair . 
  if you 're romanian you can go fuck yourself and get beaten up because some of your countrymen do retarded shit . 
  this kind of racist attitude is exactly the problem . 
  no you fucking retards . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union false . 
  it was granted in 2004 for most countries , while france only granted it in 2007 . 
  except that like i said any kind of deal needs to be accepted by all nations , when clearly some are not willing to give up free movement of labor because they benefit from it . 
  you will see , no deal like you 're hoping for will be made and the eu politicians were n't just `` talking big '' , this is n't haggling for a use car , the future of the eu is at stake . 
  losing some amount of business is a much much better option for eu than to concede on one of its most important standing principles of the single market . 
  still true . 
  the majority of people are irrational and not equipped to take on complex decisions . 
  there 's still a lot of functional illiteracy and financial illiteracy around as well . 
  school is failing vast swaths of our population and producing people with atrocious critical thinking skills that end up believing anything anyone will tell them , from religion to horoscopes or homeopathy to all kinds of irrational notions and theories about the world . 
  and much more importantly than that , bad critical thinking skills makes people easier to get lied to and manipulated . 
  call it what you want , but that is the honest truth . 
  because pretty much most of the facts for leave and their promises for what happens after are bunk ? 
  there are very few who had `` legitimate grievances '' , and certainly not 52 % of the country . 
  very many believed it will help their economy , or the 350 million to the nhs , or how it will stop immigration when it most likely wo n't . 
  the uk is barely able to take on leaving the eu , let alone the whole world . 
  you have almost zero people with expertise on the matters that need to be dealt with in the following years . 
  the only idiot here is you . 
  any kind of agreement to the negotiations will have to be agreed by all 27 eu members . 
  i can tell you right now there is no way in hell countries like romania , poland , hungary , spain , portugal , czechia and many more will ever agree to a free trade deal without free movement of labor . 
  merkel and holland know this , which is why they both said there will be no concessions on that matter , they are very serious about it and you are deluding yourself . 
  but you 're going for the very optimistic scenario i see , keep on believing dude . 
  most citizens in the eu are for the eu . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  what we have here is a minority of eu citizens so pissed that they 're pulling the rugs out from under themselves . 
  meanwhile 70 % of eu citizens want the eu to continue, 
  no because it was the most important to 33 % , while it was also still pretty important to many of the others as well . 
  saying that it was only the most important to 1 in 3 translates to the fact that it was probably one of the most important issues overall or if not definitely the second most important after `` sovereignty '' which btw is also taking a hit if you join the eea as the uk will have to adopt big parts of eu legislation but without having any say in what those laws are . 
  considering that immigrants bring in more into the economy than what you spend on them , who 's fault is it that investments have n't gone up and infrastructure is n't being built and updated ? 
  is it the immigrants ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're not the ones in charge of britain . 
  the answer is that it 's your own national politicians ' fault . 
  at least the eu finances infrastructure projects , so you always had at least some amount of investments thanks to that , but now that it 's gone you 'll probably see an even larger drop in investments . 
  the finance minister of the uk already announced that there will be new taxes , he is anticipating an increase in the budget deficit and a strain on your economy . 
  that means investments will probably take a hit as well . 
  the most important for `` only '' a third . 
  so 33 % of them find it the most important , but i 'd be willing to bet that most of the rest have it in the top 3 issues as well . 
  let 's face it , immigration was a big deal to a big part of the leave campaign , just because it was the most important for only 33 % proves that , not disproves it . 
  it was very likely the biggest issue overall . 
  why would britain be in a better position to do that ? 
  britain does n't even have the expertise in this moment to negotiate it 's deals with the eu , let alone with everyone else . 
  what you 're saying is extreme wishful thinking . 
  most countries can only handle so many of these negotiations at once , even countries like the usa . 
  these deals take years to make . 
  great britain is in no position to do anything for at least a few good years , the eu will very likely one day beat the uk to it . 
  uk is n't really a big exporting nation anyway , you 're mainly an importing one . 
  poland joined in 2004 for anyone wondering . 
  you 're far off the mark mate . 
  your entire point of view is drawn on false parallels and denial of reality . 
  the reason why we colonized america and australia is because we could , because we had the technology and because they had resources . 
  we could n't give a rats ass about the natives and basically exploited them as much as we could . 
  this is just pointless , do you think the ghettos around paris and brussels were formed from one day to the next ? 
  i bet many of them came there legally and those neighborhoods have been growing for a long time now . 
  it 's not a problem that has existed since yesterday or 3 years ago , it 's a problem that has been growing for a long time and nobody did anything about it . 
  ghettos are fucking terrible and it 's no surprise they breed extremism and criminality . 
   considering the america 's and australia yes we did . 
  what does that have to do with our population booms in the 20 ` th century that were caused by rapid industrialization ? 
  obviously that 's what i was referring to . 
  can you really compare european colonialism in the 15 ` th century to the population booms in africa ? 
   correct . 
  however it does not have to go on forever to irreparably change the landscape of europe . 
  everything always changes , so i do n't see your point . 
  most immigrants in the west are from your own former colonies and they 've lived there for decades . 
  most of them are citizens and are your countrymen , drawing lines between people due to ethnicity or religion is bullshit . 
  there are problematic places like the ghettos near paris and brussels , but that is very much the governments fault as well for letting that happen and utterly failing at integrating them . 
   this is a example of insular thinking ironically enough . 
  if europe is doing it , the world is doing it . 
  nobody but europe and america is signing on for the open borders experiment and making european nations into multicultural hubs is not going to somehow bring down the nation state based on ethnic majorities as a system of rule . 
  except that this is yet again a red herring . 
  there 's no open borders experiment , unless you mean open borders between eu nations . 
   nope , just us . 
  and not in a way that benefits us or even the world in general . 
  talk about burying your head in the sand . 
  the biggest reason why the working class is suffering in the west right now is exactly because the world has changed , which means that china and other nations are providing us with a lot of competition as they have comparative advantages thanks to low wages , lower work security , less environmental regulations etc. 
  this is the biggest challenge we face right now , trying to hold on to all the rights and comforts we 've been enjoying now while also staying competitive . 
  this is also the point where people wrongly throw the blame on minorities instead of realizing that it is in fact a symptom of the world changing and a call for us to adapt . 
   which is where they must have made their survey to get numbers as high as 29 % . 
  nope , it was nation wide . 
  it just goes to show how skewed people 's perceptions are . 
  if they made the study only in paris or brussels it would 've been understandable , but they did n't .
