  the far right is strongly associated with authoritarianism , racism , nationalism . 
  economically wise it 's associated with state control and intervention in the economy , not free reign capitalism as you might think by hearing the word `` right '' . 
  actually the nazis were pretty big on social programs too , they just reserved them for the natives . 
  you 're just imagining them like they 're some cartoon villains with the only purpose of ` killing infidels ' . 
  in reality , they have their own political ambitions and they use terror to achieve them . 
  killing a few dozen infidels at a time does n't win you anything , creating instability and political/economical turmoil due to disproportionate responses such as this one can however achieve your political goals as a terrorist . 
  just look at the countless billions of dollars the us has spent as a direct result of 9/11 , the loss of life , the whole mess in the middle east that they caused , much of it can be traced back to that one attack . 
  losing 3000 civilians is a very sad event , but it does n't cripple a country , certainly not the us , which has lost more men in a single day during big wars , for years on end , what it did achieve however is make them respond disproportionately and thus making the world and their country a shittier place and in the process creating a new generation of broken people and fanatics that these organizations manipulate and brainwash . 
  it 's not that he met a few of them , it 's the implication of it all . 
  the fact that russia obviously helped him and wanted him elected , coupled with his repeated secret contacts , the fact that at least 2 of his advisors had very strong ties to russia . 
  it all ties together somehow and the implication can not be good for the usa or the eu . 
  it 's silly to believe he 's some russian agent , but it is likely that he is being manipulated through various means towards russian interests . 
  indeed , it used to be pretty great up until then . 
  i did n't only now bring it up , i said immigrants are n't a bigger burden than natives on the welfare system . 
  i said immigrants , not refugees . 
  refugees are n't immigrants technically and i have to repeat this again , it is obvious refugees are a burden so it a non-discussion . 
  the fact that i did n't distinguish is only due to the fact that i could not imagine someone would be so retarded as to think i 'm arguing that refugees are a benefit to the economy . 
  so no mate , you 're just a pedantic square like i said , completely unwilling and unable to have an actual discussion and grasping at semantics in order to `` win '' , like that 's the purpose of reddit discussions , winning . 
  pathetic . 
  a single person was willing to have a discussion and we did . 
  however you have no interest in doing that , your only interest is going reeeeeeeeeeeee you didnt distinguish immigrants from refugees . 
  yes but you are forgetting something very important . 
  unless russia can knock out the main eu powers very quickly , russia has absolutely no chance . 
  the reason why the eu military is underwhelming is because defense spending has been abysammal while russia spends a large percentage of their gdp on their military . 
  in any protracted conflict the eu powers win no doubt , their economic and industrial capabilities far outclass those of russia and so does the combined population of the eu . 
  that 's a pretty good argument for what the op said . 
  because you know ... that means russia does in fact want to sever us-germany ties . 
  i said immigrants , not refugees , yes . 
  you seem to project a lot with your talk about having difficulties accepting things . 
  maybe because it 's obvious ? 
  asylum seekers ca n't even get jobs legally speaking , countries do n't receive refugees in order to make money , they do it because of humanitarian causes knowing they are going to be a drain . 
  you seem to be more interested in being right than having a discussion though . 
  look , i apologize for not stating the obvious . 
  i was not arguing that asylum seekers bring a net positive to the economy . 
  it 's fucking obvious they do n't and they are a special category which should n't really be conflated with immigration . 
  refugees do n't even fit the definition of immigration if you want to argue over technicalities . 
  i was never arguing that asylum seekers bring a positive , i was talking about regular immigration . 
  seems like you 're incapable of making a distinction . 
  you can join in the other discussion if you want . 
  the general conclusions you can draw from studies is that asylum seekers indeed cost a lot of money , as it is to be expected , since they ca n't even have jobs legally . 
  the other is that immigrants that come to work are not a drain , but a positive for the economy . 
  the third is that the native population also costs the welfare system more than what they contribute barring exceptional cases . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  those are the facts . 
   i do n't really see why the fact that ethnic danes had a positive contribution this year somehow negates the fact that immigrants cost the danish state so much money . 
  it does n't negate the fact , it however makes your comparison unfair . 
   in fact , you 'd think since ethnic danes had a better showing this year , immigrants would as well . 
  you would n't think that if you read the article carefully , it was something about pensions and i doubt most immigrants are pensioners . 
  in any case the percentage is way lower than for the native danish population . 
   the unemployment rate among them is just too high for that to be likely , at least from my understanding . 
  depends how many of them are asylum seekers and youngsters i guess . 
  however , removing them from the equation , since they 're a special case , i would think that it is important for countries to accept people that can integrate and have jobs lined up . 
  i 'm not against regulating immigration , i 'm against blanket statements calling all immigrants a drain . 
  clearly the ones that come to work are n't a drain , as it says in the study . 
  i also do n't think lumping refugees with normal immigration is fair . 
   there were times when the ottoman empire did not follow the religious doctrine as closely as the vatican did . 
  how does this not clue you in about what i said ? 
  it 's all about how people interpret it , the texts matter fuck all , there 's so much to cherry pick from all the holy books that you could either end up with a religion of peace and love or with a religion of war and hatred . 
  this is what you do n't seem to get , even though you yourself have provided plenty of arguments in this sense . 
   where did i claim that nobody is unfairly attacking muslims ? 
  another strawman you made up . 
  well let 's see , you seem to have a hard time understanding just what the point of my posts are , so i explained it to you . 
  if you do n't want to accept the explanation then what more is there to say ? 
  you still think i 'm defending islam despite the fact that i 'm an atheist that thinks all religion is bullshit that can be used for evil . 
  the only difference between you and me is that i realize the way islam is interpreted is due to circumstances other than the text in itself or some inherent inferiority of muslims , but rather due to the pretty shite circumstances the middle east has found itself in the last century . 
   because the fucking imams are pointing to the quran and hadith showing them that this is what god wants . 
  these islamists are very happy that they have useful idiots like you in europe to support their agenda . 
  yeah , just like how christians used to do . 
  that 's my freakin point , any religious text can be used for both good and evil . 
  saying islam is stupid is one thing , attacking muslims as a whole like a lot of people are doing is another , and it 's not just counter productive , it 's inhumane , racist and stupid . 
  that 's the whole point of my argument . 
  you 're the one that keeps trying to suck me into some debate about which religious text is worse , when the whole debate started from the fact that some people thought it a good idea to act like assholes towards the whole muslim community . 
  why is it so hard for you wrap your head around this ? 
  the argument is that it 's wrong to do that , not that islam is le religion of peace or whatever the fuck you think i 'm trying to argue . 
  i did n't say you lied , i said that i did n't find what you stated in the link , i did n't even notice it links to a study . 
  thanks for providing a more comprehensive article , so let 's start :  it made the ethnic danish citizens contributions to the treasury extraordinarily large in 2014 . 
  so danes bringing a positive contribution was an extraordinary event , as proven here :  if you clean the finance ministry 's figures for these extraordinary revenues , cost also persons of danish origin treasury totaling minus in 2014 , namely 17 billion . 
  then you have this :  we get a direct economic benefit of the foreigners coming to denmark to work . 
  unfortunately , many not for the purpose , but as asylum seekers , etc. 
  the group has very low employment . 
  so it 's like i said , immigrants in general do bring a economic benefit , and are n't a burden on the system . 
  however refugees ( asylum seekers ) do not , because like i said they ca n't even legally work , so it 's impossible for them to bring anything but costs . 
  now you can argue with me all you want about how they 're not real refugees , but the ones from syria at least most certainly are . 
   according to the ministry of finance is due to a large part of the cost of descendents that more than 80 per cent . 
  of these are under 25 and therefore do not pay taxes . 
  not sure if i understand this correctly . 
  but 80 % of family members they bring in denmark are under the age 25 and that 's why many do n't work , correct ? 
   i can assure you that my claim is completely factual . 
  your claim was factual , but it was not wholly truthful , because it does n't offer the whole picture , it just draws a conclusion based on partial information . 
  2014 was a year of exception and it 's clear that it 's not immigrants period that are costing your system , it 's refugees . 
  there 's a big distinction between the two , so when people mean immigrants are costing the system , they actually mean asylum seekers . 
  it 's true that in a sense asylum seekers are immigrants , but they are a special category and you can not use them to generalize all immigrants . 
  it 's a shame people are n't more willing to talk about these things . 
  all i got was mocking responses apart from yours and people being so fucking sure they are 100 % right they are n't even open to having a rational debate . 
  point is , you ca n't actually reach the truth through a single sentence statement like `` immigrants are a burden '' or `` no they 're not '' , reality is more nuanced than that . 
  i 'm willing to concede the fact that asylum seekers cost your country a lot of money , i never denied it , but then you have to be willing to acknowledge that apart from this special category of `` immigrants '' , the rest do not in fact burden your system , but are contributing members of society . 
  pretty much none of what you said is written in that article . 
  it 's true that syrian refugees cost a lot of money because most of them ca n't even legally work . 
  but immigrants as a whole ? 
  yeah i do n't think so .
