  ok . none of us are in their shoes so we ca n't really understand anyway what made them take that decision . 
  your whole analogy is wrong because it implies it 's just the same if you take road a or b , making taking road a a completely irrational decision . 
  obviously for these people spending eid back home means a lot . 
  a lot more probably than you can imagine . 
  they simply would not have taken that risk otherwise . 
  why do you have to assume they are dumb sheep with no consideration for the dangers ? 
  every decision comes down to game theory , in which obviously spending eid in syria is valued quite highly by them , more so than the risks . 
  i was n't saying they are n't taking any risk . 
  the risk was probably just worth it for them in order to spend the holiday in their home country ? 
  the war is however way more static than it used to be in the beginning . 
  all i was saying is that like you point out yourself , taking the risk to go back for a few days does n't equal risking moving back for good , as the chances you 'll be caught in an actual warzone increase with every day you spend there . 
  when the combat moves closer to the area ? 
  it 's not like these people are completely cut off from the world . 
  they probably talk to relatives and friends to determine if it 's safe for them to go back for the holidays or not . 
  i mean what kind of questions are those . 
  no place is safe forever , but most places do n't have an active warzone 50 km 's to the east , ya know ? 
  ( example ), 
  k. i have no intention in having a legal argument on the subject . 
  i merely clarified that just because someone can go back for a couple of days does n't mean it 's safe and they can move back forever . 
  that 's just basic logic . 
  syria is n't even a state any longer . 
  what i 'm saying is that just because a place is safe at the moment does n't mean it was safe in the past or that it 's going to be safe in the near future . 
  understandably , people probably want to wait for the conflict to end before moving back . 
  currently there 's still a war in syria . 
  it 's not like they enjoy the refugee camps in turkey more than their own homes . 
  the situation however has gotten better in syria . 
  there is ? 
  does n't mean it 's everywhere all at once . 
  not sure if really ignorant or just purposely obtuse . 
  how do you think war works ? 
  it 's not constant and it 's not everywhere at the same time . 
  syria is not even a country anymore , it has no real working government and it 's a battlefield for isis and several other factions . 
  yet you somehow think that because they were able to go back for a few days they can live their lives there just as well . 
  fuck , people really lack empathy . 
  what do you even know about living in a freakin war zone . 
  it was n't very clear . 
  but like i said , not even muslims want to be ruled by isis so why do you think the ideology is such an existential threat . 
  the thread is about deporting terrorists . 
  you 're not speaking very clearly when you seem to interchange terrorists with `` civil '' followers of the ideology ( what does that even refer to ? ), 
  - i assumed you 're just referring to muslims in general . 
  sigh ... isis does not equal islam or muslims , they are a very small subsect . 
  why do you even think syrians are running away ? 
  nobody wants to be ruled by them . 
  isis is at the moment is mostly fighting and killing other muslims , they are fighting for control and influence , and they are losing . 
  you 're basically equating isis ideology with islam , which is patently false . 
   the terrosrists themselves may not pose a threat , but their ideology does again , it 's not like they 're the soviet union . 
  we 're talking about a handful of people that are willing to commit such acts . 
  you 're the one that made the analogy with white people , i just went off that , i could 've replaced christians with white people , since nazis and the kkk were christians too , and it would 've been exactly the same . 
  which is to say , still retarded and racist . 
  well hey i 'm glad we finally reached a common point , you hate muslims , yet somehow i 'm the racist . 
  get the fuck out . 
  you hate people like me because we point out how much of a racist you are , and you do n't like that , because nobody wants to believe they 're the bad guy . 
  well , you are the bad guy and you are a racist , you hate an entire group of about 1.8 billion people because of the actions of isis , because you equate isis with all of them , that 's factually wrong , as i pointed out before , and it 's racist as fuck because you generalize the actions of terrorists to the entire muslim population , holding every muslim responsible and spreading your hate against them despite the fact that they have nothing to do with the actions of isis . 
  that 's pretty much textbook racism right there . 
  lol i should have known you 're going to argue semantics and go `` reeee islam is n't a race , do n't call me racist '' . 
  it 's funny how you 're the most easily triggered bunch out of them all . 
  considering the vast majority of arabs are muslims , they are the same thing for all intents and purposes , so no matter how much you want to hide behind semantics , you 're still a racist that will probably walk on down the street past a brown arab looking guy and think to yourself `` fucking towelheads '' because you 'll assume he 's a muslim anyway . 
  are you saying i would hate white people for the actions of a small minority of white people ? 
  that is pretty hilarious because plenty of white people have done horrible things and yet im not retarded to hate white people in general . 
  i am glad you brought this up because it proves just how silly the point you are makin is . 
  if isis were white people , you wouldnt hate white people in general , just like you dont hate white people for what the nazis or the kkk did . 
  but because they are brown you spew your hate against muslims in general despite the fact that isis does not represent them and are but a tiny minority of muslims . 
  lol but nice try playing the reverse racism card . 
  `` you are actually racist because you dont hate muslims '' lmao . 
  bro , your theory makes no sense , for a number of reasons . 
   high fertility muslim migrant population , an unstop influx of new migrants from the middle east first of all , those are n't isis combatants and it 's not isis that sent them to europe . 
  99.99 % of the muslims living in europe have either immigrated there from the former colonies or are refuges/economic migrants with nothing to do with isis . 
   any muslim loser can murder about 20 young native europeans to speed up the proccess , that 's how they win , that 's how they are winning . 
  lol . 
  any muslim ? 
  not really . 
  how many terrorists do you think there are ? 
  there 's many millions of muslims in europe , like at least 20 million in total . 
  again , 99.99 % have nothing to do with isis . 
   isis 's real goal is for you to be hostile to muslims '' is complete and utter nonse rationalization by desperate progressive redditors with blood on their hands who will never admit they were wrong no matter how many people have to die . 
  it 's not utter non-sense once you realize that isis preaches its own brand of islam , that they kill other muslims on a daily basis and that their goal is n't `` spread islam '' in the way jesus told his disciplines to spread christianity , but it is to gain political power . 
  isis is an organization lead by power hungry people that want to gain as much control as influence as they can . 
  once you realize that isis is a separate element and is n't = to islam or muslims in general , you 'll have an easier time grasping what their goals really are . 
   they are counting on the fact that no matter how bad it gets you will never fight back . 
  actually they are counting pretty much count on the fact that the west will fight back . 
  that 's pretty much what they want , dragging us into a prolonged war . 
  if we manage to ostracize the general muslim population in the process , that 's an even bigger bonus for them , because it means more recruits . 
  i do n't see how you 're not getting this . 
  problem with your whole argument really is that it 's all a bunch of jumps in logic . 
  you seem oblivious to the fact that isis is a political organization that is fighting for control in the middle east and beyond , often against other muslims and that it does not equal islam and muslims in general . 
  it 's not even that hard to grasp this since the biggest victims of isis terrorism are muslims themselves . 
  so really , your problem is that you put a sign of equality between isis and muslims . 
  if you do n't understand why that 's retarded then it 's no wonder you believe the shit you do . 
  your other problem seems to be that you think isis works like some cartoon villain organization that has some really long term plan to replace europeans with muslims and then take control of europe . 
  it does n't even make sense once you consider that pretty much no muslims country wants to be ruled by isis , like , not even syrians , which is why they are fleeing , so this plan that you propose they have would n't even work in that scenario . 
  well , smartass , how do you think isis plans to `` win '' ? 
  do you think they plan to do it by killing 20 civilians at a time ? 
  seriously ? 
  not even they are as ridiculous as you are in your thinking . 
  the real plan is to create massive political and economic instability in the west , make people elect extremists which will quickly turn the population against muslims , which will in turn now be perfect for isis recuitment . 
  currently there arent too many nutjobs willing to join isis . 
  that will change if the west ever becomes truly hostile against the muslims population . 
  suddenly isis will seem like a good option . 
  that is the isis wetdream , becoming an actual caliphate , with tens of millions of members and real power over them , while creating political chaos in the west in order to weaken it . 
  you dont accomplish any of that by simply killing a few dozen civilians in europe , you do it by causing political change .
