  well yes , it 's political , and brits are ignorant if they still claim it should be just economical or that they did n't know it 's also a political union . 
  anyway , your point was not clear at all from the start . 
  it 's ironic you do n't realize you yourself are implying that we should punish thought crimes . 
  do n't be afraid though , just come out and say it . 
  i feel like some people are conflating some amount of `` understandable '' with justified . 
  it 's not justified , even if it might be slightly understandable . 
  although electing populist reactionaries is almost never a good solution . 
   he policy of letting anyone in to europe , the policy of multiculturalism and political correctness promoted by paris and berlin over the years . 
  which does n't at all explain the situation . 
  france did n't just let people in , france conquered those countries where they came from . 
  whatever , it does n't matter . 
  that was a long time ago and now most have been living in france for generations . 
  the solution is obviously not being against pc , how the fuck does that solve anything ? 
  the solution is to better educate and integrate the people that are already there , since they ai n't leaving . 
  so what you 're saying is that it might be related more to that rather than pc , multiculturalism or whatever the fuck the other guy was saying . 
  you 're claiming it is an economical union in the same post you 're claiming it 's a political union . 
  your stance makes no sense . 
  it 's obviously both and was intended as both from the very start . 
  if the brits did n't know that , it 's because they 're ignorant as fuck about the eu . 
  so only 23 % of the leave campaign are foaming at the mouth racists . 
  good to know . 
  that really puts my worries to rest . 
  you 'd think that would work , but it 's a losing proposition , anyone in politics knows this . 
  if you 're constantly busy correcting whatever bullshit the other side spews , you 're going to end up losing . 
  nobody can keep up with all the lies and narratives and most rebuttals are actually complex enough and hard enough to understand that most people wo n't even care . 
  lies are easy tho , all you need is one big sensationalist title in a tabloid . 
  imo what needs to happen is media outlets being held to some actual standards , fuck all that opinions are all valid bullshit , if a newspaper is caught with a blatant lie , it should be forced to retract it in the same manner in which they published it , which is with a huge fucking catchy title right on their frontpage . 
  it 's incredible how easily you swallow farage 's populist bullshit . 
   some people are so consumed by their political ideology , that they will hate and repress anybody who expresses concerns about it . 
  hate and repression . 
  who are the good guys and who are the bad guys ? 
  hey , i actually agree with that , it 's just that in case you have n't noticed , it was the leave campaign that has spread hate throughout all the years . 
  so yeah , people are so consumed by ideology they do n't even realize they 're acting like a bunch of tools . 
  http://lawvolumes.dwp.gov.uk/docs/a9-1001.pdf#page=2  determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , resolved to ensure the economic and social progress of their countries by common action to eliminate the barriers which divide europe it 's right there on the 1 ` st page . 
  sorry , not all of us have selfish idiots for friends . 
  they 're extremely connected . 
  the point i was making is that a real democracy should have real and strong opposition to whomever is in power , you see it all over the west , parties are actually battling each other , trading blows , winning elections . 
  in russia there is putin and his party and most of the opposition is just for show so it does n't seem like putin is actually a dictator . 
  problem is though that actions betray putin , because censorship is a big problem in russia , propaganda is real , opposition gets silenced , media gets silenced , the government makes it really hard to register new parties and so on . 
  you 're right . 
  it is a coincidence considering that russia , one of the most naturally wealthy countries on earth , with a population exceeding 100 million , does not even have real opposition to putin . 
  nobody 's saying the eu will impose sanctions , so i do n't know why you compare the situation to russia . 
  however giving the uk such a compromise would absolutely hurt the eu . 
  it 's choosing short-term economic gain in the detriment of credibility and incentives given to countries that might want to leave . 
  what hitler and the eu want are completely different in both scope and methods . 
  he may not be technically wrong , but propaganda does n't have to be a lie either , it 's manipulation employed through various tools . 
  and i was n't even talking about boris johnson , lots of leavers were outright saying that without understanding how the eu works at all . 
  the uk got all all of that special treatment because it was perceived as worth it for having them be members of the eu . 
  now that it 's gone and the people have made it clear they do n't want none of that , it would be absolutely stupid for the eu to do the uk a solid by giving them yet more preferential treatment . 
  what message does that send ? 
  you can have your cake and eat it too ? 
  nope , that wo n't fly . 
  in fact , it 's in the interest of the eu to make this as hard and painful for the uk as possible . 
  again , it might have something to do with the leave campaign and the attitudes of brexiters . 
  how nice can you really be to someone that compares you to the 4 ` th reich ? 
  now that you 've voted leave , of course people want to see you out , what the fuck do you expect , people crying over it ? 
  if you check out polls before the referendum though , you 'll see most people in every country wanted the uk to stay , because until then , leavers were just some assholes trying to pull a con , after the referendum leavers became the `` official '' voice of the uk . 
  a pretty big insult for the rest of us . 
  nope , we 're all about giving a middle finger to each other now . 
  they slighted us , now we fuck them back !, 
  what can go wrong ... 
  reaching high political office = / smartest man in the world . 
  you have to be charming first and foremost , and flexible . 
  ever so flexible . 
  what he said is still true tho , do you really think the police gives a fuck about investing the disappearance of a gypsy kid ? 
  they 'd at least pretend to give a fuck if it was just some poor romanian family . 
  yeah the far right does n't exist / s, 
  you 're willfully ignorant if you need to ask that question in the first place . 
  he 's a populist that loves to race-bait , is an anti-intellectual , climate change denying , anti-vaccines , war crimes advocate and authoritarian that wants to make mexico pay for a huge wall . 
  at this point you have to be really brainwashed in order to still support him . 
  still , we can trust the americans to elect people such as reagan , nixon , bush and now trump . 
  itt : people saying it was a good speech without realizing it 's just empty populist rhetoric . 
  she 's going to fight for the little guy by signing a trade agreement that states china can violently rape the british working class in exchange for high paying execs making even more money by trading with them . 
  the assassination of various journalists critical of the government gave me a hint . 
  that 's just not true . 
  many of those people would be unemployed , not productive members of society . 
  it 's not really fair to have a single market without free movement of labor for the poorer more underdeveloped parts of europe . 
  the deal is that western countries get new markets in which to invest and export to , while poorer countries get to reduce their unemployment and state burden by having a mobile workforce . 
  without single market access as it currently is , romania for example would probably have huge unemployment problems and the state would be very burdened , this way the millions of people that could n't find jobs here have the opportunity to move to richer countries and also get to send some money back for their families back home . 
  the downside for us is that our own industry and business have to compete with yours , which is n't easy considering how far behind most of them were when we joined the eu . 
  foreign companies absolutely dominate our market . 
  the single market is thought out in such a way as to give benefits to all the members , to further integration and to help achieve economic convergence of the poor east with the rich west . 
  tl : dr ; without free movement of labor the poorer eastern and southern nations would be absolutely screwed . 
  you 're right , there 's media outlets in the west that are pretty much just as propagandistic as the russian ones , the real difference is given by the fact that in the west you have very many sources so information and not all are equally biased or biased in the same direction , there 's left leaning , right leaning , but also outlets with very good journalistic integrity . 
  in russia unfortunately people only really get blatant pro-government propaganda which makes it way harder to form a more objective view on things . 
  the russian population was used as a weapon by the ussr , the people born there are unwilling participants so to speak , but that does n't change the fact that they 've been used as a means of ethnic cleansing . 
  i 'm not the one saying shit like `` it 's ok to hate muslims because of what the ottoman empire did 300 years ago '' or `` it 's ok to hate blacks because some of them hate whites too ! '', 
  lol you 're a fucking retard i swear . 
  btw , it does n't take a leftist to call you out for the racist idiot you are , sorry to disappoint , but you 're not getting anything right . 
  it 's for sure true , the amount of vitriol just can not be compared both in intensity , validity of claims or duration . 
  you 're right tho that everyone notices the vitriol directed against them the most , but objectively they are n't really comparable either . 
  ok , let me rephrase it , leavers hate the eu more than people that wanted the uk to stay hate the uk for leaving . 
  better ? 
  in both cases it 's about uk and eu citizens respectively , but what i really wanted to say is that the leave campaign has been going on for years and it has produced some very toxic , very insulting and very divisive rhetoric , in no way comparable to the people criticizing the uk 's choice to leave following the referendum . 
  do a lot of people think the uk is stupid for leaving ? 
  yes . 
  do they think the uk is acting like a spoiled child ? 
  yes . 
  do they believe the uk is some nazi country controlled by evil dictators hell-bent on destroying europe ? 
  a part of the leavers do think that about the eu though and they have no shame repeating it over and over .
