  they do the same to many of their neighbors . 
  even sweden which has never seriously considered nato is now considering it . 
   trump is a better leader , has less baggage . 
  with clinton you will get what you got last time , a person who is so possibly corrupt that in 20 years of politics managed to amass a fortune of 150m ... 
  i mean , you would think that if you did n't follow their elections closely , but it 's not true at all . 
  simply put , hillary is held to a much higher standard than trump , any little mistake of hers is heavily scrutinized and tens of millions of dollars are spent investigating her , while trump 's electorate does not even bat an eye at all the insane things he says , like the fact that global warming is a chinese conspiracy , it 's simply unacceptable for a presidential candidate of the most important country in the world to say such insane things . 
  if you do n't believe me , check out his very own twitter : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/265895292191248385?lang=en i can find you tens of examples of absolutely insane things he says . 
  recently for example he 's gone all in for banning abortion . 
  it 's been found out this week that he payed his own companies about 8 million $ of donation money , he 's said that the police should stop and frisk people randomly on the streets ( seriously ? ), 
  and many other completely insane things this week alone . 
  edit : now , i did n't want to touch on any of the truly subjective things , since it 's useless discussing them . 
  i mostly tried to stick to the facts and the things we know or are easily provable . 
  i do n't wan na criticize you , but you have incomplete information , you need to amass more info on these subjects and analyze the context carefully , because not knowing the facts can lead you to draw bad conclusions . 
  your parents must 've been pretty abusive for you to end up this way . 
  commie ? 
  i 'm certainly not , but you definitely sound like a far right moron . 
  everyone to the left of the far right is far left , it 's hilarious how off your compass is . 
  it 's more possible on a very small scale , but region-wide ? 
  absolutely impossible , no true democracy has numbers like that . 
  i really do n't know anything about the firing of any anti-corruption investigator so i wo n't contradict you , i just think it 's ridiculous to think that the eu as a whole , policy wise , is encouraging towards oligarchy or corruption , when they 've showed the exact opposite in my country and others . 
  i still do n't see why you would think the eu does n't want that . 
  do you think greece is singled out because of some irrational hatred towards them or what ? 
  the eu has very much supported stronger and healthier democracies in eastern and southern europe . 
  your logic is flawless . 
  what ? 
  the eu very much does want them to do those reforms , it 's the greece government that kept postponing them indefinitely . 
  and yet i bet you have no problem with believing shit rt reports . 
  if the numbers are true and verifiable , then it means jack shit which media outlets report it , it 's still true . 
  not even sure why some of you are trying to defend this , it 's been known for a long time that there 's massive voter fraud going on in russia , but i guess that if you 're too busy taking all of putin inside of you then you may not notice . 
  it 's impossible in a democracy to get such a turnout , come on . 
  and 100 % of the votes going to a single candidate ? 
  again , in a real democracy , even if you put a monkey on the ballot it will still get at least 1 % and prevent someone from getting 100 % . 
  5 % is n't relatively low , it 's a perfectly healthy unemployment rate . 
  any lower and there might mean there 's some issues with the economy . 
  yeah , countries should n't prepare , it 's all fine , certainly russia would never , especially with far right populists like trump or the fn in france having a shot at taking power . 
  never ever ... better not prepare , just rely on putin being a totally rational actor and a good guy . 
  well yes , but in case of an actual war , you ca n't just fight until you reach the border and let the enemy regroup and strike again you know ? 
  sometimes defense means going on the offense and disabling your enemy , actually , that 's what it means in most cases . 
  playing the ignorance card i see . 
  did you really miss the years of sensationalist anti-immigrant rhetoric from murdoch 's tabloids and the whole brexit campaign ? 
  i mean one of their main talking points was pretty much that immigrants are at fault for people 's poverty and lack of jobs . 
  do you think that does n't create hate and division , or are you really just blind to it ? 
  yeah , better to just pretend it 's not a problem because some guy called and reported farage for being a racist . 
  clearly that means things are okay and people should n't be talking about how racism is clearly an issue . 
  it 's sad that in today 's discourse white people have once again become poor victims and others have become dangerous to the point where some think it 's okay to advocate genocide against them ( but it 's totally k because it has n't happened in a few decades ) . 
  i 'm advocating to punish people for their crimes , while you 're painting whole ethnicities as dangerous . 
  furthermore , you 're a fucking liar for saying there is no violence against them , in romania the police themselves often beat the ever loving shit out of them without any consequence because they 're gypsies . 
  words can become action pretty fucking fast given the right circumstances , it 's a shame that people learn nothing from history , and no i 'm not just talking about nazi germany . 
  the `` boogeyman '' is certainly not illusory , it 's just that the boogeyman needs the right context and circumstances to show up , but once in a while , he does , and that 's when the decades of `` fucking gypsies should all die '' comes into play and why such blatant racism will always lead to some very bad things , no matter how justified you think it is because of that family of gypsies down the street . 
  then maybe your police should do a better job . 
  i know it 's all the rage to blame every single problem you have on eastern europe/immigrants/muslims or whatever else , but if your police and institutions would do their jobs properly , i do n't think it would be such a big problem like you 're pretending . 
  roma 's are a small minority in romania with numbers as low or lower than 500.000 even before joining the eu and despite what you might believe , a lot of them are still here . 
  so i doubt those 100-200k that did leave are the cause of all your problems in western europe . 
  source : living in romania with them for decades and them still not being the cause of our problems despite us being a poor underdeveloped country . 
  then again all you really want to do is spread your hate around here , so i doubt anything will change your mind . 
  carry on being a douche . 
  there 's maybe a * slight * difference between a part of the gypsy population committing mostly petty crimes out of various reasons and an organized effort of a nation to genocide an entire population . 
  and by slight i mean you 're fucking insane if you think they 're in any way comparable . 
  we should and do punish people that commit crimes , we should never ever punish someone without due process for the crimes of their neighbor , countryman , national , ethnic , religious , or racial group . 
  do you think it would be okay if you and your family would be under threat of violence for the crimes of other people sharing your nationality or ethnicity ? 
  democracy is more than just elections . 
  even the most brutal dictators like to organize some form of `` elections '' to justify their rule , it does n't mean jack shit if the state is n't actually run democratically . 
   marginal territorial gain , economic growth since 2000 , centralizing power it 's funny because 2 of those 3 are n't even good in context , and the economic growth was pretty much due to the rapid rise in oil prices in 00 's . 
  russia is n't doing very swell economically now that oil is cheap again . 
  yeah , fascism is `` made up '' and populism is `` just a meaningless insult '' . 
  i do however agree it is in insult , but not a meaningless or an empty one . 
  afd is what trump is made of . 
  translation : each time some far right party with anti-immigrant rhetoric talks about making x country great again people call them populists . 
  wonder why . 
  yeah . 
  cuz they are . 
  cdu is right wing too , you do n't hear people call them populists , you do however hear said populists call them far left . 
  because everything to the left of the far right is `` far left '' . 
  flawless logic . 
  the reason it was postponed is because we 're not ready to join the eurozone . 
  this is n't criticism directed at the euro , nor is it some plan of romania 's to delay joining because of your mentioned reasons , it 's just us admitting we 're still way too behind to be thinking of adopting the euro by 2019 . 
  i know but i 've seen that repeated in a serious tone more than once . 
  some actually believe junker is some drunkard that shows up plastered to work , and even that article seems to use the video in mention as some kind of proof . 
  honestly none of the people there seemed to actually take it seriously or have a problem with it , yet armchair psychologists on youtube are sure it 's proof he was fucked up on alcohol . 
  where did this come from ? 
  is it all because of that video where he playfully slaps orban and a few others ? 
  people that know him know that 's how he is , very playful in tone and mannerisms . 
  right . 
  that 's rich coming from the netherlands , a country that is absolutely dependent on exports to the eu , making up about 22 % of your gdp . 
  you really think that would n't be affected if you left the eu ? 
  oh please not this argument again . 
  there 's varying degrees of populism and most traditional parties at least have some semblance of an actual platform that is also realistic . 
  i mean , a little simplistic blaming it on that . 
  eastern europe was one authoritarian mess after another , whether it was the ottomans , russia or austria-hungary . 
  yeah but the real tragedy is that parties like these only worsen the situation . 
  they do n't offer actual solutions , they just say shit that sounds good to people that do n't think issues through and only worry about immediate and visible problems that these parties promise to solve by being hard on immigrants or whatever . 
   the ad said we spend # 350m a week on the eu ( which is true except it 's not true . 
  you 've been paying no attention . 
  250m a week is taking into account only the rebate that you instantly receive ( you do n't pay it in the first place ) . 
  if you also take into account the money you get back it 's way less than 250m , so it 's not true either way . 
  at the heart of it though it 's an incredibly manipulative and disingenuous argument . 
  the whole argument and logic boils down to the fact that the uk loses 350m a week which it could better spend , which is not only false for the reasons i mentioned , as you only actually pay about 150m when considering what you get back , it 's also completely disregarding any kind of economic benefit the uk gets from being a part of the single market , which in the end translates into a bigger budget . 
  that 's my real issue with it . 
  the leave side were quick to peddle false information like that , while also completely and willfully omitting the fact the uk 's budget is n't simply going to be richer with 100 , 200 , or 500m just because you stop paying , it might actually get poorer . 
  what ?
