  what a great woman . 
  true but it wouldve never happened if russia didnt impose communism on us . 
  yeah , the policy being keeping genocidal assad in power because he 's friends with russia . 
  so good . 
   ( i can only agree with `` they brought us communism they 're bad '' part ) well , at least we can agree on something , seeing how badly communism fucked us . 
  by the 80 's we were something akin to north korea , with the direct cause being russia which imposed a totalitarian communist regime on us . 
  the argument is that the iron cross would 've never succeeded in their coup had it not been for russia annexing romanian territory . 
  so no , the iron cross was n't `` the most popular political force '' well before the molotov-ribbentrop pact , you 're just using bullshit revisionist arguments . 
  when russia annexed romanian territory , it gave pretense to hungary to claim back transylvania as well , thus romania found itself in dire straits with most of the population blaming king carol ii and the government at the time . 
  this is what enabled what happened next . 
  it is n't even up to debate , literally how it happened . 
  nope , that was pretty much what happened , romania joined germany because it seemed to be the only way at the time to regain territorial integrity . 
  it 's not an excuse , just a historic fact . 
  sure , i hate that we fought with the nazis , but one does not exclude the other . 
   but i can tell you that his views on social matters are anything but western it 's not like this is specific to muslims , there 's plenty of homophobic , racist , xenophobic and mysoginistic white europeans . 
  it 's more like one wolf and a herd of sheep , since then what 's even the meaning of the word `` elite '' if it 's 2 wolves vs 1 sheep ? 
  i am 100 % convinced that people ruling themselves by direct democracy without the intervention of the `` elite '' will always end up in complete disaster . 
  like the other poster said , at least the elites have the capability and the incentives to keep the stability and relative prosperity of a nation , at least in a democracy where politicians compete for votes . 
  i bet it would take at max . 
  a couple of years for a country like the uk to end up in complete ruins if it removes all its elites and governs itself through direct democracy . 
  i 'm also convinced that while a lot of politicians are demagogues and unsincere in many ways , they 're still a thousand times more capable to govern than the average joe , the average joe which , ironically , might be even more of a hypocrite and a liar than the politician . 
  pretending like the common people are all a bunch of saints while the big bad elite take advantage of them is retarded in any case , since the common people can be just as vile and malicious , if not more so , than those who people perceive as elites . 
  another criticism directed at politicians is usually the lack of perceived responsibility for their decisions , but if decisions were taken by the masses , responsibility would truly be zero , since it would be divided between so many individuals that absolutely nobody would feel responsible when something goes horribly wrong , people would just start blaming and killing each other . 
  it 's related for sure , but it 's not all about money , people have been hating on each other since the dawn of time , especially those that are different or just look different . 
  lol . 
  k . at least now we both know you 're an idiot . 
  romania had a pretty good government last year and many people did trust it . 
  it 's never a situation of 0 % trust or 100 % trust , but the current government is certainly approaching the lower extreme . 
  it 's probably because he single handily did more harm to the eu than trump and putin combined . 
  no , it 's mostly because he was _ mostly _ a good president . 
  i think very few people could argue that he 's had bad intentions for europe , his fuck ups are mostly just that , fuck ups , unlike trump 's policy which seems to target the eu with the goal of bringing it down , for example . 
  the current government ca n't be trusted at all , they have lost all credibility . 
  furthermore , the ruling party is doubling down on their insanity , talking about how soros and foreign companies are organizing these protests , telling people that maybe the brits were right with leaving the eu and just generally acting like a bunch of retarded children . 
  yea but oil income makes up 40 % of the budget or something like that , so it has a huge impact regardless . 
  how does that contradict what i said ? 
  i started by saying that it did rise , but that people expect more and it 's just not possible , do you expect to see a doubling of the minimum wage every 2 years ? 
  it took 6 years to go from 130 euros to 260 , which is double , but it started from a very low base . 
  it 's gon na be way harder to go from 260 to 520 in the same span of time , let alone at the rate some people expect . 
  pensions and salaries have risen , but a few years of economic growth is n't enough to double them or triple them in such a short amount of time . 
  they have to rise organically with the rise of the economy , you ca n't just promise people the moon and then not deliver or even worse , destroy the macroeconomic stability of the country and then be forced to cut them . 
  yeah it is so good for europe it started ww1 and ww2 . 
   even though you might not agree with the law ( i do n't ) , but it 's something the majority of the romanian people ( apparently ) voted for and the will of the people should be respected . 
  yeah , it does n't work like that . 
  democracy is a self-guarding system and it 's more than just the will of the people , for example , the people ca n't just decide they wan na murder x minority or whatever , that 's no longer a functioning democracy in the modern sense , it 's just a tyranny of the majority . 
  as for your statement pertaining to this particular instance , no , the people have n't voted for this , because this was never a part of their campaign platform or political program . 
  people voted for them because they promised increased pensions and salaries , they never once mentioned they were gon na do this . 
  long story short , it 's not the will of the people , clearly . 
  people that voted for them did n't know they were gon na pass this law and i 'm sure many are against it . 
  there have even been resignations from highly public party members in the last couple of days . 
  the vote does n't give a political party the mandate to do anything they please , they 're still bound by the will of the people and the rules of democracy . 
  but that has nothing to do with how good they are `` with the economy '' . 
  they 're terrible for the economy and tariceanu is personally responsible for how bad the 2008 crisis hit us . 
  growth in romania during the 2000 's has almost nothing to do with them and more with the fact that we used to be an extremely poor country that had and still has a lot of place to grow . 
  it 's like how you see +10 % gdp growths in many countries in africa today , it 's not because their governments are so efficient or good , it 's just that the relative peace they 're enjoying is enough to achieve high growth due to relatively small investments that count a lot in the growth figures of very poor countries . 
  it was basically a case of the economy growing after the collapse of communism and the contraction of the romanian economy during the 90 's . 
  at some point we stabilized , even if it was under psd , and that was enough to cause some growth . 
  when your economy is as small as romania 's was after the 90 's , a single investor bringing 500 million into the country is enough to raise the numbers substantially . 
  150.000 people in bucharest , over 300.000 in the country . 
  we 're still waiting for psd to give a fuck . 
  they do n't . 
  how can you ever affect things when the ruling party ignores 300.000 that took to the streets ? 
  the number will probably double come the weekend . 
  in my hometown 10 % of the population is out on the streets , 35.000 out of 320.000 . 
  they will stop at nothing to save their corrupt asses from criminal punishment , they 're willing to let romania slip into complete anarchy . 
  badly thought out constitution i guess . 
  trump literally cheered for the brexit and hopes other nations follow them , resulting in the dismantling of the eu . 
  how is he not an enemy ? 
  oh wait , i forgot , it 's for our own good . 
  / s did i also mention that he won the elections with those stances being well known ? 
  i ai n't saying the us is our enemy , because you are n't , not by a long shot . 
  but trump is definitely an enemy of the eu and many of his supporters are as well . 
  that 's because russia is a corrupt shithole with massive economic problems , but at the same time they still have enough nukes to wipe the world clean and a big military budget which they are obviously willing to use . 
  so yeah , the two are n't mutually exclusive , russia sucks when it comes to standards of living , economy and individual freedoms , but it 's stronger than any eu state from a military pov and only rivaled by the us when considering nuclear capabilities . 
  do you understand it better now ? 
  thousands of people have flocked to the streets to protest , minutes after hearing the news , despite it being -10 c degrees outside and a work day . 
  there are going to be absolutely massive protests this weekend . 
  people are absolutely livid , many are even talking about violently removing the government . 
  this is n't going to end well no matter how you look at it . 
  it 's a very sad day for all the romanians that want a normal country in which the guilty are punished and corruption is fought against . 
  psd basically passed this emergency ordinance at midnight without it even being on the daily agenda of the government , in spite of the hundred thousand people that protested against these proposed measures just 2 days before . 
  people are viewing this as an absolutely disgusting backstabbing maneuver and they are very very pissed . 
  this is n't about left v. right , it 's people fighting for normalcy against a corrupt mafia party that have defied and spit on the will people just so they can absolve the head of the party of criminal punishment . 
  you seriously believe everything and everyone that has ever received a grant from the osf is personally controlled by soros ? 
  the guy is like almost 90 , i doubt he controls much of anything , he just donates money for causes he believes in , obviously this causes a lot of jimmies to be rustled for the far right especially , since he 's the perfect scapegoat , rich jew guy that promotes liberalism and democracy across the world . 
  yeah , better to forget that shit and not talk about it right ? 
  had no idea you guys built a second one until i went to visit the park . 
  suddenly the corvin castle . 
  how deluded do you have to be to believe germany is under us occupation ? 
  you 're not the first one to voice this opinion in the past few days . 
  if germany would ask the us to remove its troops , it would . 
  it ca n't even be an occupation in the proper sense since germany and the us are allied and germans have no problem with us forces being there , nor do those us forces dictate german policy . 
   what bothers me is that people like you have been duped into thinking the us is in any way our friend or that the political parties they prop up are in any way compatible with western democracy . 
  the us literally helped rebuild europe after ww2 and strengthen our democracies while the ussr was busy installing harsh and inhumane totalitarian regimes all across eastern europe . 
  why do you think all the eastern european countries formerly under russian influence ran towards the us ? 
  the ones that could escape russians grasp of course . 
  ukraine did n't because it was too close and too important to russia , and when they did want to break away from them , they had to deal with their president ignoring the will of the people in order to play russia 's lapdog and then getting their territory annexed . 
  you 're delusional if you actually believe that russia is in any way closer to our values and to our democracies than the us is . 
  russia is n't even a democracy for crying out loud , it 's lead by a de facto dictator and it is by far one of the most corrupt , authoritarian and socially backwards countries in europe , where rule of law and democracy do n't amount to anything except to justify putin 's authoritarian regime . 
  you 're conveniently forgetting that us not having good relations with russia is because of how russia chooses to act , and not because we want a return to the 50 's like you absurdly claim . 
  relations with russia used to be pretty good until putin decided to play dictator ( which he actually is , de facto ) and invade countries , while also threatening their neighbors .
