  the climate makes you lazier . 
  the eu finances a lot of infrastructure projects to up to 70 % of their value . 
  these cost many billions per year . 
  that is a hilariously bad idea , which has actually been tried . 
  people actually tried to do that with gypsies and what happened is they went home , partied for 2 weeks using the money they got and then returned . 
  legitimate can have more meanings than one , in this context it means valid , backed by logic , proof etc. 
  that opinion is n't . 
  plenty of proof has surfaced that the russian military is involved , you can only deny it if you close your eyes and pretend it 's not true . 
  that might have been possible if not for the clusterfuck that followed . 
  the greek economy was starting to show growth in 2014 and was out of recession ( 2 terms of consecutive growth ) , so it 's not that outlandish to think they would 've had more growth in 2015 . 
  then syriza , the referendum , the bank run and all that happened and here we are . 
  except that opinion is n't legitimate and has no proof . 
  what 's the issue with bulgaria and romania ? 
  they 're not the ones that are causing issues within the eu . 
  both economies are fairly stable and growing . 
  most people `` decide '' to be where they were born , that just has more to do with the fact that most people are too afraid or comfortable to move further away . 
  yeah i know , but it does n't work like in the us where companies donate to politicians so they can get these ` consultations ' . 
  the government either consults or does n't , politicians have no obligation towards companies . 
  the government can choose to consult with companies but they ca n't pay politicians to get these ` consultations ' aka getting favors . 
  this subreddit is a cesspool of right-wing xenophobic assholes who 's views are limited to ` people with brown skin = bad ' , i swear . 
  it 's sad . 
  why exactly do you assume it 's immigrants causing this ? 
  it 's gang-related violence and as others have pointed out it has been an issue in malm\u00f6 for a long time now . 
  but hey anything to justify your xenophobic views . 
  unemployment is going down faster than predicted this year so they might be ok sooner rather than later . 
  i think that what matters more is for things to head in a good direction rather than the stats themselves . 
   greece implemented more `` austerity '' than any other country . 
  that remark is laughable considering romania has increased its vat to 24 % since 2010 , while greece only increased it to 23 % now . 
  ireland , spain , italy , portugal , romania , czech republic , latvia and estonia , bulgaria . 
  there 's a bunch of them . 
  the ee countries are all doing pretty good in fact . 
  the south not so much , but spain seems to be recovering well recently . 
  you know , there were other countries that had to impose austerity , they did it decisively and early in the crisis , now most are back to economic growth . 
  the problem with greece was that they dug themselves in deep shit and refused to implement all the reforms , bullshitting around for years until they reached this point . 
  yeah , they should just spend more money . 
  so what if they had huge deficits and debt at the time when austerity was imposed on them ... 
  i 'm sure they would 've had no problem getting even more loans to get out of recession by more spending . 
  it 's ridiculous that some of you think the solution to their problems is what got them in that bad spot in the first place . 
  a country like the us that has the largest economy in the world and who 's bonds are the most highly trusted in the world may have that option , but greece definitely does not . 
  only around the red light district . 
  if you venture beyond there it 's really not that crowded at all , you can be alone on an entire street not far from the rld . 
  the us might not all be good but they did a pretty good job in helping western europe after the war , while russia just kept eastern europe in poverty and enslavement . 
  it 's not that hard to see why even ee countries are running towards the us and do n't want anything to do with russia . 
  it 's not propaganda , it was our life for 50 years . 
  simply put , if we 're to choose who 's bitches we want to be , we will choose the us 100 % of the time . 
  ussr was a real economy back then . 
  russian economy today is a joke , italy has a higher gdp . 
  the vast majority of eu countries are nowhere near that dependent on russian trade to be afraid of a default . 
  we need their gas but that 's about it . 
   your corrupt opportunists lied to you in 80 's that if you switch the system to open market you will instantly be rich . 
  then when after 5 years the situation has worsen the method became -- blame the communists . 
  10 after that -- the same . 
  20 -- the same . 
  in 30 years it will still be the same . 
   countries destroyed during the war recovered i romania is way better off without you and communism . 
  the only people that say otherwise are people that are amnesic and do n't remember the food and electricity shortages of the 80 's . 
  people had to stand in line to get food , they had limited gasoline and could only use their cars in certain days , electricity was cut off for a few hours every day , the only thing on tv was communist propaganda and approved programming etc. 
  people had no freedom , people were arrested for ` opposing the regime ' all the time , any political opposition was put in jail or used as slave labor and so much more . 
  plus there 's these entire shitty city blocks that i hate so much , ugly as shit buildings because the communists idea of a nice society was building the most bland and gray shit imaginable for people to live in . 
  jesus christ i hate the communist architecture and city planning . 
  they ruined whole neighborhoods of old and beautiful city blocks in bucharest to build shit like [ this ] ( https://communistism.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/apartment-blocks-in-romania.jpg ) . 
  yeah , here 's the summary , greece borrowed more than they could afford and lied about it , crisis hits , economy goes to shit , deficit is too big , greece is fucked . 
  you guys are awesome . 
  marea as in great . 
  it was n't just the eu , it was part of the trend towards building long lasting peace between european nations . 
  after big wars comes peace , but europe never had 70 years of peace and today we 've come to a point where the eu nations can not imagine going to war with each other . 
  this is a first in european history , not all credit goes to the eu and the union can also be a symptom and not the cause for this , but it certainly fits into the trend of a peaceful europe . 
  the idea of a united europe is a catalyst for peace . 
  yeah , it is . 
  just because you 're unhappy with the eu and you see the whole world as shit does n't mean shit , because statistics tell a much more accurate story and they all show the same thing . 
  this is most peaceful and most prosperous time in all of history . 
  period . 
  if you 'd be transported back in time in 30 's europe , in any country you 'd like , you would beg god almighty to transport you back to 2015 so you can bitch about the eu from the comfort and safety that technology and society provides you with nowadays . 
  you really must have no idea how life was back then for most people if you think that things have gone backwards . 
  my grandparents were 10 years old when they went through ww2 , they had to flee their homes and hide in ditches when they heard planes fly by , that 's the world they grew up in . 
  a lot of people emigrated , but having a smaller population is n't necessarily a bad thing , the fact remains that standards of living have gone high up and society is better off than it was 25 years ago . 
  yeah , prewar europe , dominated by monarchies , fascism , communism , more wars , colonialism , slavery , dictators , treaty of versailles , with a big cherry of xenophobia and racism on top . 
  absolutely lovely ideologies , certainly more sane that those post ww2 . 
  them crazy democratic governments with capitalist ideologies . 
  statistically you 're living in the safest most peaceful and prosperous time in human history , with plenty of warmth , food , shelter , clean water , medicine and everything else you need to live a comfortable life while typing your stupid ideas on the internet for the whole world to see , and you dream of a prewar europe plagued by conflict , hate , slavery , poverty , and literal plagues . 
  dear god i hope you 're just a teenager that does n't know any better . 
  you can start looking through the whole history of europe if you want to , i 'll guarantee you will not find a period of 70 years where no wars or big conflict was going on . 
  maybe the netherlands had such periods , maybe germany and france had them too , but i guarantee that europe as a whole has never gone 70 years without a war . 
  why do you generalize so much ? 
  a lot of people are like that , but there 's also a lot of people that have started thinking of themselves more and more as global citizens and want us to be united as one . 
  it 's only a dream now , but you 're a fool if you ca n't see that is where the world is heading . 
  i do n't know why you 're so against it , you even say you 'll join a far right wing group , how is that a healthy attitude ? 
  it 's not just about trade , it 's the dream that many people are starting to have , a global united civilization that can work together towards achieving greatness amongst the stars . 
  the problem is that a lot of people are too short-sighted and too caught up in their own personal bubble . 
  on the bright side ( for you ) , that future is far far away , it would probably take centuries , so you do n't have to worry about it so much . 
  just keep living your own life in your own country , nobody is gon na force you to be a part of some global civilization , not now and not in the next 50 years , that 's for sure . 
  you mention the international elite like they 're a single entity pushing us towards being united , it would actually be nice if that would be the case , but the reality is that those people you talk about are usually the ones that profit the most out of wars , instability , poverty in asian and african countries and so on . 
  you think they want us to be united ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  that was never the case . 
  you ca n't seriously say that countries joining a union with others does n't do shit to prevent wars . 
  it 's a matter of being as one versus being against others , of course the first option is going to create more peace than the second . 
  yeah , it was after ww2 when the crazy ideologies appeared . 
  i lol 'd . 
  i bet you 're some nazi fucktard .
