  what makes one more right than the other ? 
  hardly an eu puppet mate , the guy is just a corrupt asshole pretending to be pro-eu . 
  countries such as ukraine have a long way ahead of them unfortunately , but you ca n't blame the eu because the people got - legitimately - pissed at the ukrainian president for shitting on their hopes and dreams because moscow did n't want the ukraine to have any kind of deals with the eu . 
  ukraine is a sovereign country , yet it was and still is treated as russia 's backyard by kremlin . 
  that shit is not okay . 
  the eu is n't forcing anyone to do anything , either countries are willing to sign treaties with us or join us , or they 're free to not do that . 
  russia on the other hand believes that ukraine has no right to get any closer to the eu , forcing military action upon them if they do . 
  is russia then not to be blamed ? 
  the eu would be a very good opportunity for a country such as ukraine , but russia will simply not allow it because they feel they are still entitled to exercise authority over ukraine ( even tho the people do n't want it ) . 
  indeed , that 's what i meant . 
  for example trump see 's building a huge wall at the border of mexico and making them pay for it as a viable plan . 
  that should be a clue . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/21/politics/trump-putin-killing-reporters/ also this , if anyone wants to be disgusted . 
  there have been spikes in xenophobic incidents long before that . 
  it has very little to do with immigration and a lot to do with backwards mentalities where everyone that is different is bad . 
  if it 's not immigrants , it 's jews , if it 's not jews it 's gays , if it is n't gays it 's women , if it 's not women it 's catholics , you get my point ... people will always find ways to divide others into groups they can then hate . 
  the solution is to not give into this and realize the folly of such thinking before it gets out of hand , it 's very important that a society does n't tolerate such incidents , otherwise it gives these people courage to escalate things even further . 
  now if you really want to find a correlation between the rise of these sentiments and world events , then you 'll be interested to check out the correlation with economic crises , it 's way bigger than the correlation with immigration . 
  there 's always a rise in these sentiments following an economic crisis , there was one following the 99-00 crisis just as there was a rise in these incidents following 1989 , the only problem is that the crisis in 2008 was not only bigger , it was also correlated with the refugee crisis last year , which made things even worse . 
  but it was so obvious . 
  maybe you just have n't been paying that much attention ? 
  for me , what 's happening is painful , mostly because i tried to warn people for so long now and had so many arguments on reddit about this , but people just wo n't listen . 
  once they start believing that immigrants are somehow at fault for the nations problems , they get completely blinded to reason , and hate and fear start flourishing . 
  sure dude , pc maybe can be a problem in certain contexts , but racism is a way bigger problem . 
  it 's not worth burning any kind of political correctness at the stake because of isolated incidents of tumblerists going mad and allow racism to flourish just because some girl got offended when you said men and women are different . 
  because what happened in the last year is that people were so `` against pc '' that they started allowing blatant racism just for the sake of not `` censoring '' opinions . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  there 's no need to get offended or anything , it 's just sociological facts that 's all . 
  not everyone there is a moron or anything , it 's just the consequence of being a poorer and more rural area . 
  no need to downvote . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_%28netherlands%29  the church plays a central role in the life of bible belt communities and they typically oppose the liberal practices of dutch society , such as euthanasia , gay rights , abortion etc. 
  [ 3 ] in bible belt communities , strong religious tone in public life is accompanied by conservative outlook , preference for large families ( the region has relatively high fertility rates ) , and an emphasis on traditional values . 
  an aspect of bible belt society that has drawn the attention of the dutch general public in recent years ( when concerns of a measles epidemic emerged ) is the suspicion of parents towards state-run vaccination programmes so , it still very much applies . 
  religiousness is very highly correlated with lack of education and poverty . 
  what . 
  you 're right that it was in part also because of economic difficulties , that 's not really contested . 
  this would 've never happened had it not been for the 2008 meltdown . 
  however , the real issue is that these people have been manipulated and convinced that the fault lies with `` elites '' `` left '' `` liberals '' `` immigrants '' , instead of politicians and the media doing their duty explaining the complex contexts of why the british working class is n't doing as well as they should . 
  of course , tis much easier to just scream about how `` millions of romanians are coming to steal your jobs '' instead of educating . 
  it 's also very convenient for populist leaders to do that , because as we have seen it can garner you much bigger support than you would otherwise get for your program , it allows populists like farage to punch way above their weight . 
  farage literally had no plan in case of a brexit , in his words `` i just wanted the uk to leave '' . 
  normally such a politician would never get more than 5-10 % of the votes ( ukip never did ) , but by using populism and fear , he got 52 % to vote against their own best interest and in the interest of people like murdoch . 
  of course , that much should be obvious to anyone with some knowledge about politics . 
  this new global movement that trump is a part of is a slide back into isolationism and authoritarianism , really bad news . 
  there 's a reason why le pen , trump and putin are buddies . 
  they 're part of the same ideology , the ideology of national-populism with elements of racial baiting and increased state power ( but actually just their power ) . 
   if you want to tie it in like that you might as well blame merkel for all the deaths in the mediterranean , as her words have encouraged the movement of those people . 
  no , mate . 
  starting an illegal war based on no evidence and lying to your country is not the same as merkel saying germany will help refugees . 
  jesus , why would you even make that comparison . 
   the eu supported the overthrowing of a democratically elected government and pressured ukraine into a situation that had no possible beneficial outcome for itself . 
  the eu 's utter indifference to the situation ukraine was in was criminal . 
  russia is not innocent but neither is the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that russia is more than `` not innocent '' , the reason why the euromaidan happened is because the ukrainian president was a russian puppet , you need to wrap your head around that . 
  what happened was that the ukraine was supposed to sign a trade deal with the eu , people supported that deal , but the ukrainian president got a call from moscow in the meantime and then refused to sign the deal -  people got pissed as they realized that orders from moscow are more important to the president than what the people want -  euromaidan . 
  what happened after rests very much on shoulders of russia , they illegally annexed a part of ukraine for fucks sake and are supporting a proxy war in the east . 
  of course the eu supported the euromaidan , but there is only so much we can do for them without people screaming about the eu being interventionist . 
   it is not about who caused the refugee crisis , it was the total inaction and incompetence in dealing with it . 
  the numbers have been reduced a lot , the fact is that eu had to respect their own laws and international law , they could n't just shut down the borders willy nilly . 
  you always have to act within the constraints of the law , otherwise you end up causing a lot more harm than good . 
   if they were n't stuck to the euro they would have options , otherwise it 's up to the prosperous countries to fund the less successful ones during these times . 
  that 's how having a single currency works . 
  the problem is that we have a monetary union without a fiscal one . 
  the eu needs more integration in order to solve these problems . 
  another issue is that italy and greece have their own fault in all of this , they must fix some of their problems before they can expect debt cuts , otherwise it 's like i said , you 're just throwing money into a black hole and 5 years later you 'll have to be doing it again . 
  surely you understand that . 
   i cant see any bad coming from these deals especially from china and india . 
  really ? 
  you ca n't see anything bad ? 
  many on the leave side were upset because they had to compete with eastern europe , now the working class is going to be competing even more with the chinese and indians . 
  it 's funny because there was a post yesterday about the bible belt in the netherlands . 
  so i 'd say that also applies for you . 
  it applies everywhere , because every country has poorer and more rural areas , and those areas are also on average less educated and more religious and conservative . 
  it 's just basic sociology . 
   and romanians do n't speak spanish no , but both are latin languages and it 's easy for a romanian to learn spanish . 
  i think most romanians also like spanish culture and identify more with it than with germany for example . 
  of course , but do n't expect many of them to have too much foresight . 
  we simply do n't have a culture of entrepreneurship in romania as of yet , we had communism for far too long . 
  companies care about profits . 
  shocking . 
  i wish people would stop vilifying companies , it 's actually not easy to run one and it 's quite hard to stay competitive in this global market . 
  it 's not just about people being cheap , it 's that they have to compete , and if the locals are asking for 1500 euros to pick strawberries from the fields , then of course they 'd rather hire a romanian for 800 euros , that way they can actually compete with turkey for example , a big exporter of food . 
  i doubt that explains much of the differences . 
  using my superpower called common sense , it 's easy to see that in rural or poorer areas generally have more xenophobia , conservatism and religiousness than urban centers do . 
  there 's `` bible belts '' in europe too , and they 're usually in the poorer and more rural areas . 
  there 's also the fact that the more liberal and progressive people ( and better educated ) from such areas usually end up moving to big cities where they fit in better . 
  it 's a bit of a vicious cycle . 
   lots of racism . 
  indeed . 
  leavers are acting like savages . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-hate-crime-racism-reports-eu-referendum-latest-a7106116.html the only `` anti '' vibes here are the anti-ignorance and anti-xenophobia vibes , which is ** good ** . 
  do n't confound that with hating the uk . 
  people hate how farage and murdoch have twisted people 's minds , not the uk . 
  are you seriously comparing the usa and china and saying that the usa simply makes better excuses ? 
  the usa is much much closer to the eu than china will ever be in the next couple of decades at least . 
  they 're still a developing economy , so cutting some ( a lot ) of corners is expected . 
   also , you should know that it was romania 's entry to the eu that , i believe , pushed the leave vote over the line . 
  people did n't care that much about the eu in 2005 when poles came over . 
  but then the images of romanians begging started appearing in all the newspapers , and the rest is history . 
  i 'm definitely aware of that .
