  people already realize radical islam is a problem as well , the problem is that the radicalized one 's do n't hold placards over their heads signaling their intentions . 
  well , perception vs reality . 
  israel is militarized as fuck , that makes people feel safer , and yes it can also make you safer , but god damn i 'd hate to live in a country like that . 
  well yeah , but i 'm not sure if you really care once you 're dead . 
  in eastern europe car traffic accidents alone are way higher than in western europe . 
  i wo n't even mention healthcare or poverty rates that obviously lead to more premature deaths . 
  terrorist attacks are scary as fuck and sensational as fuck , but overall they 're a small blimp in the statistics of dying . 
  maybe , but it 's absurd to pretend that most of eastern europe is safer than germany . 
  a few terror attacks ca n't change that much statistically . 
  what they do change however is perception . 
  no you have n't , you 're just repeating that `` evul gubment and banks will control us '' . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  it 's a buzzphrase . 
  the government and banks already control money and the money supply . 
  unless you 're hoarding cash under your mattress i fail to see what you think would be so different . 
  yeah and how exactly is that any different from now ? 
  we 're all `` at the mercy '' of government and banks already . 
  that 's not inherently wrong either , it 's what allows our society to function . 
  there 's way too much tinfoil going on lately . 
  unless you wan na go back to the gold standard and remove electronic money completely , nothing really changes . 
   we already experiencing negative interests and we already saw accounts being sized in cyprus and greece . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  we have negative interest because way too many people are holding on to their money instead of investing . 
  it 's not like these things are related to electronic money , they 've been happening for a long time . 
  you 're being way too dramatic . 
  not everything leads to some orwellian nightmare just because it has potential to be abused . 
  much of the world 's money is already electronic anyway . 
  he 's the dog that barks but does n't bite . 
  he 's a populist that likes to scapegoat the eu , but support for the eu in hungary is quite high , he knows that outright coming out against it would probably mean he 'd lose quite some voters . 
  most eastern european nations fucking love the eu , it has really improved our countries visibly . 
  this myth of the eu dying is getting seriously old , like decades old . 
  the eu 's economy is about on par with the rest of the developed world and growing at a sustainable rate . 
  the only way the uk is going to `` prosper '' in a global world is if they turn even more neo-liberal than they already are . 
  the working class is going to get fucked and the irony is going to be lost on them , because they 'll prolly still blame the eu even after the uk leaves . 
  your point ? 
  well , the pre 90 's were n't simple times , but back then what hurt the ussr the most was again its own self . 
  it turns out your economy is n't going to be efficient with a planned economy and 5 year plans which made the factory directors forge documents in order to `` meet '' the quotas instead of actually succeeding . 
  even then what hurt the ussr the most near the end was a commodity crisis in which the price of petrol dropped sharply . 
  the ussr used to be just as corrupt back then , it 's just that people were n't aware . 
  the people were kept unaware of many things back then . 
   would hate to have to kick you out when trump 's president . 
  oh god , you 're that kind of an idiot . 
  it must suck to be you . 
  although i guess that it 's a blessing in a way , you probably do n't realize how ignorant you really are . 
  not really . 
  russia can thank massive corruption for that . 
   all these electronics billionaires in china would n't be so rich if they had to respect worker 's rights and environmental laws that 's where democracy steps in , ensuring that power is n't concentrated in just the hands of the elites . 
  capitalism exists in china because the political system has opened up , many believe that without further political reform china 's economic growth will eventually be stunted and i tend to agree . 
  the problem is that as you said , capitalism in authoritarian systems can produce wealth , it 's just that nobody gives a fuck about the worker 's rights and environmental laws ( for example ) . 
  while china does have many billionaires , per capita it 's poorer even than eastern european countries such as romania . 
  because of all these reasons you can hardly say that china is thriving , china at the moment is still developing so high growth is expected , but the standards of living are hardly what you 'd call `` thriving '' for the vast majority of citizens . 
   the problem is that this idealised version of capitalism with a high level of education and democratic institutions and a large middle-class is n't achievable worldwide there 's no reason it ca n't be achieved . 
  economics is n't a zero-sum game , far from it . 
  then nato is worth absolutely nothing . 
  your view is absolutely retarded and it 's a good thing you 're nowhere near being in a position of power . 
  the us benefits massively from the influence it projects and from a stable europe . 
  religious elements are many times a part of the nationalist dictatorships i was talking about . 
  that however does n't make the country a theocracy . 
  the problem is that the kind of communism you envisage can not be implemented at the moment , not democratically anyway . 
  you need force and you need authoritarianism to implement it , which leads to the problems we 're discussing . 
  i do n't know what makes you think that . 
  yeah but i still think that blaming it on democracy is pretty much victim blaming . 
  democracy was the victim , not the cause . 
  authoritarian leaders have ruled the world for many thousands of years and they sure did n't need democracy to rise to power . 
  unfortunately the conditions were just too perfect in germany during those times and their democracy was not nearly well established and strong enough to be able to resist . 
  yeah , that 's kind of what happens when you give power to the people . 
  people are fucking dumb and easy to manipulate . 
  that 's why democracy works best with an educated population . 
  also you ca n't really compare the state of affairs in germany between the world wars with any other time . 
  the context was just too perfect . 
  germany was weak and humiliated following the war with lots of resentment to go around , the global economic crash happened in '29 and so on . 
  also germany was not very democratic to begin with as it was a very authoritarian and militaristic state . 
  democracy did n't give us hitler and mussolini , they subverted democracy and instated authoritarianism . 
  very different . 
  i 'm not saying democracy can not be subverted or undermined , i 'm saying that democracy has a pretty good track record regarding human rights compared to more authoritarian systems . 
  hitler was never actually elected and nobody voted for him to do what he did , he took power and suspended democracy . 
  do people die of hunger in greece ? 
  they do n't here , unless we 're talking about abuses or such . 
  well give me some specific examples and we can discuss how `` capitalist '' those countries are and where it all went wrong . 
  but i guarantee you wo n't find a veritable capitalist-democracy where people regularly end up dying of hunger . 
  erdogan uses religion to manipulate the masses , but it is n't a theocracy and it probably wo n't be . 
  if it 's going to end up being anything , it 's definitely going to be a nationalist-populist dictatorship with religious elements . 
  how many people do you think die of hunger in capitalist countries ? 
  back in communist times , us romanians had to que in line for hours to get some bread , and sometimes people went back home without any . 
  this simply does n't happen today , for better or worse there 's plenty of food for everyone , even for the homeless . 
  actions matter more than words . 
  western democracy has been doing well for most of modern history . 
  anything can be dangerous . 
  the usa does n't like any torrent trackers . 
  which is a terrible idea . 
  the usa with all it 's woes does bring a lot of stability in the world , many do n't seem to realize that isolationism means a vacuum of power which is asking to be filled . 
  i do n't think people should want more chinese or russian influence in the world instead , although russian influence is quite unlikely seeing as how weak they are economically . 
  people tend to compare populist-wannabe-dictators to hitler . 
  it 's not exactly wrong . 
  at least people are somewhat aware of the dangers and of history . 
  of course the situation is not the same , but there is resemblance . 
  scapegoating minorities , nationalism , demagoguery , overthrowing democracy and the rule of law . 
  i think the joke is that it 's a stupid counter-argument to bring up regardless . 
  just because people like comparing shit to hitler does n't make the comparison invalid . 
  hitler 's rise is a very good case study on nationalist-populism and the overthrowing of democracy .
