  women are still discriminated against in vast portions of the earth . 
  and where did it all get us anyway ? 
  that 's another thing i do n't get . 
  so many people buy into the conspiracy that the world used to be such a nice place and now everything is heading for ruin . 
  can not be further from the truth . 
   maybe you were luckier than me , but my mother is a downright psychopath . 
  she divorced my father , so she could fuck around . 
  i dunno what to tell you , my dad did the same except he did n't divorce my mum and forced her to do it when he knocked up another women . 
  how 's that better ? 
  so your mum was a cunt , well , lots of guys are assholes too . 
  the best lesson you can draw is to not judge a whole gender based on the actions of the limited sample you met in your life , and the same goes for everything else as well like assuming all blacks are criminals or wan na rob you , or assuming that all teenagers are dumb morons . 
  none of that is cool . 
  the best thing we can do in this world is give everyone equal opportunities to succeed in life , there will always be losers and idiots , and there will always be people blaming their shortcomings on others , but in the end personal responsibility should exist . 
  the kind of nationalism hoffer is pushing has lead to some very bad things over the years . 
  he 's a populist in the truest of senses with scapegoating minorities and shadowy elites for all the nations problems . 
   the european parliament does n't propose new european legislation , that power is relegated to the unelected european commission . 
  the ep proposes laws through the commission . 
  the commission is the executive branch and its purpose is to carry out the will of the legislative . 
  the president of the ec is elected by a majority in parliament and his cabinet is given a vote of confidence by said parliament . 
  the relationship is not one sided , they very much have to work together and the commission greatly depends on the parliament . 
   how do you arrive at your conclusion that the small size of the uk market would drive up competition ( for jobs i assume ) and drive down wages . 
  well you have to compare the eu to the uk , the eu is a huge and very diverse single market where 85 % of the trade is done internally , on the other hand the uk is a much much smaller market with way less diversity . the size of the eu not only allows it to mostly only compete within its own borders , it also allows us to have way more leverage and weight in the global economy . 
  the uk facing the world alone means not only way less leverage but it also means that any of the very necessary ftas signed with emerging markets will mean that the working class is going to be in a much more direct competition with these workers from china or other countries . 
  that 's bad news for the uk and its working class because countries in south east asia or china do n't play by the rules , certainly not our european ones that are based on workers rights and regulations . 
  the emerging powers do n't give a shit about worker 's rights , wages are very small and environmental protection is almost non-existent , so that means they have a big comparative when compared to the uk . 
  while the uk certainly has the advantage of productivity and technology , in the end that advantage is easily nullified by the armies of low payed workers and lax regulations that emerging powers have . 
  this is the biggest reason why a lot of our industry and manufacturing has left already . 
  the uk outside the eu will be faced with having to lower their own standards in order to be able to compete with those countries , because they 're going to lose the advantage of being in this huge single market called the eu where you mostly get to compete with other more similar countries that have to abide by the rules . 
  the biggest struggle for the eu currently is to stay competitive in the global economy while also trying to keep the rights we have , it 's very hard even for the eu to do this , it 's going to be impossible for the uk . 
  do you honestly think the balance of power between germany and some small central european country would be more equal outside the eu ? 
  the eu gives a much better chance of our voices to be heard than outside of it . 
  germany is definitely the most influential country inside the union , but outside of it most european countries would have absolutely no leverage . 
  i recognize that germany is a very important member with a lot of weight , but that does n't mean they run the whole show . 
  they do n't . 
  every country has some amount of power , the european parliament is composed of dignitaries from all member states and the commission as well . 
  is germany the most influential country in eu ? 
  yes . 
  they 're also the most populous and have the biggest economy and they are one of the founding members so no shit , it makes logical sense for that to be so . 
  i do n't recognize this german empire you speak of , just because merkel said some things you do n't like does n't mean we 're dealing with the 4 ` th reich you absolute moron . 
   and the long-term benefit is the same as for any other population growth ) . 
  yeah so ? 
  is n't that the point ? 
  they are n't hurting the economy , they 're contributing to it . 
  nobody considers poland to be `` western europe '' , that 's reserved for germany and beyond . 
  greece is n't quite there yet , in fact if syriza did n't pull the stunt they did greece should 've been on a path of economic growth already . 
  concessions will be made eventually for greece , it 's just that people do n't understand that greece needs to show reform first , otherwise it 's throwing money into a black hole , something nobody is willing to do . 
  if greece pulls it together it 'll be fine in the medium run . 
  true that , we 've been through enough shit recently enough to know that the eu is a pretty sweet deal compared to dictators or the mafia that is our political class . 
  thing is uk politicians do n't seem to be much better either , in fact in some ways they are worse than ours . 
  i ca n't handle your bullshit conspiracy theories mate . 
  your hope for the future is scotland breaking away and the uk economy taking a nose-dive . 
  through the european parliament like all the other countries . 
  if you 'd try working together with us instead of against us maybe you 'd get better results , although that 's out of the question now i guess . 
  the commission has limited powers anyway and the more important decisions are made by national leaders . 
  i also think you 're severely overestimating your national politicians and your ability to implement beneficial changes for your nation while also underestimating the good work the eu has done in terms of consumer protection , workers rights and environmental protection . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's very likely that one day you 'll wake up and realize that you 've traveled backwards in timewhen it comes to those things rather than forward . 
  why ? 
  it 's simple `` economic physics '' , like i said , the eu has the advantage of being a very big and diverse single market , the uk does n't , what that means is more competition with the rest of the world which is what 's actually driving down wages and living conditions and not immigrants like you 've been led to believe . 
  the uk will have to compete , and competing will mean lowering your standards even more . 
  that 's the worst part really , in the end the ones that will be hit the hardest by the brexit will we the demographics that voted for it without even realizing what they have done ( i do n't mean it offensively , it 's just that not very many people in general understand the complexities of the world economy ) . 
  japan has been stagnant for a long time and they still hold on to the title of one of the richest nations on earth . 
  stagnating when you 're already at the top is n't the best , but still much better than being a shitty economy growing fast , ya know ? 
  lol . 
  german conspiracy - check something something muh freedoms - check you hate democracy - check be more of a stereotype . 
  `` the romanians are coming '' `` millions '' . 
  let 's face it , the uk has given half the union a big middle finger and told the other half to give into their delusions of being a part of the single market with no free movement of labor . 
  i mean besides the fact that the uk already had a shitload of opt-outs and was always treated as a special little princess , and it still decided to give us the ol' middle finger , what other reason do you need ? 
  i 'm not saying people should be assholes , but it 's a bit understandable why some are a bit fed up . 
  which is absurd , the eu is the 2 ` nd biggest economy in the world and by all projections the uk will stand to lose a way bigger percent of their gdp than the eu thanks to this brilliant move . 
  0.5 % for the eu v 4 % for the uk . 
  any agreement the eu does with the uk will need to be validated by all member states . 
  at least half of them would never agree to give up free movement of labor while letting the uk be a part of the single market . 
  if you think the uk government will have a better time fighting those mega-corporations , you 're more delusional than we all thought . 
  the model for future britain seems to be `` lets sign ftas with all the world '' , then your working class is going to have the big shock of finding out just what that means , which is being ruled even more by mega-corporations and having to compete directly with chinese , south east asian or african workers . 
  the eu is probably the most consumer friendly entity in the world . 
  oh boy , you 'll have a big shock after you leave the eu and realize that now you 'll have to compete with the entire world and not just ( mostly ) other eu nations . 
  have fun racing to the bottom with china , south east asia or africa . 
  i was just explaining what i 've learned myself recently , the reason why average rent is higher in cluj is because the prices everywhere do n't vary much and are close to the prices you find downtown , while in bucharest the variation is huge allowing the periphery to pull down the average , while the city center is somewhere around 4 times more expensive than cluj . 
  fair enough , but leave would 've never won without the one third that put immigration above everything else . 
  in any case , i think this was a terrible time to hold a referendum and i think that all it shows is that at this very moment of turmoil there 's a 52 % majority wanting to leave , while i 'd be willing to be that the percent could easily be under 50 % either one year before or after . 
  that 's why it was such a bad idea . 
  but it 's done so , we 'll see . 
  in any case all the people that voted based on immigration issues are going to be fucking pissed in case of an eea style deal . 
  it would n't mean nothing , it could 've been the platform they could 've run on in the next election cycle following the vote . 
  being completely unprepared is bullshit for a party that has fought so hard for this vote . 
  the rational and sane thing would 've been to make a plan during these 17 years and run on that platform in case of a successful vote . 
  political parties , at least the ones worth a damn , do make plans like these whether they are part of the government or not . 
  you 're just making up excuses for him , when it 's clear he completely failed in not only taking an active role following this vote but also because it 's clear he did n't plan shit , and probably did n't plan to win either . 
  i guess you 're right in that there 's a solid percent of people that have always wanted out , but you can be sure that even inside of that percent there 's been a lot of shuffling around and not everyone held that position simply because of concerns on sovereignty . 
  in any case , if that graph proves anything is that support for the eu varies quite a lot but it has been mostly on the remain side . 
  as you 've pointed out support to leave also swells up when influenced by local circumstances such as economic turmoil . 
  so knowing all this do you think that it 's rational for the uk to leave the eu based on a 52 % majority ? 
  because to me all this proves is that while there has always been a strong 30 to 35 % people wanting to leave the eu , support only goes over 50 % in terms of great emotion and crisis . 
  should the fate of the nation really be decided based on that ? 
  for me the answer is obviously no , but also yes . 
  no because i think the whole referendum was a mistake at this time , yes because i do think the results should be respected if the decision was made to hold a non-officially binding referendum . 
  out of the two of you , i think we 'll choose him any day . 
  very low taxes , good internet infrastructure , low salaries , willing people , proximity to many other it companies , easy access through the international airport , low rent prices . 
  what more do you want ? 
  join us .
