  his point was that eastern europe has fought for centuries against russian and ottoman imperialism which would n't have stopped in eastern europe had it not been for a lot of resistance on our parts . 
  well that 's why i 'm saying that they probably should readjust their attitude if the pro-eu camp wins . 
  it will be clear the majority wants britain to stay so there 's no reason to bitch about it all day and will be put more to rest . 
  like you 've pointed out in the poll you presented people were asked if the uk should leave if their attitudes remain the same , that 's a very loaded question and i 'm sure it 's why most countries voted `` leave '' . 
  most europeans would love to have a uk that is more ` inside ' and less always with one foot outside . 
  yeah , people do n't even do that in their local run-of-the-mill corporations they work for , but you think it 's okay for someone in that position to do it ? 
  the intent is very different as you 've pointed out . 
  that makes all the difference . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i love it that you think you know something like that because you and your buddies are pro-brexit . 
  i can just as easily say most people do n't want the uk to leave . 
  as for me , i would like the uk to stay , but i think they need to sort their shit out , either way this referendum goes , everyone should just respect that , the majority will have decided and that will be democracy in action . 
  if people vote to stay in the eu , then the other half has to stop bitching about it so much , because it 's driving everyone insane . 
  i hope the debate will be laid to rest at least for a good while . 
  corruption is ee and southern europe 's biggest problem , people would be crazy to not want us to be more like the northern europeans on this matter at least . 
  culture changes and improves over time . 
  to add to this , what i think you do n't particularly like about northern europe is that their more introverted as a culture , while southern europe is very extroverted , but things like corruption should go . 
  sweeping the massive differences in gdp/capita under the rug of `` they 're just different culturally '' is stupid . 
  a stronger economy is a stronger economy , it has very little to do with culture and a lot more to do with the competence of the leaders and of the institutions that govern the country . 
  if you 'd understand anything about the current political climate you 'd know the only reason they suck orban and putin 's dick is because they 're both highly authoritarian leaders with a nationalist rhetoric , it has nothing and i mean absolutely nothing to do with them being eastern europeans and everything to do with promoting their ideology . 
  you have n't even acknowledged the shit they say about bulgarians and romanians . 
  political unrest is different from blatantly undermining democratic institutions . 
  nobody 's removing anyone , stop with the bullshit . 
  the eu has a duty to call out authoritarian bullshit like this that undermines its member states democracy . 
  democracy is more than just an election , democracy also means rule of law and having power checks and balances , like a strong independent constitutional court . 
  and you 're just making shit up , the far right especially has always been very anti eastern-european . 
  they 've been calling us gypsies and murderers ever since we 've joined the eu and probably before too . 
  sure mate , dream on . 
  too bad you never once addressed the huge problems of the russian economy or the fact that every eastern european country that went the way of the eu has had way bigger growth that the neighbors that have n't . 
  nor did you address how the sanctions are responsible for the 3.5 % difference , even though every expert thinks that the main reason is the oil price drop and not the sanctions . 
  as for the uk leaving the eu and the eu crumbling , i ca n't even argue with that because it 's retarded . 
  the uk wo n't even leave the eu once they get the facts of what that means exactly and even if it does , the eu will still be here in 5 years . 
  you 're the one that brought the ussr up , so i do n't know why you 're accusing me of beating a dead horse . 
  the problem people have nowadays with putin is that he 's emulating some of the behavior the ussr had and that worries a lot of eastern europeans . 
   what i do n't believe is that living in ussr was `` living hell '' or `` unending torture '' you know , except for the people for which it really was a living hell and unending torture . 
  just a few weeks ago here in romania a former prison warden was convicted to 20 years for acts of torture and the murder of several political prisoners . 
   ussr was simply not the place where secret police stood at every corner and shot anyone on sight for thoughtcrime , as many younger redditors assume . 
  where ? 
  who assumes this ? 
  nobody that 's who . 
  you 're just exaggerating . 
  the secret police was a real thing though and people were actually arrested for speaking against the regime , opposition members were actually killed , wealth was confiscated from the elites , intellectuals were thrown in prison or sent to forced labour camps and so on . 
  by saying the ussr was n't `` that bad '' what you 're really saying is that it was n't `` that bad '' for everyone , but it was exactly that bad for a lot of other people . 
  if you were a good little sheep that did n't make a fuss then you are right that it was n't that bad , but you ca n't use that as a reason to justify that people `` are just exaggerating '' when they speak of the ussr 's crimes . 
   let 's compare russia to romania ... yeah not so great even with all the free money you get from the eu . 
  if you 're talking about nominal gdp then the romanian one increased from about [ 40b to 200b , which is 500 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/gdp ) . 
  meanwhile , romania is going strong at 3.5 % economic growth a year , with 4.0 % projected for this year , while russia is in a recession . 
  we 'll see how long it takes to overcome the great russian economy on a per capita basis adjusted to ppp . 
  i give it 3-5 years . 
   not a strong comparison because norway was n't sanctioned by the eu after crimea voted to join russia the sanctions are hardly responsible for a 3.5 % difference . 
  if you 'd actually read up about the norwegian and russian economy then you 'd know why , but instead you 're here arguing that then russian economy is just fine because it grew during a time of a commodity boom on which they rely almost completely . 
   you 're basically saying that their economy has grown by 400 % no , you 're saying that . 
  their gdp grew from their lowest point after the disintegration of the soviet union from [ $ 1200b to $ 2600b , which is a 225 % increase . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/russian_economy_since_fall_of_soviet_union.png ) many other countries have managed 400 % , but not russia . 
  much of this growth comes from the time of the commodities price boom . 
  norway is just a very small country with a huge amount of oil and natural resources , but this is where the comparison ends , because norway has a way more diversified economy with [ a lot of sectors that are boosting its economy ] ( http://www.theodora.com/wfbcurrent/norway/norway_economy.html ) . 
  norway would be an example of a country that manages its natural wealth in a good healthy way while also advancing its economy and society in other ways as well . 
  they pretty much invest most of the money they make by selling oil and have set their economy up in a way that it can easily survive price fluctuations . 
  as opposed to russia , norway 's economy has grown 0.6 % in 2015 , despite the big drop in oil prices , while russia 's economy has gone 3 % in the negative . 
  the comparison to italy was made to show that if russia was at least as efficient as italy , one of the most inefficient western states , then their economy should be much much stronger than it is , as it 's not only more populous , but also way more wealthy in natural resources . 
  italy also managed more growth than russia in the same time period . 
  if by better you mean richer , yes , the us is richer than europe . 
  so you 're making my point now ? 
  what i said is that italy 's gdp is bigger even when accounting for the fact that it has a smaller population , which means the balance should be in russia 's favor . 
  it was to point out just how weak russia 's economy really is , as the comparison is obviously in italy 's favor . 
  per capita gdp matters more but italy blows russia 's out of the water so it 's not even worth comparing . 
   except government spending has not increased in russia so that argument makes no sense . 
  how can you even say that ? 
  if you hit max on the graph it will show an increase from 1600b rubles to 2800b rubles just from 2003 to 2013 , only then it started to become stable . 
  but from 2003 to 2013 you have a 60 % increase . 
  now , if you look at this graph http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp which shows their gdp and hit show max , you will see a very sharp rise that very conveniently aligns with the rise in the prices of commodities like oil : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/oil_prices_medium_term.png wow , what a coincidence . 
  i wonder why . 
  oh yes , because that 's the best russia 's economy can do , dig shit from the ground and sell it , if the prices are good they 're doing well , and when the prices fall they 're going bankrupt . 
  it 's the equivalent of traditional farming in which people relied on a random phenomenon like the weather in order to be able to feed themselves . 
  that 's russia . 
  tell me what exactly do you think your rhetoric actually does to solve the problem ? 
  you 're just venting anger , nothing else . 
  `` they should go live somewhere else '' , well , they do n't , and you ca n't just make a poll and decide to kick out 23 % of them either , so what 's your point ? 
   canada is the second biggest and they have a smaller gdp than italy as well . 
  must be a shit hole right ? 
  does canada also have a higher population than italy ? 
  because that kind of matters when comparing gdp 's by their pure numbers . 
   if their economic growth is driven 100 % by oil prices as you claim , then yes . 
  gdp is a measure of current income , not money still floating around from prior years . 
  100 % what ? 
  do you even economy ? 
  what do you think they did with all that oil money ? 
  burned it all at the end of the year and started over ? 
  when 50 % of your budget comes from oil and then the next year the price of oil goes up 10 % , that means a lot more money in your budget which you get to spend on all kinds of things , which in turn increase the gdp . 
  if you do that for 15 years , of course the gdp wo n't just drop back down once the prices fall , the real failure of putin is that he did n't diversify the economy at all and is still very heavily reliant on the sales of natural resources , so now that the prices fell russia 's economy is shrinking instead of growing like it did in all those years when the prices kept increasing . 
  how are you not getting this ? 
  it 's not that 100 % of the gdp growth comes from oil sales , it 's the fact that russia is so dependent on oil sales that its economy grows and shrinks based on its price , which is a very bad thing for any modern economy and a failure of the state and putin . 
   and gdp is still 4x what is was because that 's how the economy works . 
  so they benefit from selling very expensive oil for 15 years and then when the prices fall you think that means the gdp falls back to levels of 15 years ago ? 
  of course not . 
  the point is that much of their gdp increases over the years came from the ascension in prices of oil and natural gas , and now that the prices have dropped again lo ' and behold , their economy is in a recession . 
  why ? 
  because their economy is still as shitty as ever and very rudimentary in its dependence on natural resources . 
   yes , and ? 
  and ?
