  however that does n't mean the country is more stable , because often they are not . 
  having popular support is only a small part of the equation as dictators usually maintain it through propaganda and censorship rather than out of a genuine feeling of the people that they are represented fairly . 
  so yes , dictators can be popular , but they usually achieve their popularity through populism and propaganda , not due to their good results . 
  putin himself is stealing billions from the russian people , but they feel like putin is a good leader because anything bad that happens manages to be blamed on external factors or internal enemies . 
  what i 'm really saying is that it is n't hard to have popular control when you have ultimately authority and the tools of information at your disposal . 
  i mean , it 's absolutely irrelevant who said what after it was clear the coup is going to fail . 
  neither the opposition nor the west could 've said anything else besides show their support for erdogan at that point . 
  any opposition members that would 've come out supporting the coup would have made themselves prime political imprisonment material , or even worse . 
  to be fair those checks and balances and turkey 's democratic institutions are way weaker and less well established than in most western countries . 
  the quality and strength of the democracy matters . 
  turkey was always on the brink and the fact that they had to have coups every 10 years proves that . 
  in a strong democracy , there is n't a need for coups . 
  yeah , strong dictatorships give so much stability you end up with civil war and coups . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  strong dictatorships offer stability as long as the dictator still rules with an iron hand , but things change and when they do it usually ends with blood , because the legitimacy of the government hangs on that one person instead of having strong institutions that offer continuity no matter who 's in charge next . 
  they truly are fucked . 
  erdogan will use this to get rid of everyone that could still challenge him . 
  last month he replaces more than 3000 judges with those loyal to him , today he 's saying he wants to reintroduce the death penalty and make the traitors pay . 
  i think turkey is inevitably heading towards a full blown dictatorship , and nobody will try to resist following today 's events . 
  because societies such as the ones in turkey with large swaths of uneducated and poor people especially in the rural areas , put way more trust in strongmen such as erdogan , especially when they 're `` all about religion '' , rather than this vague thing called `` democracy '' . 
  even in the west most people have no idea what democracy really means and are cheering for similar strongmen that have already vowed to bend the principles of democracy and push the limits of the constitution and the rule of law . 
  that 's true , but it seems very likely that the reason they do n't have support from most of the army is because erdogan already replaced many of the high ranking members with his own loyalists . 
  basically to ensure a coup will never succeed again . 
  erdogan wins . 
  that is probably the most likely explanation . 
  erdogan ensured a coup will never succeed again . 
  i guess that 's true , but that is highly dependent on how hard he 'll `` crack down '' on traitors . 
  what i mean to say is that if he moves quickly enough and forcefully enough , there might not be very many people left to truly question . 
  it 's easy to label people as enemies of the nation following an apparent coup trying to remove the darling of the people . 
  depending on how much he increases his authoritarianism , fabricating an alternate reality might become more of a possibility . 
  indeed . 
  we 'll probably know more soon . 
  either way , erdogan wins big after tonight . 
  changing the website does n't make it official , it 's just a website after all . 
  i thought it was already pretty clear that the military is backing off and erdogan is victorious , but yeah i agree we should wait . 
  i just hope erdogan waits a little as well and does n't immediately start purging people . 
  well , i do n't know mate , but either way , erdogan definitely wins . 
  his legitimacy will sky rocket and so will his authoritarianism i 'm pretty sure . 
  this coup was a total joke in the end . 
  they were backed by almost nobody , not even most of the military . 
  i 'm also almost convinced he will use this to get rid of some people , whether they were involved or not . 
  but a large part of the military does n't seem to be in on it , and i mean the highest ranking members as well . 
  that seems extremely weird . 
  when the military intervened in the past they were much more united and action was much more brutal/swifter . 
   reuters quotes mr erdogan , who is still speaking on tv , as saying that he plans to `` clean up '' the army i mean , it 's almost blatant . 
  i really hate conspiracy theories , so take this with a big grain of salt , but i find everything about tonight to be extremely convenient for mr. erdogan . 
  apparently the coup was unsupported by most of the military and all of the opposition , yet somehow we are to believe someone was actually foolish enough to attempt it without any support whatsoever ever and with no plan to capture erdogan ? 
  it seemed like except for putting up a little show , they were utterly unprepared for everything else . 
  now erdogan has a good reason to purge the military and make sure a real coup will never be able to happen again . 
  it 's probably the last thing standing in his way before going full dictator . 
  anyway , take it with a huge grain of salt , but i just find it hard to stomach that the `` military '' would be so stupid as to attempt a coup in such a fashion . 
  last time when there was an actual coup , hundreds of thousands of people went missing . 
   in order for humanity to continue existing , we need to have children the continuing existence of humans is absolutely not at risk in the slightest , that was like ... the whole point of my post . 
  that 's why today it 's fair to say it 's more of a social construct rather than a biological imperative . 
  i was n't arguing whether women are more or less effective on the battlefield , they probably are way less effective , but if an army has 5 million men and the other has 5 million men and 5 million women , guess who 's going to be in a better position ? 
  this was n't really the point of my post tho , it was merely to say that it 's not wrong to claim such things are social constructs , because today , they pretty much are . 
  we do a lot of things out of inertia and not because it still make sense in the year 2016 where humanity has infested every corner of the earth . 
  rape literally happens all the time everywhere . 
  saying that we should just kick everyone out because some small percentage are going to rape people is an extremely cynical and immoral point of view . 
  you 'd be hurting way more innocents that way , but i guess that 's fine for you as long as they 're the `` others '' and not `` ours '' . 
  the whole paradigm is one big pile of steaming bullshit . 
  lives are n't measured in whether the person had brown skin or white skin , and we are talking about lives here . 
  yeah . 
  have you been paying no attention ? 
  the far right and the tabloids absolutely love making a huge shitshow every time a muslim does something bad . 
  they pretty much did the same with us in britain , and it lead to the brexit and a dramatic increase in hate crimes . 
  i ca n't help but feel sad anytime i see a romanian rallying to the opinions of the bigots and far-righters on / r/europe without realizing just who they 're siding with . 
  many of them are the same people that think all of us are gypsies and rapists . 
  who do you think would actually target serbia ? 
  if you 're going to have an attack it 's probably going to be crazy nationalists . 
  it is weird that so many of you are retarded enough to think that is the reason why we do n't have terror attacks in eastern europe . 
  that 's because in modern societies they it often is a social construnct and not some biological imperative . 
  the human race is no way shape or form threatened , it is a social construct to say that women are so much more important and that men should be the one dying , since there is absolutely no basis in modern times for that . 
  there 's 3.7 billion women on earth . 
  wow that 's some twisted logic you employed there . 
  being intolerant towards intolerance is not bigoted , what the hell . 
  when people clump all muslims or refugees into one big category of undesirables , now that 's racism . 
  pointing that out however , is not . 
  really not that hard to understand . 
  there 's a lot of hate in the west towards eastern europeans . 
  they do n't think we 're like `` those others '' but even just looking at british media over the last years you will easily see just how much hate and propaganda there is against us . 
  if trump wins , we can officially say that 2016 is the year the world went insane . 
  god damn economic crises . 
  it really all goes back to that . 
  yeah but on the other hand people misunderstand time and time again that simply being democratically elected is not enough , you have to uphold the constitution and the rule of law as well . 
  there is such a thing as a democratically elected dictator . 
  i think safeguarding democracy and not turning into yet another islamist state is probably better in the medium and long run , but it ends up pretty bloody in the short run . 
  it 's pretty hard to come to any conclusions at the moment , but what we do know for sure that erdogan has indeed started playing the game of `` let 's see how far i can push the limits '' starting a few years ago . 
  needless to say things were n't looking good either way . 
  i guess that 's true and it 's a shame it has come to this . 
  but it 's not the first time the turkish military has to act in order to remove the cancer of fundamentalism from the government and the erosion of democracy . 
  sometimes bad things need to happen in order for things to be better down the road , because i do n't think erdogan would 've lead turkey towards a very good place . 
  at the rate he was going , turkey was going to end up like countries such as syria or iraq . 
  i think it 's generally considered that the turkish military is secular and is pro-constitutional order . 
  erdogan was very rapidly driving turkey off the cliff of secularism and straight towards a dictatorship and increased islamism . 
  it 's hard to say for now whether this is good or not , but in any case turkey was not heading in the right direction . 
  and i was talking about the fact that i 'm almost 100 % sure that whatever you are gon na say is related to punishing thought crime . 
  either say it or do n't , but i 'm pretty sure it relates to hurting people that had nothing to do with the attack . 
  while i agree it 's wrong , i do n't see how you can possibly think that further criminalizing thought crimes is a solution . 
  yeah , because electing national-populists has certainly worked out so well for us in the past / s,
