  by undermining it 's own credibility and thinking that by giving special treatment to the uk they 'll stay on board . 
  as it turns out giving special treatment to the uk and the most opt outs served only to culminate into this shitshow of a referendum where the leave campaign thought it proper to give a big middle finger to the eu , the rest of the member states and to all of the hard working eu citizens that wanted to make the uk their home . 
  the only thing that needs to be `` rethinked '' is for people to be more aware of corruption and who they vote for . 
  people everywhere need to apply more pressure democratically in order to get better leaders , instead everyone is just throwing their arms up and having a mass victim delusion pretending they ca n't change anything , all the while they keep voting against their best interest and choosing corrupt demagogues or populists over anyone with a decent and honest platform . 
  good thing inflation does n't just mean the prices of watches or gold . 
  yes , you 're right of course , everyone did get poorer after the 2008 crash , but that has nothing to do with the 16 year period you mentioned and your numbers are still way off . 
  before 2008 for example most countries had a peak of income like never seen before , but the crash really fucked all of us and the fact that the economy has n't really bounced back as it should have is causing some major frustrations . 
  you can however blame that on national governments for refusing to make structural reforms and continuing policies that only widen inequality . 
  still waiting on numbers regarding income rising by 10 % in 16 years and inflation by 50 % . 
  that would mean real median wages going down and per capita gdp dropping . 
  yeah , i was n't even sure who made up the g20 . 
  right you are , although i was comparing china to western nations with proven capitalist systems . 
  yeah , that 's not true . 
  you wo n't be able to provide numbers for that . 
  portugal did n't magically get 40 % poorer in the last 16 years on a per capita basis . 
  it was much much much worse than what you find in capitalism . 
  people think that rich people having disproportionate influence on our democratic systems is bad , but in the same breath think that the whole economy of a country being controlled by literally one person and usually his friends/family is somehow better . 
  because that 's what communism really meant in eastern europe , it was a brutal dictatorship enforced by political imprisonment , assassinations and forced labor camps or gulags . 
  the divide was actually much worse because close members of the ruling ( and only ) party were not only much richer and had much better lives and enjoyed much more freedom , they were also above the law and wielded power much more disproportionately over the common man than the rich do now . 
  yeah , they had so much food security they died by the millions . 
  we will probably see africa in our lifetime be much more `` secure '' than it ever was if they keep up this growth . 
  then you 'll have to eat your words . 
  the economy is something you work on , you ca n't expect people to be cattle farmers forever . 
  then you should know that china is still poorer than the rest of the g20 nations when it comes to per capita gdp and not simply comparing gdp sizes . 
  funny thing is that based on some anecdotal observations in most cases it 's always the south/east doing worse . 
  i have no idea why . 
  it is a giant fight over nothing , only that for a lot of people it 's obvious that some are trying to get their way by stepping on the principles the eu was founded on . 
  it 's also not fair for a lot of countries in the eu , because without free movement of labor the strong western nations would benefit way more than the poor eastern ones . 
  there 's a reason why free movement of labor is an integral part of the single market and expecting the eu to bend at the whim of certain countries or better yet parts of the population of certain countries would only serve to alienate many that currently support the eu . 
  it 's a stupid strategy to pander so much and be willing to compromise on core principles in favor of people that already want out and hoping that it will satisfy them , when the much more likely scenario is that those that hate the eu will still hate it and those that currently love what the eu for what it is will only be very pissed off . 
  now if you look at the year 2016 that 48 % for russia is going to be lower than the percentages of all the rest of the countries on that list . 
  oh , trust me , there 's varying degrees of corruption . 
  by campaigning for a very dumb cause using lies , xenophobia baiting and just generally fearmongering and causing people to collectively voting against their best interest ? 
  the uk has n't even activated article 50 yet . 
  still , there wo n't be anything that dramatic as to notice from one week to the next , what will happen is that the uk will lose out on several percents of economic growth and some hundred thousands of jobs . 
  wow , way too be completely oblivious to history or context . 
  rape was extremely common back in the `` good old days '' of the 20 ` th century , it 's just that it was almost never reported because women were very unequal to men and you had the attitude that somehow it was still the woman 's fault , people back then acted much like the muslims people love to cite in statistics to prove how inferior they are . 
  women were viewed completely differently than they are today , there were n't even dna tests to prove anything unless there were witnesses or a confession and police were much more incompetent and unwilling to investigate such cases . 
  actually both can be good and bad words depending on the context . 
  direct democracy can be a terrible thing , while populism can sometimes be a good thing . 
  populism based on xenophobia baiting and creating imaginary enemies for the people to hate is however one of those bad instances of populism . 
  a good example would be `` the new deal '' in the usa that greatly lifted the standards of living of the us population , this latter one was similar to the whole `` 1 % '' and huge inequality people are protesting against today and a desire for more government spending on social safety nets . 
  but like i said , populism based on `` immigrants are stealing your jobs '' , `` eu = 4 ` th reich '' and `` tired of experts '' is most definitely the bad kind . 
  i suspect you may have never seen a plastered person in your entire life . 
  if he was `` drunk out of his fucking mind '' he would n't even be able to stand still , let alone make conversation or speak without slurring words . 
  is that supposed to validate your claim ? 
  when europeans started this project and since then in the following decades most people were and stayed pro-eu , even in the uk . 
  the fact that the uk got a 52 % majority to leave the union after a financial meltdown and the refugee crisis with the leave side constantly lying to people , baiting xenophobia , and just generally taking advantage of the ignorance of british people on the eu , does n't in fact mean that somehow all people everywhere are against the eu . 
  in fact , the uk was the biggest eurosceptic country in the eu always . 
  the majority of people are pro-eu , make no mistake . 
  he 's fucked out of his mind because a youtuber said so in the video 's description . 
  sure mate . 
  nope , that 's pretty much just junker , most politicians know he 's like that . 
  in fact , if you look closely , you 'll see all of them smiling and laughing along , it 's clearly just friendly banter and here you are being all butthurt in their place . 
  yeah he 's known to be that way , that does n't mean he 's incompetent or a drunk . 
  banter is banter and i doubt any of them really minded , most of them were laughing with him , yet here you are being butthurt in their place . 
  why some countries want to leave the union is almost always completely unrelated to the actual union . 
  what i was saying is that clearly people want a stronger union , how that union is supposed to use its strength is of course different for every person , but like i said that 's normal in any kind of democracy . 
  people should go out and vote in the ep elections if they want their voices to be heard , because that 's how we do it in democracy . 
  the media almost always focuses on negatives because that 's what brings the best ratings . 
  it 's probably why people in general feel like the world is going to shit while in reality we 're doing better than ever . 
  no cognitive dissonance whatsoever actually , because generalizing can be somewhat accurate if you do it based on rational thinking rather than just saying whatever sounds good or what others want to hear . 
  i 'm basing this on the demographics of ukip voters and people that have voted leave in general combined with the fact that many of them did so based on lies , misinformation and populist rhetoric . 
  `` tired of experts '' `` the elites are lying to you '' `` immigrants are taking your jobs '' fits right in with `` virtually none of you had proper jobs '' because that 's what most of them believed and were led to believe , that the whole eu is made up of faceless bureocrats who 's whole life purpose is to push paper around and make life hard for the common and honest hard working british ( also taken out of the populist handbook ) . 
  it 's not that hard , the world is globalizing faster and faster , in that context being alone instead of inside the eu will not be a good thing for a nation as small as the uk , let alone finland . 
  education is a national affair . 
  people should blame no other than their own governments for failing to address these important aspects of life in school . 
  yeah , much left-green establishment indoctrination . 
  literally what . 
  that 's because people like him think any kind of knowledge is some political opinion that can be wrong . 
  that 's anti-intellectualism right there . 
  `` why teach kids in school about our political systems , only i know the truth . '', 
  against corruption . 
  the pm was already indicted earlier that year and he refused to resign , people begrudgingly accepted it since `` innocent until proven guilty '' and all of that , but after the tragedy everybody directed their anger at corruption since that was what enabled all those deaths and the pm was just the most visible symbol of that corruption . 
  the graph does n't show that there 's consensus on how the eu should be acting , because that 's true of people in any nation anywhere . 
  what it does show however is that most people do in fact want the eu to be more involved , in one way or another . 
  that is a positive thing for the eu because it pretty much means people want a strong union . 
  but that 's like saying that losing $ 50 but making $ 10 in return is somehow a benefit . 
  a benefit would be if the net outcome would be positive , not highly negative . 
  i do n't need a better analysis because what he said is what he said , it 's obvious for almost everyone that knows this guy that he just makes shit up that sounds sensationalist . 
  the guy is a proper populist and that 's where these phrases come from , straight from the populist handbook . 
  so when he says that , he 's talking to his electorate , i doubt he himself believes it , i 'm sure that he knows many of his colleagues and the fact that they did have proper jobs before , but his electorate is the kind that would say something like that . 
  i think you 're exaggerating the amount of influence money has on us politics . 
  money has influence in politics everywhere , there 's a long stretch from that to the usa being an oligarchy . 
  besides that i can understand your point of view , but these trade deal consists of negotiations and compromise on both sides , not just ours . 
  the eu is a relative equal to the usa so i do n't think that they can just jam everything they want down our throats . 
  if that were the case the trade deal would just never pass . 
  maybe we 'd lose out on some regulations in certain things , but the usa might have to conform to ours in others . 
  the eu could give up their silly ban of gmos for example while the us could enforce stricter food regulations . 
  you 're tying together completely unrelated issues and they lead nowhere . 
  you 're complaining about having a hard time finding a job or canada not doing so well ** currently ** , when we 've already established that it 's probably because of the boom and bust of the oil industry and not because of globalization like you so stubbornly keep arguing . 
   but that 's the problem with you economists , you lose sight of the human element . 
  what makes you assume i am one ? 
  is it because you feel the need to divide people between `` regular honest working class folks '' and `` out of touch economists '' ? 
  i 'm not an economist but i 'm not falling for populism either , that 's the only real distinction between the two of us . 
  if the economy is doing badly , then everyone will get to suffer except the elites that are already richer than sin , if the economy is doing better the rich get even richer , but at least everyone else is doing better themselves from one year to the next . 
  it feels like people are choosing the first option because things are n't going as well as they 'd like , because make no mistake , events like the brexit will hit the working class and regular people the hardest . 
  people should be focusing on fixing the inequalities being created and making sure median wage is actually keeping up with gdp , not destroying what we 've built . 
  another clarification : booms and busts also happen and have been happening since forever , it has nothing to do with liberal economic policies , in fact , policies such as `` the new deal '' have led to massive improvements in life quality for americans and those were liberal in nature . 
  it 's also not just `` cheaper iphones '' that you benefit from , it 's cheaper everything that can be manufactured more efficiently in other places .
