  what anti-corruption effort ? 
  there was no anti-corruption effort until about 2011-2012 . 
  that 's well after we joined and it was only made possible because the eu had a lot more to say and threaten with once we were in the union . 
  it 's funny you should say that because the political climate in romania is probably better than it is in many western states at the moment . 
  there 's no populist or extremist parties whatsoever . 
  yeah , easy for you to say all the way from sweden , our lives really improved thanks to the eu but whatever . 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking that the eu only expanded out of goodwill , but the eu gets benefits from enlarging its single market , growing its influence and stabilizing the eastern half of europe as well . 
  of course there 's no need though , the eu can do just fine without serbia , but that does n't mean it 's the better option for the eu or serbia . 
   he eu can , in my opinion , exert more pressure on a candidate country than on a member state . 
  in fact , we 've seen a number of new member states backtracking as soon as they were admitted . 
  which are those ? 
  i doubt corruption actually worsened in any of the newer admissions . 
  i know for sure things improved in countries like romania and poland after admission , and even though bulgaria is lagging behind i 'm sure people can confirm it 's still better than 10 years ago . 
  both of those things improve our economies , not diminish them . 
  it helps serbia and it helps the eu . 
  you do n't actually think the eu has expanded this much just out of good will for eastern europe right ? 
  does the fact that orban acts like buddie buddies with putin not concern you at all ? 
  my mind is blown right now . 
  what is this not the internet ? 
  just joking . 
  yeah me too . 
  there really is beauty in living off the land and some people are truly drawn to it , it 's just that for the vast majority , for their children , it would be better if africa started to move past their colonial and pre-colonial past . 
  yeah , talk to me again when you learn the very basics of economy , politics or how the world functions . 
  because at the moment it 's clear you 're living in fairy land with the magical local people . 
  it 's not even that i do n't believe you that they 're happy with their lives , i myself grew up in the countryside of romania and my grandparents themselves went from living in a very agrarian society working the fields through industrialization and eventually modern day romania ( they died a few years ago ) . 
  guess how they remembered their past ? 
  hint : it was n't with the rose tinted glass bullshit you 're wearing , because what they saw during their lifetime could only lead them to one logical conclusion , in my grandfathers own words `` normal people today live better that the nobility did back when i was a child '' . 
  that about sums it up . 
  access to electricity , sewage , running water , medicine , technology , that does n't come when big parts of the country are agrarian , people in the cities are n't magically going to be giving out those things to those living off the land in the countryside and the country will never be able to provide for its people and have social safety nets if big parts of the population are subsistence farmers . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's just basic economics and common sense really . 
  those people are happy living off the land and why should n't they be ? 
  it 's all they really know , good for them , but they would never go back either if the country skipped 20 years forward through industrialization . 
   it gives the message ( intentionally or not ) that said person holds a specific culture in higher regard than the one that accepted them . 
  why would anyone interpret in that way ? 
  i 'd say the problem in that case lies with the one that takes it as some personal affront . 
  the world would be much better if people would be less concerned with how people dress or the language they speak . 
  like i said , what matters is respecting the laws , customs and people , if everyone does that what exactly is the problem ? 
  just because some people have a boner for dividing people into inferior or superior cultures or taking personal offense anytime someone acts or dresses differently does n't mean that you should give up dressing however the fuck you want or celebrating some hindu holiday . 
  dude , living off the land is not a way to achieve acceptable living standards for the 21 ` st century . 
  i can not believe that you 've managed to convince yourself that it could be . 
  if you like shit like medicine , vaccines , technology , electricity , running clean water or basically any of the things we take for granted today then living off the land is definitely not the way to go . 
  botswana had a stroke of good luck by not having a total cunt of a leader back in the 80 's , that 's pretty much the only `` exception '' there , because otherwise they 're just as african as everyone else . 
  the only thing i can agree with is that industrialization is n't something that just happens overnight ( obviously ) and it 's not always such a sweet journey for everyone ( again , obviously ) . 
  but saying it 's not worth to industrialize because some factory workers kill themselves makes no sense , living standards in china have improved significantly and nowadays their wages are starting to converge with those in the west pretty fast , living and working conditions are also improving and china is doing a lot to invest in science/renewable energy/infrastructure and so on . 
  do you think that in 20 years time you can go tell the chinese that `` hey guys , i do n't think this industrialization was worth it , were n't you better off living on the land in your dirt poor villages ? '', 
  i do n't think we have much more , but the name thing is definitely the one that sealed the deal . 
  literally the basics of economy . 
  except language apparently . 
  or you know , the way simpler explanation is that people are racist and xenophobic idiots no matter whether they are immigrants themselves or not . 
  people really have no sense of irony . 
  it 's the same as when i see my fellow romanians agreeing with the western far right on their stance on muslims , gays , jews or whatever without having the self-awareness to realize that that they 're agreeing with people that hate their guts just as much . 
  that 's a very bad metric to judge things on . 
  people usually hold their native culture dear , that does n't mean anything by itself . 
  what matters is if they respect the laws , customs and people of their adoptive country . 
  what i 'm saying is that you can be well-integrated , respectful and hardworking even if you still dress in traditional clothing , so that 's a really bad method to judge individuals by . 
   it was indeed an error for the rise of absolute monarchs though . 
  i 'm saying that 's inevitable in the system you 're proposing . 
   like i said , these kings were not autocrats , but more like judges of high standing . 
  no but those local lords were . 
   compared to what , conditions today ? 
  that 's an unfair comparison . 
  i believe we 'd be much , much better off had that system endured until the present day . 
  not much progress has been achieved in those days . 
   if someone takes advantage of a city-state , then the damage is limited to that city-state . 
  if someone takes advantage of a nation-state today , the damage is far greater . 
  what do you think will happen if trump becomes president , and has the power of the presidency ? 
  is it better that trump is the president of the us ( and it 's global empire ) , or say just the mayor of of new york city ? 
  it 's better if he stays the mayor of ny , but at the same time thanks to how the usa is built and its democracy , trump ca n't really fuck up things too badly even if he does become president . 
  the problem with the system you 're proposing is that if trump was `` mayor of ny '' in your system it would n't take long until ny would start absorbing the city states around it and trump would become king trump and then emperor trump , except that now there 'd be nothing holding him back aaaaand we 're back to mid-late middle ages again . 
  it 's inevitable really because of human nature . 
  you can look no further than botswana for that . 
  cultural differences are vastly overblown . 
  culture derives from the environment , most of the continent has never even had the chance to live like a european , so it 's easy for you to say they 'd rather toil in the field all day than work in an air conditioned building . 
  culture changes just like the political and economical environment does . 
  the `` economy '' is n't a fucking invention either , what are you 5 years old ? 
  the economy is a fact , however the economy can be very primitive and mostly agrarian , or it can be highly developed and industrialized . 
  guess which raises the living standards of humans the most ? 
  it 's also disgusting to hear you talk about fulfillment the africans felt in pre-colonial days considering that for the vast majority of them life was just as hard and shitty with warlords fighting among them , slavery , famine , disease and everything else . 
   as opposed to the lies told by the remain campaign - such as the punishment budget , a rise in interest rates , ww3 and an end to western civilisation . 
  the uk has n't even activated article 50 yet and have no intention of doing so for quite some time . 
  what you saw so far was just the shock following the vote and a signal of how the markets react to brexit news . 
  not good . 
  as for your ww3 claim , that 's just bullshit , nobody thought that the brexit would cause ww3 , but that it might destabilize europe which is true . 
  and how exactly did life look like for the common man back then ? 
  one that was not part of the aristocracy ? 
  did that kind of system actually lead to real growth or did it stagnate for vast periods of time because the `` competition '' you mention was nothing more than highly authoritarian local figures fighting for control . 
   the period has been labelled the `` dark ages '' , a characterization highlighting the relative scarcity of literary and cultural output from this time i wonder why . 
  your utopia totally disregards human nature . 
  power always tends to accumulate . 
  it did n't take long until those absolute monarchs started appearing , because in that world the incentive to be a conqueror was very great . 
  if everyone is organized in small city-states or kingdoms , then there will always be those willing to take advantage . 
  referring to the state as some kind of a single entity only makes sense when you 're talking about highly authoritarian systems . 
  my point was that it is precisely the nature of a democracy that prevents that from happening . 
  the state is thus a much better representation of its people that offers broad rights and powers to individuals . 
  what you do n't want is increased authoritarianism which is just the concentration of power into the hands of the few , be it on a local level or larger than that . 
  it does n't matter how big the unit we 're talking about is , it can be an autonomous village , a city-state , a nation , a federation or a global spanning empire , any one of them is vulnerable to the accumulation of power into the hands of the very few because of human nature itself . 
  our systems are built in such a way as to offer more protection and rights for the many and prevent abuses like those that most frequently occur in systems that are highly authoritarian . 
  i feel like we 're talking about different things here anyway , because i have the feeling that the system you 'd want in place is nothing more than a utopia based on the way i view humankind in the present . 
  fought to improve them ?
