  also , despite your efforts of whataboutism on what the us does or does not do ( which seem to pop up in every single post defending russia ) , it does n't change the fact that european interests are way more aligned with those of the us than with russia 's interests , which are detrimental to many european countries and especially the eastern ones . 
   if political parties need financing and it is legal for russia to loan them money , what exactly is wrong with that ? 
  or is it the fact they are not left wing parties that bothers you ? 
  are you seriously asking what 's the big deal about a country that clearly does n't have our best intentions in mind financing extremist movements all across europe and waging a propaganda war against us ? 
  what bothers me is that people like you have been duped into thinking russia is in any way our friend or that the political parties they prop up are in any way compatible with western democracy . 
  they are financing these parties and helping them because they 're trying to divide europe and weaken it for their own gain , and you see nothing wrong with this , but even support it on the basis that the us does shady shit too . 
  lol . 
  as a personal note , regarding your what about the us : the us actually helped bring democracy throughout europe and strengthen it , while providing defense and aid when we were at out most vulnerable . 
  so yeah , i 'll take more of the us , please . 
  russia would provide nothing but poverty and ruin , they 're not into democracy building , they 're into subjugating . 
  i 'm sure the fact that some of these alt-right parties are financed by russia and clearly share a pro-russian agenda is just a coincidence . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it really is n't some hidden conspiracy , you just have to open your eyes . 
  it 's clear why the alt-right rising to power would benefit russia and it 's clear why they help them with funds and through their media . 
  populists on both sides were against tpp , many people jumped on the hate bandwagon based on straight up lies like the fact that the deal was secret , despite it being publicly available for months and it only being secret during _ negotiations _ , like , you know , pretty much every negotiation ever . 
  yeah , this is what real corruption looks like . 
  even if there will be protests , the only inconvenience you 'll experience is not being able to drive through certain parts of the city . 
  we have n't had a violent protest since forever . 
   '' a atempt of a coup , to deny romanian the better lives they voted for in december '' with absolutely no arrests , no injuries and no material damage done . 
  what a shitty coup . 
  all these peaceful protesters need to up their game . 
  surely you 're smart enough to make the distinction between the eu , its member states and nato right ? 
  the eu did n't decide shit and did n't intervene with anything . 
  even if there 's going to be an eu army , intervention in foreign affairs will probably be non-existent considering that it will require unanimity . 
   eu does n't have military , we 're using nato for that !, 
  nato has existed before the eu did . 
  how can the eu `` use '' nato exactly ? 
  you realize it 's not a relationship of subordination right ? 
  the only thing the eu and nato have in common is certain members . 
  you can blame france and the uk all you want , but france and the uk are n't the eu and did n't decide for the eu or through the eu , nor did they receive orders from the eu in this matter . 
  although i can understand where this confusion stems from when you 're not using your brain to differentiate between nato , the eu and the sovereign nations that compose the alliance and the union . 
  so again , how exactly did the eu intervene in libya ? 
  i 'd really like you to try and make the argument that those countries decided in the name of the eu . 
  maybe such an exercise will help you clarify this issue for yourself . 
  f3 : european union . 
  nope . 
  ca n't find the part where the eu intervened in libya . 
  maybe you 're confusing nato with the eu . 
  the discussion was that there 's no proof that the eu intervened . 
  you 're asking why they intervened ? 
  i do n't see what 's obvious about it . 
  if you believe it 's the eu that decided to enter the libyan conflict , show some evidence . 
  if you ca n't , realize that it 's just your own opinion and that it may come from a place of deep bias . 
  the eu ca n't even decide on basic stuff sometimes because of the need of unanimity and you think it somehow decided on libya in complete secrecy , while also managing to keep it a secret for years . 
  conspiracy theory much ? 
  this is the same organization that people complain is too beaurocratic and moves too slowly . 
  meanwhile there 's nothing secret about what russia does , its practices have been well observed and documented . 
  see , i do n't need conspiracy theories and a bunch of `` it 's obvious '' statements thrown in to back up my argument . 
  no but ireland is a very small country and is also a tax haven . 
  much of your gdp growth can be attributed to companies moving money around . 
  like last year you had a 22 % gdp growth or something crazy in a quarter , you do n't actually believe that 's real growth right ? 
  except there 's plenty of proof for what russia did , including their own admission , while you 're providing absolutely zero proof that the eu did anything in libya . 
  care to elaborate how exactly did the eu do that ? 
  maybe you can point me towards an eu directive or an eu council decision to install democracy in libya as you call it . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  developing countries can achieve way higher growth than highly developed ones . 
  you never see highly developed countries achieve more than 3 % growth , which is very good . 
  if developed countries would have higher growth than under developed ones than the poorer countries could literally never catch up and the gap would widen more and more . 
  what exactly did the eu do in libya again ? 
  it means that the eu relies on soft power and making itself attractive to other nations that want to join in willingly , while russia relies far more on hard power and has resorted to maintaining countries in their sphere of influence by force . 
  clear enough ? 
  eu `` sphere of influence '' is quite different from the russian conception of a sphere of influence . 
  i expect anyone that is knowledgeable to realize the difference . 
  it 's obvious what biden meant . 
   imagine if america organized a political coup so let me get this straight . 
  your whole argument relies on the assumption that the coup was organized by outside powers , do we understand you correctly ? 
  because if that 's the case , your argument if bullshit . 
  there 's absolutely no evidence that it was organized by anyone except ukrainians that were indeed very unhappy with yanukovich 's decision to play the russian lapdog in spite of the wish of the majority of the ukrainian people to start their journey towards the eu . 
  you 're basically regurgitating russian propaganda without any evidence . 
  it seems like pro-russians can not comprehend that the people of ukraine may have wanted something different and to distance themselves from russian influence . 
  as a romanian i really ca n't blame them either , being under russia 's influence is like having a heater tied to your leg while you 're drowning in a lake trying to get to the surface for air . 
  on the other hand it 's perfectly plausible that a majority of crimeans did not share the viewpoint of their co-nationals mainly from the western parts of ukraine , that much is true . 
  that however did not give russians the right to annex ukrainian sovereign territory . 
  just because a region of a country may want something else politically than other regions of the country , does n't give them the right to secede or even worse , the right to other countries to annex said region . 
  it seems like this is very hard to grasp for all the russian apologists . 
  it was much less obvious with trump . 
  sure , it was very obvious to people that actually pay attention , but he kept enough plausible deniability , like , not saying that he 's gon na recognize crimea as russian ... 
  most americans are also pretty ignorant on what happens outside of their country and maybe britain , so they are n't going to care or know very much about the situation in eastern europe . 
  it 's safe to say the french are a little bit more knowledgable . 
  it 's not about feeling responsibility for murder , it 's about being aware of your own history and acknowledging it so that such mistakes will never be made again . 
  except the `` other '' side , as in , not the far right , would publicly condemn stupidity of this magnitude . 
  it 's not even about sides , i refuse to acknowledge these fascist knobs as somehow being a valid side of the political spectrum . 
  they 're tyrants masquerading as saviors of the people . 
   corruption is one of the hardest things to prove , and if you followed the letter of the law , you dont get a 90 % conviction rate . 
  stop thinking in terms of british or american society . 
  corruption in romania was endemic and the methods used were not at all refined . 
  corruption was everywhere and it was a lot of the times done in plain sight simply because politicians and rich powerful people knew that nobody would come after them . 
  it 's not hard to get a 90 % conviction rate when corruption cases are so abundant and rudimentary that you just have to pick and choose the ones you know you can easily prove . 
  that is so naive its cute . 
  populism is pretty much the opposite of what you just said . 
  in reality it is politicians exploiting those things in order to consolidate their own power under the guise of fighting for `` the people '' . 
  yeah and the reason is that people will be and often are quite wrong about things , especially complicated things . 
  `` the people '' itself is such a ridiculous concept that seems to be elevated to godlike status every time populism takes wings , like `` the people '' is this pure entity that could never be wrong on the mere basis that they are `` the people '' and thus know best . 
  as long as the majority believe something it must be true right ? 
  wrong . 
  there are facts and then there are beliefs . 
  people often have beliefs without having all the facts , but their conviction tells them they are right . 
  budapest is not the whole country . 
  you are starting off from a very biased pov if you think a big european city like budapest represents all of hungary . 
  there was a poll linked by someone else showing a big percentage of hungarians having negative feelings towards jews .
