   nigel farage has admitted he has `` absolutely no idea '' what will happen if britain leaves the european union . 
   the ukip leader said he was not considering the aftermath of next week 's referendum and simply wanted to win it . 
  yeah . 
  the mental jugglery 's you 're making to defend his ignorance is pathetic . 
  the guy `` just wants to win '' , that 's the amount of his intellectual horizon and capacity of foresight , he has started this campaign two decades ago to pander to the segment of the population that was naturally distrustful towards the eu and all he has done is pander and pander to them in the hopes that one day he will be lifted to relevance by them , without ever sitting down and really considering what the aftermath would be or what 's to come next . 
  it just absolutely screams incompetence and lack of foresight and it also shows his ignorance and unwillingness to research the information that 's already out there about what might happen . 
   mr farage was asked by reporters in kingston what would happened in the event of brexit . 
   `` i 've absolutely no idea , '' he said this combined with this :  `` but i think , potentially , the effects of this referendum on the conservative party , the labour party , ukip , could be very profound . 
  we could see a big reshaping . '' makes for a pretty clear picture of what i said earlier . 
  the guy just really wants to be in power and see those parties fail , he could n't give two shits about what happens in case of a brexit and he does n't even care . 
  his objective is a completely different one than ensuring a bright future for britain . 
  you can however research what numerous economists , politicians , organizations , prime-ministers , member states and most of the british parliament have to say and their respective analysis . 
  but sticking your head in the sand and blaming `` dodgy dave '' for the fact that in two decades farage could n't muster up a somewhat informed opinion sure is the rational way of going about things . 
  i do n't know about that , trumps is pretty friendly towards putin and he wants the usa to be more isolationist in general . 
  he just seems like he 's the kind of guy that would strike a deal with putin if he thinks it would serve his own interest . 
  i do realize that the us military is more than just trump , but the president is the supreme commander . 
  those places have way more charm than the newly built chinese cities do . 
  it might look cool in aerial pics but i 'd be willing to be the vast majority of people would still prefer ny or london . 
  hillary will probably continue on the current line of reinforcing the eastern front . 
  by studying and reading up on the opinions of experts and people that are better positioned ? 
  that 's such a shit excuse . 
  he 's been campaigning for this for 2 decades and he has no idea ? 
  he had plenty of time to get informed one way or another . 
  dude . 
  i think you may be suffering from the whole perception bias evidenced in the chart . 
  there 's no way in fucking hell non-germans under 18 are a minority in germany . 
  you 're talking out of your ass mate . 
   it 's ` totally ok ' because it 's a valid , if somewhat blunt ... 
  i thought we were over this . 
  autocratic does n't mean taking an unpopular decision , that would render the whole word absolutely senseless and useless . 
  saying the eu is dictatorial is not valid if somewhat blunt , it 's very manipulative and completely unrelated to the real meaning of the word . 
  i 'm done . 
  so you 're refusing to see that in this context it was used manipulatively . 
  fine . 
  totally okay for the biggest newspaper in the uk to call the eu dictatorial because some people also call the uk that . 
  meanwhile in the real world , dictatorial still means what it should mean , an autocratic system of government . 
  would you agree that any kind of authority and system of government sometimes takes unpopular decisions ? 
  if yes then what exactly is the sense to call the eu dictatorial , you could just as easily call the uk dictatorial by that standard . 
  it 's clearly very misleading and used to manipulate , but fine , if you do n't want to acknowledge that i 'm afraid you 're being intellectually dishonest . 
  unfortunately i 'm realistic enough to know that large amounts of people do in fact base their opinions on tabloid rags such as these . 
  they hear the words dictatorial brussels and they do n't think well gee maybe that 's a bit hyperbolic . 
  furthermore saying that the eu is autocratic and then being ironic about whether i know what it means only serves to drop your credibility to zero when using such terms to describe the eu as it 's obvious you have no clue what the word means . 
  autocratic does n't mean taking decisions that are unpopular , this is what it means :  an autocracy is a system of government in which supreme power is concentrated in the hands of one person , whose decisions are subject to neither external legal restraints nor regularized mechanisms of popular control ( except perhaps for the implicit threat of a coup d'\u00e9tat or mass insurrection ) . 
  this is what autocratic means . 
  the eu is setup as a democracy and it works on democratic principles , it is a representative democracy with the `` government '' ( commision ) being elected by the parliament which is made out of elected representatives , so it pretty much works like the representative democracies the vast majority of eu states have . 
  autocratic means something the opposite of that , it 's one or a few people controlling everything without any kind of popular control like those you get with free elections , checks and balances , limitations of power , political opposition and plurality and so on . 
  furthermore the eu has very limited power over its member states and many of its more important decisions can be vetoed by any single nation . 
  it 's pitiful to use that term to describe the eu when in reality the eu is extremely weak and unable to truly enforce its decisions , political power is so small and fragmented and so much power is given to member states that it 's truly a miracle how this mythos of the eu being autocratic could even take off . 
  by comparison the american federal system is like maoist china or something . 
  you 're arguing that the eu is autocratic because that 's what has been drilled into your head by a bunch of cunts that want to manipulate people into thinking they 're being oppressed by the evil dictatorial brussels . 
  these are sadly the perverse effects of such manipulation . 
  use the word dictatorial and autocratic enough times and people will start to somewhat believe it . 
  the campaign against the eu did n't start last year or two years ago , it started decades ago and it has managed to drill some interesting myths and conspiracy theories inside of people 's heads . 
  the fact that the eu is `` dictatorial '' or `` autocratic '' is just one of them . 
  using your logic even the purest of democracies can be described as autocratic , as in any country/nation/city / federation/union some unpopular decisions will always be taken . 
  the word simply loses all meaning when used in that sense . 
   soft times lead to our current state you mean a world much better , much safer and much more peaceful than in the 19 ` th century ? 
  yes . 
  the lack of perspective some people have is staggering . 
  europeans used to die by the millions until not that long ago . 
  yeah , make your country shit and unattractive so people do n't want to move there anymore . 
  great plan . 
  romania is doing great in that regard . 
  number one !, 
  number one !, 
  maybe one day the british will start moving here and then we 'll have to make our country shittier once more . 
  the government also issues laws that require citizens to do things , does that mean the uk is dictatorial ? 
  that 's not what dictatorial means . 
  the eu works democratically , the fact that it imposes directives on member states is n't any less democratic or any more dictatorial than your elected mayor , parliament or government doing so . 
  the fact that you call that dictatorial shows that either you have no clue what dictatorial means , or you really really want to defend that piece of shit article that is screaming about dictatorial brussels like it 's the soviet fucking union . 
  crazy . 
  absolutely nuts . 
  usa is by our closest ally . 
  close in the sense that they 're probably the only nation on earth willing to help us in case shit goes down , not because they like us but because they at least somewhat recognize the importance of our geostrategic location . 
   is a bit excessive and hyperbolic , but presents a certain sentiment . 
  it 's more than `` a bit hyperbolic '' it 's straight out propaganda and manipulation . 
   we are about to make the biggest political decision of our lives . 
  the sun urges everyone to vote leave . 
   we must set ourselves free from dictatorial brussels . 
  how the fuck can anyone take this shit seriously . 
  not to mention how stupid is . 
  the immigrants causing problems in the uk are by and large the ones that they themselves received from their former colonies . 
  eu migrants are statistically hard working and commit few crimes , but fuck that , we 'll punish the eu for our own incompetence . 
  eastern europe did n't want any of that shit , that 's the difference . 
  it was imposed on us by the soviets through military force , pure and simple . 
  it 's very different . 
  eastern europeans save for certain left over traits from the communist times such as corruption and underdevelopment , do n't really have anything in common with russian ideology . 
  why do you think most of eastern europe has fled the way of the eu and nato as soon as they could ? 
  the poster directly above you is encouraging them to kill themselves . 
  people have gotten fucking ridiculous in these past years . 
  they blame everyone but themselves for life 's frustrations . 
  holy hell those people are delusional . 
  if anyone draws the conclusion that `` rt is free media '' then i worry for their mental capacity . 
  functional illiteracy comes to mind . 
  god , you people are dense as fuck . 
  all you have to do is read their platform , even a blind man can see the signs . 
  tradition values , traditional families , christian values , less focus on ww2 , against `` anti-discrimination '' ( it seriously says that ) , anti-lgbt , anti-abortion , climate change denying , highly nationalistic . 
  what the fuck more do you want . 
  sometimes i feel like even if they would straight out come out and say `` look , we really hate brown people '' people would still make excuses for them and claim they 're not racist . 
   usa is a plutocracy , where in essential 2 political parties influenced by the powerful elite decide who is going to rule .
