  sorry but sometimes things have to get worse before they get better , this is something a lot of countries have went through . 
  you ca n't change an extremely corrupt and authoritarian system without any downsides . 
  self sufficiency is n't such a good thing , the better thing is to not act completely irrationally like putin so you can actually trade with your neighbors . 
  sure buddy . 
  i assume nazi germany was n't nationalistic either right ? 
  since they would n't have conquered all that land . 
  nationalism does n't exclude imperialism at all , you 're just using a made up definition that suits you . 
  what 's happening now is not rational . 
  not everyone has fallen into those traps you know , plenty of people understand that trouble is unavoidable , especially with a project as big and ambitious as the eu . 
  it boils down to realizing that nothing is perfect from the beginning but that things can be worked through if we actually all decide to work together instead of individually . 
  the biggest problem the eu has is that it 's not unified enough . 
  people are too nationalistic still and many still refuse to give up more sovereignty . 
  in times of crisis the number of those people always swells up , when people are angry and frustrated they want to blame someone and the eu is the perfect target . 
  sadly politicians are only using this to throw the blame off them , even though most often politicians on nation state levels are the ones causing the problems . 
  people are n't quite ready yet , it looked like they were going to be at one point , but then the economic crisis hit , the situation in the middle east has worsened , nationalism is on the rise and so on . 
  in what universe ? 
  yours maybe . 
  nationalism does n't exclude imperialism , in fact , nationalism often leads to thinking such as `` we 're better than them '' and `` it 's our right '' to have more land , riches , power , control and so on . 
   again i do not say that is a bad thing only that it is n't a new thing or something more enlightened than the national sentiment which constructs current nation states . 
  i disagree , like i said the eu does n't push for any kind of national identity like that . 
  if the eu actually managed to create a federal union based preponderantly on strong democratic principles and reason rather than emotion and some kind of created identity , it will have truly managed to be more progressive and enlightened than other kind of national or federal unions . 
  it 's one thing to unite because of some cultural reason and it 's another to unite because you want to see europe and the world united in a democratic peaceful way . 
  i do n't know why you view it like that , i do n't . 
  i do n't see the eu pushing none of those things . 
  we can be a federation while having separate identities , but also a shared one ( the one we built together ) . 
  i do n't see the eu as a federation being anywhere near as nationalistic as individual member states . 
  i also think that 's a good thing for everyone and that 's why the eu can be called as more progressive or enlightened . 
  if russia is anything like the rest of eastern europe , and i 'm sure it is since the ussr has all taught us a little something , i bet you ca n't even open a proper business in most small towns without giving a `` commission '' to the mayor or the local council . 
  getting contracts with the state is probably even harder for law abiding non-politically affiliated citizens . 
  russia 's economic institutions are highly exclusive towards people that are n't buddies with putin and his party and i bet that corruption is pretty much everywhere in russia . 
  because of this infrastructure does n't get built or gets built poorly , towns do n't have access to government funds unless they kiss someone 's ass or are good party members , business ca n't thrive because they always have to give bribes and do n't have good infrastructure at their disposal and so on . 
  small towns can thrive if the system is built in such a way in which they can thrive , and a system based on nepotism , favoritism and corruption is n't one that promotes innovation , growth , investment and so on . 
  many of those factories you speak of would 've inevitably failed anyway because of terrible management and nepotism . 
  the answer is n't to pump citizen money into non-viable factories , it 's to build a system that promotes capable people and is business friendly so you can have a more self-sustainable service based economy rather than a natural resources exports controlled by oligarchs based economy . 
  you do n't have to be blind to the problems russia has . 
  they 're pretty much the same problems that have plagued all of eastern europe , so if you 're blind to them we 're not . 
  with leaders like putin and corruption through the roof you will never get anything done . 
  i ca n't agree that it 's the same thing . 
  the eu is based on democratic principles with socialist elements and a general policy of non-intervention , i think that 's better for most than having to deal with different nation states that range from authoritarian to democratic and from highly nationalistic to more tempered ones . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i know for sure it 's a step up for romania so in that sense it 's hard for me to not view it as progressive . 
  it 's also hard to say it would be the same thing considering europe has dragged the world through world wars and a lot of other shit while it was still in its more fragmented state , such scenarios would 've been avoided had the eu been a concept back then . 
   because being forced to stay indoors is a punishment for naughty children , not mass murdering terrorists . 
  in comparison to literally anything else , that punishment is light as fuck . 
  i did n't realize kids were getting punished by forcing them to stay in their rooms until the day they die . 
  but yeah , totally the same thing otherwise . 
  i have a problem with you because you keep making this very false and misleading analogies that do n't even make any sense . 
  for some reason you also think it 's all ps4 and having fun over there and that it 's the equivalent of being unemployed and shooting the shit in your house for a while . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's still prison , even if they do have better facilities than in other countries . 
   `` authoritarianism and corruption '' have nothing to do with problems of small ( ish ) cities/towns . 
  right . 
  because the way the state is organized and its influence on politics and economics is irrelevant to the smaller sub-divisions of said state . 
  get out of here . 
  putin and his oligarch buddies are pretty much extracting massive wealth for themselves while the country remains poor , that 's the kind of reform he does n't want to do because it suits him and his friends very well . 
  you 're crazy if you think this has no influence on small cities and towns . 
   like i 've said before did the formation of the usa mark a step towards global unity ? 
  did the formation of the soviet union ? 
  most empires were built on conquest and force , so no , i do n't think it 's comparable at all . 
  the biggest difference between the soviet union and the eu is that we actually chose to be part of the latter . 
  the only good example is the usa and yes i do think it was a step up for them to unite . 
  otherwise they would 've never been the most powerful economic and military force in the world . 
  they also did it democratically ( more or less , yes i know ) . 
  following this line of thinking the eu is already doing far better than the usa was at its beginning . 
  i think unity is better overall and can be called progress , but it has to be democratic , not forced . 
  unity does n't have to be total for it to matter either , especially for the member nations , but progress in this sense also means being one step closer to that as well . 
  many people do view it as enlightened for nations that have warred for centuries to be united as one in the end . 
  you 're only viewing it from the perspective of how the eu might or might not act in relation to other parts of the world , but that 's just one aspect . 
   sitting around inside playing video games all day all expenses paid is millions of peoples idea of a good time how is that the same thing ? 
  sitting around inside playing video games is people 's idea of a good time for a day , a week or a month , not forever , your entire life , without ever leaving the room again . 
  that takes it from a good time to a very bad time , how the fuck can you not get that ? 
   woah man , sounds like imprisonment is n't very humane !, 
  that 's not justice , that 's revenge !, 
  / s it 's justice because the man is too dangerous to be left free in society . 
  it 's also punishment . 
  it 's not revenge . 
  killing him is revenge because it is neither justice nor a real punishment , unless your idea of justice is eye for an eye ( we kinda moved past that ) . 
  who 's capable of enforcing systemic discrimination and a real danger to jews ? 
  muslims or the far right ? 
  all muslims can do is commit some random acts of violence agains them , while the far right is way more dangerous . 
  that 's what you do n't get , the far right has always been and will be more dangerous than some crazy muslims . 
  authoritarianism and corruption do n't come from capitalism , they thrived during the soviet union . 
  putin has n't done any economic reforms because it suits him to control the wealth of the nation , which is mostly the natural wealth . 
  meanwhile , there are more leaning towards the far right than muslims in the whole country , and jew hating is something the far right has always been good at do n't you worry . 
  i just mean that spending your whole life in jail is a kind of torture in its own way , not that he 's going to get actually tortured . 
  i mean what does progressive mean to you ? 
  progressive means you have to progress towards something . 
  the eu would be a step up from nation states in my opinion . 
  a step towards more global unity and less national state and a thousand different factions . 
  the only thing russia built is this nice system for putin , that 's the problem . 
  russians can choose to regress back in time and follow the same path that leads to today 's problems , or they can try and fight for a real democracy and getting their power and freedom back . 
  there 's way less muslims than far righters around france nowadays . 
  romania ca n't handle hosting , we do n't have the necessary infrastructure . 
  maybe poland . 
  this will just make people realize that they 'd be fulfilling the wet dreams of certain parties and ideologies and probably turn them away from a brexit . 
  a lot of people think the eu is a step up from their national states . 
  there 's arguments pro and con . 
  what 's certain is that there were and still are a lot of people , albeit less now with all the damn crises , that dream of a unified eu . 
  you might say that the eu will still act like any other nation in respect to other nations , but for the nations that have united inside the eu it makes all the difference . 
  we have the chance to introduce real reform in the ukraine and stabilize the situation there .
