   the reason that is very hard to find a woman , who really cares about politics and the future of own country . 
  loud , emotional leftish slogans are much more fit to the romantic woman 's nature . 
  got ta save this for later . 
  the alt-rights mysoginistic and racially charged rhetoric is exactly why women run like hell from them . 
  you think you 're voting for what 's best for your country , but you 're only voting for what you think is best for you , as a white male , and not for your country , the world , or society in general . 
  your post is basically calling women a bunch of ignorant and emotional children . 
  i 'm sure that the irony of asking why they do n't vote for the alt-right while insulting them at the same time is lost on you though . 
  now to answer your question . 
  it 's because it was liberals , and the left in general , that has fought for women 's right , while the far right has always viciously fought against them , much as they fight today against other kinds of minorities , such as gays or ethnic minorities . 
  the far right has always had a boner for restricting the rights of people they do n't like , and then you act surprised why women and minorities strongly vote against them , sheesh . 
  it 's a good thing that 's just not how it works for sane logical people , not being able to prove an accusation is not the same as not being able to disprove one and it does n't magically make it a 50/50 of who 's right either . 
  you ca n't prove that merkel is n't a spy or whatever the fuck , but if you ca n't prove she was , then you 're just talking shit . 
  what 's most interesting to me about this chart is that countries which fare better are way more pessimistic than the poorer , less developed ones . 
  objectively speaking this chart should be upside down , since life for the average french citizen is going to be much better than life for the average chinese for the foreseeable future at least . 
  i think this chart is fine for illustrating that there is a disproportion between what the actual problem are and how people perceive the way things are going . 
  in the west especially , pessimism seems to be a big problem , an even bigger problem than the problems themselves . 
  one can speculate on why this is happening . 
  i personally think it 's because of the political division we are facing and the overly-sensationalist media that has elevated every little threat we are facing to some existential crisis that threatens to wipe us all out , but i 'm sure others have other theories . 
  meanwhile the chinese are experiencing economic growth and they probably do n't hear about the vast majority of horrible things their government does , ignorance is bliss i suppose . 
  you ca n't prove a negative dumbass . 
  it may be , but it 's also a historical fact that they tried to wipe them off the planet . 
  you do realize china has taken drastic steps in that regard right , the one child policy would cause riots in the west , so unless you want them to enforce a no child policy and ensure the destruction of their nation , what are you suggesting ? 
  you 're just another person that is very unfairly criticizing them because `` why are you so many and why do you dare pollute as much as we do per capita : o '' without giving any viable solutions . 
  stupid . 
  i do n't even know why i 'm defending china , at this point i 'm just doing it because it seems like my fellow westerns are only good at pointing fingers and making it someone else 's fault . 
  back off , it 's clear you have n't understood my post the least bit . 
  i was n't calling anyone a monkey and even if i were it would n't even be an insult because we are indeed all `` monkeys '' . 
  i said that these feelings of territorial aggression are classic monkey behavior , which is to say human behavior , highlighting the fact that humans still act quite primitive in a lot of ways , alike our ancestors . 
  i 'm not gon na pretend my post was n't insulting at all , but i do n't give a shit , it was n't meant to be pc , it was meant to explain why communication is very hard between the two sides , if you do n't agree with my explanation then feel free to disagree , but stop talking about how rude i am because i called them monkeys for fucks sake , because all it shows is that you completely missed the point and got hung up on the perceived insult of being called a monkey . 
   the most reasonable yardstick is point in time and measure the relative progress against that . 
  sure thing , but that only works for already developed nations , it does n't work if your `` point in time '' is pre-industrialization , it only works if your goal is to point fingers . 
  my point is that it 's intellectually dishonest to do that or to claim china is worse because they pollute more in absolute numbers , when the us for example pollutes way more per capita . 
  what 's there even to say to someone that believes we 're gon na build walls and start slaughtering anyone that comes near them ? 
  fuck off with your attitude , i was n't replying to any of them , i was replying to the guy trying to reason with them unsuccessfully as always . 
  oh , believe me , i do know others have different viewpoints and moral compasses , that 's what my post was about . 
  it was actually the point of my argument , that communication is hard towards impossible because of just how different our moral compasses are and how our thinking is based on completely different systems . 
   you 're just a different ` tribe ' way too miss the point . 
   you feel so much better and higher then these `` monkeys '' . 
  but you yourself are just as bad as the monkeys . 
  you 're just a different ` tribe '  . 
  i dunno mate , i 'm not the one calling for people to be shot . 
   canada and the eu have tried to push hard for technology sharing , carbon trading , and other measures to help countries industrialize as cleanly as possibly and the u.s. basically says fuck all of you guys we 're a superpower and we 're not doing shit because china is dirty , meanwhile contributing far more per capita . 
  exactly . 
  the issue is a complex one and we all need to work together , so this attitude of fuck everyone else does n't help . 
  yes , the planet does n't care that china is the most populous , but it 's still unreasonable to expect an industrializing country of 1.5 billion to pollute less than the eu - 600 million or the us - 300 million . 
  if you put the eu together with the us+c anada and australia ( so , the west ) you 'll probably find that we do pollute more than china does while having a smaller population . 
  sigh ... throwing blame around like that accomplishes literally nothing . 
  china is making efforts on their own , i just hate it when every time the subject comes off everyone just passes the blame around , many americans do exactly what you did , they just blame china , despite polluting much more per capita . 
  i 'm sure the chinese do the same and blame the us for being hypocrites . 
  it 's more important than ever for all nations to cooperate , and that comes from the people themselves wanting to cooperate and grasping the complex issues at hand , so , we 're fucked . 
  many in this topic blame china and talk about shooting the millions of inevitable refugees . 
  few people seem interested in actual solutions instead of thinking of themselves alone . 
  in any case , saying china pollutes the most in absolute terms is disingenuous , since china has like a 5 ` th of the world 's population . 
  europe is doing better overall it 's true , but crossing our arms and blaming the chinese is dumb , especially since most of the damage has been caused by the western world . 
  china has only recently industrialized , while we 've been polluting hard for decades . 
  i admire your effort , but the problem is they will never understand the arguments you are making . 
  they perceive those people as `` the others '' trying to take away what is theirs , that activates their emotional-territorial mammalian instincts which is responsible for fear of others that are different , nationalism , prejudice etc. 
  that 's why whenever this argument comes up , the two sides seem to be talking in different languages , you 're trying to be rational and elicit empathy , while they are driven by their territorial instincts and perceive the rationalists and humanists `` welcoming '' those people as a threat to the tribe , that 's what this anti-establishment , anti-elites , anti-intellectual movement is all about , distrust towards rationalists and reverting back to a state of following a strong leader that is going to protect the tribe , because they feel threatened by these others . 
  classic `` monkey '' behavior , which is to say human behavior really . 
  china also has more than double the population of the eu , so you are being disingenuous . 
  you 're saying `` not our problem brah '' despite polluting just as much per capita . 
  900 million of them stone gay people ? 
  bruh you 're insane . 
  90 % thinking it 's morally wrong = / 90 % wan na kill gays . 
  i bet the numbers for christianity did n't look that much different as recently as 20 or 30 years ago , they still do n't for certain sects such as evangelicals , jw , mormons etc. 
  do you wan na kick them out as well ? 
  seriously . 
  you 're more extreme than a lot of muslims , at least distrust of gays can easily be explained considering they were hated for the last 2000 years in most of the world dominated by the abrahamic religions , but hating a billion + because of their religion is even worse in my opinion . 
  see , that 's the thing , you 're making the difference between christianity as a whole and a christian cult that stones gay people , despite the fact that christianity is definitely against gays as a whole . 
  you do n't give the same benefit to islam tho , you 're basically saying the whole lot of one billion stones gay people . 
  you could say that , or you could think a little and come to a more rational explanation . 
  trump clearly lost the 1 ` st debates and all the polls showed clinton with a massive lead , so it 's not just people making shit up . 
  in the last 2 weeks clinton 's lead started taking a pounding with the fbi episode evaporating almost all of clinton 's lead . 
  she went from +7 to within the margin of error in a week . 
  that 's the real reason why trump got to 35 % in the last days . 
  but nah , obviously 538 just makes shit up . 
  there you have it folks - fuck freedom of religion . 
  you do realize the same arguments could be used against christianity as well right ? 
  those `` values '' might not be so prevalent in modern days western europe , but they 're certainly an integral part of christianity at some level . 
  538 gave trump a 35 % , i 'd say it was pretty fair considering that most polls showed clinton in the lead . 
  but yes you 're right , some state polls were quite wrong . 
  however that does n't mean polls are now completely useless and anything can happen , polls were never 100 % reliable , but they 're not useless either . 
  they were behind in the sense that the majority of polls showed them 1-3 % behind , which is margin of error . 
  the odds were favoring the safer choice , which i think is to be expected in such a close race . 
  see , the problem is that your whole viewpoint is based on shitty conspiracies like the fact that we invited those people since i assume you 're talking about the refugee crisis or at least hinting towards it . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  why even bother , people like jooana live in an alternative reality , a conservative bubble where the arrogant and authoritarian liberals are running the show and looking down on good ol' conservatives , while they try so hard to pass sensible and reasonable policies . 
  lol . 
  not even close . 
  they have very little in common with the alt right . 
  yea i really doubt it . 
  terrorists give no fucks about romania . 
  also the muslims living here are very well integrated . 
  lions share ? 
  i think we 're looking at different threads . 
  the top comment is saying that the title is `` misleading '' , like the attack did n't actually take place or what ? 
  it 's just a dogwhistle way of saying they somehow deserved it because some refugees did some bad things earlier that week . 
  the second top comment is entirely focused on the fact that they are n't even real refugees and then asks for them to be kicked out . 
  the third top comment is also entirely focused on saying how much they understand what is happening because the refugees are bad people . 
  itt : people defending literal fascists trying to burn people to death and stone them .
