  you know , the exact same practices they claim to hate muslims for . 
  the irony is lost on these bunch . 
  for everyone trying to rationalize it by saying the refugees attacked first , you do realize golden dawn was n't even attacking the same people right ? 
  they were attacking random innocents that probably had nothing to do with the former attacks . 
  pretty much . 
  putin 's russia is a highly authoritarian state , very corrupt , with putin being the de facto dictator . 
  i just have to quote this post made by / u/vernazza :  [ i love these displays of the ridiculous messiah complex of the alt right , rooted in the desperate need to feel special , privy to information the sheep-like masses just can not possibly comprehend . 
  you mix outlandish conspiracy theories with trivial statements like this . 
  here 's a reality check for you : this is a convenience for the terrorists , not the ultimate necessity . 
  you would n't cut them off from anything if we could miraculously stop migration overnight . 
  entirely legal and safe ways to fly in their guys exist , they just choose to not use them because they lack the added value of demonizing asylum seekers which is so obviously working . 
  either fully legally , by coughing up a semester 's worth of tuition at whatever school ( hello , 9/11 ) , getting a work visa through someone friendly , etc. 
  or illegally by paying for a passable forgery . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5d1rmm/islamic_state_reportedly_training_terrorists_to/da1cb2l/ ) it explains very well why the far right being `` right '' is bullshit . 
  not only was this easily predictable and reported on widely in the mainstream media even a year ago , it was also obvious from the very start that isis would use the refugee crisis to instill even more fear in europe , the entire ** goal ** of terrorism . 
  a shame its working so well . 
  isis is actually managing to cause real political change in the west through a few unhinged nutjobs that blow themselves up . 
  they are winning not because they `` figured out '' they can get terrorists through posing as refugees , they are winning because europe is shooting itself in the foot politically . 
  it 's just about the recent elections and the fact that your president is pro-russian . 
  it 's not a map of alliances . 
  it 's a stretch for the purpose of making the contrast starker , but there is quite some truth to it in the bigger picture of things . 
  that is actually pretty much what this new right thinks , that political correctness is used to hide the ` truth ' about minorities which are actually bad and people should hate them . 
  lol no . 
  how does it imply that ? 
  most surveys have a sample of about a thousand people . 
  yeah lots of things are natural , does n't mean they are well suited for our modern world . 
  prejudice is something that most people will have , but it 's ultimately the choice of each individual if they recognize those prejudices and not act on them or if they do act on them . 
  prejudices can also be lessened , usually through having more contact with the people you are prejudiced against . 
  most of the time prejudice exists because you 're not very familiar with a certain group , making your mind assign stereotypes to individuals from that group . 
  false . 
  at this point it 's mostly that , but brexit will have real and measurable implications so it 's not all just perception in the end . 
  directly related to tourism . 
  all other industries would suffer if the influx dropped . 
  actually yes ? 
  activism played a huge role in giving women and minorities equal rights . 
  i dont know why you would deny that . 
  ever heard of rosa parks ? 
  the fact that racism still exists isnt a reason to stop fighting it , it is a reason to continue . 
  you are seriously down playing the amount of racism that still exists and really overhyping the amount of influence that antifa or anarchists have . 
  racism is stilm very widespread and much of the right wing populism nowadays taps into it . 
  they dont have to be neo nazis to do just that . 
  on the other hand the extreme left that you mention has almost no representation in politics whatsoever and pretty much everyone thinks they are nutjobs , even the left , which is mostly comprised of liberals and social democrats . 
  yeah better believe in bullshit right ? 
  romania was as communist as any communist country that actually existed . 
  i am not interested in debating whether it was `` real '' communism . 
  your perspective of the world is pretty wack if you think western europe are commumist hell holes . 
  they are literally the best places on earth to live in , by pretty much every metric , from democracy , economy , standards of living , pollution , education , lifespan , healthcare , freedom of press , violence rates and many more . 
  truly i wonder how far to the right you have to be to view bernie as a communist . 
  he is a pretty standard social democrat , the only real problem is his populism . 
  also are you saying trump supporters are somehow not blinder ? 
  despite the numerous scandals and a repeated showing of his incompetence , the vast majority of his hardcore supporters still believe he is the 2nd coming of christ . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  east germany is not safer , or better educated , than western germany . 
  the east is behid the former western germany on pretty much every metric , even after 28 years and hundreds of billions of dollars transfered from the xenophile multicultural and `` diverse '' areas as you call them . 
  pensions are already indexed with inflation . 
  i was talking about raises given beyond that . 
  like romania giving an extra 10 % this year . 
  i am saying it doesnt matter if there are less people working if they produce more for the economy . 
  as a romanian i can tell the difference between literal communism and social democracy . 
  bernie is a left wing populist , that is certain , but a communist ? 
  please , most of the reforms he proposed are the norm in western europe . 
  and yea , trump has a stronger cult of personality , but bernie has one too . 
  the difference is one is in power while the other didnt even get past the primaries , so guess which one people should be more concerned about . 
  trust me , if bernie would have the cult of personality trump has , we would all be in big trouble . 
  big as in population . 
  never said they are the ussr , i said they inherited much of their military might from the ussr . 
  i do know the difference between semantics and reality , the difference being that in reality the ussr and nazi germany worked together to carve up poland , while in theory they were not allied . 
  are n't you a sensitive little flower ? 
  if you wanted to clarify your position , you had numerous chances to do it . 
  instead you just preferred to whine about people misunderstanding you and not knowing english . 
  oh you 're so smart for seeing that . 
  except people refer to russia as weak economically by comparing it to italy , which is true , since their gdp is quite shite considering their size . 
  and when they talk about russia being a danger they refer to the military/information aspect of the country , which is actually very strongly developed , with russia devoting a disproportionately high percent of their shitty economy to sustaining the military and having had a pretty big legacy left over from the ussr in this respect . 
  in short , russia 's economy may be shittier than that of italy ( it is ) , but it still has about 2.000 nukes , an army stronger than most in the world , and a spy network/information services capable of influencing foreign countries . 
  not really . 
  just go to a bernie subreddit and go to the_donald , the discrepancy between the quality of the discourse on the two sides hits you in the face like a brick . 
  yes , both sides believe conspiracy theories , but i 've yet to see conspiracies as lunatic as pizzagate on the bernie side . 
  he 's right though , it 's math . 
  today romania has a gdp of about 200bn euro , if it costs us 20bn to pay pensions that is 10 % of the gdp , but if the gdp doubles , it 's only 5 % and so on . 
  as long as pensions are n't increasing faster than the economic growth , they become less of a burden proportionally . 
  we are n't ignoring anything mate . 
  it 's not our fault that racists interpret current world events about as well as an amputated groundhog predicting the weather . 
  or maybe you suck at expressing yourself , bet you have n't considered that have you ? 
  since it 's not just me that viewed your comment as being a big steaming pile of racist apology . 
  ignore it and die of septicemia . 
  thanks mate . 
  i 'm actually happy to see the world is far less racist than it used to be , and young generations are for the most part even less so . 
  if people would apply your mentality , black people would still probably be an inferior class of humans in the us . 
  gay marriage would not exist because there would have been no activism that allowed for their acceptance and so on . 
  always with the semantics . 
  does it make it better if i say xenophobia ? 
  since , let 's face it , people that say they hate muslims wo n't give others religious tests , all they need is to see a brown , middle-eastern looking face . 
   people need to stop being given reasons to become more racist / wary of migrants people do n't need reasons to be racist . 
  most racism is founded on completely irrational beliefs . 
  like russians being racist against jews because they thought they had some plant that prevented alcoholism and would n't share it with the general russian population . 
   first and foremost , people need to stop being given reasons to become more racist / wary of migrants - letting in unvetted migrants from backward/troublesome countries and then trying to downplay and suppress the troubles they cause , is such a reason . 
  you 'll be happy to know then that immigration to most eu countries is actually pretty strict . 
  of course people love to use the refugee crisis as an `` a-ha ! '', 
  to prove their point , while completely ignoring the fact that the right to asylum is a fundamental human right that should not be restricted simply because the people applying are from a different background . 
  of course a lot of people that are n't actually refugees have taken advantage of the migration waves in order to get to western europe , and those people should have ( and do have ) their asylum requests rejected , they should also be deported of course .
