  it 's all fun and games and ideology is a nice little drug when you have plenty of food on the table , but when you do n't you start realizing something is seriously wrong and needs to change . 
  yeah except there 's a big difference between not wanting to work and not having any opportunities to work . 
  i bet a lot of your unemployed are simply unwilling to work low wage jobs or move somewhere else . 
  you 're voting to leave because people actually have the option to go work somewhere else instead of scrapping by to survive or not even having a job in their own country ? 
  looking at what 's going in romania most of those that have left are people from poor areas lacking in jobs . 
  many of these people would 've ended up unemployed alcoholics living on benefits , so why be sad that they have that opportunity ? 
  at least they get to support their families , many send money back home , and some may return when things improve . 
   this is an example of the eu doing small insignificant things right while everything else that actually matters is going to shit . 
  you mean issues that you think are important . 
  a lot of people think this is more important than your drivel about how some countries have lost billions - wtf - mostly because of their own fault . 
  calling it `` unfriendly terrain '' when everyone in the thread is circlejerking it about how the evil left are destroying europe . 
  which is bullshit . 
  people hate putin and that is why they want `` your demise '' , there 's a few idiots that think every russian is somehow to blame , but they certainly are n't the majority . 
  people think you have asshole leaders , and you do . 
  sure it might be that , but if that 's the biggest thing you took away from your trip to france , it might be because you 're racist . 
  there 's just one small problem with your entire rant . 
  all of those `` bad things multinations do '' are done in equal measure by autochtonous companies as well . 
  you know why ? 
  because companies are loyal to money . 
  every negative aspect you are accusing comes down to the state doing its rightful job of regulating , it has nothing to do with nationalities . 
  you 're just a nutjob that belives everyone is as crazy about national identities as you are . 
  spoiler : they are n't . 
  so many black people isnt why i said they are racist , its just a problem there and the fact their biggest observation of france is that they have `` so many black people '' is probably due to their racist biases . 
  having actual jobs and money is less important than the nationality of those that give them . 
  totally . 
  we should all become an autarky while we 're at it . 
  so what kind of meds are you taking ? 
  there 's two separate sides , the eu&nato and ukraine . 
  russia is posturing with the former but fucking the latter in the ass . 
  you people are delusional . 
  we 've had immigrants coming to europe for decades . 
  i 've heard that type of rhetoric on reddit countless times . 
  you ca n't pretend he made it up . 
  it 's what people have been saying all over / r/europe for quite some time now . 
  just posturing bullshit typical of the cold war . 
  yeah except this is one of those times when the us is right . 
  the chinese are extremely racist towards black people and yet you make it out to be like they 're the good guys here . 
  lots of countries have lifted themselves out of poverty thanks to foreign investments ( too ) . 
  there 's nothing wrong about them . 
  you 're just being a child . 
  jobs are jobs , no matter if your boss is italian or romanian . 
  yes but what this map also implies is that europe has seen many migrations and mixing before and yet here we are , our cultures still intact . 
  many ultra-nationalists speak as if the current migration we 're facing is going to wipe out european culture which is extremely laughable . 
  not exactly . 
  it started off mostly with outsourcing ( so foreign investments ) and the government offering certain benefits like not having to pay income tax for your employees . 
  this led to it being a very attractive field for many as programmers earn way above average . 
  lately though many startups have started popping up and a lot of people see it as being the future for romania . 
  being self sufficient certainly is n't , except maybe for critical things like food or energy . 
  choosing russia over the usa or the eu is like choosing aids over herpes . 
  bucharest is probably the biggest it hub but cluj-napoca is catching up and has seen a surge of investments in it . 
  it 's the narrative that was pushed on people and lots of them took the bait . 
  what better way to demonize people then to call them unpatriotic . 
  the north-west part is doing very well overall . 
  lots of investments being made especially in it and the automotive sector . 
  i think it has something to do with their labor laws as well , that 's why they 're trying to reform them . 
  but then you get people fighting police on the streets because they wo n't have the same job security , even though they will have more jobs . 
  current laws are probably good for most people that are already employed but makes unemployement higher . 
  is war defined as going all out ? 
  nope . 
  war is just armed conflict between two sides . 
  what the ukrainians do in their country is their business , if mccain wants to cheer for them that 's one thing , if you 're annexing part of their country , well , that 's totally different . 
  huh ? 
  the point is it was a war , whether declared as such or not . 
  hey , nobody 's denying there are n't any pro-russian ukrainians , it 's just that it 's obvious russia started it and is fueling it . 
  if that 's not an act of war i do n't know what is . 
  ok , we 'll see in about 10 years . 
  in case you 're still around then , i 've tagged you so i can prove to you romania 's gdp/capita will be higher than that of russia . 
  so will our democracy . 
  actually america is much better , it 's pretty much the reason why every country under russia 's former sphere of influence is running towards nato and the eu . 
  america might have had its share of fuck ups , but democracy , freedom , press , economy , social aspects , equality , life expectancy , politics and everything else is much better in the usa . 
  countries under the usa 's sphere of influence actually thrive , while those under russia 's only crumble . 
  ignoring reality sure is nice tho . 
  usa exactly the same as russia . 
  except for all the ways it which it is n't . 
  there 's only one small difference . 
  that is n't the case in this reality or any other parallel ones that you might live in , so your post has about as much substance as asking whether a unicorn fart smells as bad as a horses fart . 
  meanwhile , russia is going about annexing sovereign countries in 2014 europe . 
  what i do n't get is why more people do n't think about how to fix nato or the eu instead of just mumbling they want out . 
  they 're both undoubtably good things especially if we can make them work better . 
  yeah , not really , or only marginally so . 
  still that 's completely disregarding the fact that romania is growing 4 % every year while russia is having a good old time nose diving its economy . 
  also completely disregarding the fact that russia is heading towards dictatorship if its not there already , while romania is making good progress both anti-corruption and democracy wise . 
  but . . but ... immigrants . 
  the association agreement might help them get out of that mess . 
  that 's beneficial for both ukraine and the rest of us . 
  that 's now what defines war , whether someone declared it or not . 
  you have ukraine on one side and russia on the other side , that 's war whether one or both or none admit it . 
  a good deal more stable than south somalia and also a good deal less stable than europe . 
  how bout both ? 
  i doubt things are that stable in puntland or whatever . 
  do n't bother . 
  people are n't listening to logic on this matter . 
  muslims = bad , fuck them , send them all back . 
  not just the economy . 
  the ussr wrecked eastern europe in a lot of other ways as well , from social to political and economical . 
  a whole generation of people is just a bit dumber , more superstitious , less adaptable and more entitled to get free hand outs from the state because of communism . 
  i wo n't even talk about things like corruption or rampant nepotism , it 's not even worth it , the ussr wrecked our cultures and societies in a lot more ways than just economically that 's for sure . 
  so every white person in sweden supports equality or something ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure there are white bigots as well . 
  somehow people keep making these distinctions that if they 're muslim they 're monsters for having such views but if they 're white they 're just patriotic or something .
