  you misunderstood his comment then . 
  churchill was praising democracy with that line , not dismissing it . 
  he basically said that democracy is the best thing we have , even though it is bad in a lot of ways . 
  i think many people can agree with that , we see democracy fail in many ways time after time , but the alternatives are so much worse that democracy is still the best thing we have . 
  it 's all our faults really . 
  democracy is something everyone must fight for , it requires citizens to be vigilant and active in the political life of the country . 
  when people become apathetic or fall pray to populism , you have a problem . 
  thing is though , i 'm still optimistic . 
  people are smarter with each generation and the internet is doing a fine job at educating a lot of people . 
  i think people are more aware now , but not enough . 
  still waiting on those crime stats that prove how crime rates went up after romania and bulgaria joined the eu . 
  how the fuck can your country have unemployed doctors when there 's literally a crisis of shortage in most western countries . 
  if they 're unemployed maybe it 's because they do n't want to work or they do n't wan na move 100 km away to a place that has a job opening , not because of romanian doctors . 
  and people getting stabbed ? 
  really ? 
  people did n't get stabbed in your country before romania joined the eu ? 
  maybe back up your claims with some violence statistics , make it the year 2000 vs now and let 's see . 
  if you ca n't , you 're full of shit . 
  i 'll be waiting for those stats . 
  nah bro , you 're good , it takes two terms of negative growth in a row for it to be a recession !, 
  you can do it though . 
  you know , romania has actually grown a lot thanks to the eu , this will lead to less immigration , crime etc. 
  in the long term . 
  it 's not like it is the eu 's goal to dilute crime or whatever , the goal is to improve each other . 
  the problem is that you only see the negative aspects of romania joining , the positives fly right over all of your collective heads . 
  it 's not just gypsies that went the way of the west , doctors , nurses , engineers , good workers have also went there to make your country better , but nobody gives a shit about any of them , people only give a shit about the low-lives that appear all over the news . 
  you 've also benefited in terms of exports and a relatively big market with a lot of growth potential , 20 million people is not nothing . 
  so no , it 's just not about diluting problems , it 's about getting mutual benefits , but nothing is perfect . 
  fair enough . 
  i feel no inclination to dig around for stuff you could 've easily seen for yourself just by browsing / r/europe . 
  remember when crimea got annexed and this place was full of trolls denying any kind of russian involvement despite it being really obvious ? 
  i was talking about shit like that . 
  if you somehow missed it all then sorry , i 'm not going to go digging around for you , me and many others know what we saw . 
  turkey `` stop violating our airspace please '' `` no , seriously , stop '' `` we 'll have to react if you do it again '' russia does it , turkey reacts . 
  `` omg why you hate russia '' you 're an idiot . 
  show me which country constantly violates russian airspace despite being explicitly warned not to do it again or action will be taken ? 
  yeah , tell that to our politicians . 
  we have local and parliamentary elections this year , populism is the name of the game . 
  luckily this time we have a non-political government that will somewhat limit the effects of the usual populism of election years . 
  there 's fear that all of this will lead to a 2008 like scenario and we 'll be caught completely off-guard again , but most people would rather stick their fingers up their ears , ignore the signs , and continue to ask and receive massive tax cuts and wage increases . 
  recently the health and education unions started pressuring the government to give them wage increases that i quote `` will need about 20 billion ron '' which is like 20 % of our national budget and 5 % of our gdp . 
   keep up the good work , i think in a few years you 'll surpass us probably . 
  i really believe our anti-corruption and anti-fraud efforts are a major drive behind the growth . 
  this is what every country should concentrate on , instead of bullshit problems . 
  you 're the one reducing shit to we are good and they are evil . 
  russia is a threat to lithuania , usa is their ally , what 's so hard to get ? 
  nope , but assuming everything is a lie does sound like one . 
  yeah , ok , that sounds like a mental disorder , you should check that out . 
  it goes beyond politics i 'm guessing . 
   the abuses were mostly and primarily done by romanians with no input from russians . 
  you 're completely ignoring the part where the red army occupied romania and propped up the communists . 
   check literacy levels before and after communism . 
  that 's a great way of misleading yourself and everyone else by saying `` oh look they could read '' , yeah , but what did they read ? 
  ever think of that ? 
  communists taught people to be good little obedient sheep that do n't think for themselves . 
  the amount of victim mentality and expecting the state to do everything for you that it instilled in people is incredible and it still lives on today . 
  psychiatry was used only to abuse people . 
  kids were forced to work . 
  all that literacy that you had was made only to serve the purpose of making people helpless little drones or worker bees for the communist party . 
  saying that education was good and intellectually stimulating because literacy rates were high is the biggest and most fucking ignorant and stupid think you said . 
  think a little before posting such shit . 
  like i said all you know apparently comes from stats off wikipedia , since if you knew about what reality was back then , you 'd know that school was one big indoctrination and slave labor machine . 
  this is fucking reality and it is what happened , so do n't you dare say it 's propaganda , because many people that actually went through it can confirm it . 
  the only people that think school was good back then are the dumbest of the dumb of society that think communism was good because they gave you a job and a house . 
  it made a whole generation dumber and more ignorant , that 's what i meant . 
  obviously i was n't literal , or that everyone is down syndrome retarded . 
  i meant that their emotional and intellectual development was seriously hindered . 
  did you know they used to forcefully take kids in primary school to work in the fields ? 
  how can you as a half romanian or whatever the fuck you are think we all deserved it because antonescu took power like the nazi asshole he was . 
  the abuses we were subjected to are countless and for many many years after the war was over . 
  btw , you speak of germany and sucking it up , but east germany actually had it way better than romania did . 
  that 's something to also think about . 
  you would think hitler was a romanian puppet if you go by the amount of shit we had to endure after ww2 . 
  when reality becomes propaganda to a removed kid from the west that has no idea except for what he read on wikipedia . 
  good god . 
  you should stop , because you 're actually managing to make me mad with your fuckton of ignorance . 
  maybe talk about stuff you know from now on . 
  just an interesting tidbit , did you know communists denied mental illness much of the time ? 
  king michael was the rightful heir to be of romania , not antonescu . 
  antonescu was just a nazi that nobody voted for . 
  saying that the punishment of romanians was fair beyond the usual war reparations is very debatable , especially when you 're talking about generations of people punished and ruined . 
  many of the older generations of romania , the 40 + ones , are seriously emotionally and intellectually retarded because of communism , if you do n't live here and you 've never seen it first hand you have no idea . 
  saying all these people deserve it or that people living today deserve everything bad that 's happening because the nazi antonescu took power and joined the axis side until he was removed by the rightful heir king michael which turned romania to the ally side and shortened the war by 6 months is such a crock of shit . 
  it 's easy for you to speak from france , but you have no idea . 
  you think it 's all somehow justified , it 's not . 
  nothing justified what came after . 
  at least romania did what it could after removing antonescu , and although history does n't start in 1944 it apparently means absolutely nothing to you lot . 
  as for your whole `` what about germany '' argument , you do realize that the people did actually vote for hitler right ? 
  furthermore , i think the country that started the whole war and was responsible for the holocaust and the invasion of all of europe is a bit more to blame , but yeah totally the same otherwise . 
  you 're talking to yourself . 
  nobody has ever denied us interventionism , people were denying russia 's intervention in crimea all day though . 
  it took like what , a few months for putin to admit it and russian trolls to calm down about how russia did nothing ? 
  this is the best so far for sure . 
  more believable too . 
  i dunno , could you link to things that are n't 4 hours long and obviously pushing a narrative ? 
  i get it . 
  the usa invented evil . 
  however , it has nothing to do with my post and is nothing more than whataboutism . 
   whataboutism was a propaganda technique used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world .
