  it just seems to me like even though national governments are in many cases worse when it comes to corruption and holding the people 's interests closer in mind , people would rather get fucked over worse by `` their own '' than to get slighted to any degree by the evil brussels . 
  which is pretty ridiculous because national governments are way easier to corrupt by the rich and major corporations . 
  why do you think the eu keeps benefiting the rich ? 
  it 's the most consumer friendly place on earth . 
  many of the rights you enjoy as a `` normal '' person are because of the eu , you would not be better off without it . 
  even the uk , with all its bitching about eu regulations , will eventually see that their coveted national sovereignty will not lead to a better life for the average person or reduce inequality , quite the opposite . 
  assuming a national government with 100 % sovereignty will be better for the people is a mistake , the eu is much better at dealing with , implementing and protecting the rights of consumers , environmental law , getting better trade deals , dealing with major corporations and so on , while also forcing national governments to be accountable and work together for common goals . 
  i think that people do n't realize the benefits the eu brought to their countries , they only see the negatives , both real and imagined , like blaming the eu for the fuck-ups of national governments both of the past and present . 
  sure , it 's worrying , but le pen is pretty much the worst performer out of all the major candidates in a two-way race and would have lost to anyone , not just macron . 
  melenchon and fillon were both projected to win against le pen in the 2 ` nd round , even if they got less votes in the 1 ` st round . 
  what i 'm saying is that while it 's worrying , the reason why she got to the 2 ` nd round is simply because there are 2 rounds , not because she is the 2 ` nd most popular politician in france . 
  she 's not and she would 've lost no matter who she was up against . 
  this happens because there 's a fairly large segment of the population that thinks immigration is the worst possible thing and they will vote for le pen no matter what , while the rest of french society that does not share their views split their votes among 4 or 5 other candidates . 
  it 's like if you think abortion is murder , you will always vote for a candidate that preaches against it because nothing can be more important than the literal murdering of babies right ? 
  but the rest of the population considers you insane so they will vote for anyone else . 
  now what 's really worrying is that so many people think immigrants are the worst thing . 
  it 's exactly the same as with abortion , if you subscribe to the worldview that there 's some white genocide going on and that immigrants are the scourge of society , you will probably vote for le pen and have a very high tolerance for any retarded thing she says , because there 's very little that could persuade them not to vote for someone that will in their minds stop the rape and murder of white europeans , that 's why these politicians can get away so easily with so many things that would disqualify a normal politician . 
  now , it would be interesting to talk about why so many people believe immigration is the worst thing and justifies voting for people like le pen , but my post is already getting too long . 
  hope that made sense . 
  i made a logical assumption , strange right ? 
  if you post on the_donald , it means you probably agree with the viewpoints being pushed there . 
  it 's not a hard assumption to make either considering that they ban anyone that does n't agree with the narrative . 
  thus , what i said most probably applies to you . 
  are you going to tell me that you do n't actually agree with their narrative and you post there to show your opposition ? 
  lol . 
  try to go beyond memeing in your reasoning . 
  that 's not the point though , the documents provided by fn are obviously fake , that is the point , that they 're willing to make up shit just to sway a few voters . 
  it 's a shame so many people trust them . 
  it 's just blind ideology based on the idea that the ends justify the means . 
  you fuckers are so stupid you do n't even realize you 're unwillingly fighting for the interests of a country that has nothing but contempt for your nation and would see it crash and burn in flames . 
  jesus fucking christ t_d is a perfect example of a [ useful idiot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) . 
  you people are so blinded by your hate for liberals and immigrants that you would rather willingly or unwillingly participate in a war being waged against your country than to work together with the other half of your countrymen . 
  no mate , it 's clear he likes to fuck little islander boys . 
  weirdest fucking thing is that the whole pizza code thing was actually invented by 4chan a while back , you know ... 4chan ... the website that was famous for having fucking child pornography posted there occasionally and for inventing memes such as the pedobear and posting about lolis . 
  the irony is just too much , considering that 4chan has always been a soft-core pedophile hotbed on the clear net . 
  pretty much this , but it 's still very damaging to europe , so what people like trump and le pen are doing , by willfully participating in russia 's information war against us , does smell of treason . 
  well yes , that 's the thing innit ? 
  everyone has flaws and everyone fucks up or uses language they should not have used in certain circumstances . 
  that 's why it 's total bs when `` transparency '' is applied to only one side which gets all their info released . 
  i would bet my left nut that you would find plenty of e-mails like that or worse in the republican or le pen camp , but when you only have that info on one candidate it 's easy to make up conspiracies and use every little wrong word or questionable thing against them . 
  that 's also why the right to privacy is a fundamental human right . 
  people that say `` i have nothing to hide '' probably do n't realize just how much they could be damaged if someone had a real interest in doing harm to them and had access to all their correspondence and shit . 
  when there 's millions of people out there willing to speculate any word and fuck up against you , or even simply make up stories by piecing together harmless pieces of text , anyone would come out of it smeared . 
  no , we should allow russia to use cyber attacks in order to influence our elections and pray to the god of free and unbiased journalism called wikileaks which selectively releases information so autists on 4chan can sift through them and make up crazy pizzagate conspiracies based on e-mails about lunch . 
  probably because he made russia relevant again and showed everyone that russia stronk . 
  just playin ' on the ol' nationalist sentiment . 
  nothing more . 
  that 's what really bothers me about this blind nationalism people are promoting , even on subreddits like / r/europe . 
  it just makes you easily manipulable as long as some politician gives you a nice enemy to fight against or claims that your country is under threat . 
  to be clear , i have no problem with patriotism , and i mean actual patriotism , but i do have a problem with the ideology called `` nationalism '' which is nothing more than a chauvinistic approach to the world . 
  that 's just because they 're all authoritarians , so for now they 're using each other and being friendly with each other in order to gain power , but if they ever go get power , watch them stab the others in the back . 
  you 're both right , in reality it 's stupid americans picking up and distributing russian propaganda unknowingly because that is what is fed to them by alt-right websites and russian government propaganda outlets like russia today . 
  what you consider `` protecting '' , a lot of your countrymen consider a betrayal of french liberal and democratic values , so there is n't really any need for you to go around protecting `` us '' , because we are all different people with different ideas and worldviews . 
  you also talk about `` they '' like `` they '' are some singular entity that all think the same . 
  see , your problem seems to be not being able to grasp that people are individuals and should not be judged by their skin color , ethnicity , religion or any other single trait , because very often you can not define a person by this alone . 
  unless you 're a racist of course , then you can believe `` they '' are bad people because there are bad people among them . 
  through fake news and propaganda by a foreign power with goals opposite of yours . 
  totally the same guys . 
  he ca n't do that unilaterally , there has to be a vast consensus among the eu members . 
  considering there 's millions of muslims living in germany , i would say they have integrated . 
  how easily you are willing to hold all of them responsible for the actions , not even actions , but potential actions , of a few hundred . 
  this is the same kind of thinking that leads to terror attacks , only in a more exaggerated fashion and hopped up on religion or various ideologies . 
  punishing the innocent for the actions of others is such a nice human trait , always . 
  because in every civilized country in the world , suspicion alone is not usually enough to prosecute someone , and deporting your own citizens is n't much of an option either , because ... well ... they 're your own citizens , and your own responsibility , nobody elses . 
  the general thought behind this is that it is more important to protect and conserve the rights to a fair trial or against unlawful punishment than punishing some few hundred people , out of which some , or many , might even be innocent or never actually carry out an attack . 
  the only way to fight terrorism very effectively would be to become a totalitarian state , but throwing away human rights and democracy just so you can prevent a few terror attacks means it 's simply not worth it for the vast majority of people and rightfully so , the consequences overall would be far more negative than they would be positive . 
  until a few years ago most europeans opposed homosexuality as well , although maybe not to the point where they thought it should be made illegal . 
  most still do , just not in western europe . 
  why do people insist to make a contest of who and what retarded beliefs each nation , ethnicity or race has ? 
  nobody wins , because many people are retarded everywhere . 
  i propose this new and remarkable thing called judging people individually instead of using statistics to disparage people based on their < insert single characteristic here  . 
  you can use statistics to call americans stupid , greeks lazy , romanians thieves and whatever the fuck else , it 's easy to generalize and then treat people like shit based on your imagined view of what they are like . 
  germany really fucked up with ww1 , they , together with austria-hungary , were itching for war and made a mess of the continent . 
  in retrospect , the conditions were too harsh as they lead to the eventual rise to power of hitler , but that is only in hindsight , as far as the entente was concerned in 1918 , germany was dangerous and needed to be neutered in some way in order to prevent future aggression . 
  it 's not a secret . 
  big economic crisis hits , the working class gets hit the hardest , they lose their jobs and their wages start dropping and stagnating for years , they look for someone to blame , guess who 's the easiest target in every society ? 
  hope you guessed minorities and immigrants , because that 's who . 
  it 's the perfect grounds for populists such as le pen to start stoking the fires of fear and hatred . 
  i was going to add some more the my post but i 'll keep it short , since these are pretty much facts in my opinion . 
  this cycle has happened numerous times throughout history . 
  economic crisis are connected with the rise of extremism , and boy oh boy , the 2008 recession was a big , double-dipped mother fucker , which lasted for years . 
  then you also have the terrorist attacks which undoubtedly contributed . 
  30 % is a given to pretty much any candidate no matter how terrible they are in the second round of presidential elections . 
  some people have no idea what the fuck they 're voting for , i 'd say that even by pure chance a candidate is going to snag about 15 % of the votes just because they got to the 2 ` nd round and people that do n't give a fuck/have no clue will just go 50/50 based on who 's mug they saw the most on tv . 
  then you have the given 10 % of crazies in every nation that will just vote for the worst possible option just to spite society and give a big middle finger . 
  the problem with the latter 10 % is that in times like ours , they 're not just 10 % , their numbers swell up like flies in a sea of shit , while shitlords such as le pen ca n't wait to use them in order to smear the world in shit . 
  yes , it 's no surprise people are salivating over the huge tax cuts that were promised , but like i explained , that is not necessarily a good thing . 
  yeah , because he promised companies the biggest tax cuts in the history of modern america , that 's why stock is going up . 
  it 's completely irrelevant and it 's the same dumb argument that was used during brexit when the stocks and the pound fell dramatically and people were talking about 1/5 ` th of the british economy being wiped out or something . 
  when talking about stocks the only thing that matters is long term , and long term does n't mean 3 months since trump has been in office . 
  what do you think trump actually accomplished during these 3 months to improve the economy ? 
  so far it 's all based on promises . 
  it 's also naive to believe those tax cuts are going to truly benefit the average american in the medium to long term . 
  it 's easy to promise huge tax cuts for everyone , it 's harder to deal with reality afterwards . 
  like it seriously is very fucking easy to just promise things like 5 % tax for everyone ( example ) , the real problem occurs when the average citizen actually buys into it and thinks it 's going to be great simply because taxes = bad . 
  it 's also pretty much known that lowering taxes so much during periods of relative boom is a dumb decision , because when a financial crisis inevitably hits you ca n't cut them any lower , you 're stranded for cash and raising taxes in that context will only suffocate the economy even more . 
  but that 's a discussion for another time . 
  simply put though , during periods of boom it 's good to have higher taxes , so you can go lower when the economy actually really needs the boost . 
  a shame that the irrational hate for soros seems to be inversely proportional to the actual well-being of the countries involved . 
  it 's almost like having people that actually use their brains instead of just believing every conspiracy theory and scapegoating done by authoritarians all over the world regarding soros is ultimately good for the country .
