  do people seriously believe they ca n't be worse off , people living in england no less ? 
  i 'm sure unemployment is a problem , but i 'm also pretty sure that unemployment is n't higher than 10-15 % , so yes , it can be worse , much worse . 
  the fact that british industry ca n't compete is ironically also an effect of brits having good wages and living standards , so the only way those jobs are coming back is if environmental protections , wages , work safety , benefits and so on take a big downgrade . 
  apparently that 's what the uk is after though . 
   the eu and nato are blights upon europe -- the sooner they dissolve , the better . 
  as opposed to russian imperialism ? 
  eu and nato are a godsend . 
  holy mother of revisionist history . 
  russia has never been the `` west '' , it 's been one imperialistic authoritarian cunt of a country for literally centuries and has caused massive damage to eastern europe . 
  still is , but has been to . 
  the west may not have been too affected by it , but how quick are they ( and you ) to throw us under the bus because russia is your `` friend '' , lol . 
  russia is its own friend and its interests clearly contradict the interests of eastern europe , the eu and nato . 
  oh , you poor innocent boy . 
  facts can be used as propaganda , in fact any good propaganda relies on facts as well . 
  the fact that `` not 5 minutes go by without them reminding you of america 's atrocities '' is one way to do it . 
  if you 'd have a news agency waging war against russia the same way russia is waging an information war on the usa , i do n't think the usa would have a chance of winning the `` most awful '' competition . 
  besides , they 're not nearly as factual as you seem to think , they use facts to fit a narrative , omitting the inconvenient facts and drawing conclusions based on the ones they carefully select , that 's not `` factual '' , it 's manipulation , even if the individual pieces might be factual . 
  all you really need is some amount of critical thinking skills and paying attention , this was always the case . 
  problem is most people would rather be ideologues and have `` convictions '' than analyze things logically and try to see things in a broader sense . 
  they are pretty successful . 
  their channels are more than just sputnik or rt , both of which have plenty of following anyway . 
  for example the alt-right movement which is pretty huge right now leans pretty heavily on russia 's information war . 
  they actively use russian disinformation and propaganda as a means to justify their position and gather more following . 
  yeah but it 's well known that russia spends way more on the military than western states , and that 's just what you see on the books . 
  i 'm 100 % sure there 's a lot more money being diverted towards military purposes that does n't show up in russia 's yearly budget . 
  still , it 's not that hard to understand . 
  italy may have a gdp the size of russia 's , but italy has n't been a regional power like ever , they have neither the expertise nor the willpower to do something like this , and really they do n't have a reason either . 
  russia on the other hand has the motives , the expertise and the money . 
  racism is often used as an umbrella term for attacks based on skin color/ethnicity/nationality . 
  deal with it . 
  language evolves . 
  everyone understands that poles are n't a different race , why be so pedantic . 
  racism is n't that hard to understand , people are just being lazy as fuck or acting ignorant . 
  itt you have people wondering `` but why poles '' instead of discussing why are so many people racist idiots . 
  it 's sad . 
  racism basically works on stereotyping , you take a few bad examples , then you generalize over the whole population , then you take your hate and anger out on a random bloke from said population because your dumb racist ass is too dumb to realize the person that ` took your job ' or ` raped that old lady ' or ` robbed my friend ' is n't one and the same as the one you 're punching just because they come from the same place . 
   because its fashionable to call brits racists where have you been for the past years ? 
  it 's not that it 's fashionable to call brits racist , it 's that a lot of people are fucking racist , and brexit had an obvious racist component . 
  hate crimes soared after the brexit , are you telling me it 's a coincidence ? 
  all that anti-immigrant and anti-foreigners rhetoric had to have some consequences at one point , it 's just that all the shit-gobbling idiots that read murdoch 's tabloids and see nothing wrong with ` calling it like it is ' which is code-speak for let 's single out minorities we do n't like and brainwash people into thinking they 're evil and taking our jobs do n't seem to see anything wrong with this . 
   they have nothing left to lose , and so if the economy tanks they 'll not care nor will they likely notice , given their already downtrodden economic situation . 
  lol . 
  they have very much to lose , they just do n't realize it . 
  if anyone living in a western country thinks they have nothing to lose and that they 're at the bottom of the barrel , boy oh boy do i have some news for them . 
  yeah , shows how much you know . 
  you may be way over-romanticizing how ancient tribes worked . 
  yes , some amount of `` socialism '' has always been present in human society which is why even today europe has what is called a `` social-democracy '' , but saying it was socialism where everyone was equal and shit is disturbingly ignorant . 
  it 's funny that you use east germany as an example , when it 's the best example there is of why communism sucked for eastern europe . 
  the divide between western and eastern germany was pretty huge and it 's still visible to this very day and that 's taking into account the fact that eastern germany really did n't have it that bad compared to other eastern dictatorships . 
  that completely ignores the fact that nobody actually had that info except the us itself . 
  nobody knew they only had those two bombs , that 's why it was such an effective bluff . 
  i doubt stalin would 've made no concessions after witnessing the destructive power of nuclear bombs . 
  no mate , how delusional can you be ? 
  do you even know anything about those times beyond the rose-tinted glasses bullshit that old people say because they 're unhappy with their lives ? 
  it usually boils down to , i 'm a useless fucker that does n't wan na learn any valuable skills so i wish the state would sponsor some useless job for me to do . 
  communism is inefficient as fuck and it only existed to give people the illusion of a healthy and equal society to justify dictatorship , while underneath the sickness grew and grew until it all collapsed due to its unsustainability and lack of competitiveness or innovation . 
   those goddamn chinese idiots multiplying gdp per capita and enriching millions of people !, 
  by letting go of the communist ideology and embracing capitalist principles . 
  point ... proven ? 
  and how does that change anything ? 
  bringing missiles into cuba was much more of an act of escalation and threatening in the height of the cold war than the euromaidan which was mostly due to internal problems and not some threat of nato or the eu . 
  it all boils down to russia not wanting to let ukraine choose its own path because of some future desire to join the eu . 
  the real question is why putin is so insistent to make an enemy out of the west . 
  we know the answer as well but putin fanboys will never accept it , they are already convinced the west is the enemy and that russia is under constant threat . 
  the reality is that nobody in the us or eu is insane enough or willing to attack russia , but they are extremely wary of russia 's actions which useful idiots confuse with western aggression . 
  its doublethink all the way down . 
  the eu didnt really do shit , the people were just sick of having a russian lapdog as president . 
  they wanted the accession treaty signed because they saw their neighbors do so much better than them thanks to joining the eu and actually getting rid of corruption . 
  putin just didnt want to see another country go the way of the eu and become a success story . 
  it would be pretty devastating in the long run for him as it would show russians that the problem is with their leaders , not the west . 
  a good example showing how little you know maybe . 
  it was the cuban missile crisis for a reason . 
  if the us or eu would haul nuclear weapons into ukraine i would also agree russia 's reaction was more justified , although annexation would still not be . 
  you 're crazy if you think sanctions have no effect . 
  the only question is whether we should escalate them . 
  and the answer is yes , we should . 
  it 's not just us influence either , at least more than half of eu countries are very worried about russia , including the front line ones like romania , baltics , poland , finland , sweden . 
  you 're basically saying we should just let russia do what it wants without any consequences . 
  that 's incredibly dumb geopolitics . 
  good thing you 're not leading any country . 
  i dunno , letting sovereign countries decide their own path for themselves ? 
  i know that 's too much to ask of russia 's mentality , but yes , that . 
  do you really believe that 's why russia is so much less succcessful than it should be ? 
  or do you believe this is the best you can achieve ? 
  60 % might be permafrost , but it 's still true that russia is the most naturally rich country in the world , with a sizable population and a very good geographic location between europe and asia . 
  at least the rest of us in eastern europe realize that we 're poor because of some bad circumstances ( like enforced communism ) and because of shitty leaders . 
  it feels like russia does n't want to admit how toxic the ussr actually was nor that their leaders may be more to blame than the scarecrow called the west that is out to get you . 
  you mean like we did before they annexed crimea ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's ridiculous that you think saying `` sorry about the sanctions , here , have crimea and we 'll be removing those as well '' is going to work . 
  it would be a huge win for putin and russia and it would clearly show that the west is n't willing to follow through , giving him a green light to do whatever he pleases . 
  you do n't deal with bullies by being a doormat , you deal with them by showing strength and that you 're not to be messed with . 
  you do n't see them because these sanctions are not enough by themselves , at least not for now , which is why they should be stepped up . 
  no matter how loyal the population might be towards putin now , if the economy is hit severely enough that it ends up with him having to cut salaries , pensions and social programs , his popularity is going to drop faster than a rock in the atlantic . 
  that 's how you force change through economic sanctions . 
  putin himself is n't affected , he 's a billionaire for sure and will continue to be , but if his popular support is gone , so is he . 
  that 's how it works in theory . 
  in practice it depends on just how crazy he is and how far he 's willing to go to maintain his power . 
  european military plans = nato literally invading russia right ? 
  because both are powered in part by russia 's propaganda machines and in some cases their money .
