  they 're literally saying they oppose anti-discrimination . 
  you 're also probably aware of the recent outrage against kinder for using `` not german '' faces on their packages in preparation of the euros . 
  not germans like boateng . 
   and could you then point out me to an example of their rhetoric which calls for restricting or discriminating against minorities ? 
  not a european example i know , but it 's easily the most visible one regarding that type of rhetoric . 
   [ donald j. trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/video/2015/dec/08/donald-trump-calls-for-complete-ban-on-muslims-entering-the-us-video ) que people cheering . 
  if that 's not discrimination i do n't know what is . 
  it pretty much translates to lets restrict people 's rights based on nothing more than their religious beliefs . 
  guilty until proven innocent . 
  you share religion/skin color/ethnicity with others that have done bad things , you deserve having your rights taken away . 
  that kind of rhetoric is extremely dangerous and stupid , very particular to the far right . 
  fine , it 's pointless arguing assumptions like that anyway , but even if i were to agree with everything you said , that just proves that merkel was naive and made a mistake in choosing her words . 
  true as that may be , it 's still absolutely no reason to burn down democracy by electing the far right . 
  my argument here is n't whether merkel is a good politician or whether her words could or could n't be interpreted , my argument is that the far right is no solution at all and it would only make things worse for everybody . 
  the far right is neither reasonable nor a solution to anything , despite being historical supporters of `` final solutions '' . 
  lol . 
  it 's really not that hard to decipher if you actually read their whole platforms on not just their rants against immigration , which , as appealing as they are to many people , are only one aspect these parties push that works for them at the moment . 
  the far right is pretty well defined , what makes the difference is when their rhetoric turns towards restricting rights , discriminating against minorities and disobeying the rule of law . 
  that 's a good sign . 
  there 's a very long way from what merkel did or say to putting blame on her for the loss of lives and you 're being really fucking dishonest by implying otherwise . 
  she said the only thing she could in the framework of german and international law . 
  she did n't invite them and she did n't encourage people to make the journey . 
  her only `` fault '' is not being a cunt like the precious far right and threatening to close down all the borders . 
  well then people should probably not elect populists like orban . 
  of course things are n't so simple , but hungarians need to wake up and realize that orban is doing a lot of damage through his bullshit pandering . 
  and the far right represents that heritage ? 
  you have to give me more material , i can only laugh so much about your drivel on isis and the left . 
  tell me more about why you support the far right , what do you like about them except that they 're anti-immigration ? 
  i bet your mum did n't really hug you as a child and your dad always had this disappointed look on his face when talking to you . 
  it 's probably why you 're such a hater . 
  keep on keeping on your shitty meme speak bro . 
  people like you is all we need for everyone to realize what a bunch of childish cunts the far right is . 
  you 'd really be doing them a favor by shutting up , so keep going . 
  and you 're a conspiratard with nothing to show for all his words , your rhetoric echoing through the chambers of / pol / like the information that manages to penetrate your thick and empty skull . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  this is you : http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/738/025/db0.jpg, 
  i do n't consider everyone who disagrees with me a nutjob like your precious little strawman does , we can talk left and right all day long like i said . 
  i consider the far right to be nutjobs , like i consider the westboro baptist church . 
  get it through your head . 
  and another thing , voicing opinions is very different from imposing them unto others , which is what we were talking about . 
  the far right can have all the stupid opinions they wish , the problem is that if they start implementing them they start shitting on the rights of very many people . 
  yeah , everyone 's opinion is valid , any kind of political ideology deserves equal respect . 
  nope . 
  every opinion is not just as valid and not every political ideology deserves respect . 
  this kind of deliberate intellectual dishonesty were you 're trying to paint others as unreasonable because they do n't give respect to very fucking unreasonable beliefs like the ones pushed by the far right does n't somehow make you enlightened , it makes you unable to think for yourself beyond simple and meaningless platitudes such as everyone 's opinion is equal and nobody can be right or wrong . 
  the refugee crisis is n't `` mass inviting immigration '' and multiculturalism is n't some deliberate plan as you 've been lead to believe , multiculturalism happened and you ca n't `` unhappen '' it , you also ca n't say that the refugee crisis has anything to do with it , because it does n't . 
  this is the kind of shitty propaganda that we 're talking about in this topic , `` merkel invited the refugees to destroy europe through her sorosist multicultural agenda '' is exactly the type of idiotic shit that is pushed by the far right and you 've swallowed the bait . 
  yeah , i 'm being emotional for not blaming the nations problems on some immigrants and believing that the solution is saying that a whole group of people , all of them , are somehow incapable of being assimilated . 
  is someone worthier to be hated or discriminated against based on the percentage of crimes committed by others that share his skin color or religion ? 
  is that what you are seriously implying ? 
  am i to be hated because romanian gypsies go around robbing parisians ? 
  should i take the fall for the crazy romanian guy that killed a woman in italy ? 
  how about you ? 
  are you responsible or should you be held responsible for the stupid shit your own country men do ? 
  if you 're a christian should you be held responsible for the crimes that christian terrorist groups are responsible for ? 
  there is no logic in this , only tribalism . 
  there is no rationality , it 's exactly what you 're accusing , justifying your voting habits on your generalizations and prejudices . 
  sorry , the far right does n't and should n't have a place in european politics . 
  they are fundamentally against our modern democracies and values . 
  i welcome left vs right debate all day long , but there 's a long way to go from `` ring wing '' to `` far right '' . 
  it 's not `` us vs them '' it 's us , all of us , realizing that we would be making a huge mistake by entrusting power to nutjobs that promise us salvation by handling them pesky minorities . 
  it 's fucking obvious if you 're willing to open your eyes . 
  the only reason fn moved closer to the center is because they realized it 's their only chance to capture a larger electorate base , not because their values have suddenly changed . 
  why do you think marine kicked out her father ? 
  the guy was just too oldschool with his racism , oldschool as in obvious as fuck . 
  the new kind is much more subtle , now it 's saying stuff like `` let 's close down all the borders '' or `` muslims are just too different culturally and ca n't fit with our values '' , `` putin is a good guy '' etc. 
  instead of outright saying that hitler did nothing wrong like her father did . 
  yeah , just like they were right about the jews . 
  you 're fucking nuts . 
  you 're implying the left is in cahoots with isis for votes . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  you 've lost touch with reality . 
   it 's very clear how the left is against isis when they condemn muslim violence on a daily basis actually every mainstream party has condemned violence . 
  you 're just confusing not condemning with not wishing death upon every muslim . 
  it 's hard to tell the difference because you 've been lead to believe that anything short of declaring our own jihad against muslims is `` not condemning '' . 
  yeah . 
  they purposely orchestrated the refugee crisis in the middle east to get more voters . 
  they probably worked with isis to do it too right ? 
  ignorance and lack of education , upbringing , exacerbated nationalism . 
  there was a statistic posted a couple of weeks ago that 1 in 5 british teenagers thought churchill was a fictional character . 
  you know , like spiderman . 
  that 's a part of your voters right there . 
  not nationalism , but the kind of ultra-nationalism that the far right uses . 
  thinking you are superior to others , discriminating or instigating hate towards minorities . 
  that 's the kind of nationalism that is a serious problem and has been throughout history . 
  it 's not a bad thing that it 's stigmatized in europe , it 's fucking healthy . 
  `` we will help refugees '' = literally killing them . 
  i see there 's still plenty of useful idiots left to peddle conspiracies . 
  sure , increased border security can help . 
  dude , i 'm sorry , people were fucking hateful as fuck towards romania and still are . 
  stats that painted us as criminals are nothing new . 
  you ca n't tell me the situations are n't similar . 
  people generalize and stereotype , that 's what this is about . 
  nothing less and nothing more . 
  it does n't matter in the end if there 's 10.000 or 50.000 bad apples , because what should really matter is judging people individually instead of indiscriminately being racist and hateful towards a whole group of people . 
  if people do n't understand this then the problem might in fact be with them . 
  holding others responsible or sentencing them for the crimes of their peers sure is a good way to be a fucking cunt , that 's what racism and xenophobia is in the end , discriminating against someone based simply on their race , ethnicity or religion and not for their individual actions or beliefs . 
  it 's wrong no matter how much people justify it with stats like `` but look how many muslims support sharia '' . 
  it 's the same with eastern europeans .
