  yeah and funnily enough  migrants from the western balkans -- almost all of whom have their asylum applications rejected -- make up a large number of the rejected applicants , the paper reported . 
  many of them are not even from the countries you mentioned . 
  problems with deportation are a separate issue entirely . 
  if you want to do the right thing , you fix the deportation system to be more effective , you do n't shut down refugee laws because some might take advantage of the refugee crisis . 
  your argument is that basically we should throw refugees under a bus because some assholes take advantage of it to move to germany . 
  always with the best solutions you guys . 
  i suppose pis is also right in dismantling democracy as long as they protect poland from the millions of refugees that wan na move there / s seems like a rational response . 
  it 's just grasping for imaginary enemies in order to justify further authoritarianism . 
  gullen , soros , communists , immigrants , you name it . 
  seems like this is the cornerstone of conservative/alt _ right views . 
  as long as they protect us from immigrants , they can turn the country in a dictatorship for all i care !, 
  you do n't seem to get how the refugee system works . 
  those people used the real refugee waves to come to europe , that does n't mean they will get refugee status , because they wo n't . 
  it makes sense , you find imaginary enemies to fight in order to justify your further encroachment in the democratic institutions that uphold it and grasping more power . 
  modern democracy is more than that , i suggest you inform yourself . 
  for example the rule of law is considered to be a central part of democracy , so is the independence of the judiciary . 
  if by shitposting you mean inciting violence against groups of people , yes . 
  you do realize that 's pretty much the rhetoric used by authoritarians everywhere right ? 
  just like erdogan is using gullen to clear out the judiciary . 
  it 's just a way to justify strenghtening their grip over the justice system , since you need all 3 branches to fulfill you 're dumb dreams of an `` illiberal democracy '' . 
  i doubt there are that many judges from the communist era left , and just because some worked during those times does n't mean they are not good at their jobs either , nor that they hold some loyalty to the old communist party , since everyone had to work , even back then . 
  lol pretty much the excuses our corrupt politicians use to try and sabotage the justice system . 
  if you want cases not to take years ( which they do in most places ) then the solution is to fund the system better and hire more judges , not whatever b s they are proposing . 
  as for people arrested for years without charges , i 'm pretty sure that 's illegal in most countries and contrary to the european convention of human rights . 
   but iraq being a mistake and the refugee policy being a mistake are two separate unrelated issues . 
  yeah , it 's a mistake to not let people die after your country and other `` conservatives '' fucked up the middle east . 
  fuck outta here . 
  our country does n't praise our leaders that came in the 2000 's , even though growth was good and things were much better than in the 90 's . 
  i suppose that 's the difference and that 's why romania will eventually be much better off than russia . 
  we seem to have aimed higher than the russians are and we hold our politicians to standards that are low , but still much higher than what the average russian seems to believe is a good politician . 
  it probably helps that over the years romania has strenghtened its democratic institutions , while russia seems to have just drifted back into dictatorship , thanks to putin . 
  but i suppose our people were always more pro-west and have viewed countries like germany as models to follow , while russia is still convinced the west is out to fuck them if they ever become `` weak '' as in democratic and non-imperialistic . 
  many of them still think of the ussr fondly , while romania has ran away from the new `` ussr '' like from a cancer . 
  nationalistic pride is a wonderful thing . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that 's what keeps russians happy with putin . 
  he may be corrupt as fuck and unwilling to reform the nation , but at least he makes them feel important , like they 're fighting the good fight against the mean ol' baddies that is the west . 
  an economic crisis created by putin . 
  state propaganda in russia must be the tits . 
  it can be worse but it can be much better . 
  russian people seem to be so fearful of change that they wont even attempt change for the better and are happy with being run by dictator putin and his oligarchs as long as it isnt as bad as in the 90s after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  a shame . 
  russia is not doing fine . 
  they are extremelely rich in resources and only the very wealtiest profit , inequality in russia is absolutely massive . 
  romania is going to surpass russian gdp per capita in like 3 years . 
  if your only point for comparisson is the 90s then it might be fine , but if you want to strive from we living standards , then it is shit . 
   i 'm social retard hey , we do n't use that term around here , it 's `` socially challenged '' . 
  schroedinger 's immigrant . 
  steals jobs but also lazy as fuck and does n't want to work . 
   if you give money on strict conditions , you actually shut out their own government . 
  why is that ? 
  you want to have their cooperation , while conditioning the aid on their good behavior . 
  of course there 's not much you can do from the outside , but investments in infrastructure are usually the best thing you can actually do . 
  china is already doing that in a lot of african states , not for free of course , but yeah . 
  africa mostly needs to be left alone to grow . 
  currently it is rapidly growing , so europe should just try to encourage that trend instead of going colonial on them . 
  with the rapid spread of the internet and the world becoming more interconnected , i think it 's just a matter of time . 
  of course it would have to be with the participation of the local governments . 
  ideally the money for investments should only be given on strict conditions to make sure wastage if minimum . 
  you would n't build up the entire infrastucture in africa in a year though , but it sure is better than just giving money or food aid . 
  investments in infrastructure , healthcare and education . 
  giving them money wo n't work , neither does overthrowing their government , and bringing them to europe certainly would n't make africa a better place either . 
  the solution is to help them be better off , not to stop them from having children . 
  that only comes with education and access to healthcare . 
  how is that not related to people being better off ? 
  so you 're linking stuff that proves his point ? 
  yes , the worse off people are , the more kids they have . 
  having many kids used to be the norm in the early 20 ` th century in europe . 
  actually yes , africa is rapidly developing . 
  it 's still going to take a few decades though for them to get to comparable living standards as in eastern europe at least . 
  seems like it 's a good time to invest in real estate then . 
  however , like i said in another post , by applying this logic you would be opposed to any kind of high paying jobs being created in the city . 
  obviously that can not be good for anyone . 
  countries and cities need high paying jobs . 
  how much is property tax in frankfurt ? 
  it 's ridiculously low in most countries . 
  the logic does n't work no matter how you look at it though . 
  by applying this logic you 're saying that no high paying jobs should ever be created in your city because the price of real estate will rise . 
  obviously this is extremely counterproductive . 
  you ca n't have thriving city with just low paying jobs , nor a thriving country for that matter . 
  are n't those communities mostly made out of home owners ? 
  if they 've lived there for decades , it seems like it should be the case . 
  or do people actually rent for decades ? 
  good if you 're a home owner , bad if you 're renting . 
  overall it 's definitely good for the city . 
  unfortunately , not everyone will be a winner . 
  although it 's possible that a rise in income and jobs will also help the average renting citizen by putting upward pressure on wages . 
  k . so you still have n't answered any of my arguments or questions . 
  i ask again , should the eu never get anything done again because 10 % of the dutch population use referendums as a way to send a middle finger to the eu ? 
  you yourself admitted that it was always about that and never about the treaty or ukraine . 
  i just do n't understand how you ca n't see why that is ridiculous . 
  seems like you 're so bent out of shape by the eu that you 're blinded by irrational hatred . 
  you 're simply not looking at the bigger picture , you 're 100 % fixated on your little group that is anti-eu with a complete disregard for everyone else in the union and ukraine . 
  then , * ironically * , you cry about how the people are not listened to . 
  dude just stop pretending , you were already going to vote for that idiot wilders , all this non-sense about `` this is why people vote anti-eu '' is just that , non-sense . 
  i gave well reasoned arguments , trying to make you see things the bigger picture perspective , that takes into consideration the 550 million population of the eu and the 50 million ukrainians , and you 're stuck on why the eu did n't follow the wishes of 10 % of the dutch population in the referendum opposed to the rest of the union . 
  just one last thing  youre completely out of touch with how the dutch feel about the eu this is completely irrelevant to whether the eu should sign an accession treaty with ukraine . 
  should the eu get absolutely nothing done now because a segment of the dutch population is anti-eu ? 
  ridiculous . 
  here 's the thing . 
  your whole argument revolves around the fact that about 20 % of the dutch voting population were not listened to , which you use as a base to claim that the eu is not really democratic .
