  just no . 
   the problem i see with this is that education is an investment by all of society . 
  i 'm not sure the money they sent back makes up for the money the state has put into their training . 
  it does make up for it if many of them would be unemployed back home , which was likely to be the case if they did n't emigrate . 
  even now a lot of engineers in romania ca n't really find a proper job . 
  it 's not like there 's this huge need for engineers which is n't getting satisfied . 
  most of the job vacancies in romania right now are in the minimum wage range , unskilled labor , and maybe it . 
  yeah , he actually thought the bbc referred to may as an elephant . 
  except that what le pen is proposing will definitely not make it stop and you 're naive as fuck if you think it will . 
  if she wins the only thing that will happen is the escalation of racial , ethnic and religious frictions and also possibly new tensions between the major western powers , so new problems . 
  her solutions are a version of cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  she 's also more than willing to throw anyone under the bus as long as she gets her precious power , innocent or not , like i could easily imagine her giving eastern europe on a platter to russia as long as it helps her . 
  yeah and the reason why putin dislikes the eu are the same reasons why le pen does and it has nothing to do with france being for the french . 
  it sucks that you bought into the pipe dreams sold to you by le pen nicely packaged in the wrap of nationalism . 
  nothing like using religion or national identity to fire up people that do n't think beyond us v them mentality . 
  putin is the enemy of western values . 
  you 're basically saying that le pen 's enemies are western values . 
  which is very accurate btw , i just do n't think you realize what you said . 
  you 're a cunt . 
  no joke . 
  say it like it is baws . 
  nothing like some good ol' xenophobia on reddit . 
  romania was closer to nk than western europe at that point . 
  we 've had a hard dictatorship . 
   very often we made people revote yeah , after changes were made . 
  that 's how things are supposed to work . 
  i do n't see what the issue with that is . 
  as for the rest of the referendums , they were on specific issues and not the eu as a whole . 
  just because people voted no on the euro or what have you does n't mean that public opinion is against the eu , as proven by the many positive referendums held on the subjects of enlargement of the eu which are far more related to `` popular support for the eu '' than voting no on the greek bailouts or hungary 's no vote on immigration ( hungary btw is massively pro-eu as a whole ) . 
  and when was public opinion against it exactly ? 
  the only real time you could say that was during the brexit , and they left the union as a result , altho it was very close , but the uk was always on the edge . 
  public opinion does n't mean the opinion of your friends and family . 
  it has mostly been positive throughout the decades . 
  public opinion was very much in favor for the creation of the initial eu and saying it was n't so is the actual lie . 
  you seem to think it was imposed on people against their will , but public opinion used to be highly in favor of the eu or its ancestors for most decades since its creation . 
   by the complete lack of personal responsibility by the `` temporary caretakers '' and you seem to believe that there would be more personal responsibility for a monarch ? 
  at least politicians have to fight for votes in order to get elected which does give incentive to them , a monarch would not have to bother with that . 
  i ca n't help but think your knowledge of history is n't very up to par if you seriously believe the current system is hellish compared to what we used to have . 
  or maybe you just believe that you 're going to be one of the people that will benefit from such a world . 
   it 's can be and has been multiple times lot better and libertarian than the current hellish system . 
  like when ? 
  when has the common man actually lived a better quality of life than today in europe ? 
  why would you want an absolute monarchy ? 
  since when do people think it 's a good idea to give unlimited power to one man . 
  sure , sometimes it 's not so bad , but when it turns out bad , it 's horrible and worst thing is nobody can do shit about it . 
  there are n't any really . 
  fidesz in hungary could barely be considered far right , although they 're edging kinda close , they are n't there . 
  yet . 
  anyway , people should n't confuse the normal right wing with the far right . 
  it would be good to understand that there 's a big difference between the two . 
  being right wing does not imply ultranationalism , discrimination , authoritarianism or anything else which describes the far right . 
  it 's not , nationalists just really love focusing on the differences , ignoring that the nation state is itself a modern creation by historic standards between people that shared certain things but also had plenty of differences . 
  a world government is already a good idea as it would be way more efficient in solving many of the issues humanity as a whole is facing . 
  the problem is that for now it is impossible . 
  there needs to be a lot more convergence between nation states , and it will happen firstly by the creation of world-region federations such as the eu . 
  we 're a very long way off but imo it 's the natural course of the evolution of our species once development and technology reach a certain level . 
  many are n't so ... if further integration happens then it will be due to the democratic mandate given by the citizens of the eu . 
  that 's the only sustainable way of achieving a federation . 
   disagrees with eu in general , spam logical fallacies and refuse to listen to any different view points . 
  as opposed to those that oppose the eu ? 
  rabble rabble the 4 ` th reich , literally ussr . 
  yes that sucks , but it 's still not comparable to the wars and genocides committed by saddam . 
  to be clear i think iraq was a mistake and the us should have stayed home , but i do n't think that `` why is the us turning a blind eye when it comes to sa or nk '' is a valid argument for that . 
  also the us should 've stayed in iraq and rebuilt it properly if they invaded in the first place , that would have at least left some positive outcomes . 
  i mean i really do n't know enough about the so called slavery . 
  is it actual slavery or just shitty wages and working conditions ? 
  because the former is n't slavery even if it sucks . 
   his regime was as stable as the monarchy and the wide-spread human rights abuses had been kept out of sight for decades yeah but saddam was in fact a murdering genocidal warmongering dictator , sa is not , their human rights abuses are ` soft ' as in shitty laws , not actual genocides or anything . 
   king of saudi arabia was shaking hands with bush and then obama . 
  when you do n't intervene to defend actual democratic rebellions in iran or the car . 
  when you are complacent about the absolute worst regime in the world in north korea . 
  to be fair none of those things are valid criticism . 
  sa as bad as it is for human rights on a small level regarding treatment of women and other minorities , is one of the more stable countries in the middle east in large part thanks to the king , if he were to be removed , it would n't be democracy which would follow , but another harsh theocracy . 
  at the very least sa is stable enough and not genocidal , even if it has bullshit laws and little rights for women . 
  democratization must come from within and with growing wealth and relative peace over there , hopefully it 's going to happen slowly . 
  as for nk , nobody dares to touch them because they would wreak havoc upon sk . 
  attacking nk would be a big mistake as seoul is very close to the border , has a very dense population and has thousands of artillery pieces aimed at it . 
  you 're not taking into account the fact that we 're talking about russia , where there 's a serious chance you could be arrested or face abuse from the authorities if you protest . 
  i hate this argument that only `` x ' people protested so that means the protests are meaningless because they 're only 0 . x of the population . 
  it 's the same dumb argument the romanian government used when we had our protests earlier this year , claiming they 're only a small percent of the population and smaller than the number that voted for them . 
  that 's dumb for a lot of reasons , because you 'll never see more than a few percent of the population protest , even if we 're talking about an actual revolution , the point is that for every tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands that go out in the streets , there 's a lot of people at home supporting them , even if they 're not on the streets themselves . 
  imo , this holds even more true in oppressive regimes where protesting is perceived as dangerous . 
  because people like them are n't real patriots , they just like to suck the dicks of strongmen like putin and are blind to anything bad about them as long as they are fed their daily portion of ~ ~ shit ~ ~ national pride , usually in the form of military might and oppressing ethnic and sexual minorities . 
  because telling by the posts he made , the guy just really does n't like anything negative shown about god emperor putin . 
  we never really had terror attacks and violent crime is pretty low . 
  the police almost never shoot people unless they shoot first . 
  not every ruling member of any government can be held accountable . 
  this myth needs to die . 
  the power of the eu comes from representatives of each state , which are elected , and eu mep 's , which are also elected . 
  the commissioners and so on are elected by these representatives , same as it works in every government . 
  really ? 
  your brain is n't really helping you now is it . 
  if you would know anything about the relationship between the uk and the eu you would n't say this . 
  the eu has compromised a lot with the uk , more than with any nation , while the uk has been nothing but hostile towards the eu 's goals of further integration . 
  so unless you mean that the eu did n't want to compromise as in , they did n't just do what the uk wanted them to do , then i suppose you 're right . 
  otherwise you would realize that plenty of compromises have been made , it 's just that what the uk wants and what the eu wants are very different things . 
  in the end it 's for the best that you part ways with us . 
  that 's not really true . 
  what we have today is the work of politicians that were elected by the people for decades before . 
  it 's not like we suddenly just found ourselves in this point .
