  the argument was never that we should just let everybody in , the argument is that we should n't turn people away that claim they are refugees , we should determine which of them are or are n't and act accordingly . 
  yeah , blame it all on immigrants that are also coincidentally the poorest members of society . 
  it ca n't be their crazy labor laws that make employers think thrice about hiring someone for example , right ? 
  nope . 
  it 's surely the immigrants . 
  because unemployed is different from inactive . 
  romania has a high inactive population , but low unemployment . 
  being unemployed means actually trying to get a job , that 's what they count , if you do n't even try to get a job , then you 're inactive . 
  most people in rural areas especially are in the inactive category . 
  let 's all get along children . 
  just because it failed once it does n't mean the russian people should never try again . 
  nope , what you 're doing is trying authoritarianism over and over again , in different forms . 
  russia should try some actual democracy . 
  i would n't say billions is peanuts , but i could see how it 's hard to compete against thousands of people . 
  the problem is that i doubt putin wants to change the current system , or if he does it 's only so he gets more power for himself . 
  i do n't see him doing anything improving russia 's justice system , because that could bite him in the ass . 
  except for the part where putin himself steals billions of russian $ $ . 
  convergence should happen in a few decades . 
  it 's kind of hard to catch up though in 10 years or whatever people expect , the difference between western europe and central/eastern europe was absolutely massive after the fall of communism . 
  it 's way smaller now . 
  maybe it has something to do with trying to achieve that through military conquest . 
  countries tend to resist other nations invading them and killing their people . 
  the comparison is incredibly dumb , i do n't know how anyone with 2 brain cells can defend it , explain it sure , but defend it ? 
  i love how people are so quick to think merkel is evil because she dared say europe will help the refugees , but assume putin is doing what 's good for his citizens despite russians being hit hard by his actions and becoming even poorer than they were . 
  life in most of russia is not good at all and it 's only getting worse . 
  what putin wants is power and billions of dollars , if he wanted what 's good for his people , he 'd do the complete opposite of what he 's been doing . 
  racism and xenophobia have been a big part of romanian culture since forever , but things are changing , there 's many in the younger generations that are starting to think more for themselves instead of just picking up the hate from others . 
  dude , shut up . 
  it 's not like i 'm taking erdogan 's side , i get you 're against him but jesus christ , what russia did , they did intentionally , that much i 'm sure of . 
  if you think it was an accident you 're just buying their shitty excuses to keep violating the air space of other nations . 
  we 've picked up a lot of speed lately though . 
  we 'll see how long it lasts . 
   i am sure there exist nice romas but honestly as a person living in france i have yet to meet at least one . 
  i believe you , but keep in mind that many `` normal '' romas are ashamed of their ethnicity and do n't acknowledge it . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  knowing how hated they are , it 's understandable that many do n't ever mention it or admit it , this also perpetuates the biases unfortunately , because only the bad ones are obvious like i 've said . 
  that 's all wild speculation and way beyond the scope of a referendum . 
  you can bet your ass though that a lot of people are mad when things do n't progress because of conservative views , so it 's wrong to assume that the `` no '' side is usually angrier or something . 
  half of branded products in romania are counterfeit ? 
  absolutely unbelievable . 
  that 's as you would say `` bollocks '' . 
  one in three romanians arrested ? 
  wow . 
  i actually looked up that article . 
  it says 27k romanians were arrested ( most were probably roma arrested for begging ) in 5 years time . 
  saying a third of romanians got arrested is simply one big fat lie , because you 're dividing the number of romanians living in the uk at one point in time with the total number of romanians arrested over 5 years . 
  if 90k romanians live in the uk , i guarantee that in the span of 5 years much more than 90k have transited the uk , not even mentioning all the repeat offenders ( see beggars ) . 
  in contrast , about 1 million people per year get arrested throughout england and wales , which is 5 million in 5 years , going by numbers like that you would think england is some crime paradise . 
  it 's nice to use statistics in a manipulative way though is n't it . 
  the last one is a daily mail article . 
  i wo n't even bother looking it up . 
   this is why these problem ca n't be solved becouse there is a delusion and the racists label is used to silence people . 
  you do realize that racism is probably the cause of said culture in the first place right ? 
  do you think culture arises in a vacuum ? 
  do you think slavery , discrimination , racism , exclusion and poverty have no bearing on crime rates ? 
  you say you want to talk about these problems , but i suspect you 're not willing to do it an honest way , you just want to jump to the conclusion that these people are bad . 
  how many people do even follow current events ? 
  non-domestic ones especially ? 
  probably much less than half . 
  mentalities change slowly regardless . 
  maybe you 'll say it 's completely different , but the way we have treated the jews , or gypsies , or the way we view the refugees today are very indicative of what i 'm saying . 
  you 're not the only one getting discriminated against , lots of people are . 
  i 'm half hungarian and i 've had a lot of dumb remarks directed at me from our fellow romanians , so you may only think we 're less hateful because you 're not on the receiving end of romanian prejudices . 
  how can something be overall more satisfactory for people when the majority of people have decided different ? 
  that makes no logical sense . 
  if 51 % want to be in the eu , then claiming that not joining is more satisfactory overall is basically telling the 51 % that what they want is less important than what the other side wants . 
  also , 52.3 % vs 47.7 % is more than it seems . 
  when presidential elections are won by that amount it 's considered a pretty solid win for example . 
  55 % is considered a landslide . 
  in any case , getting a vast majority of people to agree to change something is nigh impossible , things would never progress . 
  basically the `` no change '' side does already have an advantage , as its the other side that has to bring all the arguments , the `` no change '' side can just appeal to tradition . 
  nobody would argue that if 51 % vote for a brexit it should n't be valid because 49 % want things to stay the same , would you ? 
  anyone remember all the articles in the media about us until not too long ago ? 
  it was exactly the same shit you see about muslims today , we were all painted as a bunch of rapist criminals that do not assimilate into western culture . 
  back then we were the ones destroying the eu . 
  fun times . 
  ca n't even win at being the most hated . 
  thanks muslims . 
  the ignorance of people is truly astounding . 
  it 's predictable . 
  hungary has managed to form a way better reputation that we have . 
  although the trends might be changing . 
  people all over the world are stupid . 
  do you think romanians are any better ? 
  we 're not . 
  we have our own biases and prejudices and we have acted on them countless times as a nation . 
  most people are a bunch of ignorant cunts that live in their own little manufactured bubble of reality . 
  critical thinking is a rare commodity . 
  people are a bunch of tribal shitheads that generalize and refuse to get informed on matters . 
  stereotyping and pattern seeking is so strong in humans that we end up having a shitload of biases and phobias based on a couple of random experiences . 
  what we as a species need to do is move from this tribal and primitive way of thinking to valuing things like critical thinking and rationality . 
  that 's the only thing that can save us all in the end . 
  again , it 's also a problem of bias . 
  you do n't even notice the good ones or you assume they 're not gypsies . 
  it 's not always evident , many europeans have skin tones similar to gypsies and there 's a pretty big variation between the gypsies themselves as well . 
  there 's a lot of problems with the gypsy community , but unfortunately most people simply choose racism instead of any kind of sane or rational discourse about what we could do or why their culture is the way it is . 
  if you suggest that the problem might also come from centuries of exclusion , slavery , racism etc. 
  against them , you 're immediately attacked as some gypsy loving traitor . 
  it 's sad really . 
  sad for the ones that are n't a part of the stereotype , sad for us , sad for you , sad for everyone .
