  it simply means that since we are already multicultural , we should try to deal with it the best way we can by trying to coexist peacefully . 
  if you think that 's a bad thing , well , that 's probably because you do n't want to coexist peacefully . 
  edit : also , the refugee crisis has nothing to do with `` multiculturalism '' , neither do the refugee quotas . 
  because i also see this peddled around in every thread . 
  it 's a response to a big humanitarian crisis , you can criticize it all you want , but it has nothing to do with multiculturalism , nobody is trying to turn poland multicultural . 
  yes , you ca n't just trample on the rights of millions because of a few terrorist attacks , and yes , that would be fucking racist . 
  why is this even a debate ? 
  and i also see the expression `` deal with the problem '' in every thread about terrorism or muslims , i always wonder what the fuck you people mean by it . 
  it 's like a deja-vu of 1933 . 
  based on your expert knowledge i 'm sure . 
  that has n't magically changed in the last few years . 
  what changed was the geopolitical situation in the middle east . 
  it 's much more highly correlated with that then any increase in population . 
  nah man , it shows the irony perfectly . 
  all the far right xenophobes in eastern europe have aligned themselves with the xenophobes in the west , completely forgetting how they were the target of their hate just a few years ago . 
  it 's pathetic . 
   with a unified armed forces to exert its will around the world . 
  your straw man does n't exist . 
  people that want a federal eu definitely do n't want it for that reason . 
  maybe you 're just projecting your own values and ideals unto other people . 
   in 2014 a russian bank loaned 9 millions $ to them , but the the bank is now bankrupt , so they have to find a new one . 
  maybe they are bankrupt because they give out big loans to people that ca n't pay it back . 
  so that 's only for parliamentary elections ? 
  sure thing mate , much nationalism , such pride . 
  see you in 10 years when putin has successfully managed to run your economy into the ground because of his foolish decisions . 
   are you even countries anymore ? 
  you are more like regions of a single state . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  it 's called the european union and its goal is to build a united and democratic europe , but you keep clinging on to the bullshit sold to you as national pride so putin can more easily manipulate your dumb asses . 
  i 'm really not sorry for people like you with absolutely no wish to think for their own beyond the blind patriotism that is packaged and dumped unto you . 
   obviously you are oblivious to problems like the highest percentage of short-term contracts in eu , stagnant wages , poor social services oh please . 
  poland has come a long way from the 90 's . 
  i never said it was perfect . 
  or maybe you think mass unemployment , wages 5 times as small and even worse social services is somehow `` the same '' . 
   once mainstream parties stop middle class from getting poorer trend might change but that does n't look probable now . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  poland is a success story , their middle class was growing year after year before pis took power . 
  pis did n't win because `` muh middle class is shrinking '' , they won because they played on people 's fears and used shameless populism to achieve it . 
  russian gdp per capita ( ppp adjusted ) is dropping , it 's already surpassed by countries such as hungary , poland , czechia or slovenia , and soon it will be surpassed by romania . 
  not only that , but gdp per capita in russia is pretty deceiving when you consider that much of their gdp comes from their oil and gas wealth which is actually in the hands of just a few dozen people . 
  well to be fair we already have a few f-16 's . 
   real wages have been stagnant since the 80s . 
  yes and no . 
  again , not the full picture . 
  wages have actually gone up quite a bit , it 's just that they got hit pretty hard by the 2008 depression . 
  now they 're going up again and past those levels . 
   you do n't see how importing mass amounts of people that do n't want to live by your rules and laws could be detrimental to society ? 
  we are n't doing that . 
  like i said , stop conflating the refugee crisis with normal immigration . 
   they just should n't be able to force it on others . 
  well , they are n't able to do that , so that 's good . 
  nobody can force sharia in any european country . 
   sovereign nations have the right to accept or reject anyone looking to immigrate to their country for any reason . 
  or none at all . 
  you 're right . 
  but , then , you have to make the distinction between what was the refugee crisis and normal immigration . 
  also , you have to make the distinction between people living in western countries ever since they were colonial powers and decided to grant those people citizenships and people wanting to immigrate today . 
  basically there 's a lot of distinctions to be made and putting every muslim in the same basket is asinine . 
  well , the poverty line has moved upwards as well , not downwards . 
  there are much less poor people in the us today than there were 40 years ago . 
  i get your point , but on average americans are richer than they were , not poorer . 
  while income inequality is indeed a problem , we all know how to solve it , you just need progressive tax brackets and increase those taxes in the upper levels , but your people voted for someone that wants to further cut the taxes on the rich so ... what can ya ' do . 
  and yeah i know most people did n't vote for him . 
  it 's also highly irrelevant , since there 's freedom of religion in europe , which is also a big part of our values . 
  people can only be judged by the state based on their actions , not their beliefs . 
  i find it ironic when people criticize muslims and their incompatibility with `` european values '' , while they themselves want to diminish and/or change what those values are . 
  i wonder what is to you an acceptable percentage of people from a certain population believing stupid things , because i assure you that not only muslims are guilty of it . 
  shitty yes , evil ? 
  i edited my post quite a bit , if you 're up for further discussion . 
  ok , some people do , but you 'll find people hating any popular politician . 
  it 's not a majority view though that is for sure , not even close to it . 
  there 's big differences between the right and what people consider the far right . 
  i do n't agree with your viewpoint , i do n't think they 're evil and i definitely do n't think that 's the reason , or the only reason , why the middle class has suffered a decline . 
  i think it has much more to do with women entering the workforce and the globalization of manufacturing , which are both inevitable really . 
  even if you 're right , there 's a huge distinction between what they did and what most people would consider evil , such as what the far right has done . 
  also , just fyi , the middle-class has `` shrunk '' in america partly because the upper class has gotten much bigger . 
  the distribution has moved upwards , not downwards . 
  they tend to leave that out from sensationalist articles that promote the view you share . 
  no , just a fascist . 
  if every single muslim wants to enforce sharia in europe ? 
  that 's a serious discussion now ? 
  you 're just being tendentious . 
  i wonder why you 're so full of shit . 
  sure , just like history has proven people like you bring nothing but destruction and hate . 
  do you wan na quiz them or how are you even going to make the difference ? 
  oh , let me guess , everyone born a muslim is unfit . 
  not right wing , extreme right . 
  there 's a difference . 
  nobody considers people like thatcher , raegan , or modern day right wing politicians like cameron evil . 
  the problem is that if you 're a far right supporter , you 're already convinced that the far right is the only right , while everyone else is the left . 
  then you can play the victim card about people hating the right . 
  you say the eu , i say the ridiculous tabloids that have an agenda to push . 
  when they only present the negative things about the eu , going as far as manipulating the facts and leaving out truths , it 's pretty easy to `` fuel hatred '' . 
  if people would be more informed , which eu unfortunately fails to do properly , then they would realize how ridiculous the agenda pushing actually is , blaming the eu for stuff it does n't have control over , not giving credit where it 's due , making up fake stories about banana regulations and shit like that . 
  changing the provisions people were n't fine with and having another vote is n't undemocratic or wrong . 
  it 's called making a compromise . 
  if people voted for it the 2 ` nd or even 3 ` rd or 4 ` th time , after provisions where changed , what exactly is the problem ? 
  or do you think that if people rejected something once , then it should never be put to a vote ever again , despite the willingness to change the things people did n't agree with ? 
  that 's retarded . 
   they projected 23,875 for 2016 , and you gave me 23.850 .
