  let 's not pretend that a big reason of why the eurozone and schengen area are n't working as well as they should is because they need more integration like common borders of the eu and a fiscal policy to match our monetary one . 
  the problem is that while the uk was not fine with those things they did n't really want to take steps in the direction to solve those problems either . 
  they joined a union that has always had a stated purpose of further integration and then abused the `` mah sovreignty card '' every chance they got . 
  you mean people making jokes and thinking the brexit will end badly ? 
  yeah . 
  so much vitriol . 
  how about all the vitriol the leave side has spewed towards the eu ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're fine with all the lies and manipulation the leave campaign employed in order to get this referendum passed , because otherwise i do n't get how you can still make the eu out to be the bad guy here . 
  that 's our hopes too . 
  hopefully our leaders are n't idiotic as to not take the opportunity to do this now . 
  support for the eu is quite strong at the moment with statistics putting it at somewhere around 70 % eu-wide . 
  it really is the time to act . 
  you 're right , but it is what has tipped the scale from a slight majority wanting to stay in the uk to only 40 % . 
  it 's not about what happened until just now , it 's also about what 's coming and how people are interpreting everything that was said and what happened after the brexit . 
  it 's clear now that the leave side has absolutely no plan , the uk has no plan really . 
  so when people say it 's a disaster , it 's based on both what happened until now and how they expect things to unfold ( which is badly ) . 
  both in the terms of what the uk is going to gain and what it 's expected that it will lose . 
  plus all the resignations and instability , followed by a divided country and a scotland that wants to block the uk from leaving or possibly leave the uk themselves , it 's really not looking good at all . 
  because that 's what a compromise is . 
   an agreement or settlement of a dispute that is reached by ** each side making concessions . 
  **  the expedient acceptance of standards that are lower than is desirable what are we even discussing here ? 
  the eu made concessions and the uk was expected to make their own . 
  nobody has the gift of foresight to know that the uk will not hold up their end of the bargain and leave despite all of the concessions made by the eu . 
  the problem here is that the uk would have settled for nothing less than the eu giving up one of its core principles which is free movement of labour , after initially accepting it . 
  that 's the point in which the eu was unable and unwilling to compromise any further . 
  it 's not that hard to get . 
  you ca n't keep compromising forever with someone that is willing to go back on their deal and blackmail you into making more concessions on your part alone . 
  that 's why what they did was shitty . 
   but i have to repeat myself : who are the angels that will provide this oversight ? 
  who will watch the watchers ? 
  a cliche question ? 
  maybe . 
  but a fair one to ask . 
  if you have a monopoly organization charged with maintaining this oversight , they have all the incentive in the world to play their cards in such a way to benefit themselves . 
  but in a democracy nobody really has that monopoly . 
  the judicial system itself is made with a system of appeals in mind , and the judges can be censored by higher courts . 
  sure you could say that what if everyone from the politician to the cop and to the prosecutor , the first judge , the first court of appeals and the supreme court are all corrupt . 
  what then huh ? 
  but that 's just absurd an an absolute worst case scenario . 
  no system is perfect . 
  but having no oversight is way way worse as abuses are way easier to commit . 
   what counts is not who votes , but who counts the votes . 
  sorry but that 's a pretty nihilist argument . 
  unless you can prove to me that there 's widespread election fraud going on in much of the western world , i do n't buy it . 
  gerrymendering is also not something every country does . 
  in fact , besides the usa i do n't really know of others . 
   if you draw up a contract among themselves , sure . 
  but simply living in proximity to each other does n't count as a `` contract '' , whether it 's for 3 or 3 million people . 
  yes , that is why we are part of the social contract called `` society '' , in whatever form that takes , nation state , federation , canton or whatever . 
   if men have the power to make laws , they will be made in their favor . 
  again , incentives . 
  if you are the judge of your right or wrong doing , you will always find yourself innocent . 
  that 's why lawmakers are n't the ones judging the validity of their own laws . 
  again , no system is perfect because humans themselves are very imperfect , but the way democracy is thought out is pretty neat because it does n't really offer anyone `` supreme power '' or `` supreme oversight '' , it works on a basis of checks and balances , mutual oversight , democratic control and ( hopefully ) a rule of law that is upheld by constitutional courts and the vigilance of politicians and the people themselves . 
  the reason why it 's a superior system to the others is because while it 's far from perfect and still prone to corruption , it 's usually limited to the white collar type of corruption that you find everywhere instead of huge systemic failures that lead to mass starvation or great abuses of power . 
  it 's called a compromise . 
  it was done for the sake of cooperation and convincing the uk to be on the eu 's side . 
  that however does n't work when the other party constantly blackmails you and threatens to leave the room whenever things do n't go their way . 
  it 's much more complex than that , power is within the state but the state is made out of elected representatives , thus the power is also in the hands of the people by implication . 
  the state is also not a unitary thing in a democracy , as you know it has a legislative , an executive and a judiciary , these branches control and oversee each other . 
  you claim that only invites more corruption , but that 's ridiculous , without any kind of oversight and control corruption would be much simpler to do and without any of the risks . 
  you 're right that incentives matter , but that 's exactly why oversight and a strong judiciary in particular matter a lot , because they give strong negative incentives to corruption . 
   well , that would n't be `` corruption '' , even if you do n't agree with their arrangement . 
  `` corruption '' would be 2 guys stealing the 3rd 's food . 
  under the premise that the 3 of them have entered a social contract to share the food they find with each other , in a broader sense it 's both theft and corruption . 
   accountability by whom ? 
  in a democracy , accountability in front of the law and the electorate is what matters the most . 
  rule of law in particular is extremely important and it works better in some countries than others . 
  corruption can occur even if there are only 3 people left on earth , because one might make an understanding with the other to share their food while shorting out the 3 ` rd guy . 
  if our societies would be less centralized corruption would be `` less widespread '' only in the sense that it would be on a smaller scale , for obvious reasons . 
  wherever there 's humans and a lack of strong oversight and accountability , there 's also corruption . 
  i think it 's strange that you struck out the words referring to `` democratic institutions '' as the very essence of them is for power to be distributed and a complex system of checks and balances , oversight of one authority over the other , and ultimately democratic control of the people . 
  it 's the best we have , even if flawed . 
  based on the opinions of leave campaigners and based on the actions of some leave voters . 
  yeah . 
  the sentiment is clear enough for whomever does n't want to stick their head in the sand . 
  i get that all the people that voted based purely on sovereignty issues do n't want to associate themselves with bigots and idiots , but pretending that it was n't a big component of the leave vote is just ignorant of reality . 
  when asking for sources is considered trolling . 
  only in the world of the clinically insane . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/15/the-fourth-reich-is-here---without-a-shot-being-fired/ http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ukips-nigel-farage-tells-lbc-radio-i-dont-want-romanians-my-neighbours-audio-1448900 https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/27/sadiq-khan-muslim-council-britain-warning-of-post-brexit-racism sure mate , let 's pretend the leave side did n't insult at least half of the continent . 
  bonus : http://www.firstpost.com/world/none-of-you-have-ever-done-a-proper-job-in-your-lives-nigel-farage-to-european-parliament-2861482.html that 's pretty much the attitude of a lot of leave voters summed up in a couple of points . 
  source to all this glorious evidence ? 
  i was mostly talking about europe . 
  not really . 
  if you really want to pinpoint corruption to something , you might as well pinpoint it to human nature , since that is the real cause . 
  humans always want more and like taking shortcuts . 
  institutions are there to prevent such abuses , they still happen of course , but the weaker the institutions of a country and the less democratic they are , the more of the nasty side of corruption you will see . 
  for example in france corruption might mean some bank giving a bribe to politicians in order to not regulate them or a company obtaining a preferential state contract , in romania it means all that and it also means possibly tens of thousands of people that have died and will die because hospitals have been buying what is basically water instead of disinfectant ( which was diluted even 5000 times ) from this company called hexipharma . 
  that 's the difference . 
  dude , as far as anyone knows ? 
  there 's absolutely no evidence pointing to that and yet here you are saying it 's migrants . 
  this is more akin to a witch hunt than a trial , guilty until proven innocent . 
  groping and sexual assault is n't this new phenomenon that only migrants are capable of , they 're widespread phenomenons that happens in literally every country on earth . 
  instead of talking about rape being the huge issue that it is , here you are trying to make a political point out of it by assuming only migrants would be capable of this . 
  this is truly some retarded thinking . 
  our precious little white boys would never be capable of groping a girl against her will or sexually assaulting her right ? 
  men have been doing this for as long as men have existed . 
  because since when has anyone truly concerned themselves about rape except feminists and some ngo 's ? 
  rape is and always has been a very big problem , even now rapes are severely under-reported in most of the world , including the west , and despite our efforts it 's still a very common occurrence . 
  you 're right that our leaders should give more of a shit , it 's just that i fear you 're only saying this because you 're presuming it was migrants , which would make you a total douchebag that wants to make a political point , instead of actually being concerned with sexual aggression as a general phenomenon .
