  that 's on average and it 's because there 's a huge variation in rent prices over bucharest . 
  poor areas in the periphery are cheap as fuck , cheaper than cluj , but the downtown areas are much more expensive . 
  rent prices in cluj are much more evenly distributed because we do n't really have ghettos . 
  oh please , if junker would 've intervened in any way everyone would 've been up in arms about it . 
  virtually none = a very small percentage . 
  the majority of them did in fact have `` real '' jobs and still do . 
  the whole argument is populist and retarded in the first place anyway , since being a member of the parliament can in fact be a very real job . 
  unless of course you 're farage and you 're number 746 ` th out of 750 at attendance . 
  calling bullshit right now . 
  he 's wrong because virtually none implies a small number or a small percentage of people , while people that have researched this accusation have found that most in fact did have `` real jobs '' or still do . 
  thus , virtually none of you is incorrect and clearly deceiving if the majority did in fact have real jobs , you ca n't claim that it can be interpreted to mean a minority of you did n't have jobs . 
  not in good conscience anyway . 
  and how do you think parties get to be in the government ? 
  by having no plan ? 
  if he campaigned to leave he should have a plan whether he 's in the government or not . 
  the idea is to be ready if that happens to take charge , since he 's the one that campaigned so hard for this . 
  the fact that he has no plan only goes to show that he did n't plan for this to happen . 
  i do n't know how anyone can still defend this guy , he led the charge to leave the eu based on lies and empty promises , he has absolutely no plan about what should happen next because `` i 'm not in the government '' and you are fine with it . 
  he 's the leader of the party with the stated purpose of winning this referendum and in 17 years he made absolutely no plans about what would happen next should he succeed ? 
  why not ? 
  losing by a slight margin would 've been the ideal result for him , it would 've given him an even bigger voice and recognition with a lot of leverage , while not having to do anything concrete . 
  now that he 's won people are actually expecting for him to have a plan after 17 years of what happens next and it turns out he does n't , because he never planned for this . 
  it 's obvious really . 
  the guy already said the debate would continue had the remain side won by 52 % , it 's obvious that was what he was hoping for , it would 've given him tons of ammo going forward . 
  while that makes more sense , i think your analysis is very much incomplete . 
  people did n't really have a voice until now because resentment towards immigrants were never quite as high and economic conditions were better . 
  saying that it 's merely about new-found knowledge on the nature of the eu is extremely incomplete , you ca n't honestly pretend that all of those 52 % voted leave simply because politicians were n't honest about the eu or that they would 've voted the same in 1993 , because that is obviously not true . 
  anti-eu sentiments have surged recently and i think any analyst would agree that the global economic crisis of 2008 and it 's aftermath combined with the refugee crisis of last year were very big contributors . 
  the anti-immigration sentiment is largely fueled by the hard hit the working class took following 2008 in particular , it 's just that people are directing blame on immigration instead of acknowledging some hard truths on the matter . 
  fact is that now the eu has to compete with emerging world powers such as china , south-east asia , brics , africa and so on , the only reason why we still have a working class is because of the eu , if member states had to compete directly with those nations outside of the eu the situation would be way worse . 
  instead of competing with eu immigrants and eu citizens , the brits would get to compete with the chinese , vietnamese and so on even more than they do now , it would be a race to the bottom so to speak . 
  what i 'm getting it is that the vote leave was heavily influenced by current contexts , the problem is that once again we 've ended up scapegoating minorities instead of trying to deal with our problems constructively . 
  nothing what ? 
  people are n't getting threats ? 
  the mp did n't get shot ? 
  what exactly are the delusions ? 
  i 'm saying britain is in no position to do that for years to come and when they do it 'll be the suicide of the working class gb still has . 
  people telling you why you 're wrong does n't mean they 're campaigning for something . 
  like i said there 's a reason why the eu has n't signed fta 's with many of those countries , it 's because they simply are n't playing fair by our standards . 
  if britain decides to do it then the ones drawing the short end of the stick will be precisely the demographics that voted to leave in order to save their jobs . 
  because instead of competing with other eu citizens they will compete with the emerging powers . 
  what that means simply put is that the working class is going to have a much harder time than they do now . 
  what i do n't understand is how after your nation and your people have made a commitment to the eu , you can decide with only a 52 % majority to back out of that commitment . 
  it just seems to me like being in the eu and taking that commitment means more than just being in or out depending on what some very slight majority of the populace wants . 
  it just seems ridiculous that after agreeing to all of this and benefiting from it for decades , a 2 % majority can decide to pull the country out of the union , and even worse than that , they did it based on untrue facts about the eu and empty promises . 
  people change their minds way too easily to decide whether to stay or join the eu based on whatever side has a 51 % majority , especially when going through these times of emotions running high and populists taking advantage of it . 
  that 's simply not true , bottom line is that immigrants bring more into the economy than what they cost . 
  the only logical conclusion you can draw from this is that the country and the budget is n't being managed properly . 
  some people choose to scapegoat minorities for these problems , others would prefer addressing the real problem , which is the corruption , inefficiency and incompetence of your own administration and leaders . 
  i do n't know about that , both norway and switzerland have way more than 25 % . 
  so basically you 're giving up all the advantages of being in the eu just so you can drop what is mostly consumer protection laws . 
  great . 
  immigration does n't change , funding the eu does n't change , nothing really changes . 
  there 's a reason why the eu does n't have ftas with certain countries . 
  it 's because many of them are not playing fair and by signing ftas with them you 'd be taking a shovel and burying yourselves in a race to the bottom when it comes to wages , workers rights , environmental regulations and so on . 
  the uk is a primarily importing nation , not an exporting one . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/balance-of-trade you can see the trade balance here , and consider the fact that your trade balance with the eu is much better than with the rest of the world . 
  if you ca n't compete within the eu single market , you can not compete with china , south east asia , brics , or africa . 
  in fact , you 'd do much much worse . 
  this is n't an opinion , it 's simply economic fact . 
  you 're saying the uk should take steps towards destroying any kind of future for the working class even more so than now . 
  you 're welcome , but at least edit your original post with the link so people see it :d, 
  ohhhh . 
  nice one . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  wow , if you would actually do a moment of self-reflection you 'd see that you are the most hateful in all of this topic . 
  you 're also defending racists and yet again throwing the blame on others . 
  you 're disgusting . 
   yes , some of these views might be racist/bigoted/other , but there are legitimate concerns around immigration that have been lumped into the same classification . 
  they 've rejected their leaders , experts , and globalisation because , quite frankly , what has it done for them ? 
  the long and ongoing decline of traditional working class areas , all the while being told they should n't complain because of how lucky the have that 's because most of the legitimate concerns that people keep bringing up for the hundredth time are n't in fact legitimate , it 's just scapegoating minorities for problems that they are n't responsible for . 
  furthermore , the working class is suffering because of the emergence of new world powers and a much stiffer competition than we used to have . 
  china has many comparative advantages to the eu because of very low wages , less workers rights and regulations etc. 
  the biggest struggle the eu is facing right now is trying to find a balance between conserving our hard earned rights and comforts while also staying competitive with the rest of the world . 
  needless to say this is n't easy and the uk going at it alone is absolute suicide , they are way too small and irrelevant on a global scale and will be even smaller in the next decade . 
  that 's why the eu is a blessing for all of us , it actually gives us power to compete on the global stage and it also gives us the possibility of having a huge market where most of the trade and production can happen internally . 
  85 % of the eu 's total trade is contained in itself which gives us some amount of breathing space when it comes to the race to the bottom called globalisation in the sense of competing with the emerging world . 
  so talking about rape cases because they were committed by a certain minority should be talked about all fucking day ? 
  please . 
  people do n't talk about it because people do n't really talk about rape on tv in the first place . 
  there 's millions of rapes happening across the eu and most are n't committed by muslims , yet nobody is talking about that either . 
  actually they are very much against middle easters as well and violence have intensified against them too . 
  it 's just that poles make for much better victims than muslims , they are n't as universally hated as muslims so it 's not okay . 
  why the fuck does this point even come up though ? 
  would it somehow make it more ok if people were even more violent against muslims ? 
  tweets vs real violence . 
  those evil fucking leftists . 
  sticks and stones may break my bones , but tweets will forever scar me . 
  yeah , farage is good at doublespeak . 
  who would 've thought . 
  this is the same kind of shit putin does when condemning violence in eastern ukraine . 
  you keep up appearances to absolve yourself from guilt while your actions are the opposite . 
   he 's assuming that racist people are dumber than the average person . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's true . 
  http://pss.sagepub.com/content/early/2012/01/04/0956797611421206.abstract look , there 's even studies . 
   most `` racist '' attacks are supposedly being done by whites against whites which obviously does n't make it racist . 
  that 's because racist is often used interchangeably with xenophobic . 
  it 's the same shit . 
   his comment lacks substance so his reason ( s ) for making it can be interpreted in many ways . 
  it can only be interpreted in one way , and that interpretation is that racists do n't really have well thought out reasons for their hate , they just hate people because they are different in some way they can identify as `` bad '' , he 's polish so he 's bad , he 's muslims so he 's bad , he 's indian so he 's bad .
