  practicing muslims are only 6 % of the population . 
  is that half ? 
  is 6 % also half in your eyes ? 
  right wing is very different from pis , they are way closer to the far right than conservatives in the uk for example . 
   in brussels , about half the children in state schools opt for classes in islam , although this figure excludes the large share of youngsters who attend private , mostly catholic schools . 
  are you blind to the second half of the sentence ? 
  typical far righter . 
  only sees what he wants to see to confirm his shit theories . 
  so if a `` large share '' attend catholic private schools and they are n't counted , does that mean to you that half of all the school children in brussels are muslim ? 
  is that the argument you 're going for ? 
  no wonder the far right seems like a good idea to you . 
  with critical thinking skills like these , it truly is no surprise that you eat that shit up . 
  man , i 'm still waiting for you to acknowledge how much of a liar you are . 
  come on , do it . 
  too bad repeating that over and over does n't change the fact that a. far right parties have risen a lot in popularity b. it correlates with google trends as a result . 
  of course , if you deny the very existence of the far right in europe today , you might believe your bullshit post . 
  that 's a pretty good way of classifying it . 
  not sure what you were expecting . 
  people have kind of went off on the extreme ends on the spectrum , but the far right seems to be winning . 
  are you fucking nuts ? 
  if the far right has become popular in recent years it 's obvious the trends on google are going to increase compared to the far left . 
  if you ca n't even see common sense there 's no hope for you . 
  i do n't know , i think the mods have calmed down a bit now , they probably figured out that banning is n't the way to go . 
  this topic is kind of proof of that . 
  come on . 
  do not fear the ban . 
  a break from this subreddit might do you some good anyway . 
  what facts dude ? 
  you claimed the russian economy is growing despite the fact that they 've been in a recession for like a year and a half now . 
  it was a prediction . 
  was n't a bad one either . 
  topics like these do get downvoted a lot . 
  when you do n't agree with something , burn it down . 
  the motto of the far right . 
  because what 's more logical than committing crimes and acting like barbarians while simultaneously accusing others of being barbaric . 
  islamist logic does n't stop at islam , as we can all see , or could see , if they would n't be busy downvoting this topic . 
  it currently says it has 8 points out of 50 votes , a 58 % upvote ratio . 
  there 's clearly a lot of people downvoting this topic . 
  why ? 
  some do n't want others to see that many on the far right are a bunch of criminals , they 're just different sides of the same coin as islamists , people blinded by hate and ideology to the point of violence . 
  some people might say that 's no excuse to start burning shit down . 
  the far right and the far left are actual terms , not `` statistical concepts '' , if europe has seen a rise in the popularity of far right parties , of course it 's going to correlate with trends on google . 
  it 's really not that hard to understand . 
  the far left is almost non-existent in europe today , of course it 's going to get less searched than the far right which has been rising and rising in popularity . 
  romania will never align itself with russia . 
  at least not in this century . 
  there 's way too much distrust and many people rightfully blame russia for the instability in the region . 
  basically , we 're doing this exercises * because * of russia . 
   in brussels , about half the children in state schools opt for classes in islam , ** although this figure excludes the large share of youngsters who attend private , mostly catholic schools . 
  ** are you blind to the second half of the sentence ? 
  typical far righter . 
  only sees what he wants to see to confirm his shit theories . 
  so if a ** `` large share '' ** attend catholic private schools and they are n't counted , does that mean to you that half of all the school children in brussels are muslim ? 
  is that the argument you 're going for ? 
  no wonder the far right seems like a good idea to you . 
  with critical thinking skills like these , it truly is no surprise that you eat that shit up . 
   past = / = present . 
  you ca n't say `` it will '' . 
  insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  you have it . 
   far-right because they pretend to be so afraid of the past . 
  yes , the positive aspects of the far right , such as completely destroying democracy , disregarding law , genocide , causing the most destructive war the world has ever seen . 
  truly marvelous achievements . 
  i must be crazy for not looking at all those `` positive aspects '' . 
   how can you be accepting of a minority that is against your culture and history by thinking of it as `` lesser '' , yet be for your nation at the same time ? 
  you clearly are against your nation as you are ignorant , or possibly in denial ( in which case you 're as bad as a neo-nazi ) , about foreign cultures . 
  you 're seriously making my points without any help on my part . 
  you 're clearly fucking insane . 
  i 'm against my nation and i 'm quote `` as bad as a neo-nazi '' because i 'm not against muslims ? 
  you know what i 'm against ? 
  morons on all sides that have nothing better to do than make the world a shittier place , probably because their own lives suck so much and they have failed so badly at being adjusted human beings that they live their lives blaming anyone else but themselves . 
  that 's what i 'm against . 
  far righters are just as bad as islamists , they 're both different sides of the same coin , idiots driven blind by ideology and hate . 
  you 're pretty confident about your chances with romania are n't you ? 
  i 'm not sure at this point whether you 're being willfully ignorant as to what ethnic cleansing means , or you 're just proving my first point . 
  ethnic cleansing is also done through population transfers , as in intentionally and purposely mass transferring ethnic russians in estonia in order to achieve the goal of ethnic cleansing . 
  hmm , i wonder if it has anything to do with the rise of the far right throughout europe in the past few years . 
  nope . 
  it ca n't be that right ? 
  obviously it points to labeling , not actual real world tendencies that correlate with the popularity of those terms . 
  / s it 's really no surprise , any time i debate anything with a far righter , it takes about 2 minutes for them to show a complete lack of any kind of critical thinking skills . 
  hence the predisposition towards such populist parties . 
  do you have any idea about the history of the far right and how it affected the nations in which they have risen to power ? 
  because it really really seems like you do n't . 
  the far right is extremely authoritarian in nature and every time they have gotten into power they have eroded democracy and the rule of law . 
  that 's what 's at stake here , not your shitty theory on `` replacing demographics '' or people opening up their legs to muslims . 
  like what . 
   unfortunately looking back i lost the vienna article and ca n't seem to find it of course you lost the article . 
  it does n't even exist . 
  or at best it came from the colon of the internet . 
  as for your article on belgium :  among all respondents , 20 % called themselves practising catholics and 43 % non-practising catholics ; 6 % were practising muslims and 1 % non-practising muslims i 'm really really starting to worry about your text comprehension . 
  if only 20 % still think of themselves as christian , and 6 % declare themselves as muslim , i really wonder how in your tiny mind does that mean a demographic replacement . 
  are you going to blame muslims now for the fact that more and more people are atheists in the west ? 
   that self-hate . 
  nah , it 's not self-hate , it 's just a lack of hate towards entire minorities . 
  you may be confusing the two , since in the mind of far righters , if you 're not against < insert minority here  , you 're against your nation . 
  such is the nature of the far right though . 
  it divides , it calls people that oppose it unpatriotic , it justifies hate and discrimination using bogus arguments such as `` demographic replacement '' and it uses rhetoric such as the nation being under the threat of destruction to rile up idiots like you . 
  to what end ? 
  for power of course .
