  i 'm not sure how you 've arrived at this conclusion . 
  you 're comparing numbers from different sources . 
  the imf report predicted growth in 2016 for russia , but in reality they 're still in a recession . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  obviously they did n't predict the recession is going to last as long as it is lasting . 
   here is an [ imf projection ] . 
  they are using 2014 data , but indeed by 2020 the numbers looks similar . 
  they are similar but they did n't predict the depth of the russian economic crisis , nor the rate of growth romania is seeing . 
  so it 's off by at least 2 years based on current numbers . 
   it also confirms my original point that russia performed similarly ( and better ) than most former ussr countries . 
  you see what you want to see , but the fact that russia is struggling with recession while most of the other soviet bloc countries are experiencing growth is going to contradict you in a few years time . 
  you 're not considering the context of the past few years and of what 's likely to come . 
  russia grew a lot in the time when oil prices exploded , which , if we 're to talk past pure numbers , is the real source of problems that russia has . 
  it is simply stuck on an economic model from the past century and it is way too reliant on the price of commodities , especially oil . 
  it has n't really managed to diversify its economy or effectively fight corruption , which is what 's really going to bite them in the ass . 
  i gave romania as an example because it started off about 40 % poorer than russia , today , it 's only about 10 % poorer , and in a few years it 's going to surpass russia . 
  romania is really no bastion of efficient governing , not even close , i know the reality of my country , so if we 're going to surpass them , it 's pretty clear russia is doing a terrible job considering the amount of wealth it has and its disposal . 
   where is this number from ? 
  trading-economics . 
   [ this ] looks like a better graph . 
  it is a better graph , which clearly shows that russian gdp per capita has shrunk in 2015 to a value of $ 24.450 , while romania 's is $ 21.400 . 
  in 2016 romania had an economic growth of 5 % , russia is still in a recession . 
  this brings me to my next point :  it would take it 5 years to surpass russia at 5 % growth , should russia have 0 growth during that time . 
  romania grew 5 % in 2016 , which means that gdp per capita ppp adjusted should be $ 22.500 in 2016 , while russia 's economy is contracted at least -0.7 % in 2016 , putting their gdp per capita even lower . 
  so this already brings us in a range less than $ 2000 of each other . 
  considering that economic growth compounds , that means that in 2017 romania 's gdp per capita is going to be in a $ 1000 range of russia based on current projections . 
  in 2018 it has a pretty decent chance of surpassing it if russia does n't manage to get their gdp growing at a decent rate . 
  but even if romania does n't surpass russia by 2018 , i think my point is still made , do n't you agree ? 
  the trend matters a lot here , and the trend is pretty bad for russia , while it 's pretty good for the former soviet bloc states bar a few exceptions like ukraine . 
  dude , i do n't mean to shit on your parade , but your arguments are full of cherry picking . 
  do you want to have an honest debate or do you just want to be right ? 
  you chose a graph that only goes as far as 2006 . 
  the situation has not followed that trend in the past 10 years . 
  while many former soviet bloc countries have started growing fast in the last 4 to 5 years , russia has been hit by yet another recession . 
  furthermore , when i said that romania is close to surpassing russia , i based that on the fact that romania experienced a 5 % gdp growth in 2016 and it is projected to hit 4 % next year . 
  meanwhile russia is struggling to get past 0 . 
  based on this trend , it will take romania only a couple of years to surpass russia . 
  i would say `` pretty close '' is accurate when we 're talking about macroeconomic time frames . 
  also , to add another correction to your numbers , russia 's gdp per capita ppp adjusted has gone down in 2016 , to $ 23.850 . 
  respecting someone and thinking they 're fit for the highest office on earth are two very different things . 
  although you 're right in this case , i do n't respect trump , but it 's not because of his background , it 's because of what i perceive to be clear signs of narcissism and anti-intellectualism , coupled with mass amounts of demagoguery . 
  he claims not to be a `` politician '' ( in the derogatory sense ) but he lies and panders better and more than the best of them . 
  you mean they had a growth rate of over 5 % while the price of oil was exploding ? 
  yeah . 
  wow . 
  much leadership . 
  such efficiency . 
  context matters you know . 
  if you would n't be such a silly goose , you 'd realize that kind of proves my point . 
  their economy is so shit that it is entirely dependent on the price of commodities . 
  putin pretty much did nothing to change that and the reasons are clear . 
  it 's much easier to control a country that is dependent on a single big source of income that you and your cronies can monopolize than it is to control a country with a very diverse economy and many players . 
  and therein lies the problem . 
  russia is stuck in the past century . 
  edit : bonus prediction - when the next big economic crisis comes around , it 's going to find them with their pants down to their knees , i would n't be surprised if russia is going to end up close to bankruptcy and go into a period of hyper-inflation as a result . 
  it 's going to be the 90 's all over again . 
  ... they are not . 
  they 're the most naturally wealthy nation on earth with a big population , and they 're getting surpassed by romania . 
  that is not average . 
  that is bad . 
  they 're doing bad . 
  that 's the word you 're looking for . 
  some might even say terrible . 
  read my post again . 
  i just told you why they 're not `` average '' . 
  it 's also a stupid comparison to make , because countries such as ukraine and belarus have remained firmly under russian influence , so it only speaks more of their failure as a state to reform after the fall of the ussr . 
  so which ones are you talking about ? 
  all the ones that went the way of the west are doing better relatively speaking . 
  furthermore the trend is positive for us while for russia it 's negative . 
  unless you 're comparing russia to ukraine , or belarus ( lol ) , then they 're really not average . 
  if you compare them to countries such as eastern germany , it truly becomes pathetic . 
  you do n't even know if it 's a refugee yet you say shit like this . 
  even if it was a refugee , merkel followed the geneva convention and could n't just shut down the whole continent . 
   i think overall russia 's progress is comparable to that of other ussr successor states . 
  which ones are that ? 
  the former soviet bloc countries that have joined the eu are doing much better than russia at least . 
  romania , the 2 ` nd poorest country in europe ( not eu ) after 1989 , is set to surpass russia on a per capita basis . 
  do n't get discouraged . 
  it is n't a mistake . 
  if there was no internet this guy would keep believing that shit , at least this way he 's exposed to different opinions and people correcting him . 
  ultimately , the internet does expose people to differing views , even if it too is prone to creating bubbles of opinion . 
  nice try but obama held political experience before he became president . 
  not only was he a senator for 3 terms , he was also a constitutional law professor . 
  russia is n't just bombing isis . 
  apparently the guy did this as revenge for aleppo . 
  well yeah and that is the essence of the problem , terrorism on this scale works because it generates fear , fear generates anger , and anger generates disproportional responses that will end up hurting us in the long run . 
  it works because people are n't getting the scale of what 's happening , while these attacks are indeed tragic , we are talking about a few dozen deaths on an entire continent . 
  however , whenever someone points this out they 're called out like they 're a bunch of traitor heartless bastards . 
   the problem with that line of though is that tolerating everything ( in this case terror attacks ) in the hope to avoid war is more likely to cause said war nevertheless . 
  maybe you as a brit should study some more about the chamberlain complex . 
  until you realize this is happening pretty much because of war . 
  the causes are geopolitical and very much rooted in war . 
  i do n't know when people will realize that more war is n't the answer , it 's the cause of these problems . 
  there will always be `` problems '' , but problems are a very relative term . 
  the problems that much of the west is facing are problems other countries could only dream about and so on . 
  i mean , life does n't get any better than it does in western europe nowhere else in the world , that is the truth . 
  by 2027 a lot will change anyway , it 's just a very rough estimation . 
  none of that translates into leading a superpower through the very complex field of geopolitics . 
  his `` only one million '' loan was actually about 10 million in today 's dollars , while also inheriting his dad 's connections and name to help him along . 
  it 's hardly as impressive as you make it sound when you consider that trump would 've been richer today had he simply invested his money in mutual investment funds .
