  instead they always end up insulting someone or shouting conspiracy theories . 
  actually a lot more people than those `` elites '' you speak of would agree with the statement that discussing your bullshit race issues is not worth it . 
  you know why ? 
  because humanity has had this discussion countless times before and it always ends badly . 
  humanity is better when it is united , not when it is divided by race , or religion or ethnicity . 
  people hating others based on random shit like that instead of judging people individually are nothing but assholes . 
  so stop blaming fucking invisible elites and realize that most people want to have nothing to do with your bullshit . 
  it 's funny you should say that . 
  as a romanian when i go abroad i can tell immediately when some group is romanian . 
  i 've had a 100 % success rate so far . 
  you really can tell if you 're familiar with the phenotype . 
  and if they 're neighbors or something it 's even more possible people would know . 
  there 's people reporting that even work colleagues or friends are getting ready to pack their suitcases . 
  that 's your interpretation , i thing it 's wrong for a number of reasons . 
  all you have to do is look at this referendum and you will quickly realize that the vote was almost purely emotional , with the facts being twisted and wide amounts of populism being used . 
  this referendum only showed a support for leave in the sense that it came in a very bad time like you 've mentioned and it was based on what is basically populism , lies and fearmongering . 
  i do n't think this is even debatable , it 's literally what happened . 
  you can deny it and say that it 's all just opinion , but it really is n't , a clear rational analysis could only lead an impartial observer to that conclusion . 
  this is just a classic example of `` the will of the people '' being used by populists to change the political landscape of the country , most of the voters were indeed completely uninformed or lied to . 
  if that does n't make it obvious why referendums in these times are a bad idea , i do n't know what does . 
  problem with that is when it 's that tied 52-48 , what the majority wants literally changes from one day to the next , that 's why the state representatives have to step up in such situations and take the decision they think it 's best for the people . 
  i 'm surprised that more people are n't aware of the dangers , it 's not like we did n't have experience with populists in europe until now . 
  formally they condemn it , but practically they encourage such lunatics with their rhetoric . 
  people pretend it 's harmless , but it really is n't harmless to use populism especially when it 's to bait xenophobic feelings or nationalism . 
  bad things naturally end up happening by riling up so much hate and fear . 
  because clearly putting such a decision to vote in turbulent times is such a good idea right ? 
  it would be splitting nations in two just like the uk and it would be utterly pointless . 
  we have elected representatives to deal with these things , foreign policy and fiscal policy is n't something the average citizen understands very well if at all . 
  support for the eu has always varied , even the uk was mostly pro-eu since the number of years they joined : https://www.ipsos-mori.com/assets/images/polls/eu-stay-in-or-get-out-trend-oct-2014_lightbox.png it shows that while support for leave sometimes got close to 50 % or even higher at the beginning , it was mostly pro-eu over the years . 
  the uk for all intents and purposes have decided their future based on what is probably a peak of anti-eu sentiment that would 've most likely dropped soon enough based on trends . 
  you can even see these trends reversing right now in much of europe , euroscepticism is going down in numbers after the brexit . 
  in short , this is why it 's a mistake to decide these things based on referendums especially in this time period . 
  things are n't perfect mate , they never were . 
  the eu is probably the most ` consumer ' friendly place in the whole world . 
  people never really think of that , but it 's true . 
  we enjoy a lot of rights and regulations , and banks are better regulated than they were in 2008 that is for sure . 
  there 's room for improvement , but for that you fight together , not divide and abandon . 
  i think it would only be possible if public sentiment changes a lot in the following months . 
  if the balance is tipped to something considerable like 60 % remain , then there probably would be one . 
  but the support would have to be big , not just a measly 52 % , because making referendums when things are that tied is just fucking useless , it 's the job and responsibility of the elected representatives of the people to decide , not put it up to the vote and also splitting the country in two once more . 
  cameron really fucked up . 
  i mean there 's plenty of reasons for being fat , from simply being too lazy to exercise to having really bad dietary habits . 
  it 's not a good justification , but it is understandable as you say . 
  hating modern people for what their ancestors did 3 centuries ago ? 
  how 's that understandable ? 
  it actually requires more of a conscious effort on one 's part than not doing it , as opposed to being fat where it 's usually the lack of a conscious effort that gets people . 
  it really is n't understandable . 
  if people living today ca n't let go of what happened centuries ago , then they need to wake up . 
  if the eu does n't respond to criticism then everyone assumes it 's because it 's true . 
  if they do , then they assume the eu is trying to brainwash them . 
  ca n't win with you people . 
  it 's worse than that , they 've literally been convinced that the eu is some evil organization hellbent on destroying british culture and way of life , they do n't use `` 4th reich '' ironically , they believe it . 
  i 've also seen many even here on reddit comparing the eu to the ussr . 
  yup . 
  i mean the hate is easy to understand once you 've managed to wrap your head around the fact that these people have been right and proper brainwashed by the lies , manipulations and scaremongering of tabloids and various populists . 
  suddenly you have a problem with generalizations , my oh my . 
  i did n't see much revolt about all the times when the `` independent fair media '' of murdoch co. bashed ee immigrants every chance they got , or when farage told everyone that he would n't want a romanian as a neighbor , yet those were one of the biggest reasons for the leave vote , if not the biggest . 
  of course i 'm going to think large parts of leave voters are dumb and uneducated sheeple when they 've fallen for the glaringly obvious and low-level xenophobic baiting and nationalist populism of farage and murdoch . 
  like for example ? 
  no , it 's because the deflation comes from tax cuts and not deflationary tendencies in the real economy . 
  because the youtube video description said so ? 
  up your game . 
  anyone that knows junker knows that 's just the way he is . 
  if you 'll watch closely instead of sticking your head up your ass you will see that people are smiling and not taking offense to it , nobody actually got butthurt about it except for people on the internet . 
  actors can have valid points of view , nobody is just parroting whatever he says let 's be honest , they just happen to agree with him . 
  when you campaign 17 years for a cause , does it seem unreasonable to you to expect that person to have a clue on what happens next and what should the uk do ? 
  because otherwise brexiters are dumber than we all thought if they really followed a man based on nothing more than - his words - `` i really just wanted the uk to leave '' with absolutely no followup , no ideas , no plan , not even an awareness of consequences . 
  just ... `` i wanted the uk to leave '' . 
  mindblowing . 
  it 's like you think that repeating that over and over will somehow make it true . 
  it does n't . 
  leave campaigners literally have no idea what happens next , in farage 's own words `` i just wanted the uk to leave '' . 
  a + boys . 
  this is n't arrogance on our part , it 's monumental stupidity on yours for following a man that has literally no clue what happens next and a campaign that was based on `` it 'll all be fine '' , `` project fear '' and `` we 're tired of experts '' . 
  actually nobody in this comment chain was talking about segregation , you just made that up . 
  segregation is bad and france and belgium fucked up bad by allowing those ghettos to form on the outskirts of their capital cities . 
  they should have done a way better job at integrating those people if they chose to receive all of those citizens of their former colonies in their homeland . 
  those are the problem areas and that 's where the problem islamists end up being born , however simply holding on to customs and dressing differently by itself is n't a problem , it 's hotspots of crime and poverty such as those ghettos that are problems . 
  so i guess we can agree that segregation and ghettos are bad news . 
  i 'm sick of hearing this non-sense . 
  if it was n't for the 2008 crash the eu 's economy would be doing just fine , it was growing very well until 2008 and wages were at their highest peak since ever . 
  also , guess what , helping businesses is n't something evil like you make it out to be , it 's actually something good that every government must do in order to have a competitive economy . 
  inequality in europe is much less of a problem than in the usa . 
  as someone living here i can assure you that anti-corruption efforts before 2011 were almost non-existent . 
  it took time to build stronger institutions . 
  nowadays it 's not just dna that does its job , other institutions have since followed . 
  what i can not understand is how someone can have a problem with others based simply on the holidays they choose to keep or the way they dress . 
  now fuck off because you 're being an idiot that thinks he 's saying smart things by making nazi analogies when that 's clearly not what i mean when i say that keeping some cultural elements compatible with religious freedom is n't automatically something wrong that needs `` fixing '' . 
   that 's a silly thing to say . 
  i agree with biccs entirely . 
  so you think if someone is a nazi , but never physically hurt anyone , he should n't be judged as long as he 's not acting on it why do you people keep trying to reduce the argument to the absurd ? 
  of course it 's not okay if he 's a nazi , obviously it does n't apply in 100 % of cases , and being a nazi is n't a culture , it 's an ideological choice . 
  being hindu in itself should not be offensive to anyone , hindu 's are n't nazis , neither are muslims , if they wan na dress traditionally and keep their traditions that should be fine as long as they respect laws , people and customs . 
  why 's this so hard ? 
  teaching your kids that all women are sluts and that gays need to die is again in contradiction with the whole `` respect people , law , customs '' stuff i was saying , so it 's a shit example . 
  believe it or not one can be a hindu , muslim , christian , jew , buddhist , pastafarian , rhastafarian or whatever else you can think of without being a cunt , in the end all religion is personal and everyone interprets it however the fuck they wish , pretty much all religions have some despicable aspects and all religions have nutjobs for followers and idiots , in the end it all depends on the person doing the interpreting and believing in accordance with their own moral compass . 
  good job on giving some really bad examples that definitely come into contradiction with the whole `` respecting laws , customs and people '' requirement . 
  in that case i 'd agree with you simply because that person is an asshole that causes discomfort for others , which is very different from keeping to yourself but simply dressing differently or celebrating different holidays . 
  if you have a problem with someone based simply on their culture and not on their actions then yes i would say you are an ignorant grump . 
  it 's one thing to subject others to smelling foul or whatever and it 's another to keep to yourself and your traditions .
