  hence why we 're back to square one . 
  so the question remains , who is going to give incompetent governments of countries with major structural problems and with a 200 % debt to gdp ratio even more money to spend ? 
  austerity is what remains and serves to at least reduce that deficit and impose some kind of stability , else you 're left with a default which would have way worse consequences for the population . 
  austerity worked for a number of countries , including romania , which is now back to strong growth after having to take some pretty drastic measures such as reducing salaries with 25 % all over the public sector . 
  it was hard for a few years but people eventually got their salaries back including what they lost in those years retroactively and even substantial raises over the last 2 years . 
  romania is probably going to surpass greece soon despite the huge differences between the two countries in 2009 . 
  by delaying the reforms and playing populist games , the greek govt has managed to dig the country in a deeper and deeper hole , while also successfully managing to somehow blame it all on germany . 
  you seem to think austerity is some form of punishment instead of what it actually is . 
  a way to rebalance the budget and make necessary reforms in order to regain macroeconomic stability . 
  when you are in the situation greece is in , you cant just keep throwing money at the problem and hope it all quietly disappears , since easy access to money is what got them there in the first place . 
  they could have gotten out of austerity and recession way faster if they would have done what was necessary without delaying it for years and years . 
  i have a feeling any example is going to be twisted into some humanitarian catastrophe by you , but among the many things govs can do is privatize companies thare are costing the budget hundreds of millions a year to keep afloat with absolutely no positive change happening ( im the devil i know ) . 
  yup . 
  still even truer when you are running for your life . 
  you would have to be downright retarded to choose to stay in a country where golden dawn parties actually have a chance of winning because . . wait for it ... you might hurt the sensibilities of some europeans that think you are a rapist piece of shit economic migrant slash terrorist if you dare go further . 
  you are assuming a competent government and little to no corruption . 
  thing is greece would have never gotten in this situation in that case . 
  ignoring reality in favor of theories read on the net sure is a good way to build your world perspective . 
  it aint . 
  it can always be worse . 
  europe prefers peace over a revolution in russia which might turn ugly fast . 
  there are zero guarantees that putin 's successor is goin to be any more cooperative . 
  considering the nuclear arsenal of russia , the devil you know is preferable . 
  you 're talking about france , not somalia . 
  it has one of the highest gdp 's in the world . 
  slow growth for france means something like adding 10 billion to their economy in a year and still being in the top 5 nations with giants such as china , usa and japan . 
  unemployment is a problem but that 's mostly because they prefer to have a lot of benefits , less working hours and job security in the detriment of full employment , which is a choice they make as a nation and in no way an indication of being `` shit '' . 
  if france is shit then 95 % of the globe is something way worse than shit , like bloody diarrhea sprinkled with aids . 
  most of the world could only wish to be as shit as france is . 
  it 's unauthorized only if you ask them to leave and they wo n't . 
  the lack of far anything can not be a bad thing . 
  it probably means the population is educated enough to understand complex issues in which case the mainstream parties will also be much better as those people will have more civic conscience and will know how to hold politicians responsibly . 
  extremism is usually a sign of people lacking critical thinking skills so it really ca n't be good . 
  yeah , it seems like recent years have been characterized by the left in the uk and the us fighting and being divided , while the right has managed to rally behind certain leaders , good or bad as they may be . 
  for example among the republicans you saw little to no opposition towards trump , all the republicans on reddit were more than happy to talk about how he was going to maga , while slinging shit towards cruz and the rest ( justified as it may be ) , while the left , specifically bernie supporters , were so fervent in their support that they probably damaged hillary 's campaign more than the republicans could . 
  you 're giving him too much credit . 
  it was our goal since 2 years ago before trump was even in the picture . 
  romania wants to play nice with nato because we know we 're fucked without them . 
  lol france is in no way shape or form `` shit '' , it 's one of the best countries in the world to live in . 
  not being some socialist utopia does n't mean you 're ` shit ' . 
  of course they can , even a child can kill you . 
  just because women can stab you does n't mean shit , because the vast majority of men and women do n't stab each other , however a punch or a slap by a man is going to cause a lot more harm than the same coming from a woman . 
  men have it worse when it comes to mental abuse . 
   i 'll bet its crazy bitches that kill men more than the other way around . 
  first off , the guy above you is clearly a retard . 
  that being said , you 're wrong too . 
  men commit most violent crimes by far , it 's not even a contest , so that really ca n't be true at all . 
  it 's debatable whether men abuse women more or if it 's the other way around when you define abuse as anything from a slap to psychological abuse , but when it comes to the consequences of the abuse , men are way more dangerous . 
  a lot of women end up in the er because their husbands beat them to a pulp . 
  it rarely happens the other way around . 
  most women ca n't really inflict that kind of damage on men , so the intensity of the violence is very unbalanced . 
  and no , dick cutting is n't something common at all . 
  obviously this is n't even counting rape , which again is very unbalanced as you might imagine . 
  totally bro . 
  yeah but her father was way closer to what you would call a literal nazi , while she did a pretty good pr job convincing people they are n't actually a bunch of bigoted rabid ultranationalists . 
  using those terms in the manner you did just shows your general ignorance of world politics and history . 
  and no , china is n't liberal are you kidding me . 
   point me where was i being ` rude ' because afaik i did n't insult anyone . 
  i have noticed that some reddit turks are desperately trying to portray themselves similar to other peoples . 
  why ? 
  are n't you happy with what you are ? 
  are you insecure about yourselves ? 
  lol , let 's pretend this was n't meant in an insulting way . 
   i have noticed that some reddit turks are desperately trying to portray themselves similar to other peoples . 
  why ? 
  are n't you happy with what you are ? 
  are you insecure about yourselves ? 
  this is insulting . 
  as long as you recognize the fact that news outlets such as fox , breitbart and inforwars are even more cancerous , sure , whatever , i dont watch cnn either . 
  problem is that trump supporters have become convinced by dear leader that the mainstream media , as in , media they dont like , is fake news , while they trust everything fox or breitbart tells them , which is super retarded because they arent aware of just how much bias and outright fake news ( on breitbart or inforwars especially ) they consume themselves . 
  this obviously leads to a very skewed worldview with no basis in reality . 
  cnn has bias and are scummy sometimes , but the sites these people take for valid news peddle fake information and unsubstantiated conspiracy theories on a daily basis . 
  she literally gets money from russia , wants to see the eu teared down , and basically agrees with them on every major foreign policy issue . 
  i mean , it really could n't get more obvious , yet people still think their and her hate for immigrants is more important and would ignore any red flag as long as she continues to bash them . 
  this war on the establishment media such as nyt , while praising literal fake news sites such as breitbart is so retarded i ca n't even comprehend it . 
  it 's clear that it 's more about the fact that you agree with the worldview those conspiracy sites promote rather than basing it on any rational stance . 
  well yeah but your political spectrum is pretty messed up if you think of people like trump as valid `` right wing '' candidates and not actually far right populists which they are . 
  lol , 8 % is huge . 
  i think we 'd notice . 
  as opposed to the pakistani countryside ? 
  lol . 
  or did you miss the part where we were making a comparison between what poverty means in different countries ? 
  yea . 
  1.8 times higher while the minimum wage is 4 times higher . 
  thanks for making my point ? 
  poverty in germany is like ... still a pretty good life considering how poor most people in the world are . 
  and yeah it doesnt take into account the better quality of services and goods in germany , that is just the cherry on top . 
  you have n't done your research very well if you think they 're simply right wing . 
  jobbik is far right , uses constant antisemitic rhetoric , and even supports paramilitary groups bent on violence . 
  there was a very well done report done by an independent investigative journalism team in romania that has found links between a paramilitary group and jobbik , one of the members of the group was planning to blow up a gas pipeline in romania , he even had the tnt nicely stashed up , but was prevented by our romanian intelligence services to go through with it . 
  jobbik is fucking dangerous and they would love nothing more than to amp up ethnic tensions both in romania and hungary for their own political gain . 
  same as le pen really . 
  also , to no surprise to anybody , they also found a link with russian intelligence that have trained some of the members of the before mentioned paramilitary group . 
  overall , i too am glad orban is the one in charge . 
  he 's the real right-wing/nationalist/populist of hungary , while jobbik is most definitely far-right , even though i know they 'd rather call themselves `` radical right '' , like that 's any better . 
   20 euros might be ok ( pretty comfy even ) if you live in the pakistani countriside but 1000 euros in berlin i was sure someone was going to use this argument . 
  all i can say is that you 're completely out of touch with reality if you think a person living off 20 euros in the pakistani countryside has a better quality of life than the person living in berlin on 1000 euros . 
  the price of goods does n't vary nearly enough between countries to justify such a conclusion . 
  i ai n't even going to touch luxury goods which cost the same everywhere , like a pc or a smartphone or a car . 
  also , nobody is forcing anyone to live in a big metropolis like berlin if they 're poor , they too can move to the countryside in germany which is 20 times better than the one in pakistan and still earn way way more .
