  uhm , the fact that they only have 2 major parties is n't ideal , but it is still democratic . 
  the point in a democracy is to have opposition and those parties do make real opposition against each other and they do compete . 
  saying otherwise means you have n't payed attention to american politics at all . 
   whether the president is a democrat , or a republican , he can not do more than what the establishment tells him . 
  that 's just straight out of your ass . 
  obama himself has done a lot of things that go against what people think `` the establishment '' wants . 
  first of all there is no `` establishment '' as some unitary being , what people refer to as the establishment simply refers to dozens of interest groups , some more powerful than others , that have some amount of influence over american politics . 
  this much is true for any nation . 
   a democracy would n't allow institutions like the cia , that promotes non-democratic regimes in other countries , conducts operations that are qualified as crimes against humanity and tortures suspects . 
  secret services have always done shady shit , come on , it 's nothing new . 
  espionage and subterfuge is what they do . 
  the only reason the cia sticks out is because they 're a major actor . 
  they 've done some really retarded shit over the years , but that does n't translate to the fact that they are n't a democracy , rather it comes from the fact that they are a superpower . 
   what 's more important is , that in a democracy , the people 's will rule the country , and not the wealthy 's money like in the usa . 
  do they have free elections ? 
  yup . 
  babbling on about how they do n't really matter is just a nihilist argument . 
   the usa on a federal level , definitely does n't rule with the people in mind but with the big commercial institutions in mind . 
  or you know , maybe they rule with both in mind . 
  corporations and people often have conflicting interests so if one gets a beneficial law in their favor the other side resorts to calling it unfair . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  does that mean that every law is made to favor corporations ? 
  should every law favor employees ? 
  a balance should be achieved . 
  the usa just decided that balance is more on the capitalist/free-market side than the socialist side as europe has decided for itself . 
  both have their advantage and disadvantages . 
  in the end the usa is a pretty good place to live in and many people would love living there . 
  their standards of living are among the best in the world and they are the richest country on earth . 
  no country is perfect , but the usa has done a lot of things right and it 's a good place for most people to live in . 
  you 're assuming it 's because of cultural diversity , which is just a very simple explanation that is n't really anchored in reality . 
  the tensions in the eu are mostly due to the economic crisis , increase in terrorism and the subsequent refugee crisis . 
  the correlations are obvious if you consider that the west had many immigrants for decades before and things were fine , it 's not a coincidence that we have problems after going through a major economic crisis and lethargy followed by the destabilization of the middle east that brought along an increase in terrorism and ultimately led to the refugee crisis . 
  there 's a strong correlation between economic crises throughout history and social unrest , rise of extremist parties and so on . 
  the last economic crisis during 1999/2000 similarly brought a surge in extremism , but the crisis was much smaller than and it was n't followed by a refugee crisis to boot . 
  things will eventually go back to normal once economic conditions start improving and the middle east stabilizes one way or another . 
  more like mocking people that think the eu is some soviet style dictatorship . 
  not like he had much of a choice , you guys really need to get it out of your fucking systems . 
  otherwise people would 've still been raving on even today about fascist cameron that does n't respect `` muh democracy '' . 
  you sure it was n't because of ceausescu 's mad ambitions to pay off all of the debt that romania had ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that was the reason for all the shortages and rations . 
  how exactly does that work ? 
  if the 1 ` st generation is cool then does n't it make sense that the 2 ` nd should be even more integrated ? 
  something is going wrong along the way and it does n't seem to be the parents . 
  maybe the uk is n't really doing the best of jobs at integrating either . 
  just maybe . 
  until recently most people did want that , the politicians in charge now still reflect that feeling and many believe that this anti-eu sentiment we 're seeing is in big part because of the economic crisis and the migrant crisis . 
  which does make sense . 
  and apparently nobody really gives a shit . 
  sad that people are so quick to abandon their rights in the name of `` national interest '' and `` safety '' . 
  yeah , people say all kinds of things , that does n't make them right . 
  i 've given you things straight from their mouths , i do n't see what exactly is open to interpretation . 
  i 'm going to go through it one more time . 
  restricting the rights of people based simply on their ethnicity/skin color/religion is classic textbook discrimination . 
  it 's not only bigoted and incredibly ignorant , it 's also a very dangerous precedent in which you can punish whole groups of people based on nothing more than a random trait like skin color and it 's also against the very core of modern democracy and the declaration of human rights which state that everyone should be equal in front of the law and no man should be persecuted for their religious beliefs . 
  we persecute and prosecute people for their actions , their illegal actions , we do n't do it because they are brown of skin or believe in one magic guy in the sky instead of another . 
  it 's the basis of our `` european values '' and democracies . 
  all men living free , being equal in front of the law , innocent until proven guilty , freedom of religion etc. 
  come on , it 's not even a debate . 
  the far right is against the core principles of democracy and our values , we ca n't act like that 's not the case because they 're repeating it over and over and you can hear it straight from their mouths . 
  so , again , restricting the rights of people based on nothing more than their religious beliefs is discrimination and it is against every international law and internal law of every western country . 
  this is not debatable and it 's not open to interpretation , it 's simply fact . 
  thus it also against the rule of law . 
  this is n't some opinion contest , it 's the reality of things . 
  playing the game of whataboutism regarding the eu is not in fact a valid counterargument . 
  it started off as an economic trade agreement and then expanded to more than that , it hardly has anything to do at all with nationalism or nazism . 
  the fact that the eu has accepted such countries as romania is more than proof of that , we 're one big happy fucking family , except for all the people that like to blame everything bad on the eu . 
  well , anyway . 
  if you do n't believe it then do n't say it like it 's fact . 
  do you really believe the eu was made by former nazis ? 
  that 's like against the very definition of ultra-nationalism and everything they stood for . 
  it 's simply bullshit . 
  all the biggest nationalists are against the eu , not pro-eu , come on . 
  you asked for examples , i gave you examples that are clear as day . 
  i do n't know what else could convince you besides them out right admitting it , which they wo n't because they do need to seem somewhat reasonable in order to be electable . 
  consider that those examples are only the things they were willing to share with the whole wide world , not necessarily the `` best '' of their beliefs , since these parties have moved a bit closer to the center only recently . 
  these parties support increased authoritarianism and restriction of rights , especially against minorities , sexual , ethnic and religious , but also against women as they are often anti-abortion as well . 
  so what other example do you want ? 
  i told they want to break the rule of law and discriminate , obviously they wan na do that , but you 're excusing it as something necessary . 
  it just shows me that you 've already made up your mind that they 're doing the right thing , but you 're not considering the fact that democracy stands on these four core principles  ( a ) a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections ; ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life ; ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  the far right wants to disregard the latter two , how long do you think it 'll take for them to dismantle the first two ? 
  that 's how it usually went in history . 
  those that do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
   yes . 
  until a way to thoroughly vet muslims entering the country could be found . 
  there are a lot of very dangerous people who are muslim who want to wage war on americans . 
  you realise this ? 
  like i said , he 's proposing restricting the rights of people based simply on their religion . 
  do you not think that is discrimination at its most obvious ? 
  considering that some of them like the austrian far right has literal roots in nazism and statements like these from the former leader of the french national front  in 2005 , jean-marie le pen wrote in the far-right weekly magazine rivarol that the german occupation of france `` was not particularly inhumane , even if there were a few blunders , inevitable in a country of [ 220,000 square miles ] '' and in 1987 referred to the nazi gas chambers as `` a point of detail of the history of the second world war . '', 
  ... would suggest otherwise . 
  it was just a joke anyway about pretending to have the solution . 
  but on a serious note , these parties , especially their core members and older members are pretty fucking obviously racist . 
  these parties simply moved closer to the center in recent years because they realized it 's the only way to capture a wider electorate base , not because they magically changed their ways and values . 
   the problem is is that there is no one else maybe that 's because not wanting the eu to collapse is the reasonable platform and maybe it takes a bit too much nationalism and prejudices in the first place to see the eu as such an enemy . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  the reason the far right is anti-eu is because it 's easier to be an authoritarian party without anyone else meddling in your business , that much is obvious . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4kqyek/germanys_farright_afd_party_has_more_public/d3hj95g here 's afd 's program translated in english . 
   the afd opposes the ideological complex imported from anglo-saxon spheres [ ... ] commonly called `` gender mainstreaming '' , `` diversity '' , `` anti-discrimination '' and so on . 
  it is not a spontaneous or organical cultural movement , but an organized effort of political lobby groups supported by massive amounts of tax money to ensure cultural hegemony . 
  one of the pearls from their program .
