  western societies already do support the freedom of others to be bigots . 
  you only have a problem with it because they 're muslims and not whites . 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of bigoted white people either , in fact , bigoted white people used to be a strong majority until not that long ago . 
  i never said the middle east was n't fucked up before as well , but when they had even the smallest chance of progress and democracy it sure did n't help that we funded and organized coups because some countries did n't think it was fair to pay them them equal shares for exploiting their own oil . 
  but this is just a small tangent . 
  i 'm also not denying shit , you 're the one denying that islam has n't always been like this and christianity used to be much worse for example . 
  things change . 
  what a great fucking coincidence it is that those changes seem to align with the democratization and industrial revolution in europe and the increased authoritarianism in the middle east starting from the ottoman empire to the more recent british empire and ending with tyrants and finally failed states . 
  it 's all just one big coincidence , islam is just bad and the rest of religions are better right ? 
  ignoring context and history is a great way of drawing wrong conclusions simply based on what you see today . 
  this is n't trying to understand the issue . 
  buddhists can commit terrorist acts too , so can christians . 
  stop deluding yourself . 
  it 's not islam , it 's the fucked up situation in the middle east that causes this . 
  seeing as how rule of law is one of the basis of democracies , he is n't wrong . 
  it was clear this was going to happen at one point for a lot of people , but i guess you 'd rather still live in denial . 
  if they are allowed to continue , this wo n't be the first or last time they take a shit on democratic principles . 
  yeah , i suspected as much . 
  still , we should n't generalize too much , even very intelligent and knowledgeable people are sometimes drawn to such ideologies , no category is immune , it 's usually a combination of not so strong critical thinking skills combined with some strong personal beliefs , usually religious/traditionalist , and a predisposition to believe in conspiracy theories . 
  sad thing is he is n't even a shill , most of them are n't , it 's just a point of view that was swallowed by a lot of people where teh evil left is to blame for all of eu 's problems , of course the evil left means pretty much every mainstream party nowadays and the far right is the new center/right or something . 
  this point of view is also strongly encouraged by russia through various websites and news outlets funded by them because it helps along their interests of having a more divided europe , a return to nationalism , and a stronger anti-eu and anti-nato sentiment . 
  unfortunately lots of people have started believing all these theories that the left ( mainstream politics ) are purposely destroying europe through multiculturalism , eu is the avatar the evil left uses to accomplish this and the far right are the only honest politicians that want to `` save '' us from evil foreigners , but not russia , russia is okay and the west ( evil left ) that controls the media is just exaggerating and demonizing poor putin . 
  of course , you ca n't bite the hand that feeds you . 
  the guy you 're sending east is probably better aligned with european values than you are . 
  people keep downvoting because of this whole new-wave nationalism where white people can do no wrong and muslims are filthy terrorists that all need to be kicked out . 
  i mean you did see that , you just do n't anymore , which is an important distinction to make . 
  it 's important because it just goes to prove that the religion in itself is n't the problem , it all depends on the environment and society that wields it . 
  the middle east has been constantly ass fucked by authoritarianism for centuries , as a result secularization has never occurred except in limited fashion , mostly in modern turkey . 
  too bad erdogan is doing a fine job of fucking up any progress turkey has made in the last couple of decades . 
  why do you assume this is the case with the current refugees ? 
  sure , a part of them are pretending , but a big part of them are n't , so why keep spreading these lies that they 're all a bunch of profiteering assholes ? 
  most refugees come from syria , afghanistan and iraq . 
   it 's more like a few milions polish people live in the west and they are n't impressed with multiculturalism and they do n't want to replicate it back at home . 
  which is not only ironic but really dumb as well , how easily people forget that all the people hating on multiculturalism and refugees were hating on poland , romania , bulgaria etc. 
  just a few years ago . 
  they still do , it 's just that immigrants are now the bigger threat . 
  what i 'm saying is that the more liberal and open societies of the west is what has allowed us to become part of the eu and now these same countries are trying to burn the ladder after they got on it . 
  unfortunately the more people shut up out of fear and do n't speak up against such behavior , the more these people are encouraged by the thought that they 're somehow doing the people 's will and for the good of the country . 
  recently more and more people tolerate the far righter as well and view it as just normal politics which is another big sign of worry . 
  the fact that these attitudes are starting to become more widespread and that people are starting to view them as normal is really fucking depressing . 
  and you really seem to be on a crusade against the `` left '' . 
  you pop up on every topic to defend poor oppressed russia , far righters , war criminals and so on because apparently it 's all some big conspiracy by the left . 
  nations were never these things that were preserved . 
  times change , people change , demographics change , technology changes things , traditions die off , mass-migration happens whether you like it or not etc. 
  i find that people that are too conservative in general are delusional and are fighting the natural course of things by being too stubborn in preserving the ways they know are the `` right '' ones . 
  yeah , the left totally ruined europe by their `` multicultural agenda '' , but the right never has n't done anything bad right ? 
  you live in a fantasy world where these far right parties will save europe , too bad it 's all a lie and the only thing they 're good at is fucking up democracies and making life hard for minorities . 
  people like to be fed easy answers for very complex problems , the far right is just more willing to do it by telling people by uniting people against immigrants , jews , bankers you name it . 
  any nation has an interest in imposing ( more ) of its will . 
  basically , winning at negotiations is what i meant , not necessarily anything else . 
  i got the jokes but there were no apocalyptic scenarios to be mocked . 
  anyway , a bad deal is judged as such in relation to others in this scenario , it wo n't be `` bad '' as in you 'd be stupid to make the deal , it would be bad because it would probably be considerably worse than what you 'd get otherwise . 
  that can only work if the vast majority of labor is automated and we resolve our energy issues . 
  the point was that you thought people are talking about the usa wanting to rape your virgins or send their ships over when all anyone ever said is that you 'll get bad deals . 
  people are focusing way too much on the negatives , even when it 's not the eu 's fault . 
  on the other hand very few understand and know all the advantages the eu brings . 
  i 've seriously had people argue that the uk loses money by being in the eu because they 're a net contributor , that was their entire calculations on the situation , the eu contributes more to funds than it receives so it must be losing money . 
  if people do n't even know just how important the eu is for trade and how much it helps the uk 's exports then they are n't voting in full knowledge . 
  that 's just one example . 
  maybe the fact that the us could impose its will more easily on individual states without having the whole eu as a leverage . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's still way better for the us if the eu would be strong and united , that 's generally a good thing to have in your partners . 
  nobody indicated towards anything other than what i said . 
  too bad you fail to understand nationalism means more than you think it does by your narrow definition . 
  it always gets worse before it gets better in situations like that . 
  do n't count ukraine out . 
  many eastern european countries went through a similar process . 
  nobody 's arguing you wo n't get a deal , just not as good . 
  maybe they 're not the same people . 
  shocking . 
   you ca n't , because any such aggression would hurt your own native country . 
  russia is the prime example here . 
  sure , that 's why countries have been trying to conquer others for millenia , to hurt their natives . 
  i 've heard it all . 
  you 're just being willfully ignorant . 
   noun 1 . spirit or aspirations common to the whole of a nation . 
  2 . devotion and loyalty to one 's own country ; patriotism . 
  3 . excessive patriotism ; chauvinism . 
  4 . the desire for national advancement or political independence . 
  5 . the policy or doctrine of asserting the interests of one 's own nation viewed as separate from the interests of other nations or the common interests of all nations . 
   a feeling that people have of being loyal to and proud of their country often with the belief that it is better and more important than other countries you can be a nationalist while still wanting your country to annex others . 
  germany and the soviets were both very valid examples of highly nationalistic countries , sticking your fingers up your ear holes and humming does n't make it less true . 
  nazi comes from nationalist for fucks sake , their whole rhetoric was highly nationalistic . 
  that does n't mean russia is n't a threat , nor do people especially trust other nato countries to jump in and help them , especially the eastern european ones that have been thrown under the bus before . 
  bankruptcy is extremely bad for a country short term at least . 
  i do n't know where you get your bullshit from . 
  it helps to pay that debt because the country avoids bankruptcy first of all . 
  it also helps because the debt is over a way longer period of time with low interest , which gives greece the chance to `` outgrow '' the debt . 
  basically , if they manage to stabilize the country and achieve economic growth the debt suddenly becomes much more manageable as economic growth can shrink the debt over time proportional to the gdp . 
  it does n't matter if you have 180 % debt to gdp as long as your economy keeps growing . 
  meanwhile you have far right parties financed by russia , a propaganda war waged against the west and the eu , countless shills payed by the russian government . 
  no real danger . 
  most people like you ? 
  on a more serious note , a lot of people want to see a united europe and they see the uk leaving as something that moves us further from that . 
  for me that 's the reason at least . 
  i do n't want the uk to leave but i respect their decision to hold a referendum , i only have one caveat , if your nation chooses to stay i hope they do so with full knowledge of what that means , which is more integration and less bitching . 
  once the matter is settled it should stay settled , because if you vote to remain and the next year we have the same story all over again then nothing gets solved . 
  it has much more to do with oil prices that seriously devalued the ruble . 
  putin is doing a miserable job at diversifying the economy . 
  if you want examples you can have plenty of eastern european countries that have done pretty well for themselves . 
  there 's no reason russia ca n't , it 's just that the people are pretty much brainwashed into apathy .
