  nope . 
  making a strong comeback . 
  a lot of people are still denying it even now . 
  `` you 're just calling people you do n't agree with racist '' blablabla . 
  yeah but incidents like these should n't be happening nonetheless . 
  these people are being validated a lot these days so people should lay off the crack pipe a little and do a little self-reflection . 
  any kind of speech that encourages violence and hate towards others should n't be okay with people , because shit like `` beating a muslim woman '' or shooting that british pm or beating up a polish guy will keep happening more and more . 
  people should n't encourage these morons and yet many are silent because some small part of them is okay with it . 
  some people wo n't like the answer , but the truth is that it 's because xenophobic currents are often linked with lower levels of education and some amount of anti-intellectualism . 
  experts are viewed with distrust and when science does n't fit their world view it is dismissed . 
  any of that seem familiar ? 
  `` we 're tired of experts '' . 
  so pretty much what describes the entire western world ? 
  our systems are ones of representative democracy . 
  that much is opposite . 
  it is indirect democracy , because it 's the sane option for us at the moment . 
  the average citizen is nowhere near equipped to understand and take massively complex decisions on matters of financial policy or international affairs . 
  that 's why we vote for people who 's jobs it is to know all of those things and take the best decisions for us . 
  if you want to understand why democracy is bad all you need to think about is how things would look on fiscal policy , it would be an absolute slaughter i guarantee it , countries would be insolvent half the time and would probably experience hyperinflation at regular intervals . 
  it would be more akin to the world 100 years ago . 
  the netherlands is far more dependent on the eu and its single market . 
  their export-import balance surplus is huge , it makes up something crazy like 22 % of their gdp . 
  it would be economical suicide to nexit . 
  their trade balance with the eu is currently almost 200 billion euros in the plus . 
  that 's billions , not millions . 
  you ca n't compare a damn talk show to a political campaign that decides the future of the country . 
  john oliver is a comedian doing a talk-show , his job description is wildly different from that of a politician , he can be as biased as he wants , in fact his job description even entitles him to make shit up just for laughs , but what 's ironic is even taking all of this into account john oliver 's opinions are still probably better sourced and thought out than the whole of the pro-brexit campaign . 
  politicians do that all the time . 
  in fact they must do it sometimes for the greater good . 
  if they do n't and act like populists that only do what the people want them to do , it leads to ruin . 
  the sad reality of our present day is that we are not ready for a direct democracy . 
  the reason why we have representative democracy is so that the above average of us , those that are skilled in politics , law , administration , should be the ones taking massively complex decisions for us . 
  if countries were run by the people all you 'd see is salary increases and tax cuts , but in a few short years the country would probably end up insolvent . 
  politicians have to take unpopular decisions sometimes if they are better for us a whole . 
  in the end what really matters for a democracy is for those leaders to be accountable to the voters , that is why elections exist . 
  the role of the politician is not to do everything the masses want him to do . 
  that is the opposite of a good politician . 
  the masses can be very wrong sometimes and that is why we have democratic institutions in place and a representative democracy . 
  in matters of international politics or finances some countries outright ban referendums , it 's exactly for that reason , most people are n't equipped to understand the issues and decide in good conscience . 
  it 's not anti-democratic , because our democracy is a representative one in the first place , it does n't require direct democracy and it is n't advised to have it either . 
  what a bunch of wishful thinking . 
  sure , losing out on tons of investments and a huge single market might turn out even better with the uk . 
  if you believe in santa clause . 
  almost every economist agrees that the future does n't look as bright for the uk as it would in the eu , but wishful thinking is going to compensate somehow i 'm sure . 
  there 's no way this does n't have negative and long lasting effects on the uk and almost every economist knows it . 
  a lot of people think it 's a bad idea for a 52 % majority to be able to pull the country out of the eu which is a huge deal , but i agree that the will of the people should be respected if better rules were n't made before . 
  thing is tho that the will of the people is a fickle thing and what might be 52 % might turn into 49 % in only a couple of days . 
  what do you do then ? 
  one would say that 's the reason why we have representative democracies , so the representatives can make decisions based on what 's best for the people that voted them in office . 
  it 's a big responsibility to take on for only a very small lead in the referendum in what is otherwise obviously not the best thing for the uk . 
  direct democracy is a bad idea and there 's a reason why our systems are representative in nature . 
  the thing with direct democracy is that it 's a utopia much like communism or other ideologies that can not be implemented in the present . 
  direct democracy requires an extremely `` smart '' population , as in they would need to be very highly educated with a lot of knowledge on financial and political institutions and very involved in politics . 
  otherwise it 's a recipe for disaster because as history has shown us time and time again is that people and masses of people can be easily manipulated in times of perceived crisis especially . 
  it seems like you 're still confusing the far right with the right and liberal with far left . 
  the rest of the world is n't part of a single market . 
  the eu is more than just a trade agreement . 
  in fact , it has always been more than that and it has always had the goal of more integration . 
  you ca n't compare the eu to some random trade agreement and say that `` look !!, 
  others can do it without free movement '' . 
   assuming that every last year refugee gets their application granted what kind of assumption is that ? 
  we already know that less than half get asylum approved . 
  it 's also assuming that everyone will stay here and nobody will want to go home . 
  exactly . 
  as much as people are saying `` hurr durr you hate democracy '' , the truth is that this is an absolutely massive decision to take with vast ramifications and a great deal of consequences . 
  facts are that 52 % of the british decided they wanted to leave , that is true , but the fact is that 70 % of the parliament thinks its a bad idea and so does the pm and pretty much everyone else that has substantial knowledge on the matter . 
  in this scenario is it really anti-democratic to not heed the wish of the 52 % ? 
  i know that on some level that is fucked up , but there 's a reason why the referendum is advisory and i think that if the representatives of britain truly believe the uk is better off remaining , i do n't think that 2 % above the treshold is enough . 
  either way , it 's hilarious if they end up having to accept free movement of citizens , as that was probably one of the biggest campaign topics for the leave side . 
  no but making retarded statements like `` the left does n't believe in democracy '' sure is . 
  these kinds of friends are never true friends . 
  they support each other because it 's convenient at the moment , but that does n't mean a new era of cooperation and friendship , it 's much more likely they will start turning on each other . 
  yeah man !!, 
  that evil evil !!, 
  how the hell are you people so stupid . 
  let 's see . 
  appointed by democratically elected representatives ? 
  check . 
  given a vote of confidence by the eu parliament whose members are democratically elected ? 
  check . 
  so where exactly is the problem ? 
  it 's about as democratic as most democracies in the west . 
  or anyone that does n't eat up the whole national identity bullshit . 
  multiple reasons based on lies and misinformation , or partial truths . 
  was n't eu membership a big deal for scotland even during their referendum ? 
  plus , they did literally announce today that they see the future of scotland inside the eu . 
  i mean saying `` none of this is going to happen '' while it 's kind of happening already is living in denial at this point . 
  is that really all you 've gathered from the leave campaign ? 
  they just do n't fancy the union ? 
  the eu ca n't both be authoritarian and at the same time ethereal what the hell . 
  make up your mind . 
  leaving the eu will have a lot of effects that every briton will feel . 
  from a very probable economic recession in 2017 to no freedom of movement and the removal of very many consumer rights and environmental laws passed by the eu . 
  i only need to spend about an hour on reddit to already have a bunch of opposing views shoved in my face , from articles to comments . 
  it 's different because you 're much more exposed , especially when you 're in contact in one way or another with all kinds of people with all kinds of views . 
  more information is always better . 
  being exposed to opposing viewpoints is better . 
  that 's only true if you think of the internet as some unitary being . 
  that describes newspapers and media empires way better than it does the internet as a whole . 
  by being exposed to more information and more points of view you 're already ahead of the vast majority of people that only get informed from their favorite newspaper .
