  however , i 'm willing to bet that a majority of eu citizens do n't have a problem with signing an accession treaty with the ukraine . 
  i 'm actually glad you brought up the fact that this was never about ukraine . 
  it shows how petty anti-eu people are , they would vote no and scream at every proposal the eu has , unless it 's to disband itself , just to spite `` brussels '' , without actually looking at the issue and trying to be rational about it . 
  so now your complaint boils down to the fact that the eu did n't listen to about 10 % of the dutch population , that voted in the referendum just to spite the eu . 
  problem is that while the argument is a nice little tear-jerker about how the big ol mean eu ignores those people , you fail to understand the the eu is a union of 28 member states , and that them voting no is akin to a small city inside a country voting no on an issue , when everyone else voted yes , followed by crying , kicking and screaming because their will was n't imposed on everyone else , when they actually just voted no as a big fuck you to everyone else in the first place , to the people that want the eu to succeed , to people that want the ukraine to succeed . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  if you would manage to view things from that perspective for at least five seconds before raving on about how tyrannical the eu is , you 'd realize that maybe the undemocratic thing would be to give an inflated sense of importance to what is about 10 % of the dutch population , in the detriment of the wishes of not just the other 27 member states , but also to the wishes of the dutch people as expressed by their elected leaders in way greater numbers and all while throwing ukraine on the bus so they can make their little point . 
  and before you go around crying about the lack of mandate , i just wan na say that the parliament is elected for 4 years , not 3 years , not 3 years and 355 days , but 4 years . 
  the whole thing is just one huge monument to selfishness , pettiness , immaturity , and a total lack of self-reflection and self-awareness about what is right and what is wrong . 
  it 's not just those things , it 's also a complete disrespect or lack of understanding of how democracy and its rules really work . 
  just get it through your head already , it was a non-binding referendum , where 10 % of the dutch population was against the treaty just out of spite , with a complete disregard for what is actually best for the ukraine and the eu . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  your politicians had absolutely no obligation to follow the results and it is a true blessing that they were smart enough to realize that it 's not worth sabotaging the agreed will of 27 member states and what is best for ukraine just to pander to a small minority of angry people that have decided to use a deciding moment in the fate of a fellow european country just to send an angry middle finger . 
  thank fuck for that . 
  well if you read the eu statute , you would realize that it takes all of the eu members to agree , which , shocker , actually happened . 
  so tell me how did the eu not respect its laws ? 
  is a non-binding referendum in the netherlands somehow supposed to override unanymous decisions in the eu ? 
  more like classic anti-intellectual , irrational hate of anything eu . 
  you hate the eu for this when a. concessions were made for the dutch and b. the dutch parliament and their representative in the council agreed to it . 
  yeah . 
  the eu is literally the devil . 
  how dare they . 
  also you do realize this is n't about eu membership right ? 
  ukraine is n't 2 years away from joining the eu , so your analogy sucks balls . 
  we were just as poor in the 90 's . 
  of course they actually want to leave . 
  the trickery does n't reside in making people think they want to leave the eu when they do n't . 
  the trickery resides in convincing a big enough mass of people over the years , by constantly bombarding them with propaganda , that the eu is guilty for all kinds of sins , much of which are imagined and straight made up . 
  then the people will want to leave all on their own of course . 
  the issue is that their basis for wanting to leave does n't have that much to do with reality at that point and it 's based on a false picture of the eu . 
  that 's why all the lies were necessary , to further that negative imagine that has been built over the years , lest it might be dispelled by constructive and truthful debate . 
  and the thing is , you do n't have to convince 50 % of the population either , not all that wanted a brexit are misinformed , some genuinely do wanted to leave the eu based on nothing but accurate information . 
  in reality , it 's enough to convince 5 or 10 % of the population that the eu is some kind of ussr by constantly lying to them through tabloids and manipulative political discourse in order to tip the scales . 
  in fact , when it comes to brexit , as we 've seen , 3 % was enough to make a difference . 
  i 'm pretty sure all the years of outright propaganda , twisting of facts and made up news stories about the eu affected more than 3 % of the voting population . 
  you do realize the allies declared war on germany as soon as poland was invaded right ? 
  meanwhile russia was busy making secret dealings with nazi germany to carve poland up . 
  if you simply mean the usa , then that was due to their isolationist foreign policy , until they were invaded by japan . 
   are you claiming that russia is alone in committing war crimes ? 
  i 'm claiming russia is n't some hero nation of ww2 , it was a nation lead by a genocidal psychopath , that had no problem with killing millions of civilians and letting its soldiers rape eastern europe . 
  in fact , when the allies brought it up , stalin told them something along the line of `` they need some fun too ( referring to the rapes ) '' . 
  some of the russian soldiers may be heroes , the others went around raping women in eastern europe and killing civilians . 
  some russian soldiers may be heroes indeed , but their government is responsible for the deaths of millions of civilians . 
  things are n't so black and white . 
  russia 's contribution to the war is obviously not to be ignored , but they did n't do it because they wanted to save europe , if hitler did n't decide to invade russia , stalin would have been more than happy to carve up eastern europe with him , just like they did in poland . 
  russia is no hero , they did what they did for their own selfish reasons and were absolutely horrible in a lot of ways . 
  people have always used fascism and communism as terms to discredit political opposition . 
  the right just loves to call others socialists in a derogatory way and communists , while the left usually calls the right nazis . 
  while that is stupid , it 's not always wrong to use analogies for arguments , especially when you 're referring to comments where people have actually advocated for people to be shot at the border . 
  it 's a good thing we have this thing called rationality , it enables us to go beyond our basest instincts . 
  we have different definitions then . 
  voting in a referendum does not seem to me like a revolution in the sense of people overthrowing a government . 
  bitching on reddit doesnt count . 
  people in the uk were mad and now they are leaving . 
  no revolt . 
  no revolution . 
  no civil war . 
   the nation state is the largest possible form of community that a people can willingly belong to whilst remaining loyal and true towards their countrymen . 
  that is one big presumption to make . 
  i do n't know what on earth makes you believe that countries are the ultimate form of societal organization . 
   i have nothing in common with the romanian or polish immigrants here . 
  how many of them have you even talked to ? 
  i do n't what kind of weird fucking shit you 're into man , but i guarantee that many of the people i know that currently live in england are normal human beings with normal hobbies and normal values , much like what you find in most englishmen . 
  i really do n't know why you perceive people from ee to be such complete aliens . 
  you 've probably seen some gypsies or ee chavs around and you 've decided you have nothing in common with romanians . 
  you do realize that most people here want the same things you guys want right ? 
  in fact most of romania is currently fighting exactly to be more like western countries . 
   there is a reason the nation state still exists and will continue to exist until the end of time the nation state is a relatively new form of organization and there is no reason to believe it will exist until the end of time . 
  you just seem to lack imagination . 
  true but it 's a terrible comparison to make , since most of them were based on military conquest and did n't really have a democracy . 
  the federation could only really work with a lot of state autonomy at the beginning at least . 
  maybe after a century or two , it could become more centralized , but then it would happen because the lines between the different states would probably be way weaker than initially . 
  at that point it would just work like any big country . 
  so it would be pretty much like the eu currently is , only with sovereignty over foreign policy , a common european army , some basic form of a constitution much like that of the us which it would uphold , and of course more cooperation in the justice and security domains , with federal courts and federal law enforcement agencies . 
  none of those unions were achieved democratically . 
  `` unions '' based on military conquest work very differently from democratic suprastate organizations like the eu . 
  for one , there 's no reason for people to revolt against the eu , because they can just leave it . 
  second thing is that people generally tend to be more pro-eu which they willingly joined than being pro-whatever great power conquered them two decades ago . 
  another important difference is that nowadays the world is way more interconnected than ever before and most ( young ) people at least can speak the same language ( english ) , people travel from country to country all the time and thanks to the eu we 've already started to slowly develop a common identity . 
  what i 'm saying is that the situations are n't really comparable unless viewed very simplistically , but even using the word union to describe what they have in common is imo wrong . 
    the only thing most of europe has in common is that at one point or another we have all been at war with germany . 
  oh come on , that 's not true . 
  most europeans are pretty similar to each other , you 're just focused on the differences . 
  even in the same country , people ca n't agree on a lot of things , that 's normal as everyone is different . 
  however , i can assure you that i can find millions of people that share mine or your values all across europe and they really do n't have to be from the same country . 
  pretty much every country has its liberals , its progressives , its conservatives , religious nutjobs , fascists , communists , and whatever else you want . 
  they want to forcefully implement communism . 
  a classic case of the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  in their minds , they are doing the world a favor , because nobody could actually want capitalism , it 's those pesky 1 % ` ers keeping the people subjugated . 
  it 's because it 's pretty hard to discover who exactly from a sea of people , probably wearing masks , actually did it . 
  well , i guess the airline is polish so it kinda counts ? 
  it would be good if it was n't coupled with all the other negative outlooks . 
  it 's a sign of decreased demand and possibly decreased purchasing power . 
  it 's not really good if house prices drop because people ca n't really afford/want to risk buying a home . 
  useful idiot is a more fitting term than puppet . 
  and you think they get a free pass for that ? 
  damaging property is still a crime you know . 
  so you think that saying islam is backwards is a crime ? 
  pretty much every city that is n't in any of the former colonial powers ? 
  lol , when did that happen .
