  luckily in times of crisis , there 's always plenty of idiots willing to hand it to them for the promise of making things great like they used to be while scapegoating the left , minorities , foreign interests , enemies of the nation , unpatriotic people and so on for the nations problems . 
  due to ethnic cleansing done by soviet russia . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  i 'm not even sure what you 're trying to say with that . 
  is it like a popularity contest you 're trying to show us ? 
  there you have it ladies and gentleman . 
  i really must save this post for later . 
  the far right rising is a good thing . 
  let 's make a check list . 
  the left is to blame 2 . 
  minorities are to blame 3 . 
  minorities deserve being marginalized 4 . 
  lesser cultures 5 . 
  at least the far right love their country 6 . 
  those who oppose them are unpatriotic . 
  you know what 's missing though ? 
  telling me that what hitler did was a good thing and he should 've finished the job . 
   vienna 's schoolchildren are 50 % non-european . 
  citation needed . 
  still having trouble seeing the word racist . 
  then again , if the refugee crisis leads you to believe politicians only care about immigrants , i 'm really not surprised that you 're seeing racism accusations in a sentence like that . 
  let 's not forget that you were the one that said  when our politicians bend til they break their own backs to accomodate these people but do n't give a shit about the people already living here . 
  so does n't that imply exactly what i said ? 
  that they 're being unpatriotic and immigrant loving ? 
  still waiting to see those racism accusations though . 
  i think i 'll wait until the end of time . 
  it 's absolutely fucking disgusting the way you victimize yourself to gain sympathy . 
  `` oh no he called me racist '' . 
  without ever calling you racist . 
  the far right is authoritarian in nature . 
  do you think democratic institutions and the rule of law are something god given to every european citizen ? 
  just look at poland , it did n't even take a few months for pis to get elected , even though they are n't really that far right , and they already have a constitutional crisis and the rule of law is being undermined . 
  as far as i know they also passed media laws that allow them easier control . 
  any party can affect the institutions of a country , it 's wishful thinking to believe otherwise . 
  political parties can not only name people in key positions , they also wield much of the power inside of a country . 
  if they get a hold of enough of it , which is usually what they try to do once elected , guess what they try to do next ? 
  they try to lessen any opposition that they might have . 
  they usually start with the constitution and the justice system . 
  this is something that has happened countless times , yet people are still somehow surprised about . 
  absolutely baffling . 
  if there 's one thing far right parties are n't know for , it 's for their respect towards democracy and the rule of law . 
  you seem to be in disbelief that a european country can have its democracy turned upside down and authoritarianism getting a hold on it , despite the fact that shit like that has happened not once but numerous times during the last century . 
  studying a bit of history can easily show why such parties are extremely dangerous . 
  they use populism and manipulate people through fear and anger , once they get the masses nice and riled up they can get away with a lot of things people would n't normally allow , usually using nationalism and appeal to tradition while scapegoating minorities . 
  if anyone stands in their way or calls for alarm , they quickly get labeled as unpatriotic or out to hurt the nation . 
  where the fuck did i call you a racist ? 
  you are imagining insults , like 30 minutes ago when you told me you wont ever talk to me because i claimed your viewpoint of politicians only caring for immigrants is laughable . 
  it 's pretty fucking tempting to troll you about being a safe space loving triggered pc like person when you are literally making up insults against yourself that i 've supposedely used . 
  if you really know what discrimination is and you really are a roma , i 'd expect you to understand why generalizing people and discriminating against them is wrong , which is what parties like the fpo are doing . 
  calling others unpatriotic is also the shitties fucking tool in the far right playbook to discredit people . 
  you 've managed to get insulted over the fact that i said it 's laughable that you 're implying politicians are unpatriotic and brought the refugees here ? 
  no man , you 're right , i 'm sorry . 
  god . 
  for people that are complaining about others being too pc , you guys sure get insulted easily . 
   that is when i do n't even want to talk to you anymore , seeing as how you try to make an enemy out of me . 
  triggered . 
  run back to your safe space . 
  do n't talk to the evil leftist trying to slap you with a bit of common sense . 
  actually this is why most of the world does n't execute people anymore : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/28/death-penalty-study-4-percent-defendants-innocent it has nothing to do with christian morality . 
  that number exists despite the countless appeals and recourses the inmates have at their disposal . 
  as for saving time and money ? 
  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/costs-death-penalty it actually costs more to have people executed . 
  the only way to make it cost less is to remove all the checks and appeals , thus further increasing the percentage of innocents that must die so you can have your blood thirst satisfied . 
  you 're not winning this argument . 
  numbers and logic are n't on your side . 
  only emotions such as revenge and anger are at your side . 
  if that 's the basis you want our nations to be run on , that 's your problem . 
  i 'd rather we take the humanitarian and rational approach . 
  christian morals have absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  you 're better suited to living in the middle ages than the world we want to build now . 
  first of all demographics are n't being replaced , any speculation about number of kids and how europeans will be a minority in two centuries is fucking garbage . 
  demographics have always changed and the current migration patterns are n't any different than the countless others throughout history . 
  furthermore demographic changes can only be viewed as `` constructive '' or `` destructive ' if they are viewed from the lens of ultra-nationalism where race and religion place a central role and any kind of mingling , `` alteration '' or tainting is viewed as something destructive that must be prevented . 
  otherwise it makes absolutely no sense to even use the term `` replacing demographics '' , since nothing is getting replaced ( or is anyone taking you out of your home and replacing you with abdul ? 
  ) , it 's demographics as per usual , as per how it has always been throughout history . 
  this is nothing new and it is nothing to worry about . 
  unless you 're some purist that thinks his race is the best and must be conserved at all costs . 
  i have to explain why the far right is bad ? 
  the far right thinks that the way to solve this is by demonizing certain minorities and excluding them even more from society . 
  they think that the way to solve this is to become more isolationist and view people with more distrust . 
  the problem with this viewpoint ? 
  muslims are already a part of our reality , of our country . 
  many are citizens just like you , they are n't out to bomb you or rape you , they 're just living their lives . 
  if you think being more hostile towards them or excluding and marginalizing them is going to be a good thing , boy you 're in for a surprise . 
  far right parties pretty much work on the concept of ignoring reality and substituting it with one where things can be `` great again '' and minorities which are usually also the poorest and most vulnerable members of society are to blame for every ill of the country . 
  do i really need to explain why that is divisive and destructive ? 
  why it wo n't really solve the problems that our nations are facing ? 
  or how about simply the fact that `` replacing demographics '' is pretty much a made up issue that is supposed to somehow ruin europe two centuries from now ? 
  i 'll give you that . 
  but historically speaking the subset you are referring to ( racist criminals ) tends to explode once the far right gains a foothold over power . 
  for the very obvious reason that parties like that not only excuse or even indirectly encourage such behavior , they will refuse to hold those people accountable in the best case , or even push them further in their behavior in the worst case . 
  i can already see the excuses and justifications `` well , this would n't have happened if it were n't for the evil left letting all these criminals roam our streets !! '' . 
  you get my point . 
  yeah . 
  i am seriously implying the far right is bad . 
  wow . 
  truly a staggering concept for you to comprehend . 
  you think the refugees are bad but you 're willing to hand over power to a bunch of extremely destructive people that will do nothing more than divide and exacerbate problems . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm implying it 's bad in the modern context , especially in the modern context .
