  adding new data , it appears , has little impact on the overall pattern '' https://ourworldindata.org/visualhistoryof/violence.html#/8 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/violent_crime_rates_by_gender_1973-2003.jpg estimations like these support what i 'm saying . 
  knowledge based on ignorance and a sense of superiority of having figured it all out . 
  great . 
  hint : the graph claims `` indictable offences ** known to the police ** '' i 'm sorry but looking at historic trends clearly shows a drop in violence . 
  whether police knows about crime or not depends a lot on how effective the police force is , and you can bet your ass it 's magnitudes more effective today in the uk than it used to be in the 1990 's . 
  i do n't know how you can seriously think the world used to be a safer place back in the beginning of the 20 ` th century . 
  you had 2 of the most destructive wars mankind has ever seen in the first half of the 20 ` th century and you claim the world was more peaceful . 
  what you think is some unveiling of a great truth that you have been privy too is nothing more than a complete lack of any common sense . 
  the executioner does n't necessarily refer to the death punishment , it 's rather a metaphor for the law and the rule of law . 
  these islamists you 're so sure need to be punished by death do not fear death , not the real ones anyway , they view themselves as martyrs , they blow themselves up willingly for god 's sake . 
  you think death punishment is going to solve the problem ? 
  it 's not going to solve the problem . 
  i 'd rather have them humiliated and imprisoned for life rather than give them martyr status by giving them the opportunity to give their lives for their faith . 
  this is ignoring all the other countless arguments i have against it . 
  i 'm saying that even if i do n't take everything else into consideration , i still think it 's a shit solution . 
  to give another example . 
  the death penalty used to be a big part of most societies until not too long ago , yet , crime and violence were much more widespread than they are now . 
  it 's obvious it does n't work , so why do you think that regressing back to it is a good thing ? 
  you may think the world is violent now and that our survival is in danger , but it 's less in danger than it probably ever was , your chances of being a victim of violence are magnitudes smaller than when the death penalty used to be the norm in every country . 
  that 's because as i 've said , the term has been abused countless times throughout history , understand where others are coming from before accusing them of justifying murder . 
   you appear more alarmed by the people trying to prevent islamists from killing us than you are alarmed by the actual islamists you might not like our agree with my answer , but the reason i am more alarmed by the people `` trying to prevent it '' is because i fundamentally disagree with the way some people are trying to prevent it , which is by making extremely generalizing and blanket statements such as `` enemies of the nation '' to justify murder , something that we have abolished a long time ago and has nothing to do with the eu . 
  furthermore , i think statements such as these are extremely reactionary in nature and they do n't actually address the source of the problem and they are not in fact actual solutions , they simply come from a place of emotion and anger more specifically . 
  speech like this often boils down to revenge , not actual rational solutions to the problems that we 're objectively facing . 
  that 's the problem i have with your post and that 's why i 'm alarmed , because i think our own extremism and anger has the potential of causing way more damage than any foreign element . 
  for the last two centuries , the biggest danger to europe was europe itself , specifically ultra-nationalism and xenophobia . 
  denying this is denying history , and refusing to understand why people are alarmed by speech that can lead in that direction because it 's unpatriotic or whatever is simply falling into the same trap we 've been in more than once in the past centuries . 
  we have the potential of being the biggest danger to ourselves , not some nutjobs blowing themselves up . 
  the consequences of being lead by fear and anger can lead to way more devastation than what we 're seeing today . 
   there is nothing more reasonable or rational than ensuring your own survival . 
  what a great way of justifying your own position . 
  this is exactly what i was talking about . 
  speech based on massive amounts of fear and anger . 
  the trade balance that germany has inside the eu is almost close to 0 . 
  which means they import almost exactly as much as they export . 
  everyone profited , not just germans , but they 're everyone 's favorite scapegoat nowadays . 
  people have always had . 
  this knack of blaming others for their own problems . 
  yeah i 'm sure that has nothing to do with the structural reforms they did . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  everything good about germany is because they leech off the eu , everything bad the eu or its member states are going through is because of germany . 
  did i get this right according to you ? 
  blaming others your shortcomings sure is nice , it leaves no room for that nasty self responsibility . 
  if you ca n't see the danger of using a blanket term such as `` nations of our enemy '' without any criteria or even worse , using discrimination to only include certain categories , then you are fucking insane . 
  the point i was making is that unless you define a fair and very strict and exact concept of what that means , a lot of things can fall under that huge umbrella term , and you might not like it if you or others that do n't deserve it fall under it . 
  but i 'm guessing you 're so sure in your fervor that what you 're saying is for the good of our nations that you refuse to consider the implications . 
  until things calm down and people take a more rational look at what 's happening , any kind of discourse based on `` enemies of the nation '' that is n't very fairly and clearly defined should alarm people . 
  if it does n't , then you might have to study some history , as this term has been abused countless times . 
  i 'm not really seeing what you 're saying . 
  trying to address some serious structural issues in certain member states is not expecting everyone to blindly emulate . 
  you 're just blowing it out of proportion because it suits your worldview of big bad germany bullying other countries . 
  it did n't open outward . 
  people are allowed by law to apply for asylum and we ca n't just turn them all away on the whim that `` hey only half may actually be refugees '' . 
  so what we have to do is receive the requests and sort them out , which is what we 're fucking doing . 
  i wish this subject would die already along with the tonnes of misinformation that comes with it . 
  nobody `` invited '' immigrants , nobody wants to see illegal immigration , the actual camps are divided between `` let 's see which are which and help the ones that actually need it '' and `` let 's turn them all away because some of them are n't really refugees '' . 
  the camp that the far right invented which is `` let 's receive every muslim and let them rape our children '' is just one big scarecrow . 
  yeah , so ? 
  you think it 's reasonable to blame the failure of the government you elected on the eu ? 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  you were lied to , that much is true , but the government represents you first and foremost , they are responsible towards you , and nations always bear the burden of the actions of their government . 
  blaming the eu is absolutely useless and damaging . 
  the greek people as a whole need to make better choices and be less tolerant towards populism and corruption . 
  it 's not the eu 's duty to insure your government represents you fairly , it 's yours . 
  the only one trying to blackmail was the greek government . 
  it 's the whole damn reason they made the referendum , how can you be so blind to that ? 
  the referendum was supposed to be their silver ( but actually shit ) bullet that they could use to squeeze what they wanted out of the eu . 
  then , predictably , the other nations did n't play ball and did n't want to give up to the blackmail , making tsipras realize how much of an utter fail his plan was and ultimately admitting a shameful defeat . 
  this is exactly how things happened . 
  but people like to live in a fantasy world . 
  tsipras tried to use the referendum to blackmail the eu , it did n't work , so he signed an even worse deal . 
  i love how sure you are that the country would 've been better off today had they went into bankruptcy . 
  it 's not my fault you use propagandistic and leading language such as `` enemies of our nation '' and proposing death penalty on unclear criteria for an unclear category of people . 
  i ask you again , how exactly do you want to define these `` enemies of our nation '' ? 
  strictly terrorists ? 
  people that commit crimes on religious motives ? 
  only muslims ? 
  answer and i wo n't have to interpret . 
  i was talking strictly about the fact that gdp growth is already factored in and it 's still not looking good . 
  they ca n't just rack up infinite debt . 
  debt for a nation is n't bad , it just has to be sustainable . 
  in fact , having no debt is usually a sign of things being seriously wrong . 
  what makes the difference is whether the debt is raked up for investments and such or paying for unsustainable programs . 
  it 's not like the quality of healthcare is that much better in the usa that it 's literally life and death . 
  the vast majority of procedures can be done just as well in spain , the difference is that you 're not left to live with a $ 200.000 bill afterwards . 
  i think most people would rather take that extra 0.1 % chance of dying than have to bankrupt themselves . 
  that does n't help when the ratio is still going up despite gdp growth , it pretty much means debt is racking up faster than growth , so going by that trend , in 10 years the ratio is only going to get worse . 
  what i question is your worldview in which you would probably consider every muslim an enemy combatant if it were up to you or people as idiotic as you . 
  that 's why i asked who and how it gets decided . 
  do fundamentalist christians that cause violence fit in there as well ? 
  but i 'm guessing by your answer that it boils down to muslims and that 's about it . 
  also , did the eu take away the death penalty ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most countries abolished it without the eu or way before joining . 
  and who exactly gets to decide which people are our nations enemies ? 
  i 'm guessing it should be people with your worldview . 
  should it only be limited to muslims ? 
  should it apply to corrupt politicians ? 
  should it apply to minorities only ? 
  as far as i know relapse rates in norway are much smaller than in most other countries , so what they 're doing is working better than the classical approach of negative reinforcement . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4472929/ or should i get out of here with my facts and stuff ? 
  no , that 's not a justification to `` keep letting poor people in '' , that 's a good justification to help refugees once they turn out to be , you know , actual refugees .
