  sure , people were very unhappy for a few years , but now we 're back to having 4 % + gdp growth , the salaries were raised back to original levels , taxes are now being cut lower and so on , while greece is still in a huge hole . 
  what ? 
  natural means : existing in or derived from nature , or in accordance with the nature of , or circumstances surrounding , someone or something . 
  rape is natural , it occurs in nature and it is derived from nature , it is based on instinct and it is not something that was always a punishable crime . 
  do you think all those tribes that lived in europe had laws against it ? 
  most of them raped others for fun . 
  homo sapiens used to live here with neanderthals at one point , do you think they had laws against rape ? 
  lol . 
  natural is not what a society decides , `` normal '' may be what society decides , but natural is just something that occurs naturally . 
  you may be confusing `` normal '' with `` natural '' . 
  you ca n't just call anything you agree with natural and everything you do n't agree with unnatural lol . 
  what ? 
  do you think europe was always like today ? 
  rape is natural because it happens in nature and humans have done it for millenia . 
  men did n't always ask women nicely to dates , there was in fact a time when humans used to rape other humans often , or kill each other . 
  europe used to be way more tribal , wars were constant , barbarians were everywhere , people used to die all the time and in large numbers . 
  pillaging and raping happened all the time . 
  it was all natural , but was it good ? 
  it was good we moved past such behavior . 
  it 's not like extremism is something new . 
  in fact it used to be much worse back in the day . 
  access to information educates way more people than it brainwashes others . 
  usually the brainwashed ones suffer from severe mental illness . 
  so how 's that gold coming along ? 
  does this [ proof ] ( http://www.segodnya.ua/regions/donetsk/v-lugansk-voshla-kolonna-voennoy-tehniki-est-grady-i-pushki-712545.html ) not satisfy you ? 
  rape is natural . 
  is rape good ? 
  just because things are natural does n't make them good . 
  in fact , many things that are natural are pretty bad for an advanced species to keep doing . 
  really ? 
  you still want everyone to be inside of their little nation states by the year 21016 ? 
   you are probably not aware that in some former yugoslavian lands , the population affiliation has flipped within 200 years . 
  from 10 % muslim to 90 % muslim . 
  maybe you 've heard of this thing called the ottoman empire . 
  the refugee crisis is just like that . 
  solid arguments bro . 
   and here you fall into the fallacy of the individual versus the population . 
  you ca n't choose individuals into your fictional society - you would have to accept the whole distributions with both tails and the horn ( s ) . 
  there are no individual japanese - if ( s ) he is an individual , then ( s ) he is not a japanese . 
  and vice versa . 
  what you call as individuals are actually internationalists , the equivalent of the soviet people ( and soviet culture ) . 
  it was to illustrate the fact that people with common values are n't tied to a particular nation . 
   tyranny of the majority is almost always better than the tyranny of the minority . 
  by majority here i mean the natives . 
  except there is n't any tyranny of the minority , it 's representative-democracy . 
  you just do n't like some of the recently made decisions so you 've decided that it must be some fascist organization . 
  which is absolutely laughable . 
  not everyone shares your ideas , in fact , a majority of the population does n't share your ideas , so maybe that 's why you 're not getting what you want . 
  i bet you 're the kind of person that is willing to ignore that though just to get what they want . 
  so you think the eu is like the soviet union . 
  yeah it 's clear . 
  your views have nothing to do with reality , just a fictional world you made up in your head where the refugee crisis is anything like the ethnic cleansing russia did in certain regions . 
  ethnic cleansing does n't involve killing , it 's usually done through population transfers . 
  otherwise it 's genocide . 
  normal immigration is something totally different that does n't have any end game or intention like ethnic cleansing does . 
  i do n't think immigration is the solution either . 
  but there 's a long way from that to thinking that it 's some great existential threat we must all rally behind . 
   this said , i have no support for countries like hungary or now poland limiting their democratic rights . 
  this has nothing to do with immigration problems anyway . 
  they 're very related . 
  i wish people would stop being blind to that simply because they agree with some of the views these people are peddling . 
  they vote for the far right because they 're the only ones that are willing to say what they want to hear , that we wo n't take no muslims , without thinking of further consequences . 
  one has nothing to do with the other , yet it does , these parties are using nationalism to rally people behind them but once they get into power all they do is undermine democracy , so people should be way more careful when they decide to throw votes their way simply because they like what they 're saying about immigrants . 
   yet not open to mass immigration again this just not true and it was never some goal on its own to have mass immigration like this . 
  the situation was generated by a crisis , under international laws we are at least required to admit people claiming they are refugees and then check if their claims hold true . 
  if we refuse to do that we 'd be blatantly disregarding basic human rights and the laws we have decided to live by . 
  so what are we doing then ? 
  well exactly what we 're bound by law to do , we 're checking which of them really are refugees and which are n't and we go from there . 
  i for one do n't see what 's oh so wrong with that and i ca n't buy all the conspiracy theories either . 
   and i agree that eastern europeans would not bring down the eu with their immigration , yet you have to consider the sheer amount of immigrants coming out of africa and the middle east lately . 
  and these are way more problematic people than eastern europeans with similar culture to western europeans as they have a violent religion and often lack decent education . 
  lots of racists and far righters were saying romanians and bulgarians are going to all move to the west to rape steal and murder . 
  it was n't that different than it is now . 
  the mechanisms were the same , you had a small minority of people committing crimes in the west , the news picks up these cases and widely broadcasts them , making them seem like big issues . 
  then people react and form a perception based on what they see in the news , drawing very generalized conclusions such as all romanians are just gypsies or thieves etc. 
  this stereotype still exists . 
  you throw in some stats showing how these people are against western european values and you 're set . 
  the mechanism is the same with immigrants as well , you have some of them committing crimes , everyone makes a huge deal out of it , they generalize it to the whole population and now suddenly `` they '' as some unitary group that all act and think the same are n't refugees anymore , they 're just criminals coming to rape people . 
  then you can easily dismiss them and make them all out to be profiteering savages so you can justify your discrimination against them . 
  i agree that what the soviet union was selling was not in fact communism , but for practical purposes its easier to name it as such . 
  communism aka the highly authoritarian and imperialistic regime of the soviet union is what fucked estonia up and much of the former eastern bloc . 
  be it through economic planning or ethnic cleansing . 
  in any case it was n't `` immigration '' , as immigration is something very different from an empire ethnically cleansing another nation . 
   at any rate , with 24 million speakers , your particular from of vulgar latin is far from endangered . 
  at any rate , the threat to the vast majority of european nations is non-existent . 
  france has literally hundreds of millions of people speaking its language and yet many of them vote for le pen buying up the bullshit that their culture is under threat or that it 's going to disappear in a couple of centuries . 
   so do mine . 
  values have fuck all to do with what anyone else here is talking about . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  values have a lot to do with what we 're talking about here . 
  if your values truly reside in those things then you would realize that there 's nothing rational or egalitarian in not respecting international and national laws that we have adhered to simply because we do n't like that we have to apply them in certain cases . 
  sure dude . 
  some guy in japan involves some random fictional japanese man that i might share more in common with than with a far righter , it does n't imply having more in common with the state of japan or its insular traditions nor with some cultural identity you perceive as them having . 
  i swear you 're like a cult at this point with your cultural identity talk . 
  i 'm not a part of any kind of cultural imperialist movement and what i consider my values are extremely far away from actually being mainstream , as evidenced by this very topic and many others . 
  my values lay in rationality , equality and freedom to be in a way that does not harm others , which have nothing to do with what 's mainstream , as most people think with their hearts and emotions rather than their heads , they want equality only when it suits them and they want freedom to be assholes rather freedom for everyone else . 
  strawman 's are what you 're constructing by saying things like diversity being a goal of its own . 
  diversity was never a goal on its own of any eu state or of the eu as an institution , it is a natural consequence of more inclusiveness , a rapidly globalizing world and an openness towards others . 
  i remember how much people bitched about eastern european nations being accepted in the eu . 
  lo ' and behold , the eu did n't collapse because of us and we did n't all move into the uk as nigel farage famously claimed at one point .
