  for example the biggest problem in the me is the fact that it was ruled by one authoritarian asshole to the next , their institutions were so weak that they were always going to be one dictator away from plunging into chaos , you just ca n't have secularization in such an environment . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  people should realize we 'd be much better off working together on important shit like that , because it 's important for everyone in the eu . 
  a more integrated eu would be much better equipped to compete in the world on all fronts . 
  actually that pretty much is supporting , isis does need money . 
  not sure if it 's actually true though . 
  the answer is for eu countries to cooperate better with each other , the thing is a lot of our problems would be solved by having more joint institutions that operate on an eu level , the problem is that people do n't really want more integration , they want less , which is a shame because we could function much better if we 'd actually work as one . 
  there are lots of irrational beliefs in the world , but removing religion certainly wo n't make people more irrational . 
  that 's all . 
  also how can you say that a society does n't become more rational when it 's secular , that 's blatantly falls , the secular world is more rational than any religious counterpart . 
   you are not only legitimizing racism but forcing people to be racist . 
  wow . 
  i can get hating an idea , the problem with your little theory is that a lot of people even around here hate the people as well , not just the idea . 
  so about what you said , you can blow it out your ass because that 's some stinky bullshit . 
  to be fair we all have grown a lot in eastern europe . 
  i mean the reason most do n't want refugees is because they hate muslims , so let 's be honest here , i do n't think europe would have a such a big problem with greek refugees or something . 
  you 're concerned for people that are doing much better than you are . 
  i swear , you 'd think countries like sweden are literally warzones by now considering how much you bitch about it . 
  for a long time people used to think they 're freaks of nature that mock our good ol' christian values and are destroying our way of being . 
  i mean just look at what russia is doing with banning `` gay propaganda '' and you 'll get it . 
  you 're just not understanding what i 'm saying , i said that if they were to meet the standards their interests would start aligning too . 
  do n't confuse erdogan 's government with what the people from istanbul want for example . 
  if they achieve the standards and put themselves on a path of converge with the rest of the eu , the point is that their `` interests '' will pretty much start to align with most european ones . 
  it 's about consolidating democracy which is pretty much a very good thing that brings about things like secularism , economic growth etc. 
  it 's pretty much what 's happening here in romania as well . 
  a lot of people in rural turkey are religious zealots , they 're the biggest voting base for erdogan . 
  he might 've had majority support some time ago , but i 'm pretty sure he does n't now and most people from istanbul or ankara hate him . 
  well , apparently we hold ourselves to higher standards than the saudis and respect the international conventions we sign . 
  it 's not so black and white . 
  yeah you 're wrong if you think it 's the same thing as what 's happening in the usa or europe . 
  if someone here said that democracy has to take a back seat he would n't even get 1 % of the votes . 
  authoritarian parties always end up stealing their fair bunch after getting in power so good luck with that . 
  people should be finding for better alternatives , not vote for a far right party in the hopes that `` it 'll turn out ok , they 're good guys '' . 
  romania has no need for russian gas , we can cover almost 100 % of our needs by domestic means . 
  we do n't have that many economic ties with russia so they ca n't really pressure us using those methods . 
  our biggest weakness is corruption and always was , so it 's very good that we 're fighting it so hard now as it 's a very big security vulnerability . 
  we had a lot of emigration too , but this is natural , people that ca n't really make ends meet at home often choose to go abroad because labor is way better compensated . 
  this is n't necessarily such a bad thing , a lot of them will come back once living standards increase and they see they have a chance at a good life at home . 
  a lot of romanian expats miss home and would come back if things improved . 
  you mentioned massive immigration so that 's why i asked , i think you worry way too much about it . 
   we share some strategic interests . 
  we really do . 
  romania is very pro nato and eu and we 're very suspicious of russia and putin , we 're not blinded by him nor dependent on russia so our countries have very strong shared interests . 
  until now corruption was extremely big so it was hard to really move forward , but now we 're fighting very hard against it and most people are absolutely incredulous of how far we 've come in recent years . 
  do you really get so much immigration in poland ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
   crisis slowed us down a bit , for a while , but there was n't recession . 
  still amazing . 
  politicians must have been doing at least something right , so i do n't know . 
  i get it regarding the high standards though , even in romania some people are starting to expect things to be like in the west , but that is impossible for at least another couple of decades , we missed the starting gun when the race began and now we 're way behind , even though we caught some speed recently . 
  you 're right , i do n't know that much about poland , but if this is true then it is worrying and you should n't ignore it or just lay down and take it . 
  anyway , i 'm not sure why people are so dissatisfied in poland , because on the outside you were always given as a very positive example of how well you managed eu funds and achieved a lot of economic growth in a relatively short time , not even the global economic crisis managed to stop your economic growth even though it rolled back ours , so to us you look like a case of things done right . 
  actually when you joined the eu you did agree to uphold rule of law , so when that 's in danger the eu has every right to criticize and make threats , although until now these `` threats '' are pretty much just people criticizing the new gov and nothing more . 
  article 18 freedom of belief and religion literally in the declaration of human rights . 
  they fuck with the constitutional court and with the [ press ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35257105 ) and you think it 's just a coincidence ? 
  these are standard playbook moves towards increased authoritarianism and if they keep going in this direction they may actually damage democracy in poland . 
  i do n't know why you want to ignore all of this like it means nothing , any usurpation of democratic institutions and the rule of law should be very high on the list of people 's concerns , for the polish people the most of all of course , but eu citizens ca n't be indifferent either . 
  also , painting anyone that draws a signal of alarm over this as `` hysteric leftist media '' is bullshit and it 's propagandistic , it 's not a valid argument nor is it honest discourse . 
  so you really think that your country is as poorly run as greece ? 
  bummer , i was sure canada is far ahead . 
  you 're delusional , whomever was going to vote for him already supports him , independents , democrats and even some republicans would never support him and would vote for anyone but him . 
  people are saying that pis is taking steps to erode said liberal democracy , not that poland is already a dictatorship . 
  the concerns are legit considering some of the moves they seem to pull . 
  you mean communism ? 
  would you be pissed if other countries criticized our communist leaders ? 
  a government can be criticized by others whether it 's democratically elected or not . 
  the problem is that most of / r/europe is now far right , so people agree with this because islam = bad and we need to keep them in line . 
  people are talking about building codes and completely disregard religious freedom which is an important aspect of freedom of speech and basic human rights . 
  we 're not nearly at that level yet though , although we are closer to politicians not mattering that much , we still do depend on them a fair bit . 
  you 're ignoring lots of centuries of power struggles to get to the point of the industrial revolution and most of it had very little to do with people questioning shit and almost nothing to do with innovation , which only really began during the industrial revolution . 
  it had a lot to do with elites below the king obtaining more power and fighting for the limitation of the king 's authority which ultimately culminated in rise of the parliament which kept the king 's power in check and ultimately made it so nobody could oppose the industrial revolution , even though groups did try to stop it . 
  the industrial revolution could only happen in the context in which political power was distributed widely enough so that a semblance of what we call democracy could exist . 
  the broadening of the distribution of political power started with elites just below the king obtaining more power in feudal times . 
  the common man did n't have a lot to do with it . 
  then the distribution broadened even more after lower , but still elite classes started lobbying hard for more power , like powerful merchants . 
  ultimately the most limiting institution of the king 's authority became the parliament , made out of guess who ? 
  politicians , most of whom were rich land owners at first . 
  the industrial revolution could only happen when the king 's authority had become limited enough to allow it to happen and modern political institutions were in place . 
  oh , do tell why the industrial revolution happened in europe , i 'm sure you have no clue why or how , but i 'm also sure you 're going to have a pretty stubborn opinion about it , so let 's hear it . 
  you 're right in what you said in what gives a country prosperity , but i do n't agree with your conclusion . 
  politics plays a huge role . 
  politicians are the ones that make or break corruption , shape institutions and ensure the rule of law , whether you like it or not . 
  political institutions to be more precise , but they are made out of politicians obviously . 
  there 's also one last condition that you did n't make clear , the institutions do n't just have to be strong , they have to be inclusive as well . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the guys that make the laws and build the administration of the country have no bearing in how well a country functions , nope , it 's just them ol' cultural values . 
  are you stupid or something ? 
  lots of countries have nice cultures and they 're still poor as fuck . 
  culture also evolves if the country evolves economically and politically . 
  europeans are n't so nice because we 're white or something , we 've become so secular because of the industrial revolution and the consolidation of democracy and human rights . 
  the french still had to fight and spill blood for their freedom and democracy , fortunate history or not . 
  of course it 's a lot of luck in the end , but some countries realized faster than others that to have a functioning state power and wealth needs to be more equally distributed and authority must be limited . 
  in hungary for example the reverse is happening now , the elite are getting rich through bribes and orban is trying to get more and more control over the country and they use the migrant crisis as tools to fool the nation into letting them do it . 
  yeah , that 's all he has . 
  but apparently that 's all people care about nowadays , defending from that 500 migrants is more important than tackling shit like corruption that funnels billions of euros from the citizens to line the pockets of the elites . 
  no , just ignorance most often . 
  the guy that started the comment chain is a fellow romanian , he 's a fucking dumb ass that is scared of people that will never and would never stay in our country . 
  our problems range from being the 2 ` nd poorest country in the eu , to massive corruption , no infrastructure , corrupt , inefficient and shit healthcare and educational systems and so on . 
  but no , a few hundred refugees will ruin this country . 
  it 's just fucking ignorance and stupidity based on nothing more but irrational fear of something that will have almost zero effect on us while there are dozens of very real problems . 
  yeah , let eastern europe worry about invading migrants when we actually have the living standards you guys have in the west .
