  that means he performed worse than the average of the market . 
  i do n't even wan na take away his achievements , he 's very good at communication and playing the media game , as in , he has great success with a certain segment of the us population , his wealth is mostly tied to that , his `` brand '' , but it means jack shit when having to deal with putin 's russia . 
  enforcing this by law however is really not something you should want . 
  it 's pretty hard to prove if a certain statement is a lie or if it was said with malice , that 's why i said that in an ideal world the voters themselves will make the difference and vote accordingly . 
  why not both ? 
  it 's usually the case with these people . 
  on one hand they believe their lies and delusions , but on the other hand they 're also hopped up on so much hate towards what they perceive to be the other side that believing those lies becomes even easier . 
  the eu is probably the most consumer friendly institution in all of the world except maybe some nordic governments . 
  and they do let us vote directly for the ep , but when only 30 % of the people go vote then they ca n't complain they are n't represented . 
  in a perfect world , this does n't need to be forbidden nor should it be , because the people will be well educated enough to differentiate between demagoguery and actual substance . 
   it is as if comparative analysis of things is suddenly a bad thing to do just because people kept repeating whatabaoutism over and over again until they saw it everywhere . 
  not my fault that it is the go to argument of every person trying to defend russia ever . 
   if i was actually trying to whatabout , i would just start posting casualties from us bombings in syria , or better yet , just drone strikes ; so , exactly what you just did ? 
   to even insinuate that russia is responsible for the refugee crisis through their bombings is ridiculous . 
  let me see , people are fleeing because assad is killing his own citizens , who props up assad ? 
  what does russia do ? 
  bomb the shit out of said civilians . 
  yeah . 
  no responsibility whatsoever . 
  / s now tell me more about what the us does or does not do , i hear that the more you try to change the conversation about the us , the more the very fabric of reality starts to alter in such a way as to make russia not responsible for all the thousands airstrikes over civilian areas and deaths of said civilians , resulting in a massive humanitarian crisis . 
   re-read our discussion , it was my point that the us should n't be judged simply by their assistance and actions of their allies . 
  false . 
  your point was that russia is n't to blame because they merely bomb the shit out of assad 's opposition and nothing more . 
  you tried to justify your point by saying the us is n't blamed for the abuse of saudi arabia 's government either , which is just classic whataboutism and not even true , since the us is definitely not bombing saudi civilians on saudi arabia 's behalf . 
  yeah , which was an accident . 
  russia is actively targeting civilians , but do n't let that bother you , just revert back to what you were taught , whenever russia is called out you just have to point out all the bad things the us does . 
  that 's what they teach you anyway . 
  i see this same pattern repeated every day by all the rt , sputnik , breitbart and `` alt '' news reading right wingers that are suddenly in love with putin . 
  if you really want to defend russia , maybe defend them on their own merit instead of always reverting back to `` but the us '' . 
  it 's called whataboutism and it 's just another tool of ussr propaganda , nowadays they seem to teach it through all of these `` alt '' news sources , while gullible westerns actually eat it up and believe the us and russia are anywhere near the same level of fucked up . 
  is the us bombing civilians in saudi arabia that are fighting against the abusive regime ? 
  because russia is doing that in syria . 
   russia merely supports a government with air strikes and limited activity , you can not connect russian support with assad 's will for total war . 
  so russia actively supporters the government that does all of those things . 
  much better . 
  not outright , but i would bet my left nut that if all the nationalists would get their way , dismantle the eu and get in power in their respective countries , it would n't take long until tensions between european nations would start appearing again . 
  awww shucks , do n't sell yourself short , russia has a bunch of great hackers . 
  found the nazi fan . 
  only if you narrow down your definition a lot , otherwise tensions between the christian and muslim world are nothing new . 
  and you 're just being unreasonable of what you expect from them , completely out of proportion with what you seem to expect from other nations and the standards at which you hold them . 
  worst of all is that you use absolutism to justify it , but when it comes to our fair share of responsibility , things are n't absolute , they are relative . 
  the west overall pollutes even more than china but with a smaller population , but i do n't see you calling for one child policies here or extreme measures to be taken . 
  those are different kinds of unpredictable from russia attacking ukraine . 
  most people do n't have that mentality , not even in the west , altho it 's the most prevalent here . 
  i wish people would move towards that though instead of becoming more isolationist and tribal . 
  i 'm realistic , but what 's realistic today does n't necessarily mean it 's also `` good '' . 
  what politicians like farage are doing certainly does n't help . 
  you 're right , but it 's also true that nobody thought they would attack ukraine in 2013 . 
  authoritarian-militaristic states ca n't be trusted to act predictably . 
  in depends on whether your vision for humanity is stuck in the old paradigm of tribes fighting against each other or realizing we 're all stuck on one planet that wo n't hesitate to shake us all off like a bunch of fleas if we fuck it up too bad . 
  if your vision is the former , then territoriality is not very good because it leads to conflict , sometimes real and sometimes imagined , like all the alt-righters talking about the muslim invasion and pretending like europe is a fortress under siege . 
  no , he 's just a cunt that is using immigrants as scapegoats in order to get votes . 
  he 's basically tapping into the fears and territoriality/tribalistic nature that people have and exploiting it for political purposes . 
  it 's disgusting and i 'm sorry you do n't see that . 
  i mean , an empire is as dictatorship as it gets in most cases . 
  while that 's true , the average salary in bucharest is about 700 lei above any other place , which is more than enough to compensate for higher rent . 
  it 's not like rent is that much higher compared to other major cities either , in fact it 's cheaper than cluj-napoca , which has a smaller average salary . 
  we 're talking about people that already live in france . 
  denying their kids the right to an education with create a caste of completely uneducated and unintegrated people that will resort to crime . 
  but i suppose that 's exactly what le pen and her supporters want to see . 
  another argument i 've seen made by her supporters is that they 're already all a bunch of criminals anyway so it 's ok . how hateful do you have to be to support these insane notions ? 
  the right to an education is part of democracy . 
  not punishing people for the crimes of others is part of democracy . 
   having a high population is just as problematic as having a high consumption , and in both cases we should expect efforts to reduce it . 
  you do realize china has implemented unheard of measures to do just that right ? 
  one child policy ? 
  which , even if true , is still way better and less despicable than taking away the rights of children to an education for the sins of their fathers . 
  if you ca n't see that maybe you do n't understand this thing called democracy where we do n't punish people for the crimes of others , but what we can do is not vote for someone , it 's called free speech , but you seem to not like it when people tell you stuff you do n't want to hear . 
  i 'm also not tricking anyone , nothing of what i said is in any way false , maybe you can combat what i said with actual arguments instead of thinking i 'm trying to `` trick '' people . 
  lol . 
  what the actual fuck is wrong with you people . 
  how is it `` off-topic '' to talk about that ? 
  is n't that what people in this thread supporting this measure want to do ? 
  they want to take away the rights of the children , thus punishing them , for a crime committed by their father . 
  if you would know anything about basic democracy you would understand why that is fundamentally wrong , but i 'm guessing your taste lies with authoritarianism . 
   also how is not teaching illegal immigrants `` making a group of criminals that live outside of society '' they are already that . 
  are you saying they 're all a bunch of criminals ? 
  racism is so 1930 's . 
   `` its her father '' whats that about the sins of the father again ? 
  except that i 'm not proposing taking away any rights of mrs. 
  le pen 's , unless you consider `` not voting for her '' as somehow infringing upon her rights ( maybe you do ) . 
   your dad smuggling you over the border and being sent back with him and your dad commiting a crime unrelated to you and being punished lol nice try moving the goalpost . 
  that is n't even the subject of the discussion . 
  the subject of discussion is taking away the children 's right to an education , not deporting them , which already happens . 
  you do know there 's a difference between a state being held liable and an individual right ? 
  a state is by its nature a constant entity that does n't die or have sons , representing people from all generations , you can not separate the liability of a state from the people born after the fact , the state is society as a whole . 
  in contrast , the right 's and obligations of an individual are theirs alone , and punishment is only exacted on those who are guilty , it is a basic principle of democracy . 
  if your country received a loan of a billion euros , it has to pay it back even if it takes 30 years , because the state is viewed as a unitary institution that does n't cease to exist and is n't `` reborn '' with each generation , but rather the state is a continuum that ecompasses past , present and future generations . 
  that is not the same as punishing the son for the crime of his father , it would be the same if we 'd start hanging the son 's of nazi 's for the crimes of their fathers , which is why i asked , do you think we should start jailing or punishing the son 's of people that were a part of the nazi party ? 
  wow . 
  what a lovely way of looking at the world . 
  so by that logic , are the son 's of germany guilty as well and deserve to get punished for the nazi past of their parents ? 
  how far does this go exactly ? 
  how many generations must we punish for the sins of their fathers ? 
   this is a very rational decision if you want to make it less attractive for foreigners to move to your country to leech on your welfare ( limit said welfare for illegal immigrants ) . 
  instead they deem this proposal as `` evil '' and post emotional drivel about how this will limit `` integration '' except that if you would actually think about it and move past the `` it sounds good '' part , you would realize that the results would be absolutely terrible for society , you would create a class of completely uneducated undesirables that will have to resort to crime just to survive , that 's what would realistically happen . 
  it 's a very cold and cynical way of looking at this problem to claim that it will discourage immigration and thus it is rational and good . 
  except that in this case it 's her father we 're talking about , not some historical figure that lived 200 years ago . 
  is it really impossible for you wrap your head around the fact that maybe , just maybe , the fn really is a far right party ? 
  the fact that they have only moved a little closer to the center in recent years does n't make suddenly make them moderates , it just means they did the math and realized that they can get way more votes if they made a small effort to veil their nature a little , even though it 's still very obvious what they are doing to a lot of people .
