  that 's some twisted logic you 're using there to not like the guy . 
  the corruption of our politics in romania does n't really reflect on what liberal democracy is about . 
  nice strawmen you have there . 
  hint : it 's also why your original comment has been downvoted . 
  the guy was a liberal democrat , what 's your point ? 
  i mean i think it 's safe to say most attackers are pretty brainwashed and fucked in the head . 
  normal people do n't go around stabbing random people , no matter their religion . 
  you just seem to have an axe to grind against establishment politicians , but you can hardly say anything about europe today is `` totalitarian '' and very few are federalist fanatics . 
  not even close . 
  pretty run-of-the-mill political party . 
  look at pru if you want to see an example . 
  he was n't just referring to the far right , he was referring to both the far left and the far right , which are way more similar than either would admit , the political spectrum is a circle , not a line , like some people have noted . 
  it all boils down to authoritarianism really , fueled by a purist ideology that is really harmful for society in the long run . 
  as for your question , why is the far right targeted more ? 
  well , because the far right has always been more of an issue in the west , especially in western europe . 
  even now , the alt-right is way more popular than the far-left , and i would argue they are way more dangerous too . 
  just go and check out subreddits like the_donald or sites like breitbart , people openly talk about violence if their candidates lose the vote . 
  pretty much . 
  the us just accused russia recently that it drugged some of their diplomats attending some ball , one of them ended up in the er apparently , next day , russia says that it 's not true and that it 's actually the us harassing russian diplomats !, 
  it 's like any time they are accused of anything , even if there is direct proof , they just turn it back on however is accusing them . 
  ussr style diplomacy right there . 
  one would argue that it is ( also ) because they can not be as corrupt and greasy as they were before . 
  there 's `` threat '' and then there 's taking crazy pills going around saying how european culture is going to be destroyed in 50 years . 
  the threat is real , but the threat is small in the grand scheme of things and objectively speaking very low on the list of problems eastern europe has , yet it has managed to capture the number one spot on the list of concerns . 
  why ? 
  because sensationalism and scaremongering . 
  every attack is so highly visible and talked about that people feel like they are unsafe , even though in reality the risks are extremely small even in countries like france , but especially in a country like poland , where i would argue the risks are almost non-existent . 
  your government . 
  there . 
  most people hate your government . 
  your country acts like a total bully and an asshole to its neighbors . 
  get informed what this was all about before ramping up the victimization . 
  they sent a shit donation alongside with a very insulting video saying how russia `` helped '' rebuild romania after ww2 , when in reality they occupied us and forced communism upon the country . 
  on a more serious note , the eu could be the new identity of europe , if people were a bit more cooperative and trusting of each other . 
  of course it is , but it 's ridiculous to expect a country 5 times as large to pollute less than a country 5 times smaller . 
  so while it is a problem in absolute terms , it does n't change the fact that per capita is still the most important measurement when comparing how `` good '' countries are doing . 
  also your argument is relying on current trends , when i already told you china is making concrete plans on changing them . 
  i just find it pretty ironic how much you blame the problem on them while the us is polluting more per capita . 
  but china is doing a lot to tackle that problem and they still pollute less per capita than the usa . 
  country with 1.5 billion people pollutes more than countries 5 times smaller than them . 
  that does n't show much . 
  the us needs to step up its game , because so is china . 
  when one of your presidential candidates says that `` global warming is a chinese conspiracy against the usa '' ( his own tweet ) then you know you have a problem . 
  how do you think we got communism ? 
  who do you think enforced it ? 
  just because ceausescu rebelled at one point does n't mean we were n't under russia 's sphere of influence nor does it mean that they 're `` legacy '' was gone , stalinist communism was very much alive with ceausescu . 
   because france is socialist . 
  goddamn man , did you have one economics class at least ? 
  considering my argument was that too much socialism is bad and you countering my point by saying i do n't know shit because i 'm from `` crony capitalism '' romania , it seems kind of relevant to bring up that maybe i do know a thing or two about `` too much socialism '' , i did n't say france is socialist . 
  i understand mate , you got triggered and felt the need to attack me and romania , how about you try sticking to an actual argument the next time ? 
  we can start again , here :  which are all signs that you 're more on the socialist side than liberal . 
  you insist on doing all of those things yourselves instead of liberalizing your market a little more . 
  now you can reply without resorting to attacking my country as a counter-argument . 
  nice whataboutism mate , nobody said romania is richer or more developed than france , then again you were n't under russia 's boot for 50 years either , so you can fuck off because it does n't change what i said one bit . 
  i was n't making any comparisons and if anything the fact that romania was socialist for 50 years and is so much behind the west only proves my point , but i would n't expect you to follow this basic logic or understand the reality of romania 's situation . 
  it is a bad thing if taken too far . 
  i 'm ok with some amount of socialism , like social healthcare and such , but too much of it makes the economy slow , inefficient , non-adaptable and so on ... 
  the worst case scenario is going full commie , that 's how you get your economy to collapse in a few decades . 
  which are all signs that you 're more on the socialist side than liberal . 
  you insist on doing all of those things yourselves instead of liberalizing your market a little more . 
  dude , nobody would have much of a problem with russia if they did n't act like bullies to their neighbors . 
  when russian ministers crack wise-ass comments about flying bombers over bucharest , of course they 're going to be viewed hostilely . 
  it 's not the will of the people , it 's just that a lot of people do n't go out to fucking vote because they 're lazy . 
  psd has a captive electorate of about 30-35 % and that 's usually good enough if more people do n't go out and vote , if they do , then the iohannis effect happens where psd is beaten over the head with a dildo despite all predictions . 
  on the other hand , dacia would 've never taken off like it did had it not been for renault . 
  much of the money still stays in romania . 
  i think it 's just to highlight how dumb it is to use statistics against certain populations or genders and so on . 
  i actually thought to give this retort to the next guy that wants to prove his racist views are justified because `` statistics '' . 
  point being that if you do n't agree men should be discriminated against and treated unfairly because of stats like this , you should n't treat minorities that way either . 
  and i did n't say you think they 're the majority , i asked you if you think those cases represent a substantial ( you can read it as significant ) percentage of the population . 
  you got all uppity and offended about something i did n't even say or imply while accusing me of the very thing you are doing just to give yourself a way out of this argument without having to back up any of it and also feeling superior while you do it . 
  good game sport . 
   we are not speaking only about the `` very '' young here ( 18-30yo ) and their volatile `` values '' like who the fuck would you even be speaking about ? 
  that 's the age bracket that has kids , do you wan na talk about 50 year old people in a conversation about birth rates ? 
  also values do n't change much past the young adult years , that 's when we form most of our values , cases where liberals become conservatives or the other way around past 30 is pretty rare . 
  your points make no sense whatsoever , your whole argument is blabla slaves , massive conspiracy , people having kids for the measly kid allocation and then somehow it all ties together into you being right . 
  lol . 
   having no job and no money makes them have kids for the benefits and child allocations talk exaggerations and generalizations . 
  people that have kids for child allocations are a very small minority , or do you believe there 's a substantial percentage of the population that has kids for the purpose of child allocations ? 
  which by the way are smaller than the costs of raising a kid anyway unless you give absolutely no fucks about them . 
   because you just pulled that generalization from your ass . 
  certainly i pulled it from my ass and not from the fact that it 's very obvious that people do n't really want to have big families anymore and more and more are refusing to have any kids whatsoever out of their own choice . 
  the only people nowadays that still have big families are the very poor , the very uneducated , or the very religious , with very few exceptions . 
  yeah , when pretty much everybody i know does n't wan na have more than 2 kids , no matter how poor or rich they are , i think it 's about a bit more than just money . 
  why 's it so hard to grasp ? 
  maybe you 're the one that wants to have 3 + kids but ca n't afford it and think that everyone else is in the same boat . 
  i do n't get how else you explain the fact that living standards are inversely proportional with birthrates in pretty much all nations . 
  then it 's ironic that you still think it 's about economics . 
  throughout history , people have never been more well off than they are now and the world has never been safer , that 's just reality and it is easily provable through numbers . 
  things are n't perfect , but they never were , there was always a lot of poverty in the world , but people still had shitloads of kids . 
  i do n't know if i wan na have kids either and i 'm telling you it is n't about money , if i do decide i wan na have kids , i certainly wo n't wan na have fucking 3 or more . 
  it 's the same with most people in our generation , assuming you 're 20 something . 
  it is n't about money , people just do n't wan na be popping out 3 + kids anymore , because now they 're actually thinking about life beyond the age old paradigm of `` you got ta have kids '' or simply having them out of inertia , `` welp , it 's that time when i have to get married and have some kids '' . 
  or maybe , just maybe , making a lot of kids has more to do with how educated you are and what your values in life are , rather than with money or time , in the sense that the level of education and economic security is inversely proportional to the number of kids . 
  you 're basically saying that having a a `` boring and insecure '' is an impediment , but apparently having no job and no money is not . 
  which brings me back to my first point , it 's not really about money . 
  you could say it 's about time , but it 's obviously not about that either when you consider that even richer families that can afford to have a stay at home mom do n't really have more than 2 kids . 
  why is it so hard to accept that young people today simply have different values in life and do n't really want to pop out 3 or more kids ? 
  do you wan na have more than 3 kids ? 
  i do n't and it is n't about money , i just view life differently and i do n't subscribe to the age old model of `` you have to have kids '' , or just having them out of inertia because it 's what i 'm supposed to do .
