  it 's true that russia is trying to divide us , but it wo n't work . 
   they are unable to properly handle unarmed refugees and protect their capital cities from terrorism only because we do n't go around shooting people and asking questions later . 
  that 's such a shit reason to cite . 
  terrorism is also very hard to defend against and even russia would n't be able to if it was more of a target . 
  well yes , that 's the gist of it . 
  of course it 's fantasy , it was just a sidenote . 
  i think germany could easily surpass russia , even though it probably wo n't . 
  in case of a real crisis or war though , it 's another story . 
  i edited my post so we can talk about other issues as well . 
  it 's true that greece would n't have been able to get those loans , but to be fair they did also cook their books in order to get them , which ca n't be blamed on anyone but themselves . 
  the only problem i have is when i see people passing all the responsibility on germany or the eu , while completely ignoring that greece 's own fuck ups and inefficiencies have brought it to where it is , you ca n't just dump most of the blame on the eurozone while completely ignoring the massive fuck ups of the greek governments over the years , that 's pretty much just throwing blame in someone 's else 's courtyard while your own government has lied , cheated and stole from you . 
  which is ridiculous , because they 're the first ones that should be help responsible for the failure of the nation . 
  like i said , there 's a reason why greece is in that position and not other countries , that 's the first thing you have to tackle . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm fully aware russia is second only to the usa , but like i said that 's only due to the fact that they funnel massive amounts of the country 's budget towards their military , which western countries simply do n't do . 
  not because they ca n't , but because we have other priorities . 
  there 's a reason why finland is n't in greece 's situation , underperforming or not . 
  lack of innovation and competitivity in the global market are the biggest issues , the euro might not help , but what nobody wants to hear is that all these worker 's rights we enjoy , environmental laws , higher taxes and so on do n't help either when it comes to being competitive with countries such as china . 
  it then makes it hard for a company in finland to compete . 
  devaluing your currency helps a bit , for a while , but it is not a solution either , it 's just a temporary boost . 
  the problem is that people in europe want all of those things , they do n't want to give them up , which is perfectly understandable , but that pretty much means that we 're going to stagnate for a while until countries such as china catch up with wages , environment regulations , worker 's rights and so on . 
  it 's either that or we must encourage innovation way more than we are at the moment . 
  the point is that these countries have the resources to build a good army , not that their army is already very good . 
  i do n't know what we 're disagreeing on exactly , i know germany does n't have a very good army , the only point i was making is that if they would put their minds to it they could build a way better one with the resources they have . 
  the reason their armies are weaker is because they invest way less of their resources in that direction , while russia spends a crazy percentage of their gdp on their army , but if germany decided tomorrow that it 's imperative to have a strong military and tripled or quadrupled the gdp percentage that goes to the army they would start catching up very fast , economy industry and technology is what you use to build a good army . 
  then you probably wo n't resonate with what i 'm saying anyway . 
  the whole problem has arisen on the back of the refugee crisis , which is real , but some people decided to take advantage of our kindness . 
  we 'll see how well it pays off for them , but i do n't think it will , lots of asylum requests are being rejected and some are even starting to leave on their own accord because they realize they wo n't just get a free ride . 
  it 's a problem europe as a whole is facing , far right parties love to play on the immigrant crisis to garner support and it has been working pretty well as people have become scared . 
  of course it 's in every interest of the far right to drum up that fear so you see a lot of propaganda claiming muslims are out to destroy european culture and generally painting a picture of a `` citadel under siege '' to divide people into us vs them by appealing to nationalism and traditional values . 
  the propaganda comes from the fact that the crisis itself is nowhere near as bad as to justify handing over the power to far right parties , so if the crisis is not big enough than the next best thing is to make it seem like it 's way bigger than it is . 
  i was talking more about the military potential of these countries . 
  in my opinion germany 's potential is higher because of the cited reasons , economy industry and technology . 
  yes , you are right , but that 's why nato is an alliance . 
  although as a side note , i 'm pretty sure the uk or germany could overcome russia 's military might if they really put their minds to it , they have the economy , industry and technology to do it . 
  even france could probably do it but they 're not doing that well nowadays . 
  strange , because history taught me that the biggest human tragedies occur because of nationalism , racism , xenophobia and just generally bigotry . 
  i was talking more about doing it in an organized en masse way , of course there 's plenty of idiots that crusade against all kinds of stuff . 
  good one mate . 
  sorry for not buying into far right wing propaganda , merkel just does n't pay me enough . 
  did n't russia promise the same thing ? 
  to not violate ukraine 's sovereignty . 
  you can view it like that , but russia would get absolutely destroyed by nato in conventional warfare as well . 
  it was a very good deterrent during the cold war , but today the balance is heavily in favor of nato anyway , nukes or not , the usa alone could easily take on russia , so could the eu . 
   there would be more positive reception to russian control in eastern european countries that 's only true in certain regions with large russian minorities . 
  most eastern europeans do not want russian control one bit and it 's the reason why most countries have run the way of the eu and nato as fast as they could . 
  uhm , no . 
  military and economic strength is what matters the most . 
  it 's way easier to have balls to respond to an attack when your military and economy can actually support a response . 
  because corruption , tax evasion , lower productivity , and so are all non-issues for greece , the real issue is the eurozone right ? 
  efficiency is always a problem . 
  to give an extreme example as to make things clear , it does n't matter if you work 60 hours in agriculture when someone in it works half that but brings 10 times the added value that the agricultural worker does . 
  the fact is that germany builds bmw 's , mercedes , audi etc. 
  which are all very high value products that bring a lot of added value tot he german economy , while greece produces goods of way lower added value . 
  given the circumstances it is impossible for the average greek to earn anywhere near what the average german worker does . 
   black commit the large majority of those as well . 
  not exactly , blacks commit the most crimes against . . blacks . 
  but that 's not the case overall or when talking about white or hispanic victims , [ apparently most races like to victimize members of their own race the most . 
  ] ( http://www.amren.com/news/2015/07/new-doj-statistics-on-race-and-violent-crime/ ) i agree on the part about poverty , and yes it does actually lead to lower intelligence , but that 's oversimplifying it . 
  poverty breeds way more than just low intelligence , it 's directly related to crime rates as people have less opportunities or they simply do it to survive . 
  the problem though was always discrimination , poverty is also usually a vicious cycle that a lot of people have a hard time escaping from regardless of race . 
  to break the cycle you need to lift people out of poverty and to lift them out of poverty you need to provide people with equal opportunities as to encourage social mobility and better mixing with the native population , so better integration in other words . 
  when you have things like black or arab ghettos , that 's always a very bad thing . 
  no shit . 
  that 's kind of what this whole immigrant crisis is about , mass hysteria . 
  in reality the numbers of population migrations are n't really higher now than what we 've seen in other times . 
  right . 
  so your argument is that we should only allow people that have very similar cultures ? 
  you really do have very little faith in people and humanity if you think that . 
  yeah , but then again , there 's plenty of minorities all over the world that have those problems , you do n't see people crusading against blacks in the usa , you see efforts for better integration . 
  well , you do also see crusades , but the kkk is a pretty small movement nowadays so ... 
  must be hard to have such a huge bias that you have to ignore facts so it fits your ideas . 
   ome tough shit happened from time to time - no argue there , but at least people lived peacfully . 
  yeah , they did n't . 
  certainly not if you were someone saddam did n't like . 
   wow . 
  just wow . 
  is it something personal you have with russia ? 
  no , just something against putin apologists acting like the shit he does is no big deal . 
  i 'm just speaking the truth , because some people like twisting facts to make it look like he 's not so bad and that the west is just as bad anyway , which is absolutely ridiculous . 
  you have the chance to prove that it 's not so . 
  if you ca n't , at least admit it . 
  yeah so maintaining power indefinitely and controlling the country with an iron fist is apparently not dictatorship . 
  you can disagree all you want , the facts are still there . 
  funny that you give an example of a country that was run by a madman dictator that committed genocide as an example of how bad the west . 
  iraq was always going to collapse once saddam lost the saddle 's of power , since he was pretty much the only thing keeping the whole sham together through abuse and force . 
  usa was definitely wrong for invading , but let 's not pretend that the state of the country is n't directly related to decades of highly authoritarian and corrupt dictatorship . 
  while we 're at it , let 's also stop pretending like russia 's problems are n't related to that as well . 
   anyway , this is n't an arguement about whose development model is better . 
  you 're right , it 's not about development models , it 's about the fact that russia is run by an autocratic regime with no free press that uses propaganda extensively to justify and prop up the one man one party regime of vladimir putin . 
  the west does n't even have to use propaganda for people to know how shitty the state of affairs is in russia , because the system is self-defeating and toxic on its own with no help from anyone else , as we can plainly see . 
  putin 's authoritarianism goes up , russia goes down . 
  ca n't explain that . 
  ( actually you can , you just have to wan na hear it ) . 
  actually i 'm trying to bring arguments into the debate . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to do except `` hurr durr the west is just the same '' , when it 's not on any metric that is provable through numbers or observation . 
  from economy to a healthy democracy or social policy , the west is very far ahead . 
   this shit here - all over again when i talk to people - you always start with `` yaaay democracy good , freedoms , elections , people have a say blah blah blah ... then you point out a thing or two - and you end up `` yeah democracy is lesser of two evils ... you should root for lesser evil because it is not as bad as bigger evil blah blah blah '' - both are same shit different packaging . 
  except they 're not . 
  one is a system that is based on one party or one man having total control over a country , while the other is based on democratic institutions and checks and balances that prevent one person from gaining total power .
