  / s no judge would sentence a kid to jail for a kiss . 
  you 're basically asking for them to discriminate against this person because of his origin . 
  if that 's what it takes to appease people on the far right , then no thanks . 
  you 're only saying that because of their ethnicity , the problem is that the law does n't discriminate and it should n't . 
  well , that 's your problem , i 'm fine living in a society where the law applies equally to everyone . 
  a native would 've gotten the same punishment for a kiss , no judge is going to throw a kid in jail for something like that , it would be a complete waste of the tax-payers money . 
  actually murdoch is way worse , his tabloids are read by millions of people every day . 
  man , it must be nice living in fantasy land . 
  germany and russia are nothing alike and completely incompatible . 
  it 's posturing , it 's to show russia that they ca n't just do whatever they please . 
  if you do n't do anything , people will just take you for a doormat and push your boundaries further and further . 
  how strange that the only `` sane and independent '' voice is that which you agree with . 
  russia likes to be aggressive in more than just the traditional let 's annex shit way . 
  countries really do feel threatened if that 's what you 're asking . 
  you 're not making your point any more credible when you make comparisons like that . 
  you either have no idea what 's going on in russia , or you have no idea what 's going on in the usa , one or both of them has to be true to think you 're making a valid comparison . 
  the elections in the us are n't `` rigged '' , people actually voted for hillary clinton and trump , just as they voted for obama . 
   i 'm for a stronger europe , but i do n't think we should give eu more powers without more transparency and more electoral accountability . 
  i think that 's what they 're planing . 
  there 's already talks about giving the eu a real parliament . 
  in any case , sentiments have changed since the brexit , i know it may be hard to accept that , but the polls clearly show a big drop in euroscepticism , there 's also about a 70 % support for eu . 
  thing is that all the lies are surfacing and people are starting to realize the dangerous of populism by the likes of farage . 
  oh come on , pull your head out of your ass please . 
  your allies have a right to call attention to such glaring issues , if only to express an opinion and nothing else . 
  what pis did regarding the constitutional court is very anti-democratic . 
  i think it will all stop dead in its tracks , things are not and will not be the same . 
  things will soon hit a tipping point , and in the end nothing really will change . 
  these kinds of incidents have happened since the war and what we 're seeing now is honestly child 's play compared to the shit that was pulled decades ago . 
  it 's more like a banter between brothers at this point than an actual serious threat of conflict if i were to make an analogy . 
  you can keep believing that , but i 'll continue to believe that a lot of people have since stepped up a notch in the realm of higher thinking , not controlled by instinct as much as we used to be . 
  similarities yes , but the context is completely different . 
  the uk did n't want the eu to reform in a way such as the rest of us do though . 
  in fact , it was kind of one of the biggest talking points in the referendum , the eu wants an `` ever closer union '' , the uk wants more freedom for themselves and panders to the populists inside their borders . 
  when many people say `` the eu can reform now '' , what they really mean is that without the uk being such a big opposing force , we can continue on with our process of further integration . 
  things are nothing like they were in 1930 's germany . 
  you say that , but people need to do their own duty , it 's simply unacceptable that so many people are so completely ignorant to blatant populism and racism . 
  we 're better than that now . 
  it 's the 2016 , not 1930 , and humanity has come a long way since then . 
  ttip is n't automatically bad because some people think it will be based on pure speculation . 
  we should see the deal first . 
  it will be able for the whole world to see months before a vote is cast . 
  i think the eu can negotiate with the usa from a much more powerful position than the uk can alone , do n't you think ? 
  how else do you explain the fact that the jews control most of hollywood and the biggest most powerful banks in the world ? 
  clearly they are a superior race of beings that have taken the forms of humans so they can push their `` multiculturalism '' so far that one day we wo n't be able to tell humans from reptiles anymore . 
  then they can invade us and we would n't even know about it , it would be like `` i do n't see scales , it 's racist to think others have scales '', 
  what do you mean ? 
  i guess , but if ttip passes , the eu-us tradezone would eclipse the rest of the world by far . 
  nobody 's denying that , it 's just that i find it pretty ironic that the very people who were so adamant of leaving the eu because of ee competition are rejoicing over these trade deals . 
  the eu was a much better place for them to be in rather than competing with the rest of the world . 
  the conspiracy century . 
  what if i told you the jews never killed jesus and are holding him hostage in soros ' basement ? 
  i did n't mean competing via immigration , but any time you sign a trade agreement with another country , you indirectly start competing with them on a deeper level , without tariffs to `` protect '' your own , you 're in a much more direct competition with their companies . 
  that can be a good thing of course , but it 's going to be a good thing mostly for the higher end sectors of britain . 
  the issue is that while leavers voted for brexit because of the diminishing of the working class , this certainly would n't help them , because competition with the chinese would be way stiffer than it is now as they have very big comparative advantages when it comes to manufacturing and industry . 
  it would put the working class in a race to the bottom so to speak , but it 's going to be a good thing for the high end services and industry sectors . 
  the shop was n't insured . 
  so ... no . 
  you sure love making up unfounded conspiracy theories tho . 
  anything to fit your worldview . 
  yeah , no , these sentiments have always existed regardless of immigration levels . 
  people can be quick to find some minority or another to blame no matter what their numbers are , all it takes is a charismatic populist and retarded tabloids that drum up fear and bait these feelings out of people . 
  it 's like people learned nothing from ww2 . 
  sure but it very frequently turns out to be not just that . 
  it would be nice if that was all there is to nationalism , but most people simply use it as an excuse to showcase their tribal attitudes and poop throwing skills towards those that are different . 
  no , i acknowledge that , what i 'm saying is that there 's miles of differences between the eu and china for example . 
  that 's just common sense really . 
  you 're pretending like everything is black and white , but there 's plenty of shades of gray in between , and the eu and china are veeeery far away from each other on the scale . 
  the eu is the most `` consumer friendly '' in the entire world , more than the usa , more than brics and definitely more than china or india . 
  i do n't see why that disproves what i said , obviously it 's just a general rule and as i 've showed you have your own bible belt where it does apply . 
  mate , you 've got a real nice victim-complex going on right there . 
  show me where this hate is , please . 
  yeah you 're right , but it does outline that those sentiments have been there for a long time . 
  it 's not like this is the first time when europe is dealing with hate crimes or rises in nationalism . 
  it 's usually related to one crisis or another , perceived or real . 
  immigration rates are hardly correlated when you consider that people used to be even more prejudiced in the past decades than they are now . 
  that graph may not be the most valid unit of measurement , but it clearly shows a peak in 2010 from 1990 onward . 
  i mean , some of them are , most are n't . 
  many romanians in spain have gone there from poor rural areas to do agricultural work , so yeah , most do n't have that spirit . 
  things are changing though and the urban centers have seen booms in start-ups . 
  yes but you 're not getting it , a segment of the population has decided to burn `` pc '' on a stake as something completely undesirable , while in the meantime validating racist cunts as having rational opinions , instead of calling them out as racists ( because that 's pc ) . 
  actually police are reporting a big spike in hate crimes , so not really , it 's obvious the problem is getting worse and people should address this . 
  you should be happy that there 's finally attention being drawn to these issues , not try to push it out of the public sphere . 
  no , he means fast-tracking trade deals with china and india , which for anyone with a bit of common sense should be way more worrying than any kind of trade deals or single markets with the eu or the usa . 
  those countries do n't play by the rules and the british working class will have a way harder time competing with chinese or indian workers than they ever did with eastern europeans . 
  then you realize that the people least in contact with immigrants are the ones most against them . 
  it 's just the nature of humanity to be afraid of that which you do not know or understand . 
  having more contact is actually beneficial in lowering prejudice levels , because it 's one thing to only read about immigrants in tabloids that love to spread fear , and it 's another to actually come in contact with those people and realizing most are just like everyone else . 
  https://static.guim.co.uk/ni/1401203197769/racial-prejudice_2805.svg not exactly true . 
  those feelings were always present , it 's just that it all became much more visible starting 2004 because of the crusade of certain tabloids and populist leaders against immigrants . 
  farage famously said that millions of romanians will be flooding the uk and the tabloids of murdoch co. have done a great job at painting us as criminals and thieves . 
   i do understand that , but if that is the case why has the eu not been honest about it 's intentions to become a single superstate ? 
  why must it deceive people ? 
  it did n't deceive people mate , people are just uninformed as always and refuse to study the subjects that affect their lives . 
  it has always been the goal of the eu of ever closer unity . 
  this was not hidden from anyone , the expression first appeared in 1957 : http://lawvolumes.dwp.gov.uk/docs/a9-1001.pdf#page=2  determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe . 
  it 's right there in the preamble , the first sentence of the treaty . 
  it really was n't hidden and if people did n't know it 's either because national politicians deceived them or because they did n't inform themselves at all . 
  or both . 
  it was n't hidden in romania , in fact , romanians are very pro-federalization for example . 
  what is the difference ?
