  but no , that ca n't be , they 're telling me only mainstream politicians and the `` elite '' are guilty of these things . 
  it 's funny how every time it turns out the populists are 10 times worse than the mainstream they criticize . 
  it 's part of the content , it 's part of the problem . 
  `` hyperbole '' like this is actively used as a weapon . 
  the difference is that while those are harmless expressions , rhetoric like this only serves to create more fear and hate among the native british population , fear which is later exploited politically . 
  it 's a shame people do n't realize this , the world would be better off . 
  muslims are the new eastern europeans , no surprise there . 
  before the whole muslim craze , most of the racism ( or xenophobia whatever ) was directed towards us . 
  it 's always the least fortunate minorities that get targeted . 
  and yes , it 's true that these minorities tend to commit more crimes , the issue however is that through this shitty racist rhetoric people end up hating and discriminating against the whole nation/culture/race even though only a very small minority of them commit crimes . 
  such is the nature of racism ( used as an umbrella term for hate against various minorities ) . 
  you want to see a problem where one does n't exist . 
  people are mocking t_d because they are using every opportunity and attack to further their own agenda and spread fear and hate . 
  pointing out how ridiculous this is , is n't `` the same thing they 're doing '' , not even close . 
  the motivation and the scope is completely different , people in this thread are n't parading this attack as a means to incite fear and hate over white people , they 're doing it to mock t_d , which does actually use such attacks to spread fear and hate towards muslims . 
  one is way more despicable than the other , and the other is n't really despicable in the first place anyway , it 's just pointing out the absurdity of t_d . 
  lol . 
  black immigration am i right ? 
  in america ... probably has nothing to do with them being brought there and discriminated against for more than a century . 
  what is anti democratic about the eu ? 
  you are doing exactly what people are accusing you of doing . 
  no country is perfect and there are violent incidents everywhere , but sweden is an amazing place to live and its rich that people from the us with cities like detroit or chicago are trying to paint sweden as a war zone because of a few violent incidents in the span of a few years . 
  yea its amazing what good propaganda can do innit . 
  weird . 
  i doubt there is even 1 . 
  because you have to be a shill to see what is obvious right ? 
  you people are brainwashed . 
  where did you get that number from ? 
  they 're barely spending 1.22 percent of their gdp in 2017 , in 2015 that number was 1.17 . 
  they raised their spending with 0.05 % in two years . 
  so , what , it 'll take about 40 years to get to 2 % ? 
  what a cop out . 
  ok , well , i 'll tell you then , it 's not going anywhere , germany has n't increased it 's military spending at all . 
   nope . 
  we have agreed to trend towards it in the next decade . 
  so how 's the trending going since you agreed to it ? 
  you 're a sovereign nation that is also a part of nato , you have agreed to spend 2 % on your defense and you have not done so . 
  you 're getting all pissy and defensive because others are asking you to fullfil the obligations you have agreed to by being a part of a military alliance . 
  yeah . 
  you 're being completely unreasonable . 
  i think people trust germany enough nowdays to not turn into fascist state bent on wars of agression . 
  the point is that russia already has a pretty capable military which they have been training in the last few years . 
  in some respects their equipment is better than what nato has , they have nukes and they have the fervor of nationalism to tie it all up together . 
  their active army is also much larger than that of germany or france . 
  my biggest argument for you would be this . 
  when talking about war and the military , you have to make plans for the worst scenario there is , it 's useless to only prepare for the optimist scenario . 
  imo this is what you 're currently doing , you 're basing your predictions on the most optimistic of scenarios instead of basing them on the scenarios where it all goes wrong ( which are still realistic ) . 
  if the usa under trump decides not to intervene , it will 100 % mean that a lot of other nations will also not intervene . 
  in this scenario , germany , france or eastern europe will definitely not be able to hold off russia without updating their military in the coming years . 
  sure , we can understand that , but at the same time it 's also true that you are part of nato , which is a military alliance , and that comes with certain obligations , such as having 2 % of the gdp for defense . 
  it 's not such a high number in the larger scheme of things . 
  military spending is n't a blackhole where money goes to disappear , it comes with research in technology , investments in the military industry and so on . 
  the point is that nato ca n't be all benefits and no obligations , that is really not fair . 
  this is coming from a person that does n't agree with trump on basically anything . 
  talk about outdated numbers . 
  romania has allocated 2 % for defense in 2017 , same as poland , the two biggest central/eastern european nations . 
  and yet somehow you have convinced yourself that her wanting to hold a referendum does n't mean she wants a frexit . 
  do you think she 's going to be campaigning for remain ? 
  lol . 
  it 's her wet dream for france to leave the eu and see the eu crumble . 
  france and germany are the core of the eu , they are literally the reason for why the eu exists and why the european project was started in the first place , so that the two countries will move on from their historic animosities and began an age of cooperation and friendship . 
  how many times do i have to repeat myself ? 
  clearly she answered both yes or no depending on the circumstance and context in which the question was asked . 
  typical of a populist politician . 
  however , if you would look past her words that you cherry pick to support your argument , it 's pretty clear that she is in favor of such a thing . 
  one does not simply cheer for the brexit ( are you denying this ? 
  ) , or talk about the tyranny of the eu ( are you denying this ? ), 
  and talk about a strong independent france free from the shackles of the eu , without their motives being pretty clear . 
  instead of cherry picking interviews that suit you ( i can do the same as i have proven ) how about we look at the broader context ? 
  it 's absolutely obvious that she is no friend of the eu and i do n't see how you can live in denial about this . 
  you see , that 's the thing , when populist politicians like le pen or trump answer both yes and no at differing times , it gives their supporters the option to cherry pick the answers they like . 
  however , if you look at the overall picture , it 's absolutely obvious she is anti-eu . 
  so these are n't her words ? 
   this referendum on france belonging to the european union , i will do it . 
  yes it is possible to change things . 
  look at the brits , they chose their destiny , they chose independence ... we can again be a free , proud and independent people . 
  because the alt right has managed to pervert another term ; this time its `` fake news '' which means made up news stories such as this , but then you see trump speak in front of the white house calling nyt `` fake news '' and suddenly the term becomes irrelevant and simply starts meaning news i dont like . 
  its a classic daze and confuse tactic . 
  they 're busy building up their alternative reality . 
  dude , she literally cheered the brexit and wants a referendum in france . 
  she also constantly speaks about freeing france from the tyranny of the eu . 
  yeah but in the bigger picture islamism is nothing compared to the other isms , mainly because it is completely irrelevant politically in europe and the most it can do is a few rogue attacks per year . 
  while its a tragedy that people are dying due to religious fanatiscism , pragmatically speaking that is a preferable option over any of the other isms taking political power simply because the potential for destruction would be magnitudes greater and the harm to society would affect the whole continent . 
  you think the person that went on to campaign for the brexit doesnt desire that ? 
  unfortunately psychiatrist do n't agree with you . 
  it has n't been labeled as a mental illness for decades . 
  treatment , unsurprisingly , does n't work . 
  because it ai n't really an illness . 
  you ca n't give a gay person some pills and convince them through therapy that they 're actually straight , it simply does n't work like that . 
  yeah but in the broader sense it was always about peace and unity between the major european powers . 
  i do agree however , this silly opposition to any kind of free trade deals is simply a populist approach towards a complex topic . 
  it seems like most people 's jimmies are rustled by the fact that companies can sue governments , but i 've never really heard a good argument for why this is oh so wrong . 
  if the government changes laws in an abusive way and fucks over companies that have invested millions of euros , why should n't they be able to have their case heard in front of an impartial court ? 
  it 's not like those courts side with the corporations every time either . 
  that 's because most of us know the real fight is against corruption and lack of transparency and not between us based on social issues we dont agree on . 
  that 's bs . 
  the level of insanity of people like alex jones and the far right in general is nowhere near the twisting you see in the classical ` left ' media . 
  if you ` average ' them out all you 're gon na get is still a pretty right/conservative view with some fake news and conspiracy theories thrown in . 
  even if it is , those people are still going to be hit quite hard , which seems to be her intention in the first place . 
  it 's not like she expects those people to change the law in their home country , she knows they ca n't do that and she 's using it to further alienate them and make it easier to disregard their rights .
