  because i sure do n't . 
  also if you ca n't see racism on the_donald i 'm pretty sure you 're not looking , because the_donald has spewed some absolutely vile bullshit directed at black people and muslims , and while muslims may not be a race , it 's just pedantic to say `` nuh-uh , not true '' , it 's xenophobia , which is the same as racism , only it 's against ethnicities instead of other races . 
  yeah , which is what the_donald does on a regular basis . 
  that 's not some fringe opinion there , it 's one of their main narratives . 
  the candidate endorses such behavior for his own gain . 
  i do n't know how you can visit that subreddit day after day and not see the absolutely huge amounts of vitriol , generalizations , hate and manipulation . 
  a more akin comparison would be `` the kkk are racist , therefore anyone who associates with them are probably racist '' , which would be true . 
  why are you acting like bombings , especially in the uk out of all places , or rapes , are something exclusive to immigrants ? 
  it 's something people do . 
  and i already argued that the bottom 5 % can be helped way more effectively and rationally by means that do not involve baiting xenophobia and hate against immigrants . 
  whatever man , i told you this is pointless , for you the solution is obviously continuing what is now starting to become a crusade against immigrants , instead of maybe thinking about how to help the bottom 5 % that need to be helped regardless in ways that does n't involve ruining other people 's lives . 
  see . 
  pointless . 
  the way i see it , some people want to find solutions , others seem to want to create more problems because it fits their worldview , which is also often correlated to feelings of xenophobia or racism . 
  and please do n't pretend that 's not the case , the rise in hate crimes in the uk following the brexit and the rhetoric employed makes it more than obvious . 
  yeah , no . 
  if that were be the case then we should be opposed to any kind of authority or decision making and nothing would get done ever . 
  i think you 're generalizing based on some bad examples . 
  most of them have some kind of competence in the matters they deal with and they at least have some amount of leadership and governing skills . 
  they may not know much about net neutrality or encryption , but neither does the average person . 
   a person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people , ideas , etc. 
  something the_donald is definitely not guilty of , right ? 
  the irony . 
   electing better leaders would be a good idea , ones who are n't globalist , which would therefore means there would be less need to help the bottom 5 % so you do n't need to raise taxes . 
  except that makes no logical sense . 
  if immigration is a net benefit for the economy except for the bottom 5 % , that means it 's a net benefit overall as well . 
  your idea of helping the bottom 5 % implies weakening the whole economy , which in the end does n't help them at all , it just makes it worse for everyone . 
  electing better leaders does n't mean not electing globalists , it 's hardly an ideology and it is more of a fact that countries need to adapt to . 
  rather it should mean electing leaders that make sure the benefits are felt by everyone and not just the better off people . 
  it 's hardly just the `` elite '' benefiting from globalization after all . 
  globalization benefits pretty much the whole middle class as well because of the cheap imports of goods . 
  your whole argument relies on the bottom 5 % losing out on wages and then going on about how the `` global elite '' must be removed . 
  no mate , the solution is to elect better leaders that make sure those 5 % are compensated in other ways , something that should be done regardless of migration . 
  if you ca n't see that then what are we even talking about here . 
  i do n't even know who the hell that global elite you 're talking about is . 
  you 're waging war against some bordering on mysticism class of people instead of realizing the way more immediate effect comes from local and national politics . 
  you just do n't seem to understand that blaming globalist elites , the eu , immigrants , or whatever the fuck else is just another form of misdirection . 
  people are electing shit politicians promising shit things and this is what you get . 
  it really is as simple as that . 
  you think the masses are some pure people that are being taken advantage of , and in a sense it 's true that they 're being taken advantage of , but most people do n't really have any real intentions of helping the bottom 5 % either , because most people are n't the bottom 5 % . 
  if someone would come and propose a raise in taxes in order to help out the bottom 5 % most people would absolutely vote against it . 
  you seem to think selfishness is a characteristic of the `` global elite '' , no , selfishness is a characteristic of humans . 
  pull yourself up by the bootstraps and whatnot . 
   ... that 's not whataboutism . 
  you said the vote was swayed by populism , i merely pointed out that the same populism came from both sides , which means the results were n't changed much because of it . 
  yes it is . 
   a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent 's position by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  you have not refuted or disproved my argument , you have merely claimed that `` the other said did it too so it does n't matter '' , which is precisely whataboutism . 
  it took me about 10 seconds to prove the lies and misinformation going around , and your argument is saying that it evens out because the other side did exactly the same . 
  that 's simply not true and it is certainly not a valid argument from your side , you 're basically saying two lies make a truth , or that two wrongs make a right , even if what you 're saying is true , it 's still a very bad argument . 
  as for proof on financial literacy , here 's an easy to read link : http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/11/18/the-u-s-may-be-the-worlds-richest-country-but-it-ranks-14th-in-financial-literacy/ and a more comprehensive one : http://gflec.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/finlit_paper_16_f2_singles.pdf so at best 30 % of the population ca n't pass a simple basic test , and in most cases the number goes above 50 % . 
  yeah . 
  that does prove my point . 
  and those are just very basic concepts , they come absolutely nowhere close to the complexity of most fiscal policies or trade deals such as the ttip , absolutely nowhere close . 
  from your own link , talking about the second point :  find that each 1 % increase in the share of migrants in the uk-born working age population leads to a 0.6 % decline in the wages of the 5 % lowest paid workers and to an increase in the wages of higher paid workers . 
  so a 1 % increased share of immigrants cause a 0.6 % decline in wages for the 5 % lowest paid workers and an increase for the rest . 
  how the fuck is that a negative effect ? 
  so just because not literally every single person benefits and there 's a small percentage of people losing a small percentage of their wages that means immigration is some huge problem that must be fought at all costs ? 
  you do view the economy as a zero sum game , and that is a problem . 
  if immigrants benefit the rest of 95 % and it brings more money into the state 's coffers , then there is absolutely no excuse for not compensating the small loss of wages for the bottom 5 % in other ways , yet somehow you still think the crusade against immigration is justified . 
  it makes absolutely no rational sense . 
  while a small percentage might be negatively affected , the positive effects greatly outweigh them and should in a more fair society compensate that loss . 
  now , moving on to the actual problem , if society is n't fair towards its bottom 5 % i doubt it 's the immigrants faults , yet so many people think it is . 
  is n't that strange ? 
  if this does n't prove exactly what i was talking about i do n't know what will . 
  the proposed solution basically boils down to let 's remove the benefits for the rest of the 95 % and for the economy in general just so things are `` fairer '' for the bottom 5 % , instead of the much more obvious and rational solution of helping the bottom 5 % out in other ways using the additional resources generated by immigration . 
   not really , both sides engaged in the exact same populism so it evens out . 
  exactly same ? 
  is that your expert opinion ? 
  i call bullshit on your whataboutism . 
   nah people are smarter than you think , we had a vote about a week more holidays and one about basic income here in switzerland and both were voted no . 
  yeah , again , that might work in a country like switzerland where 98 % of the people make more than the basic income that was proposed , but not everywhere else . 
  no , people are not smarter than i think , they might be `` smart '' in their day to day lives , but most know much of anything about fiscal policy , the economy in general or governing and i already proved that . 
  financial illiteracy is huge in most countries . 
  no , because of the obvious lies and emotional manipulations like this : https://d35f2nn85hoamp.cloudfront.net/files/2016/06/screen-shot-2016-06-06-at-13.38.56.png or this : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-vote-leave-wipes-nhs-350m-claim-and-rest-of-its-website-after-eu-referendum-a7105546.html or this : http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3be49734-29cb-11e6-83e4-abc22d5d108c.html and many other examples . 
  there 's plenty of objective reasons to think the referendum was full of lies manipulation and populism and it has nothing to do with the result . 
  if anything the result simply proves how easily such tactics can work . 
   no that 's not a reason , populism in direct democracy is still better than corruption in any other democracy . 
  yeah right . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  corruption is a problem , but it 's nowhere the problem direct democracy would cause . 
  `` should we raise wages for everyone ? '', 
  `` fuck yeah '' that 's pretty much how it would go in most countries on earth . 
  hello insolvency in about 3 years . 
  you think a million people are going to cause the problems china has with sex inequality ? 
  right . 
  also , sexual harassment is a pretty big deal everywhere , not just in freaking cologne . 
  punish the offenders and stop generalizing so much , jesus christ . 
  you 'd think every refugee is some potential terrorist-rapist by how some of you speak about them . 
   but most people also did not expect the massive migration wave that happened it 's not ` so many ' , brits have been by far the most hostile towards eastern europeans , romania and bulgaria specifically , despite the fact that there 's only a couple of hundred thousand immigrants from both countries . 
  maybe based on the oil price rising again , otherwise i doubt they will see growth . 
  sure mate , because when an immigrant buys food , gets his place renovated , buys services , that does n't create demand and jobs for the rest of the british right ? 
  yeah right , because economy is a zero sum game , it just shows how much you know . 
  those immigrants do n't just take up jobs , they create jobs by their mere existence and spending of money into the economy . 
  are you saying the average high ranking politician knows as little about policy and governing as the average person ? 
  i reject that argument , that 's all . 
  that 's all we were talking about here , whether those politicians know more than the average person , for me the answer is yes every time , the average person is fucking ignorant , sorry to say . 
   who are the policy-makers if not members of ` the people ' ? 
  right you are , and it 's important to remember that , but why do you think it 's those people that end up in such positions ? 
  ideally and theoretically they 're elected because they have knowledge and they are good at governing and being leaders .
