  when i 'm told by our allies how we deserve to be killed and that we 're no better than nazis ? 
  what are you even talking about . 
  you 're cherry picking some extreme view and pretending it 's mainstream . 
  where are people saying that exactly ? 
  show me . 
  really ? 
  even one dollar ? 
  your point of view is absurd , there is no point arguing with someone that has such an extreme view on these issues . 
  if you honestly think it 's not even worth spending 1 dollar then you have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
   literally endless . 
  i mean , what is the end goal of our deployment in romania ? 
  russia is n't going away . 
  all it does is chew up our citizens , sending them back mangled ( physically and mentally ) or in body bags . 
  what they actually do ( the whole 500 of them ) is military exercises and playing soccer with the local kids from deveselu . 
  nobody is going home in a body bag from romania lol . 
  as for the rest of your post , you seem to really like to self-loathe , the us is a way more beneficial force than russia ever was . 
  it ai n't like the alternative to us hegemony is world peace , the alternative is russia and most likely china sucking up the power vacuum , which would definitely not be good for the west , not for the rest of the world for that matter . 
  it 's one thing to be critical of your own government ( altho it 's ironic that you seem to get offended when others are ) and it 's another to live in a fairy tale world where the us is the worst . 
  no , you 're not the worst , not even close . 
  you 've done fucked up shit as has any empire/super power whatever you wan na call it , but as far as super powers go , the us is the most progressive and beneficial to the world by far . 
  you 've done a lot of good in the world , not just bad as you seem to think , a lot of countries owe you a great deal and have managed to develop thanks to us influence and aid . 
  you yourselves have also benefited a great deal from this , but you seem to be completely incredulous about that . 
  i do n't think this conversation is going anywhere , us two just see the world way too differently , you seem to think that us hegemon is some kind of a cancer to the world , but overall these are the most peaceful times we live in with unparalleled progress for humanity . 
  if russia is crazy enough to attack nato , then you 're not safe either . 
  like i said , your word is enough to keep us safe , the only possible scenario in which that would n't work , is if the us decided to publicly claim they would n't hold up their alliances , which would be a huge mistake and would destabilize the word . 
  the risk is n't being allied with us , the real risk is the us turning isolationist and leaving a huge power vacuum on the world stage . 
  and that 's not wrong that you wonder about those things , i too can agree that the us could use cutting its defense budget quite a bit , but the us certainly is n't spending that amount of money for our benefit , it spends it in its own name and for its own benefit . 
  this seems to be the source of confusion between the two sides , you think that the us is doing charity and spending hundreds of billions for our sake , but that 's simply not the case , the us does it for the us . 
  whether you perceive that as the us doing it for its `` elites '' or for its people , is a different discussion altogether . 
  in any case , the fact that it is also beneficial for us is secondary to that . 
  there 's simply no need for the us to spend as much as it does , it spends as much as the rest of the top 10 countries combined . 
  you ca n't just blame that on your allies . 
  what great risk are you incurring ? 
  romania has n't done anything to harm you or your nation so whatever risk you 're imagining is seriously overblown . 
  the us does n't need to send their soldiers to die for us , your word in itself is enough to keep us safe , so i do n't see what those great risks are . 
  i get it , you gave absolutely no shits about some countries you do n't even know about , but you asked why we would want to be allied with you and i answered . 
  things are n't that simple , i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  like i said , for us it 's a matter of national survival , so it would be the epitome of arrogance for us to turn our noses up and break our alliance with the us because we do n't always agree on things . 
  sure it would be nice if every nation would just mind its own business and military alliances would be obsolete , but that 's not the reality that we live in . 
  edit : it 's also very short sighted to claim that you get no benefit out of the us being a global super power , that 's one ignorant statement if i 've ever read one , it 's certainly not just the elites of the us that benefit from your status as a super power . 
  you have n't even read the comment properly , the guy i was responding to said that he would be fine with the us having zero allies . 
   and for the us it 's nothing except a waste of money and resources . 
  i think his point is all of this does n't even buy goodwill . 
  there 's plenty of goodwill , but goodwill does n't mean immunity from criticism . 
  speaking of goodwill , you do n't seem to show any either , your arrogance is insulting . 
  you do n't seem to be able to wrap your head around the fact that the us may have other reasons to have alliances instead of charity . 
  you have a very warped view of reality on what seems to be some bad personal experiences . 
  it 's not like the us is allied with us out of charity , it 's because they are mutually beneficial relationships . 
  when it comes to my country , and the whole of eastern europe for that matter , it is pretty clear why we 're allied with you and why it is in our best interest , despite the war in iraq . 
  the world is n't a perfect place , it seems to me like you 're an idealist that thinks the us could do just fine on its own and how great it would be if everyone minded their own business and avoid negativity , but that 's just not how the world works and luckily most people are aware of that . 
  in case it was n't clear , for us , the alliance with the us is a matter of national survival and integrity , while for the us it 's a matter of influence on the world stage and the strengthening of your external politics . 
  this is you mate : http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/738/025/db0.jpg, 
  what a sad circlejerk you two are having . 
  if you 'd only be allied with countries in which everyone has a high regard for the us , you would have zero allies . 
  criticism is n't the end of the world you know , our people literally died for your country in iraq and afghanistan , one of which was a completely pointless war , so it 's pretty fucked up of you to say you ca n't trust us based on some internet comments . 
  luckily , i do n't base my view of america on your comments . 
  / facepalm you 're pathetic . 
  not my fault that your posts lacks anything resembling an intelligent or well thought out argument , it 's all basically `` you 're a fekkin gypsy mate everyone hates you '' . 
  i seriously chuckle in real life thinking about how much of a mouth breeder you must be to come up with such drivel . 
  sad thing is that you actually think you 're knowledgeable about this stuff even though you 've shown a greater amount of ignorance than most people show in a whole year . 
  you 're one dangerous idiot , the kind that thinks they 're smart and knowledge even though you do n't know shit . 
  i do n't even think you know what ethnic cleansing means mate , romania must really suck at it considering the well off hungarian communities all over transylvania . 
  i 'm hungarian myself you ignoramus , so calling me a gypsy or a thief only serves to prove that your mind literally can not comprehend anything beyond shite memes , generalizations and petty racial insults and even more important , that you 're ** w r o n g ** . 
  repeat after me `` i was wrong and i should not jump to conclusions like a moron '' . 
  maybe you can drill that into your head and you can still be saved from a life of being a petty little asshole . 
  literally none of what you said is true outside of your delusional mind . 
  i sure do love it when trumpsters showcase their intellectual capacities though . 
  so now you 're calling me a gypsy ? 
  sad . 
  i guess it must be hard coming up with an actual argument when your mind runs on memes . 
   oh and transylvania is hungarian thief . 
  wrong . 
  you 're doing a great job at representing trumpsters though , keep doing what you 're doing !, 
  but it 's not like people choose to `` associate '' themselves when you 're talking about things like race or ethnicity , people are simply born into it , which is precisely why discrimination on such criteria is total bullshit and very unfair . 
  lol . 
  for no reason at all . 
  you literally provided him with a reason with the post above . 
  brainwashed white man = someone that does n't hate people based on generalizations . 
  got it . 
   ofcourse - if you are oppose to the free social preferences to the minorities - you are against them . 
  and a far-right fascist , misogynist , racist . 
  try english next time , what does that even mean , free social preferences ? 
  is the right to vote a social preference ? 
  a right to safety ? 
  property rights ? 
  abortion rights ? 
  gay rights ? 
  what do you even mean . 
  the paper that article links to does n't support that however . 
  they do better in the high school educated department than the average party does , but they do worse in the higher education category , so it 's only half true . 
  their supporters are more educated on average one could say , but i suspect that 's because most people without a hs education are either very old or from their gypsy minority , both categories that wo n't really vote for jobbik . 
  that was informative and yes you 're right one can prove a negative , but not in this context . 
  i meant it 's a 50/50 on who 's right , only one can be right in this argument , she either was a spy or she was n't , and not being able to disprove that she was n't does n't make give any credence to the accuser . 
   interestingly , the higher educated in some countries are more likely to support far-right parties . 
  i really doubt it , or at least it does n't make any logical sense for higher educated people to fall more easily for dangerous populism . 
  lol . 
  are you saying that people without a higher education have a clearer or more rational view of politics ? 
  that 's funny because it 's pretty much the opposite of what actually happens , it 's the uneducated ones that fall for populism and demagoguery the most easily . 
  i do n't know where you people get these ideas from , i swear . 
  getting educated and learning some critical thinking skills does n't make you `` indoctrinated '' , quite the opposite , it helps you escape it .
