  0.5 % is very little growth and it 's clear that things are very much on the edge . 
  it could go both ways , but if pessimism wins then things are n't going to go in a good direction . 
  sure . 
  with ? 
  i disagree , economic theory predicts a slow down in demand during such times and it has been proven to be true a few times already . 
  demand drops because if the inflation is negative , mass psychology changes towards more hoarding as prices keep falling and there 's an incentive towards postponing purchases . 
  people do n't think , `` my the prices have dropped , better buy a lot of shit now '' , they end up thinking `` the prices keep dropping , i could wait a bit longer and get stuff even cheaper '' , this obviously leads towards disaster medium term . 
  it all lays in the confidence people have in the economy really , if they think this is just a temporary thing and they have optimism in the future then they are likely to spend now , but if they do n't have a lot of confidence that the economy picks up soon then they will start hoarding . 
  it 's human psychology . 
  the problem right now is that this state of deflation is accompanied by low confidence instead of optimism , so the effect becomes negative instead of positive like you claim . 
  so yeah , the biggest problem is n't necessarily deflation by itself as that can be a good thing , it 's deflation coupled with pessimism . 
  lol , much like obama ? 
  he absolutely could not pull off what putin has pulled off . 
  usa is still a democracy whether you will admit it or not and it has checks and balances to ensure this , he also has opposition and that pesky thing called free press that is n't afraid of calling him out . 
  russia has none of those things , it has putin and he 's calling the shots , nobody even dares speak out against him or organize some serious opposition out of fear . 
  how in the fuck can you even claim such a thing with a straight face . 
  if russia was anything like the usa then putin would be getting a massive shitstorm coming his way , but there 's only silence and `` it 's western propaganda '' . 
  that says enough . 
  he brought it under his control . 
  the problem in russia is that the state belongs to putin and so do the riches . 
  i do n't see why you keep pretending that is n't a huge issue . 
  except that 's not what happens in deflation , people tend to hoard money instead of spending it . 
  no you ca n't . 
  in the west such news gets out , journalists do n't get arrested or assassinated . 
  i 'm tired of seeing people pretend that it 's exactly the same . 
  in russia democracy has stopped functioning a while back , putin is pretty much a dictator at this point . 
  yeah , a lot of people actually did think he was n't . 
  some people are defending him even now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_russia sure , buddy , sure . 
  you ca n't even admit how much more controlled the press and information is in russia and how little diversity there is . 
  if you wo n't even admit to some truths that are obvious for anyone objective then what 's the point of discussing ? 
  you ca n't claim the west is just as corrupt just because there 's propaganda here as well . 
  in the west there 's way more press diversity and freedom , people do n't get arrested or assassinated for writing shit and we can get way more viewpoints on things . 
  in russia the state pretty much controls the press and abuses censorship , so you only get narratives like `` the big bad west is using propaganda against dear leader '' instead of actual criticism of putin . 
  what do you want me to say other than putin is by far the biggest name on there ? 
  it 's logical and rational to think he will get by far the most coverage , there is no freaking conspiracy here . 
  you keep excusing him so i ca n't even take you seriously . 
  there are others worse than him ? 
  you mean , a dictator that controls a very big and dangerous country that wants to regain its formal regional influence ? 
  are we speaking of the same person here ? 
  most people do n't even know what the fuck nagorno karabakh is and you 're somehow outraged that it 's not getting coverage . 
  newsflash , people are more interested in the asshole dictator of one of the most dangerous countries in the world than some corner of the world most people ca n't even point on a map . 
  because corruption and authoritarianism . 
  some people `` dream big '' in life . 
  because they 're probably indirectly financed by russia . 
  was n't it proven that certain far right wing parties have received funding from russia ? 
  it should be pretty obvious at this point . 
  russia wants a torn europe , simple as that , because if putin ca n't make russia go up , he sure as hell will try dragging europe down . 
  yeah , not nearly in the same way . 
  we should n't be putting an equal sign between the two . 
  facts are that we have way more freedom in the west and so does the western media . 
  as opposed to russian media , there 's a lot of variety in the west , leaning towards many ideologies , some more than others , from pretty accurate sources to pretty biased ones . 
  the sum of all of this is a way more accurate picture , because everyone has the possibility to write about anything and everyone can get informed from many more sources . 
  in russia you pretty much have state sanctioned media and that 's about it . 
  let 's face it . 
  in russia you ca n't write whatever the fuck you want , because people actually get arrested or assassinated . 
  that 's the difference . 
  the press can not be free under authoritarianism , and putin is the head chief . 
  yeah , keep defending a russia that is taking an economic nose dive all thanks to putin . 
  he has not diversified russia 's economy at all in all this time like that of a modern economy should be , for the sole reason that it 's way easier to control an economy based on natural resources export , the most rudimentary way of generating wealth and also the one that is easiest to control and use to enrich yourself and your buddies . 
  then you have the russian press that instead of criticizing putin 's failures and authoritarianism always ends up blaming the west for every failure , it 's always conspiracies or propaganda against the russian people . 
  yeah right . 
  you think the west is just as bad as russia , or worse , but you fail to notice that as bad as the west is , it 's better than russia in all relevant ways possible , from gdp to happiness or longevity , to freedom and a working democracy . 
  putin is pretty much a dictator at this point and i do n't see how you can deny it . 
  the problem is that when you 're a country like italy that has a lot of problems like corruption , a bloated public sector and high unemployment , and then you rack up a 120 % gdp debt , nobody really wants to lend you money anymore , because guess what ? 
  it starts to get really risky . 
  that 's why the imf were pretty much the only ones willing to do it , because they 're the last barrier before a country takes a nose-dive . 
  austerity measures in such scenarios are inevitable because the country is obviously very imbalanced to have gotten to a state in which it needs imf money to survive . 
  you just do n't understand how economy works at all if you ca n't understand this concept . 
  yeah but if you do n't have a job because of bad economic policies then you want to change that , not enjoy the low prices while you 're all jobless . 
  he 's better because russia 's economy grew for a while thanks to the explosion of prices in natural resources in the early 00 's ? 
  now that the prices have fallen again russia 's economy is going down the shitter because putin did nothing to diversify it like a modern economy should be . 
  he prefers to keep it a natural resource based economy because it is easier to control and use to enrich himself and his friends . 
  lets face it . 
  he 's pretty much a regular ol' dictator at this point and people are kidding themselves if they ca n't see how bad that is . 
  of course they do . 
  trump may be a blowhard , but usa is a strong enough democracy that he would n't be able to just completely take over like putin or erdogan have in their countries . 
  trump is a politician , putin and erdogan are dictators . 
  yeah , except you 're wrong , a lot of people have no problem with russia or russians , they have a problem with the government as it has been explained . 
  some people may have negative attitudes , but it 's because they do n't understand how russia is n't really a democracy and putin is just an authoritarian asshole that has russia by the balls both politically and economically . 
  putin is far from just `` not being a saint '' . 
  we may be overplaying how evil he is , but you are underplaying how bad he is too . 
  look at russia 's economy , it 's a joke that is completely reliant on export of natural resources , the most basic way of generating wealth . 
  because of this complete dependence that putin has not ever tried to remedy , because it is easy to control and to use to enrich yourself and your friends , as we can see . 
  you never hear the press criticize him for this , they always blame the west , accusing conspiracies or propaganda , but nobody dares talk honestly about putin 's faults in all of this . 
  that 's your biggest problem right there , putin is an authoritarian asshole that is keeping russia in the dark both economically and politically so that he can be the big kahuna around there that everyone bows down to . 
  that , my friend , may not make him satan , but it does make him pretty damn bad and worth criticizing . 
  can concur on the begging part . 
  it was very bad under russia 's influence , all of eastern europe seriously lagged behind the west . 
  now that a lot of us are in the eu and nato we have experienced rapid economic growth and growing freedoms . 
  of course countries wanted to run the fuck away from russia and straight into nato and the eu , the biggest garantors of our sovereignty . 
   and it is something you ca n't solve using any statistics or nonsensically used `` probability '' . 
  hurr durr fuck logic . 
  i can agree that this is the attitude of a lot of people have nowadays ( and always ) . 
  i guess we finally found some common ground . 
  the unavoidable psychological and political impact is generated precisely through such alarmist and fear mongering statements as `` going by the metro you are thinking if you survive it or not '' . 
  people should strive at least to be rational enough to realize this is not the case . 
  even in countries such as israel where terror attacks are way more frequent the chances of dying in one are very small and people do n't just go cowering along the streets fearing for their life non-stop , go figure . 
  by giving those examples you 're just proving my point about people not understanding statistics and probability and the conclusions we can draw from them . 
  nuclear is way safer than a lot of other energy sources as evidenced by the very small number of incidents that did way less damage than other forms of energy production , it 's just that exactly like with terror attacks they 're always very sensational news , so people always hear of any nuclear disaster but never of the thousands of people that die more evenly spread out due to coal for example so they end up believing nuclear is more dangerous .
