  then how do you explain the already large and fast growing support of far right parties across western europe ? 
  you ca n't just take your immediate surroundings as a clear picture of what 's going on , it 's obvious for some time now that more and more people are turning towards these parties exactly because they think it 's a problem . 
  the problem i have with this trend is that people forget what these parties are about , it 's not just that they wan na restrict immigration , it 's never just that . 
  yeah like this is about ideology , left vs right . 
  how easily people fall into the us vs them mentality . 
  i 'm not a leftist , i 'm a human being , with complex values . 
  my political inclination is center-right if that makes any matter , but it does n't have anything to do with the fact that i feel there 's a lot of people between those immigrants that really do need help . 
  you 're the one that reduced my argument to simplistic shit , of course we must determine faster and more efficiently who really needs help and who just wants to profit , but my argument is a response to the kind of people that would just turn europe into a fortress and turn their backs on everyone , including the actual refugees . 
  a lot of people sadly think like this now out of fear . 
  some people would say it 's also inhumane to turn away so many innocent people running away from what has happened in paris but multiplied by a thousand . 
  a lot of people still have enough faith in humanity to take on the risk of some unnecessary terrorism attacks to help people that have it way worse than us . 
  this reason should count for something in everyone 's mind , i do n't know how some people can be so cold and just say they 're not our problem , fuck em . 
  the stat does state western europe specifically , also mh17 was hardly a terrorism act if it was a mistake . 
  he was n't part of any political party in 2007 either as far as i know . 
  the uk would be an important country , but i do n't think you realize the scale of things in today 's world . 
  the usa and china are so much bigger than anyone else , only the eu can compete ( and win ) against them . 
  the uk is a dwarf by comparison . 
  that 's why it would be a `` middle economy '' , not because it 's the world 's 5 ` th economy , but because it would exist on another level compared to the giants of this world , thus its influence would be much smaller as well . 
  in romania politicians probably fear these kind of protests more than in other countries , i mean it was n't that long ago when we shot our glorious leader and his wife . 
  most of the politicians governing now have lived through those times and saw what happened when people finally had enough . 
  nobody wants to be the next ceausescu . 
  sure , it ca n't really happen nowadays in romania as things are n't that bad , but i do n't think they wan na risk it too much either . 
  think of it like this . 
  under what circumstances is it better to resign ? 
  when you 're indicted for corruption charges and you end up looking guilty as fuck or during an incident like this one where he gets to play the honorable politician that took responsibility upon himself even though he did n't really have any in this particular case . 
  everyone is biased . 
  your news sources are as well . 
  the degree of it matters a lot though . 
  dude , if digi24 has any bias towards the socialists , it 's a bit of a negative bias , since they frequently call out their bullshit and have guests on their shows that speak of their wrongdoings all the time . 
  they covered the oprea case more than anyone else and the protests last night as well . 
  hotnews on the other hand is more than just a little biased towards the right and if they 're your point of reference when it comes to objective journalism i can see why you would think digi24 is biased towards the left . 
  i think that your calibration is a bit off though because hotnews is definitely biased towards the right . 
  antena3 and rtv are so left leaning they 're at risk of falling off the scale and realitatea and b1 are biased towards the right to a good degree , with realitatea being more biased towards pnl and b1 towards mp and basescu , but not quite as batshit as the former two left leaning stations . 
  i would put digi24 right in the middle and they seem to be the least biased towards any one party or ideology , although they do have a bit of bias against psd , which in my opinion is well deserved and not really a sign of subjectivity . 
  if you have n't even given digi24 a try then you should n't put them in the same basket as antena3 . 
  they 're by far the most professional . 
  what 's wrong with digi24 ? 
  they actually report news , they do n't manipulate like a3 does . 
  corruption is a big problem in romania . 
  it 's not like people have become unreasonable placing blame where there 's none , because there is a lot of blame to go around and it 's all tied around corruption . 
  that 's why people are protesting . 
  they also asked that the minister of internal affairs and the prime minister resign because one abused his position and the other has an ongoing trial where he 's accused of a lot of crimes that basically everyone suspects he has committed because he 's shown a lot of times that he is a scumbag and is friends with a lot of other corrupt scumbags . 
  it 's all tied to corruption and the local authorities are corrupt as well , that is the problem , it was their fault as well because they are too incompetent and riddled with corruption to what they are supposed to do , which is to enforce the law . 
  you have to understand that in romania almost all clubs are death traps just like this one , none of them obey the rules , this is known by everyone and yet nobody did anything about it so far , the club owners take advantage of how easily they can get around the local authorities with bribes . 
  the problem with your logic is that you think people should assume responsibility for their deaths somehow because there 's a very minuscule chance of something like this happening to them . 
  hundreds of thousands of people go clubbing every weekend and you somehow manage to view them as maniacs with a death wish . 
  the problem here was that one of the emergency doors was closed and that the staff was completely unequipped to deal with a situation like this . 
  in any case it was a freak accident , one in a million , and it 's pretty fucked up that you think it 's their fault they burned alive in a club . 
  yeah , you can say that again after a few more years of the russian economy contracting . 
  corruption there is just too big , that 's why . 
  it 's the biggest problem of them all . 
  now that is what makes me truly unhappy with ponta 's government , their stance on corruption is unjustifiable if we want to have a properly working country . 
  the guy watches too much antena3 , it 's sad really . 
  he lives in a parallel universe where traian basescu is still some president in the shadows , pulling strings to the left and right , even though he has like 4 different criminal charges against him at the moment and what was known as his ' 2nd in command ' miss udrea is facing trial for a bunch of crimes as well . 
  it 's just pointless . 
  they ca n't see logic . 
  even after udrea gets some really long prison sentences in the future they 're still going to believe all these conspiracies and find some reason why the former government is actually secretly in control , even though nowadays psd and unpr are running the show big time and pnl is weak and powerless . 
  the guy is right . 
  it 's economics . 
  for a country it is a bad thing to have a surplus , because it means they are n't using the money wisely . 
  if they would use the money wisely , they would invest in infrastructure like / u/jondevries said . 
  infrastructure investments bring huge pluses to the economy and it is the best way to make it grow in a sustained manner . 
  investments are actually being cut this year as well , just like in the past year , which is a very bad thing . 
  it means the government is too incompetent to spend the money wisely . 
  i understand your point of view , how can it be bad to have more money . 
  of course it is a good thing that tax collection has got more efficient in this past year and we have more money , but to keep an economy growing you have to do smart things with that money you made , not just cut taxes , but a lot of investments in infrastructure . 
  i 'm sure you know how much romania needs infrastructure , you live here . 
  you saw what happened with the highway between orastie-sibiu , the government was so incompetent that they compromised the whole integrity of a highway just to be able to cut the ribbon the day before the elections of last year . 
  tax cuts are fine , but that 's something any fool can do , it 's the easiest way to make everyone think how great the economy is going and how much they 're accomplishing . 
  the cost of what ? 
  the costs are in the infrastructure they build and have regardless , it does n't cost them much of anything to ping very small packages of data around . 
  amen . 
  romania is poor when compared to western nations , but not poor when compared to the average country . 
  romania does want to become part of schengen , but france , germany , the netherlands have always opposed it . 
  it 's going to happen again this year , rest assured . 
  france especially really does n't want us to join because they 're a bunch of populist xenophobic cunts that still think romanians are just a bunch of gypsies . 
  because one is a fetus and the other is already a child born ? 
  fetuses at that stage where they can be aborted are just balls of meat that are growing , they 're not a person like a child is . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  czechs give me the impression of being really liberal and open in general . 
  also not very religious . 
  you 're seriously overestimating how informed or capable of critical thinking most people are . 
  most just believe whatever the fuck their family or the tv tells them . 
  it 's not an issue of wanting to go , the eu is sending them to bulgaria whether they want it or not . 
  what am i going to use if not statistics ? 
  arguments based on emotions and fear like you are ? 
  i was using statistics to prove my point that you ca n't compare what the colonial powers did a hundred years ago with what is happening today and to make that comparison is dishonest and manipulative . 
  although this seems to be norm nowadays around here . 
  hurr durr immigrants are a bunch of lazy cunts and terrorists and they 're going to destroy european culture . 
  yeah , right , because that 's not an exaggeration at all . 
  the statistics are just a means to put actual numbers on the issue instead of just talking emotions and personal feelings on immigrants . 
  not like your logic is any better . 
  it 's one thing to have minorities representing a small part of your population brought into a country that is already stable , prosperous and democratic and it 's another situation entirely to draw arbitrary lines to make up countries like the colonial powers did a century ago in a place that was already neither peaceful , nor democratic or prosperous , nor with a coherent national identity . 
  so far about 600k refugees have come into europe this year , that is absolutely nothing compared to the population of the eu ( it 's 0.1 % of the population ) and the `` threat '' that people feel they bring is greatly exaggerated by fear and the unrest the economic crisis created in the last few years . 
  farage , for some reason or another , seems to have a personal vendetta against the eu , either that or he really is playing the russian 's game . 
  in any case , good job uk for listening to this nutjob . 
  yeah i hope so too but it 's pretty hard to believe considering just how easily trump got triggered numerous times during this campaign . 
  exactly , i feel like people are so blinded by ideology and hatred that they fail to see the complexity of the situations we are facing and instead want easy answers and easy scapegoats to their problems . 
  this coupled with the popularity of conspiracy theories and how easily they are embraced by the disillusioned leads to a dangerous lack of rationality in the public discourse . 
  they 're helping each other because they need each other for now , but you 're naive to think that the friendship will last if they actually get in power .
