  you and many others would probably do the same in that situation . 
  and this is where we become two different people . 
  a lot of people on the `` do n't let anyone in '' side seem to be willing to break a lot of rules , treaties , constitutions , use force and such to accomplish their goals , while i think that doing those things is by far the worst thing to do , while the right thing to do is to respect ourselves first of all and extend some respect to others as well by complying with the laws we ourselves have agreed to have and by putting these people through the asylum process like we damn ought to . 
  the biggest worry is the increase in authoritarianism the `` we do n't want refugees '' side seems to exhibit , this is the most obvious poison of them all and the biggest danger , many are not just willing , but demand that we act contrary to the international treaties we have signed and even contrary to our own moral standards and national laws . 
  respecting the rules only when it suits you is one sure fire way of eroding our democracies and increasing authoritarianism . 
  of course it does matter when people claim merkel said this or that just to further their own agenda , that 's when you tell them how full of shit they are . 
  returned where ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you mean being passed off into someone elses hands that does n't want them . 
  what you 've argued is that the vast majority will use it to get back to their home country , which is absolute bull , nobody will go back to a fucking massacre just because you kicked them out with $ 100 to spare . 
  i love how all your solutions are something not even a 2 ` nd grader would think would work . 
  what you argued is exactly that , one excludes the other , they 're either refugees or economic migrants . 
  that 's simply bullshit , refugees are still refugees , that 's not determined by whether they 've passed through a relatively safer state , it 's determined by the fact that they 're fleeing from their war devastated homes . 
  you 're only painting them with a very board brush as a bunch of opportunists and gold diggers instead of calling them what they actually are , which is refugees , simply because you wan na demonize them . 
   this is 3 billion people , you stupid bastard . 
  it 's one thing to flee from war and it 's another to conflate the issue to the 3 billion people living in poverty . 
  i may be stupid , but you are extremely dishonest and manipulative . 
  the first makes you a refugee , the second makes you an economic migrant . 
  the big hole in your logic starts with the fact that you think refugees are only refugees until they exit the border of whatever country they 're fleeing from , which is bullshit . 
  except you ca n't just force sovereign countries to do that . 
  so i 'm still not so sure you know what we 're talking about here . 
  that 's extremely unfair and bullying behavior . 
  i was doing nothing more than highlighting that 1 in 200 are still very high odds in response to the statement that it 's `` very safe if you go by statistics '' , which is blatantly wrong and misleading . 
  1 in 200 is nowhere near very safe , it 's really dangerous and a risk that the vast majority of people would not take . 
  you ca n't ignore the sizable portion that are running from war . 
  you 're just deflecting towards issues that have nothing to do with accepting asylum requests and everything to do with the verification process that can only start once they 're here . 
  people are proposing to shut down everything without even using the procedures we have at our disposal to discriminate between real refugees and profiteers and in stead discriminating based on their religion , ethnicity or country of origin , which is pretty much against all international treaties and our own constitutions . 
  there will be less services to provide if the uk leaves the eu . 
  yeah , you are right , the difference is that taking odds of 1 in 200 to get to another town is stupid , the risk of taking 1 in 200 odds to get away from civil war and isis to get to a very stable and safe europe is worth it . 
  people are n't risking death because they wan na have a nice fucking vacation , they 're risking their lives with 1 in 200 odds because they have serious reasons to do so . 
  which does n't answer my question , only confirms the problem . 
  do you force other countries to take them in ? 
  in order to find out which ones are legitimate refugees and which are n't , we first have to take them in and put them through the process of verification , otherwise you 're just condemning everyone on the mere fact that they all happen to be muslims or from a certain country . 
  this is forbidden by pretty much all conventions we have signed , contrary to the declaration of human rights and to the constitution of pretty much every european state which puts equality before the law and non-discrimination high on the list of what a democracy is . 
  so it does n't matter what she actually said ? 
  just what people put in her mouth ? 
  one does n't exclude the other you dishonest bastard . 
  you can flee from war and still want to have an opportunity to make something of your life . 
  it 's not like refugees stop being people with hopes of better lives . 
  so 1 in 200 is so much better right ? 
  do you even know how huge of that chance is compared to anything you face in your life ? 
  if there was a 1 in 200 chance you could die of something you 'd avoid it like a plague . 
  car accidents for example kill 1 in 11.000 inhabitants per year , if those odds were 1 in 200 which is a 55 times higher chance of dying , we 'd probably ban manual driving . 
  none of which are truly threatened by this . 
  you 're conflating the issue into something it 's not even remotely close of being . 
  the security issues we 've faced are absolutely minor in the normal scheme of things and european culture is alive and well , so you can stop pretending we 're under siege . 
  yeah , that 's still half the people you wan na screw over because you do n't like a part of them . 
  why are you so sure they would n't stay ? 
  the ones that are really fleeing from war will sure as hell rather stay in algeria or egypt rather than go back to isis . 
  if they know europe wo n't have them , of course they 'd rather stay there than go home . 
  so , do we just force those countries to take people instead of us ? 
  what you guys are proposing is absolutely ridiculous , just for the sake of not having to accept refugees because they 're muslims , like all of them deserve to go fuck themselves because a small part are assholes . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  is n't that why we 're so civilized now and we abolished the death penalty for example ? 
  because we do n't wan na let innocent people die just so we get rid of some bad one ? 
  that 's why we first have to accept them and then check if they are legitimate refugees or not and that 's why we ca n't just send them all back . 
  simple as that . 
  somehow you do n't seem to realize that in order to determine which refugees are `` legit '' or not you first have to accept them in your country . 
  you ca n't check whether their refugees while they 're on the boats for fucks sake , it takes a lot of time to sort through that many people . 
  this is already happening by the way , but what you 're proposing is to just send everyone back , so including legit refugees . 
  yeah , because they take the risk of an extremely costly and dangerous trip so they can go back home with $ 100 . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  it 's like the immigrant hate has made most people brain dead . 
  you 're all over the place , china , ukraine , people should n't rely on the usa , but russia wo n't attack us because we 're in alliance with the usa , who the fuck even knows anymore , probably not even you . 
  why exactly do you think russia would n't attack a nato member , is it because they know the usa would never come to help like you suggest ? 
  no , it 's because they think the usa would , because it 's in their interest to uphold the nato treaty . 
  you 're contradicting your own logic . 
  still , if only russia would know your deep geopolitical insights , they 'd know they 'd have nothing to worry about . 
  what 's china where ? 
  what ? 
  the usa has to defend china from russian aggression ? 
  this is a topic about romania , a nato member , not ukraine or syria . 
  you 're so fucking out of this world for saying that the usa has no interest in defending a nato member while deflecting it towards china like it has anything to do with this discussion . 
  if you 're going to throw all context out the window we ca n't really have an honest argument . 
  the context in this case being that turkey 's airspace has been repeatedly violated by russia so it 's not like they just came out guns blazing at the slightest provocation , what they did was give a very serious warning for it to not happen again , and then russia being the assholes that they are tried to push them and test their limits , see if they have the guts to go through with their warning . 
  at that point turkey was backed into a corner and had it not shot down the plane they would 've seemed incredibly weak and incapable . 
  this mistake is completely on russia simply because you do n't provoke someone that 's already backed up against a corner with no reasonable way out ( without looking pathetically weak in this case ) . 
  if you still decide to do it , you ca n't have the victim card to play as well . 
  yeah , guess what , every nation or union has some problems , nothing is perfect . 
  russia 's goal is to divide the eu because that means not only a weaker europe in general but also weaker individual states , that 's very much in russia 's interest because they want their little sphere of influence and nobody to bother them . 
  what / u/masquechatice is saying that these problems are greatly overblown in order to further said goals , sowing distrust and fear is the name of the game . 
  dude are you even serious ? 
  how could they possibly know the plane would turn around and enter syrian airspace after the missile was already fired ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure the russian 's knew it , it was probably their plan all along in order to make turkey look bad , but turkey had no way of knowing what the intentions of that plane were , since you know , it never bothered to respond to the warnings . 
  why the fuck are so many dutch people sucking on russia 's dick in this thread ? 
  or is that just the preferred nationality russian shills like to take up ? 
  not sure if brainwashed/shill/stupid . 
  it 's like you slept through all of the history classes and everything that has happened in the last few years . 
  russia does n't need any provocation to interfere with eastern europe , they 've been doing it for centuries . 
  if you 're only talking about the netherlands , then you 're right , but still a major fucking asshole for pretending russia is n't a threat to the rest of us . 
  the question is how far will they be willing to go to make that happen , because currently romania has absolutely no interest in returning under russia 's influence . 
  ever heard of this country called russia ? 
  threatening eastern europe has been kind of their thing for centuries now . 
  yeah , it 's insane . 
  romania has no interest in ukraine and nobody has ever even suggested any kind of intervention in ukraine , unless it was to help you guys out against russia . 
  we do n't even have any nationalist movements that wan na reclaim lost romanian territories or anything like the hungarians do for example . 
  no we would n't , nazi germany only tolerated us because they liked our oil , otherwise they viewed eastern europeans as scum . 
  the ussr did a lot of damage , that 's true , but to think that it would 've been better if the nazis would 've won the war is extremely wishful thinking . 
  it 's not so simple . 
  like another poster said , france and germany would be way quicker to compromise with russia and let them have their sphere of influence in eastern europe than the usa would be . 
  nobody 's saying the usa cares deeply about romania or something , they 're saying that the usa seems to be way more willing to get involved if nato and ultimately their sphere of influence is threatened by russia .
