  even here on reddit you are bombarded with opposing views non-stop . 
  let 's not pretend that it 's the same as reading a newspaper . 
  fact is that most people like one or two newspapers or tv channels and they tend to watch those almost all the time . 
  on the internet you get all the views you want like you 've said , but you get them all . 
  yeah , no , that 's not true . 
  if you 're somewhat interested in politics and approach it with some amount of critical thinking you 're probably ahead of most people already . 
  just because they 're older does n't mean they 're more knowledgeable , most people know fuck all about the economy or how the state runs . 
   hurr durr where do muslims live in peace see ? 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  you 're a poster child . 
  are you seriously implying they do n't live in peace anywhere ? 
  we have a minority of muslims in the south east of romania and yes they live in peace , they 're very well integrated . 
  in fact , they live in peace in most places because most muslims are n't actually violent or criminals , hard as it would be for you to believe . 
  i hear that conservative nationalists are not particularly science friendly either . 
  some parties even deny climate change . 
  it 'll indeed probably become more pretentious and unpatriotic to say something about liking science . 
  `` god damn scientists stealing our jobs with their climate change non-sense '' . 
  that 's really not the essence of our democracy , as it is a representative one and not a direct democracy . 
  there are some elements of direct democracy such as referendums , but those have always been held under specific circumstances , in this case the fact that 52 % of britons wanted to leave the eu is not necessarily the best of things , as people easily change their minds and taking such a huge decision for the future with such a small majority that could disappear any day is called doing a terrible job as a politician . 
  cameron just took a huge risk to satisfy his personal interests of first getting into power and then maintaining it , and he has failed spectacularly , achieving the result he really wished would n't come . 
  this is a huge fail in politics , cameron fucked up bad . 
  do n't be surprised if in the next years you 'll keep hearing more and more people think that the uk fucked up . 
  a politician is n't your best friend , he 's there to take decisions , some of which negatively affect some people . 
  it 's not so much about trust as it is about capability , because without capability , the results are going to be chaotic and dangerous . 
  governing a country and setting its policy is n't something you do emotionally based on uninformed opinions . 
  that 's a lie , i doubt most of you are aware , just like in most other western nations . 
  also , maybe the reason why you think that nearly all the ones that come there are gypsies is because that 's all the news shows you and that 's all you see . 
  you see a romanian guy and you assume his british , you do n't even think twice , but then you see a gypsy and many of you think `` fucking romanians '' . 
  it 's true and you know it . 
  let me ask you something . 
  say you were a politician , say you 're one of the decision factors in a representative democracy , bestowing you with the responsibility to take the best decision you possibly can take for your country , in such a situation if you know the people are wrong , even if they are the majority , then what do you do ? 
  because to me it seems like it 's your responsibility to know better in that situation . 
  people elected you for a reason , and the reason is n't to be a spineless coward that does something blatantly damaging to the country just because people are pissed . 
  of course it comes off as arrogant , but damaging your own nation and going down in history as the guy that knowingly fucked up the nation is rather not what you want to be . 
  it 's not condescending , it 's realistic . 
  the education system of most countries utterly fails much of the population . 
  school most often tells you what to think instead of teaching you how to think , that predictably leads to large swaths of people that are used to be told what to think by their parents or authority figures instead of using critical thinking and coming to their own conclusions . 
  that 's a real problem in most countries , so do n't think i 'm criticizing the british . 
  that 's great except if they wan na be like switzerland they 'll still have to adopt most eu legislation while getting none of the say of what happens inside the eu . 
  it 's like putting yourself back in the same position that you hated before , but now you do it with even less of a say in the matter . 
  yeah but as always people only see the downsides . 
  a migrant might take up a job , but he might also create two in the process , but that 's much harder to quantify so it was n't for the leave side to consider . 
  same with the net contributions that the uk makes into the eu fund and so on . 
  presenting a simple `` truth '' is easy and it 's enough for many to be swayed , presenting a complex answer on which not even experts can all agree on or predict with total accuracy is n't , though most do agree that both inter-eu immigration and eu membership bring net value . 
  i live in romania thank you very much , blaming merkel for all of europe 's problems is so fucking stupid it 's not even worth a reply , yet here i am taking the bait . 
  first of all the migrant crisis did n't happen because of fucking merkel , it does n't matter how you personally interpreted it , because those refugees were already well on their way here . 
  second of all , this is a big one , so pay attention , the british had a hard on against immigrants long before the refugee crisis even happened , their whole `` the romanians are coming '' shtick has been going on for way longer than any kind of crisis and the hate and vitriol has been real for years now . 
  farage famously announced last year how millions of romanians will flood the uk once work restrictions are lifted , it was a big deal because everyone sat waiting at the airport for the hordes of romanians to invade the uk and all they got were a few families that came there to work . 
  whatever , it 's not worth having a discussion with you , i 've seen your type of rhetoric on reddit countless times already , you have absolutely no mind of your own and you 're just repeating soundbytes about `` merkel is destroying europe through soros ' multicultural agenda '' here , you can read it from the very mouth ( hand ) of a briton : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pkt01/uk_votes_to_leave_eu/d4mkckn so how much longer will you keep blaming merkel for the general xenophobia and ignorance of the leave side ? 
  in great britain most people believe romanians = gypsies , so yeah , fuck off , because i unlike you know what i 'm talking about . 
  ignorance is by far the biggest issue . 
  yeah , i 've been repeating this all over reddit for the past 2 days . 
  people keep pretending it 's about the refugee crisis or whatever the fuck , but the britons had a hard on for ragging on us long before that . 
  most of you think that romanians = gypsies . 
  nuff said . 
  yeah i agree with that , i was just pointing out that the rivers were n't overflowing with milk and honey back then either . 
  it 's just because i see this myth very often on reddit about how the boomers had it so good , in truth part of their selfishness comes from the very fact that `` good '' was much more limited than now . 
  as a general trend there was a lot of economic growth during their time , that much is true , but that 's also due to some unique contexts . 
  i 'm only saying this because i think people need to have a more realistic view and expectations . 
  old people have grown up in a different world , they were always going to be more conservative and nationalistic than we are . 
  the only real way to `` defeat '' them would 've been if young people would 've gotten off their collective asses to go and vote , because many did n't , you ca n't stop old people from voting however they wish , but you ( not you personally ) can get up your own ass and go vote in order to make a difference . 
  i 'm curious what the turnout was for the under 30 group that is heavily pro-remain . 
  it was stated from the very beginning that the scope of the eu , eec or whatever the fuck you want to call it is to bring about ever more unity and integration . 
   imo the fast expansion has not been a good idea i dunno , it seems to me that it was a great thing . 
  there might be a problem though when most westerners for example think that all romanians are stealing gypsies . 
  do n't even try to deny it , most people think romanians = gypsies , the examples go on forever . 
  the whole position of the leave side is based on shite generalizations and misinformation . 
  350 million pounds to the eu per week my ass ... 
  it 's all going to go to the nhs my ass x2 ... 
  is it really democratic when most people vote based on how they 're told by the rag they like to read because `` they 're the only ones tellin the truth !! '', 
  i mean the amount of misinformation and straight out lies has been staggering , it 's clear that most people have not voted in full knowledge , rather they did so based on shitty propaganda and scaremongering . 
  that 's why people are saying the referendum was a bad idea from the very beginning . 
  the issue is so complex and yet the election was decided on emotion . 
  pretty sure most western nations forbid it . 
  good thing we have the official results now so we can make such determinations . 
  those polls did n't ` swear on me mums lyfe '' , in fact many polls have shown leave to win , while the last one has shown remain will 52:48 , hardly such a big deal you 're making it out to be . 
  it was obvious that the results are going to be tight and tight they were . 
  britons have been ragging on about how `` romanians are coming '' and taking their jerbs long before any whiff of the refugee crisis . 
  it 's always the others , those that the masses deem as inferior . 
  it does n't matter whether we 're talking about islamists or eastern europeans , the hate was very present in both cases . 
  we have representative democracy not direct democracy . 
  there 's very good reasons for that as explained by the other guy , but i 'll give you another one : the reason why direct democracy sucks is simply because it 's the equivalent of choosing the most average man you can possibly find and make him take all the decisions , from financial to international policy . 
  do you need more convincing than that ? 
  and when i say average , i really do mean average , i do n't mean average in your circle of friends or average in london , i mean the kind of average where you know that like one third of the population does n't know if the moon is closer than the sun to the earth or where 1 in 5 british teenagers do n't know whether churchill was real or not . 
  representative democracy works better at the moment for us because at least theoretically our elected leaders are way above average in education , knowledge and administrative capabilities . 
  the biggest problem seems to be an image one . 
  people are imagining shady fucking people doing backroom deals on how to fuck over the common man . 
  in reality the eu works pretty democratically and it 's a helluva ambitious and interesting project , but their marketing is just horrid and the image of the eu has taken a real beating ever since national politicians realized they can blame the eu for everything going wrong in the country to dodge any kind of responsibility . 
  many eastern europeans take jobs that most westerners are n't even willing to do . 
  it 's a cultural problem in much of the west , kids have been raised to believe they 're way too good for menial jobs and that they should all be doctors and engineers . 
  that leads to a lot of people that do n't really want to work because they expect more than what the world is willing to offer them . 
  you know , i just remember today how i used to be really into science and nature and stuff ever since i was a kid , i used to watch documentaries for fun . 
  i was n't more than 7-8 years old in age and even back then felt that i could n't really relate to most adults about that stuff , because most of them are n't interested in any of that and do n't know much about it . 
  well , i was right . 
  i probably knew more shit about science and nature when i was 8 years old than most adults , is that cringy ? 
  because to me it 's just sad that like a third of the planet could n't tell you whether the moon was closer to the earth than the sun . 
  it 's the same regarding this as well , it really does n't take much knowledge to realize just how little grasp most people have on the matters at hand . 
  why do you think tabloids have such a huge success for example ? 
  when do you think most of your immigrants came to britain and where from ? 
  basically what you 're saying is that despite the fact that we 're no longer in 1960 , somehow you 're going to make things be like they were in 1960 .
