  ok man , whatever . 
  if you want to antagonize people just because thats what gets you off , go do it , just dont expect others not to call you a retard . 
  sorry to break it to you but plenty of people have drawn mohammed and did not get killed for it . 
  you can find thousands of pics . 
  if people are exercising freedom of speech , fine , but when you just do that to piss of muslims , no , it 's not fine , you 're just an asshole and they can rightfully get offended . 
  i do n't agree with your analogy . 
  people cherry pick what they want from their religion all the time . 
  christians do it , jews do it , pretty much every religious person does it . 
  there 's horrible shit in the bible too and a lot of atrocities have been committed in the name of god , but that does n't stop most christians today from cherry picking the nice parts and being decent human beings . 
  in essence it 's exactly the same with islam , it 's just that unlike the middle east , which is war torn and poor , the west is well off and has known peace for a long time , which allowed people to move past religion and take it more lightly , thus ( mostly ) cherry picking the nice parts . 
  a lot of muslims also do this as well , they 're not that different , but because of the situation in the middle east , a lot also use islam as a weapon . 
  terrorism is a problem because of today 's circumstances surrounding the muslim world , that 's my opinion , i do n't think it 's simply inherent to islam just like i do n't think crusades are inherent to christianity . 
  people make of religion what they wish , but it 's highly correlated with the environment they live in . 
  on the other hand , neo-nazis at their core think certain humans are filth that need to be removed , so you wo n't see neo-nazis teaching their kids anything but hate for certain people . 
  this is n't the case with muslims , most of them are n't raise to hate the white man or christians . 
  in fact if you travel to a muslim country , you 'll find that the people there do n't hate us , most of them will be very friendly . 
  i doubt this is the case for a jew meeting neo-nazis . 
  yeah i 'm blind to reason because i do n't think antagonizing all muslims as some means of getting back for terrorism is going to play out like you say it will , as in getting them to ` understand ' . 
  there is reason , but i 'm afraid you 're not seeing it because of emotion . 
  this is n't a solution and it 's certainly not reasonable . 
  lets face it , drawing mohammed in that situation would n't be done for the purpose of freedom of speech , it would be done to antagonize . 
  offending people just because is being an asshole , whether its your right to do it is irrelevant to my point . 
  if someone legitimately has a need to draw mohammed for art purposes or whatever , i 'm not saying they should n't do it , what i 'm saying is that people should n't purposely antagonize others and pretend they 're making a point by doing it , because we all know ( or should know ) that all it will achieve is create negativity , and the real point would n't be about freedom of speech , it would be about giving muslims a middle finger , i know you , you know , muslims will know it . 
  sure you can hide behind your rights and justify it as some righteous act , but it 's all a very thin veneer . 
  when it comes from within maybe , not when a bunch of europeans decide to antagonize all muslims as some means of getting back for terrorism . 
  saying muslims are on a spectrum from `` less awful '' to `` most awful '' pretty much says it all . 
  you seem to believe muslims are incapable of being decent human beings . 
  sad . 
  it 's also highly fucking ironic that it 's often people on the far-right that use these arguments to have a reason to hate muslims , while they themselves are pretty much the other side of the same coin , which is authoritarian ideologues that like to shit on other people . 
  so we should be assholes just because . 
  what 's it to you anyway ? 
  do you think it will make things better if we start shitting on them en mass ? 
  are you dying to draw mohammed or something ? 
  it 's just a stupid thing they believe in . 
  it really does n't cost you anything and if you think you 're fighting the good fight , you 're not , you 'd just be an asshole towards a billion people for basically no reason . 
  not what i asked for , and it does n't even link to the study . 
  i did some searching though because the study claims that native brits also have a negative impact and i found this : http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/net_immigration_464_1.gif now , you would n't say a majority of brits are unemployed right ? 
  costing the system more than you contribute seems to be a problem throughout the whole population . 
  it seems like only eu immigrants contribute more . 
  you ca n't make immigrants out to be the devil when they seem to contribute at a ratio very similar to the native population , unless you 're willing to say brits are just as ` lazy ' and ` unemployed ' . 
  your comment in itself is n't a problem , it 's when a lot of people start thinking this way when it does become a very real problem that ends with innocent people suffering . 
  when people start believing muslims in general are the problem and start voting and acting accordingly , that 's how you end up with people starting to get hurt in very real ways , the vast majority innocent of any crimes . 
  your post could n't be more general . 
  many muslims know about bad muslims intentions and do nothing what ? 
  was n't there recently a case in belgium where one of the brothers of the terrorist was an olympic ? 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/brother-of-belgian-terrorist-heading-for-the-olympics-a-1103743.html does it seem like he supported his brother or something ? 
  these people are often mentally ill but i doubt even their immediate family could imagine they would be capable of doing such a thing . 
  you can call it denial at worst , but most decent human beings would never believe one of their family members could commit such an atrocious act . 
  well people die all the time . 
  it 's life . 
  yes it 's fucking cruel sometimes and bad things happen to innocent people , but you ca n't demand the impossible or live your life in fear , because that 's how you really fail at life . 
  terrorism is a very minor cause of death compared to others , and in some cases it 's no more preventable than a lightning strike . 
  like when some madman finally snaps and plows his car through a crowd . 
   everyone in europe appreciates working muslim immigrants - who are a clear minority among muslim immigrants in europe , but always something . 
  that 's just not true . 
  look up the stats for the uk and tell me , are most muslims unemployed ? 
  just get to the point . 
  muslims = terrorists right ? 
  well you 're not thinking rationally , but emotionally . 
  not every attack can be prevented , unless you 're willing to become a literal incarnation of 1984 with massive restrictions of rights , mass surveillance and a completely closed off society that is monitored to their very thoughts . 
  so ... no thanks . 
  they should do their jobs of course , but it 's impossible to stop every attack . 
  they 're not , but their intent is clearly to terrorize and not to win a war in a traditional sense . 
  you do n't win wars by killing a a few dozen civilians , what you achieve by doing that is instilling terror . 
  that is their ultimate purpose . 
  they ca n't defeat any european country in a war , so they bait us into doing ourselves harm , it 's pretty much their stated purpose . 
  just look at the countless billions of dollars the us has spent as a direct result of 9/11 , the loss of life , the whole mess in the middle east that they caused , much of it can be traced back to that one attack . 
  losing 3000 civilians is a very sad event , but it does n't cripple a country , certainly not the us , which has lost more men in a single day during big wars , for years on end , what it did achieve however is make them respond disproportionately and thus making the world and their country a shittier place . 
  terror attacks are effective not because of the objective harm they inflict , but because of the domino effect they cause which is mostly just countries reacting very disproportionately to them , which tends to have much larger implications and consequences down the line . 
  well that 's the thing , you would n't be saying fuck you to the terrorists , you would be saying fuck you to all muslims . 
  i get that this is what a lot of you want , but that 's crap . 
  a lot of muslims suffer at the hands of terrorists too ( a lot more than us actually ) , so it 's just adding fuel to the fire to act that way towards our fellow humans . 
   many jewish organizations were vehemently hostile towards nation states emerging after wwii . 
  huh ? 
  i doubt it . 
  nation states were a thing long before ww2 . 
   another matter is power , it 's very hard to push and control democratic nation state , country and it 's easy to control people without common identity , heritage , values , loyalty by means soros uses even now . 
  imo that is completely false . 
  it 's much easier to bully and corrupt a national state than the eu for example . 
   mass mena immigration into europe looks quite sinister , i 'm sorry . 
  nobody 's forcing mass mena immigration and if someone is it certainly is n't soros . 
  soros did n't start the syrian war , soros did n't fuck up the me , bush did that and the english long before . 
  you 're giving soros way too much credit and power on what he can do . 
  he 's good at finance but he does not have near the political power you imagine he does . 
  running a few ngo 's does n't make one rule a country or influence its policy in meaningful ways . 
  if you 're looking for people with a lot more influence you can look to rupert murdoch , he controls an entire media empire that definitely influences public opinion in a big way . 
  ironically he 's a right-wing corrupt asshole that has definitely used his newspapers to scapegoat soros . 
  i do n't think soros wants to import massive numbers of mena immigrants , no . 
  i also do n't think he wants to destroy white people , since he 's white himself . 
  he just encourages diversity , which does n't mean you want to destroy white people , it just means you want to encourage individualism , equality and getting along despite our differences . 
  honestly soros is pretty misunderstood and very unfairly represented especially by the far right/left that claims he hunted jews or was a nazi collaborator and other bs . 
  it 's easy to take things out of context and use them as political weapons . 
  it 's just too funny . 
  many romanians go to pula , it always gets chuckles . 
  it 's even funnier than you 'd think because one of our favorite swears is `` du-te-n pula mea '' which means `` go into my dick '' , a kind of fuck you , fuck off . 
  so when people say they 're going to pula it 's like they 're saying they are gon na fuck off . 
  `` where you going ? '', 
  pretty hilarious, 
   secondary fault lines exist between those who believe that germany deliberately planned a european war , those who believe that the war was ultimately unplanned but still caused principally by germany and austria-hungary taking risks , and those who believe that either all or some of the other powers , namely russia , france , serbia and great britain , played a more significant role in causing the war than has been traditionally suggested . 
  so ... no .
