  so then we should fight for primaries to be held like in the us . 
  but as we can see people are still unhappy about the choices they have so that does n't seem to work either . 
  people are always unhappy about something or another , things are never perfect , best you can hope for is electing someone that you think is n't out to intentionally screw you or undermine democracy or shit like that , but rather someone that has the competence and the courage to take decisions that they think is the best overall for everyone . 
  it would n't exactly be a `` take it or leave it '' kind of deal , it would just be the final draft , amendments could probably still be made in that year . 
  it 's just that it 's crazy to think the negotiations could ever hope to be successful if you 'd just involve the whole world in them . 
  it isnt ' how it works . 
  people are very divided and it 's exactly why we have representatives that should decide on what 's better overall . 
  then the people and everyone else can see and decide for themselves if it 's worth it or not . 
  simply put , you ca n't have a negotiation between a billion people . 
  it 's not some conspiracy that the negotiations are private , it 's how it has always been . 
  it is n't a goal in itself . 
  the goal of multiculturalism is to make diversity work once it 's already a reality . 
  this is what the circlejerk on / r/europe does n't seem to get , you ca n't ignore the reality that is already there , you have to make it work . 
  the problem comes from the fact that while many people believe the way to make it work is to promote integration , stop discrimination , give people equal opportunities and fair treatment and so on , the other side seems to believe that the solution is to be an asshole towards them and make them feel unwelcome , because they 're a bunch of criminals/terrorists/thieves or whatever and we do n't want them here . 
  the sad part is that the latter has been tried for most of human history and it never works out towards something good , those people just end up being more marginalized and thus creating even bigger problems , or it leads to shit like the holocaust . 
  however , that does n't seem stop people from being like that . 
  today it 's probably better than it ever was in human history and humans are more accepting of others , but there 's still plenty of people teaching their kids that it is ok to be distrustful or even outright hateful towards your fellow human beings because of a snap judgement based off the color of their skin . 
  the stormfront idiots on / r/europe however see nothing wrong with that because their whole world view centers around the idea that white people are good , brown people are usually bad , thus it 's okay to discriminate against them because they 're probably some criminal or freeloader anyway . 
  yeah , we are paying attention . 
  you see some newspaper showing some drama-story about immigrants as a sign that they 're `` pushing the narrative of diversity '' while i see the tabloids of murdoch which are the most widely read in the uk demonizing immigrants and reporting every rape or murder done by one until enough hate was built up that eventually culminated in the brexit . 
  it 's just that you seem incapable of recognizing that there 's just as much if not more vilification of immigrants as there are `` positive stories '' , simply because the former conform with your beliefs that they are undesirables and that we should send them all home . 
  what strawman ? 
  do you really not see the irony ? 
  you 're drawing the conclusion that diversity is a goal in itself for people when that is n't what the article suggests at all . 
  it 's the same kind of bullshit like when people think that globalization is a goal in itself . 
  it is n't . 
  they 're both things that happen because of technological development , easier mobility and communications , also in much of the west diversity happened because of former colonies and not because it was some `` goal '' . 
  diversity at this point , in western europe at least , is a fact , it 's not a goal in itself . 
  the goal is to make diversity work , which is a very good goal , because the alternative is something much darker . 
  so no , to answer your question , diversity was never really a goal in itself , making diversity that is already there work is a goal . 
  or maybe it was because ukrainian 's got a little sick of having a president that listens to the wishes of the kremlin more than to the wishes of the people . 
  it 's not the us that led to the destabilization in ukraine , it 's corruption , poverty , and seeing their situation not improve . 
  revolutions do n't happen and they 're certainly not very successful in countries that are n't deeply unhappy with how things are going . 
  honestly i do n't even understand why you think what happened in ukraine `` fucks with russia '' , how exactly does it fuck with russia ? 
  if anything ukraine being divided and unstable is good for russia , because it not only prevents the ukraine from having meaningful reforms and joining the eu , it also got them crimea . 
  russia 's whole position really relies on the insane notion that nato could attack them , which is a load of bullcrap . 
  also , when i said that russia is an asshole to its neighbors , i did n't only mean ukraine , they 're pretty much assholes to all of their neighbors and have been for the past 70 years at least . 
  every once in a while we get some minister or some other russian personality telling us how they 're going to fly bomber planes over bucharest . 
  it 's pretty much the same with the rest of their neighbors too , every once in a while russia makes absolutely sure we do n't forget how big of an assholes they are . 
  why do you think pretty much everyone that could escape russia 's grasp after the fall of the ussr ran into the arms of the eu and nato ? 
  it 's like you 're divorced from the reality in eastern europe . 
  you 're an armchair conspiracy theorist that hates the us from your comfy western country while russia has fucked up pretty much everything east of you . 
  i think you can find their names on the internet buddy . 
  it seems like the concept of holding each individual responsible for their own actions is foreign to you . 
  i 'd ask if you think that we should be discriminating against christians for the deeds done in the name of that religion , but we both already know the answer `` hurr durr those people were nutjobs not representative of christians as a whole '' or `` hurr durr that was last year/10 years ago/100 years ago so it does n't count '' . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/non-muslims-carried-out-more-than-90-of-all-terrorist-attacks-in-america/5333619 justifying discrimination is easy , all you have to do is find a few bad examples or ` statistics ' that prove your point . 
  i think we should be discriminating against men and lock ourselves up since we commit most of the violence on earth . 
  / s or maybe we should be discriminating against whatever group is more violent in the past 3 months . 
  or maybe ... nah . 
  you either get it by now or or you do n't . 
  i have no high hopes for you . 
  you 've probably convinced yourself that muslims are dangerous and need to be dealt with , fuck equality in front of the law or fair trials , you 've already decided they 're all guilty anyway . 
  did you link the study in the hopes that nobody is going to look through it and call you out ? 
  nowhere does it mention anything about gypsies or them being a vast majority , or maybe you want to show the class the exact page , graph and/or citation . 
   the main difference between them is represented by the large accumulation of secondary education migrants among romanians and bulgarians , 79,1 % from the total ( 16 % higher than eu migrants , 24,4 % higher in comparison with the total number of migrants ) gypsies . 
  lol , apparently someone has bought into the russian narrative of things . 
  poor me , always being aggressed by the us and nato . 
  nobody forced russia to act like an asshole to its neighbors . 
  ever heard of confirmation bias ? 
  you have it . 
  it 's like saying all gays act like a bunch of prancing princesses because those are the only ones that stand out to you . 
  the reality is that you might interact or pass by romanians all the time and you would have no clue , but as soon as you see a gypsy you use it to confirm your beliefs about the `` vast majority '' . 
  it 's just not true and it 's easily provable . 
  about 4 million romanians have emigrated mostly towards western europe , while there have never been more than a few hundred thousand gypsies in romania before and after joining the eu . 
  not all of them left either . 
  you mean what 's with the casual and sometimes not so casual racism all over / r/europe . 
  many people are uneducated and ignorant racists . 
  nothing new . 
  they 'll say they 're joking or that they did n't mean what is obviously what they meant when you call them out though . 
  there were also 16 candidates or something . 
  i 'm also not talking about the people that have directly voted for him . 
  most republicans support him now , he would have nowhere near the percentage of voters he does without the support of the majority of republicans . 
  the only thing i agree with is that he does have lower support than other republican candidates had in the past and that there is indeed a significant part of the republican party that does not support him ( but they are not the majority of republicans ) . 
   thinks from your home in romania . 
  nice attempt to discredit what i have to say , but judging by the amount of ignorance i see from your fellow countrymen on a daily basis , i reject that notion . 
  i may be a romanian but i might still have a clearer picture than some moron off the_donald about politics . 
  ( just an example ) fact is that trump does have the majority support of republicans , i do n't see how you can deny that . 
  you will see that even if trump crashes and burns he 'll still get at least 45 % of the votes in the ge , you ca n't tell me that it is possible to get such a big percentage without the support of most republicans in the country . 
  yeah , that 's why trump is so successful , because the republicans are n't against immigration . 
  got it . 
  there have totally not been years and years of dog whistles against minorities or immigrants coming from the gop . 
  nope , not at all . 
  / s you 're arguing hofer is more extreme than the republicans and meanwhile there 's another user arguing hofer would be a democrat . 
  how about we just all agree that immigration plays a big part in both the republican and hofer 's campaigns and that it is in fact mostly about conservative values with both parties . 
  you mean before or after the pivot ? 
  or after he changed his mind about the pivot ? 
  who the fuck knows what trump 's stance is . 
  regardless , trump is n't what you would call a mainstream or average republican . 
  or you do n't know shit about hofer and his party . 
  it 's the same kind of crap rhetoric about traditional values and immigrants = bad . 
  i know that , but it does n't change the fact that hofer is very much a conservative in many regards and uses the same kind of politics as the republicans . 
  i think that 's pretty misleading honestly , because if you judge him by what his stance is on a non-issue in europe then you might as well say that all european politicians would be democrats . 
  you 'd have to disregard their stances on many other important issues though . 
  why should social healthcare ( a non-issue here , thus leading to a predictable stance or rather non-stance ) be a more important criteria than their stances on immigration or their way of doing politics which are actual issues both in na and europe ? 
  hofer is a conservative through and through , even if it does n't apply 100 % in the american political landscape . 
  no , i just think that his stances on immigration and all the dog whistles that he and his party uses puts him way more fittingly into republican territory . 
  i do n't think you can judge him by his stance on socialist healthcare since that is a non-issue in europe . 
   he wants less regulations for businesses that 's pretty much what the republicans want as well . 
  hell , republicans do n't even believe in climate change so they think shit like environmental laws are just hurting the us . 
   he would n't repeal socialist insurance .
