  but it feels like you 're expecting me to apologize or something because brits are a bunch of ignoramuses that were not only convinced of the `` millions of romanians coming '' but also of the `` fact '' that we 're all gypsies or that gypsy automatically means thief . 
  not really my fault that a sizable part of your population are xenophobic and ignorant of other european countries . 
  the only here that should have an apologetic attitude is you , because the uk tabloids have successfully managed to play on people 's ignorance and fears to generate large amounts of hate against us . 
  `` got reamed '' . 
  start an illegal war responsible for hundreds of thousands dead , trillions of dollars , which ultimately led to isis , but he `` got reamed '' so it 's fine . 
  accountability !, 
   who is taking the blame for the ukraine escalation the ones responsible , so , russia . 
   inaction what else do you want besides sanctions ? 
  going to war with russia ? 
   refugee crisis yeah . 
  the eu did n't cause that . 
   euro crisis what crisis ? 
  all i see is italy and greece having problems because they refuse to make hard reforms in order to not lose political capital . 
  national politicians are great like that . 
  do you really expect germany or other countries to finance the black holes in italy 's and greece 's budget without making any real reforms ? 
  nobody wants to throw money away . 
  those countries have to make themselves stable macroeconomically , just like the rest of the countries in the ez . 
  people need a reality check . 
  there 's a reason why the eu has n't signed any trade deals with china yet , and despite what people think it 's not because the eu are assholes , it 's because the chinese do n't like playing by the rules . 
  the uk may `` get a trade deal '' , but if people are worried about ttip , they are idiots if they are n't 10 times more suspicious of a deal with china . 
  they play by completely different rules than we or the usa do . 
  people think the working class is getting screwed in britain because of eastern europeans , wait till they get to compete with the chinese . 
  who 's anti-uk exactly ? 
  the post is 72 % upvoted . 
  i 've seen the same complaints on the amazon topic and yet it also was upvoted . 
  why not ? 
  median is as close as you 'll get to a true average . 
  people in the west ca n't bitch about high electricity prices compared to eastern or central europe , they earn 4x as much . 
  just like the war in irak meant accountability . 
  i doubt many of those realize the eea means free movement of labour . 
  honestly . 
  i agree with that . 
  but it has to be way larger than the slim margins you had in the referendums . 
  the opinion polls should all clearly state at least a 65-35 majority , otherwise you just end up shitting on almost half of your country again , and like i said , i guarantee they will not take it well at all . 
  i 'm afraid the people that you 'd be screwing over about immigration are going to start drifting even further in the far right , and the next `` farage '' will be even more dangerous . 
  conspiracy theories and talks about the elites screwing them over are already ripe in that segment of the population , add `` not heading the referendum '' to the list and they will go batshit . 
  mark my words . 
  ( no but seriously ) . 
   i see the ` hurry up and get out ' language , as well as ` we wo n't talk to you until it 's official , ' and the ` we wo n't concede anything ( aka cherrypicking ) ' statements as being the hard-line . 
  none of those examples are angry language . 
   ` hurry up and get out ' because the uncertainty is having major negative effects on both our economies . 
  people are n't saying that because they 're angry , you 're imagining the eu and the uk to be two angry spouses that are divorcing , but that 's simply ridiculous . 
  eu leaders are saying that because doing it as quickly as possible is best for both countries as it gives people and the markets confidence and certainty . 
  the governments of the eu and uk are n't mad at each other , it 's people that voted leave that are mad at the eu . 
   ` we wo n't talk to you until it 's official , ' is this really surprising ? 
  this is n't going to change by the way . 
  again , people need certainty . 
  giving in would just prolong triggering article 50 forever . 
   ` we wo n't concede anything ( aka cherrypicking ) ' statements as being the hard-line . 
  you mean we wo n't concede free movement of labour . 
  which the eu never will because at least half of it would oppose that . 
  not to even mention the fact that it 's an integral part of the single part , or the fact that if the eu would be to give in to that , it would fracture . 
  it will show that countries can get away with a deal like that and then every western country will be doing it , completely screwing over eastern europe that would never agree to something like that in the first place . 
  free movement of labor benefits us too much . 
  except that with violence increasing recently , i doubt that all the angry leavers will do is `` fight for another referendum '' after they 've just freaking won one . 
  you 're living far off in fantasy land mate . 
  there 's no way those people will take it laying down . 
  if the government decides to join the eea without there being a very large majority support for it , things are going to go very badly . 
  you 're nuts . 
  isis is responsible for many many deaths and have at one point occupied large swaths of territory . 
  how the fuck is a very radical islamist terrorist group occupying cities , killing people , organizing terror attacks all over the world , be just a boogeyman ? 
  we are n't that different at all , in fact we 're all pretty similar , it 's just that some of you would rather believe eastern europeans are all a bunch of gypsies and thieves or stealing your jobs . 
  i believe a decade of campaigning against us has really payed off . 
  farage has managed to convince people that millions of romanians alone are going to be flooding the uk , not to mention that most brits think romanians = gypsies , just to further add ignorance into the mix . 
  it is unlikely that will be an option because of one simple reality , fact is that a big part of the population is very angry as they have been lead to believe their very own identity and way of life is at stake because of immigration . 
  if the uk accepts an eea deal , those people will not only still be a problem , they are probably going to become a huge problem for your country and for europe . 
  a lot of these people are fucking pissed at the eu and they will only view that move as another piece of their conspiracy theory puzzle . 
  oh and as it turns out , some of them are violent too . 
  imo , either you start educating people real fast , or you 'll be having way bigger problems than the pound falling . 
  they figure that public sentiment could change enough once people realize the very real and very negative effects of a brexit , but that 's very likely not going to happen because people will only start feeling it after the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  first of all the uk imports a lot , it needs to , the fact that the pound has dropped so much will start very negatively affecting the economy , further so after tariffs are introduced . 
  the uk wo n't be able to build its own industry too soon , so that means the average person is going to end up quite the loser at least in the short and medium term ( guaranteed ) . 
  the uk is much more dependent on the eu than the other way around simply because of size and economy . 
  the eu 's size and economy vastly overshadows that of the uk , it 's common sense that the uk is going to get hit hardest proportionally . 
  most economists have said so themselves . 
  the uk will probably lose about 4-6 % of its gdp over the next few years , while the eu stands to lose about 1-2 % of its gdp . 
   rather than poles , romanians yeah ... no . 
  `` the romanians are coming '' farage has managed to convince people that `` millions '' of us are going to be arriving in the uk . 
  just like he 's managed to convince people that 70m turks will soon join the eu . 
  i do n't see how the eu has a `` scorched earth '' stance . 
  in fact , neither does the uk , it 's just some of the voters that wanted out that are acting like jackasses . 
  really , this is nothing more than the uk not being ready for this . 
  i do n't know why you would find such outlandish explanations when there 's no indication of that , it 's clear that the uk is not ready at all for this and cameron did n't want to pull the trigger himself . 
  it has nothing to do with letting things cool off , and everything to do with the fact that this is a very complex task that the uk is in no way ready for . 
  because your national politicians are less corrupt and more competent as we have all seen . 
  / s also because murdoch really wanted the uk out of the eu , because in his words :  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . ', 
  but yes . 
  what could go wrong . 
  the relevance of europe is already dropping fast , emerging markets are providing very stiff competition . 
  inside the eu we had the advantage of having a large single market that is almost entirely self-reliant , now that the uk is going to go off on their own , it 's going to have to compete much more fiercely with countries such as brazil , china , south east asia , africa , usa and so on . 
  guess what that means for the working class of britain ? 
  the very people that voted leave ? 
  i 'll give you a hint : if you think immigrants put a downward pressure on wages , wait till you see the downward pressure competing with south east asia or africa will put on wages . 
  this is all just facts mind you , it 's just what 's going to happen , there 's no way around it , the uk has to compete , and it 's very hard to do that with parts of the world that have huge comparative advantages . 
  competing with eastern europeans is nothing compared to south east asians . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/apr/14/brexit-could-lead-to-loss-of-100000-financial-services-jobs-report-warns that 's just for financial services . 
  http://news.sky.com/story/brexit-could-kill-820000-jobs-chancellor-10291524 you 're probably right tho , you 'd still have pretty low unemployment , but that 's just over the next few years . 
  nobody can really predict more long term effects . 
  but if you ca n't magically make it work on your own like the leave campaign promised , it 's very possible that the long term effects will be way more visible . 
  as someone else pointed out , they tried , but were denied by france and germany .
