  are you being sarcastic and i 'm not getting it ? 
   oh well . . tyranny works better for muslim countries than democracy anyway how do you figure that ? 
  there 's a reason why turkey was a pretty sane country until recently and it sure is n't because it 's becoming a dictatorship . 
  but like a user pointed out , every time he appoints someone `` provisionally '' they always end up `` winning '' . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4vaht6/putin_makes_his_bodyguard_the_governor_of_the/d5x1gap it seems like putin has simply found a way to uphold an illusion of democracy while gaming the system every chance . 
  the guy is completely irrelevant now though so yeah , he 's advocating for it much like the populists in the west to cater to racists and idiots . 
   2nd : those money were never came to greece or actually just 8 % of them came to greece . 
  the rest of your money that you so fiercy asking back from `` me '' gone to german and french banks mosty ( and ofc to other eu banks too ) . 
  why ? 
  ask your leadership for that answer . 
  you seem to think not paying the banks would be ok . 
  it would 've caused a huge problem for the entire eu including you guys . 
  debt is part of government spending , so the fact that a lot of the loans went to paying debt is not really saying much . 
  every country does argue the same , the rates differ based on how old the population is though . 
  you 're like clayton bigsby i swear . 
  `` hurr durr i 'm syrian but trust me every other syrian is a dumb cunt '' . 
  nobody has indoctrinated me about the west being colonists , that much is obvious for anyone that has studied history and knows how the colonial powers acted . 
   you teach them critical thinking when they are older quit older , by that time ideas that they picked up while young will be very difficult to remove , hence when you try to think critically of islam shit hit the fan you teach kids critical thinking skills since they are young you moron , you do n't indoctrinate them into islam and then try to teach them to be critical of it when they 're older . 
  seriously where do you even get this shit from ? 
  education in the west is better because it focuses on rational thinking and science ( critical thinking ) , not religious indoctrination . 
  you sound mentally deficient i swear , your whole post is one long shitty uninformed diatribe arguing about how the young need to be severely indoctrinated despite any sane rational person knowing why that is unhealthy and why it creates drones like you . 
  then you go on to claim that the creation of israel in the middle of palestinian territory was a-ok just because 6 million of them were killed in europe a few years before , so it 's pretty fucking rich to see you claim arab anti-semitism being the problem , instead of recognizing that would 've never happened if some people did n't decide to genocide the jews in europe . 
  still , what more can i expect from someone that is obviously describing themselves when they talk about the need to indoctrinate children instead of teaching them critical thinking skills . 
  obviously you know best since you 've managed to turn historical fact ( like the occupations , redrawal of maps , coups , invasion ) into identity politics . 
  how ignorant must you be to think those things have not shaped the middle east into what it is today ? 
  very few people are like that comical caricature you 're trying to paint in order to dismiss everyone that does n't share your opinion . 
  most people realize that inevitably the refugee crisis will be used by bad people as well , but upholding human values and laws is more important by helping the very many real refugees . 
  most of them come from failed states and warzones such as syria , iraq , afghanistan , or theocratic regimes like iran . 
  that 's not true , lots of countries have been taking refugees in . 
  yeah , that 's not extreme at all . 
  nobody is implying that , but it 's clear most refugees are in fact refugees . 
  the top 5 countries by origin are failed states and warzones . 
  like the other user said , you only have two choices , either you exclude everyone or you let some in that should n't be allowed . 
  what 's surprising is that many people are harping on about european values while they want to ignore basic human rights when it comes to refuges because they ca n't stomach the fact that some bad people are going to inevitably get in as well . 
   they lack the sense of critical thinking so it has to be indoctrination wow . 
  that 's why you teach them critical thinking skills instead of indoctrinating them . 
  quality of education matters a lot and it 's a big reason why europe is n't still hugely under the churches influence like it used to be . 
  what do you think secularization means ? 
  where do you think it came from ? 
  education and democracy played a huge role in the secularization of europe . 
  the church used to be hugely influential and many bad things have been carried out over the centuries in the name of religion . 
  just because we 're more secular now and do n't have that many fundamentalists anymore does n't mean we 're special and unique superior beings , it just means context has been much more favorable for most of us born today throughout europe . 
  when will people realize that the middle east has never really been let to go through those same processes over the last century , it 's been under occupation , carved up , controlled for oil , had democratic regimes removed through coups to serve british oil interests and was invaded by the us in a totally imprudent and stupid manner pretty god damned recently . 
  oh and i forgot about israel being planted right in the middle because we wanted to give the jews a little something . 
  what changed is war in the middle east . 
  it has spread like a virus . 
  we can all thank the rash and stupid actions of the usa after 9/11 for that . 
  i 'm really hoping people wo n't make that mistake again , but it seems very likely that soon people will want blood and fuck everything up again . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  there 's valid reasons why 5 % unemployment is good and why it 's bad to have bellow that and it has nothing to do with people ca n't finding jobs to work . 
  that number is mostly made out of people looking for new jobs , students out of college and the structure of the economy changing slightly . 
  anything bellow that means you probably have a problem . 
   but only 65 % of the population works that 's a terrible way to judge things by , there 's plenty of valid reasons why 35 % of the population does n't work . 
  it 's mostly composed of kids , students , stay-at-home mums , disabled and old people . 
  jesus you 're dense . 
  no , that 's not the logic , the point is that you need to keep things in perspective . 
  these attacks are very sensational in nature , even more so than plane crashes , but statistically they are almost insignificant . 
  nothing is `` exactly the same '' , but violence is part of human nature , and these attacks while horrible are a part of that . 
  they barely make a dent in preventable causes of death statistics , yet you 're acting like germany as we know it is coming to an end . 
  bitch please , do you really think a few dozen deaths a year will make the country crumble ? 
  100 times as many die in card accidents every year in germany or the uk alone . 
  i 'm pointing out what the actual reason behind your outrage is . 
  everybody knows i 'm right anyway . 
  that 's not necessarily true . 
  for example in transylvania unemployment is extremely low and salaries are what you 'd expect for very low skilled positions ( a bit above minimum wage ) and with a need for workers , while in other regions unemployment is high but the people there refuse to move here in order to work , because `` why should i move and work for minimum wage '' , they 'd rather just be on welfare . 
  i mean you can say whatever you want , but if your village is poor as fuck and there are no jobs and you do n't have any skills or a degree , then working a bit above minimum wage is pretty much what you can expect , if you 'd rather stay on welfare , the problem might be with you , sorry . 
  welfare is for those that ca n't work , it 's not for those that do n't want to work because minimum wage is too small . 
  most people wo n't , and some attacks are definitely motivated by the infamy . 
  the name and picture add absolutely nothing to the conversation . 
  some people are mad because how in the world will people now connect terrorism to muslims , which is ridiculous , because if anything people will just assume it was a muslim every time much like they did until now anyway . 
  not to mention the fact that it is proven that media attention concentrating on attackers does encourage others to act . 
  we should concentrate on discussing the subject matter and the victims , not make the attackers famous . 
  i think it 's a good move and i really do n't see the downsides others are claiming . 
  you 're only getting so mad because `` oh my god how will people know it 's a muslim '' . 
  great , another victim of populism . 
  the pure common people against the evil elite . 
  it 's not the same you 're right , the media absolutely loves to drool all over the former , while the latter is reserved for a small column in the local newspaper `` man axes his wife because she did n't make dinner '' . 
  treason is intentionally hurting your own country , which is a very big accusation . 
  unless you can actually prove that any of them have intentionally done it in order to undermine , betray and hurt the usa , then all you are doing is punishing people for political decisions . 
  well , it 's not exactly the same . 
  things are a bit more under control here , nobody is undermining the constitutional court , which is one of the first signs of democracy being dismantled . 
  why does that matter so much ? 
  the us has a much smaller population than europe , proportionally it 's the same number . 
  this fearmongering is getting ridiculous . 
  you 'd think europe is in danger of being occupied or something judging by the alarmists in this topic . 
  most muslims absolutely are peaceful and are not terrorists , the enemy is n't this 5 million you flaunt , the enemy is composed of maybe a few thousand people . 
  the only real threat is ourselves , if we give in to all this fearmongering . 
  that 's not exactly true , the aim of terrorism is political and economic destabilization , by creating fear you elicit an irrational response that can be very damaging . 
  if people elect nutjobs , it is inevitable that europe will destabilize , leaving it weaker and more exposed . 
  that is ultimately the goal of terrorism , it just requires our `` active '' participation for them to achieve it . 
  unfortunately there are very many people willing to participate , it 's the type of people that have bough into this apocalyptic narrative of everything collapsing and going to shit , fear is their aim and more and more people are affected by it . 
  fearful people tend to make irrational decisions and fear can be exploited by populists and demagogues . 
  i mean , let 's face it , most people today would probably say they are very scared of terrorism and viewed it as a big problem , even though statistically the chances of being involved in such an attack are extremely small . 
   a straw man argument is `` an intentionally misrepresented proposition that is set up because it is easier to defeat than an opponent 's real argumen yeah , which is exactly what you did . 
  you 're trying to discredit people with opposing views by creating a strawman with outrageous views that do n't represent reality . 
  now you 're playing coy by saying you did n't engage in a dialog . 
  well , what are you doing posting in the comments section then ? 
  this is a dialogue , it 's a god damn forum of people sharing ideas and thoughts . 
  you 're making up caricatures in order to make your point , that 's the problem . 
  yeah , i bet crime * never * happens wherever you 're from .
