  it has nothing to do with an agenda and everything to do with the times of peace and prosperity in much throughout the world combined with technological development that permits way cheaper and easier travel , communication , trade etc. 
  some decisions , believe it or not , are better made by politicians than the masses . 
  financial ones especially . 
  do you think most people understand the implications of such a massively complex decision ? 
  you know you would be lying if you said yes . 
  representative democracy is about electing people that have the job of knowing these things and taking complex decisions for the country , people that are far better equipped to do it than the average person . 
  you 're still an asshole . 
  you 're wrong too , but an asshole as well . 
  the greeks lied to the eu , so maybe put a little blame where it 's due . 
  that would be insane for the ne to do , their trade balance is almost 200 billion euros in the positive with the eu . 
  it makes up a huge amount of their gdp . 
  losing even a few percent of that trade means there is no denying the immediate and very huge negative effects it would have on their economy and state budget . 
  i do n't think they 're suicidal . 
  [ i 'm sure you 'll be providing plenty of evidence to support your claims soon ... ] ( https://imgur.com/ym3bl3b ), 
  god i hope you 're a troll . 
  i bet you 're the kind of person that is proud of being a total jackass . 
  it 's my choice to not be delusional . 
  that 's my choice . 
  except that the uk has gotten more special treatment and opt outs than any other country in the eu . 
  when will your side stop with the lies ? 
  it 's just too much . 
  on the other hand , maybe do n't stop , it 's the only way people will realize the lunacy of people like you . 
  `` b-b-b-ut any time we tried to get special treatment , we only got it like 90 % of the time , fucking hitler eu '' . 
  apparently to you idiots any kind of agreements between nations or compromises means you 're literally ruled by zombie hitler and his 4 ` th reich . 
  we 'll see how well this attitude of fuck everyone else will serve you . 
  if that is what they want , yes . 
  any country can join or leave whenever they please . 
  nobody is holding anyone hostage . 
  all the negative consequences that are reflecting on the uk right now is your own doing and you have been warned by countless politicians and experts , but you 've dismissed them all as `` project fear '' and `` tired of experts '' . 
   right , we voted on a common market . 
  it 's now a large political/economic union . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  the eu has always stated that its purpose to be that of an ever closer union . 
  the very creators of the eu had this in mind . 
  it has been the plan literally since the very beginning and nobody has ever hidden that from the public eye except maybe your very own national politicians . 
  instead of taking personal responsibility for their failures tho , your national politicians love to rip the eu a new one every time something does n't go their way even though most of the time its their own fault . 
  whatever mate , maybe one day the truth will be a bit more obvious to everyone . 
   rubbish . 
  it 's a very valid theory as a matter of fact . 
  getting a close result but losing would 've given them a lot of leverage and an even stronger voice while not having to do anything concrete at the same time . 
  now that they 've won they 're supposed to step up and present their awesome plans , it 's just that they have none . 
  boris already said the uk will remain a part of the single market which means you 'll still be paying into the eu budget and accepting free movement of labor . 
  i think you 've had the wool pulled over your eyes , better remove it later rather than never . 
  i get that nobody wants to admit that they 've been had or that they 're wrong , but the delusion must stop sometime . 
   disregard the results of a legitimate election/vote , it is all but asking for violent revolution . 
  how legitimate is a vote based on mostly lies and scaremongering ? 
  regardless , i will concede that by the very loose standards that we set ourselves and our politicians to , it is indeed a legitimate vote . 
  however , it is an advisory referendum and not a compulsory one , the parliament still has sovereignty over this decision . 
   uk has run its course . . scotland now throws its toys out of the pram whenever it doesnt get its way . 
  either i know more about the uk than you do or you 're in severe denial . 
  you know ( or should know ) full well that scotland stayed in the uk under the provision that they are n't going to be pulled out of the eu . 
   and there will be no recession pal . 
  lol . 
  keep dreaming pal . 
  uk stronk . 
  have fun with all the companies moving operations out of the uk , job losses , economic instability and uncertainty , tariffs on your exports and imports and all the racist nutjobs that have been validated by this referendum . 
  yeah , some people are also racist and do n't realize it , thus they accuse others of pulling the racist card to win arguments . 
  i rarely if ever saw anyone called a racist with absolutely no reason , i have however seen plenty of obvious racists pretending they are n't and pulling the `` you just call people you do n't agree with racist '' card . 
  you can believe whatever you want mate , most people in the eu view it as fair after everything the uk has done . 
  the uk wants out and gave us a huge middle finger in the process , i see absolutely no reason to bend over backwards anymore for you as we have done so far . 
  what exactly is controversial about what i said ? 
  boris johnson did say that , 48 % is absolutely pissed , scotland does want a new referendum with strong support for independence . 
  it 's clear that the leave camp does n't really have a plan . 
  what exactly is controversial about anything i said ? 
  i do n't hate that you left the eu , i love the fact that the narrative of lies is finally unraveling . 
  not the op , but what it means is that the world is heading towards something different than what we were used to so far . 
  this is creating many divides and unearthing some amount of resistance . 
  the world is just changing too fast for some people while others want the world to pick up speed . 
  the role of that sentence was to say that while it seems like everything is backwards and crazy right now , in the future we 'll realize that it was a defining moment of that struggle and our moving forward . 
  at least that 's what i understood . 
  out of spite ? 
  more like not treating you like princesses any longer . 
  let 's face it , the eu gave the uk a shitload of outs , a shitload of concessions , it let the uk have its own way on many things , but as soon as the eu is not willing to cross certain lines it 's suddenly `` the 4 ` th reich '' . 
  now you 're surprised when after voting to quit the eu and fucking things up for all of us , the eu does n't rush out to give you special treatment ? 
  trade agreements take years to make , it does n't matter whether you 're the u.s of fucking a , let alone the uk ( or should i say just england ) . 
  so not only is that not true , it also does n't matter , because the eu is much more than just germany despite some leave campaigners comparing the eu to the 4 ` th reich . 
  yeah seriously , at the first whiff of such a blatant lie most people should 've at least wondered what the validity of the leave campaign 's promises are and do more research . 
  instead you have a large number of people believing in a few populist politicians and everything they say . 
  racists still in denial . 
  `` it 's k guys people are only yelling at others to go home '' . 
  meanwhile people are getting knocked the fuck out or shot for their beliefs or their ethnicity . 
  you have unleashed some violent fuckheads upon the world . 
  hope you 're happy . 
  the uk might break up over this and some of you are still going `` project fear '' . 
  basically all economists agree you 'll go through a recession in 2017 , maybe even this year . 
  boris johnson is saying the uk should stay in the eu single market which is a big fuck you to the whole leave platform . 
  how are you still in denial ? 
  it 's bad and the uk is very likely to cease to exist and you 're like `` this is fine '' . 
  too many people in denial as well . 
  you 've been lied to . 
  the politicians you trusted are just a bunch of populists that never even thought they would win in the first place and have absolutely no plan going forward . 
  you just pulled out of the biggest single market in the world and you have no idea what to do next . 
  great job . 
  `` but people are just being bitter '' - not really , a lot of people are feeling schadefreude at this point , because everything they 've warned about is happening . 
  the lies are coming out . 
  boris johnson says the uk will maintain access to the single market which is a big middle finger to the entire platform of the leave campaign . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  the only really sad part is that ordinary people are going to suffer and 48 % of your country is absolutely pissed , scotland wants to leave the uk and the irish want reunification . 
  the leave campaigners might break up the uk and they have absolutely no idea what they should do next because it turns out they did n't really plan for it and ca n't really follow up on their promises . 
  how anyone is still pretending that this is a good thing is beyond me .
