  you 're not a very impartial observer if you do n't agree with the following statement : leavers hate the eu more than eu citizens hate the uk . 
  the amount of `` vitriol '' targeted at the uk is in no way comparable to the insults and lies told for years and years by the leave campaign . 
  that 's because norway is an actual well established democracy unlike many of the other oil wealthy nations . 
  it 's actually all our problem and this attitude of fuck everyone else we 'll do whatever we please whenever we please it is honestly disgusting and extremely insulting . 
  you 've been a part of the eu for decades and have joined in a time of economic crisis for the uk , you 've benefited immensely from the union and now you 're hellbent on shitting in your own kitchen but also taking a piss in everyone else 's kitchen as well . 
  no , we have n't . 
  all i saw was really butthurt people about the eu insulting us all and calling the eu the 4 ` th reich . 
  i 've literally never seen anyone hate the uk in a way in which leavers hate the eu . 
  the only consistent thing in what you said is that you 're a racist idiot and you 're doing it again . 
  why would i do that ? 
  nothing wrong with talking about slavery or any other historic issues . 
  you know what is wrong ? 
  being a racist fuck for what happened 200 years ago . 
  really really is n't a hard concept to understand . 
  that 's likely ... / s, 
  this is n't a good sign at all . 
  if he fired them them because they were n't willing to do some things , guess what that means ? 
  purge in this sense is used because it 's abnormal to fire so many officers like that , it 's used in the sense of `` abrupt '' . 
  i do n't know who 's stupid , me or the people holding on to grudges from centuries ago . 
  oh , wait , i do know ... it 's the people hating other people because of that bad thing that happened ( as it always does ) 100 , 200 , 500 , or 1000 years ago . 
   you had your comment deleted yesterday by a moderator for spewing your racism accusations so do n't start again 2 sentences later :  congratulations you leftist nazi . 
  lol . 
  i expect nothing less of you than this comedy show . 
   female in mid 30s here . 
  was groped few times on public transport as a teenage girl . 
  sexually assaulted twice in my 20s in a middle of the day in public area , both time by men of indian/pakistani origin which made me despise them . 
  this is a quote directly from your comment history . 
  tell me more about how you 're not a racist ... oh sorry ... 
  i guess the politically correct them you 're looking for is xenophobe , since you despise people based on their ethnicity rather than race . 
  that 's not better and still very much racism in a colloquial sense . 
  oh and the post was n't deleted because i said you are racist , that 's pretty much a verifiable and provable thing even in a court of law given the evidence . 
  it was deleted because i used certain words i 'd rather not use again just so people can see who they 're dealing with . 
  in your mind , how does that explain the fact that people who actually live there are less anti-muslim than the people that have most likely never come in contact with them besides the news they read ? 
  you really do lack basic logic , do n't you ? 
  not that i expect a racist to have any logic , `` look , some people with brown skin did something bad , all brown skinned men must be bad amirite '' . 
  racist logic . 
  it is when you 're trying to establish whether that was the actual cause or simply a symptom of a failing economy . 
  if that counts as a fact to you , i 'm worried about your critical thinking skills . 
  economies do n't absorb `` loss of industry to asia '' , jobs are created and destroyed every day , whole industries die out while others are born and grow . 
  that 's exactly the point , there are some countries where the economy has not been doing well , attributing that to losses in some industries is however a very incomplete `` fact '' that paints the wrong picture . 
  what exactly did you prove wrong ? 
  you proved him wrong with the fact that some countries have had 15 % unemployment ? 
  you 're beyond ridiculous at this point . 
  some other countries had unemployment under 6 % , so how does that exactly win an argument ? 
  the point of the discussion is that maybe the countries suffering from 15 % + unemployment have other problems besides what 's being attributed to globalization . 
  this is n't philosophical , it 's me trying to show you step by step in a logical manner why your counter-argument is not really a good argument , but rather a correlation that does n't even stand up in the face of scrutiny . 
  or you know , the much simpler explanation of eastern europeans only getting their exposure to muslims through the sensationalist and fearmongering media . 
  remember ebola anyone ? 
  also some plane crashes last year . 
  oh and the h2n1 . 
  terrorists . 
  you name it , the media will make it look like your life is in immediate danger just so they get you to watch more of their news . 
  people need to get some perspective . 
  actually , it can be . 
  but , disregarding that , an economy the size of italy should be able to create way more jobs than it currently is , it 's clear there are systemic failures in their policies and economy , but it 's way easier to be a populist that blames globalization or immigrants rather than solve those problems . 
  but really , there 's no point in debating this if your mind is so made up about why southern europe is doing badly , even though there 's clear examples literally all around that this is more of a localized problem rather than a general one for the developed world . 
  your post amounts to `` southern europeans are a great and proud people and they deserve a better economy '' . 
  you should learn to make the difference between criticizing bad economic policies or the state of their political class and insulting people . 
  i can criticize the corruption in italy without my words being twisted into whatever you 're trying to twist them to . 
  it 's pretty self-evident they have a huge corruption problem in south especially , yet you 're going to tell me that does n't have anything to do with their poverty ? 
  yes but at least part of why a lot of people are working below their educational level is because there was a big inflation of diplomas especially in the soft-sciences and business or art related fields in the last decade . 
  simply put a lot of people have went to college to get a diploma , but the market ca n't provide nowhere near the amount of jobs required for all of them . 
  that 's especially true for certain areas such as finance . 
  things are getting better currently , not worse . 
  the economy is slowly recovering after 2008 . 
  there are n't enough jobs being created , but that 's an issue far more complex than just companies opening factories in china , it has a lot to do with today 's economic context , start from 2008 onward . 
  things will get better , then they will get worse again , such is the nature of the economy . 
  itt : people on reddit thinking western europeans should be more like eastern europeans . 
  the world has turned upside down . 
  also , people are retarded . 
  maybe you and the people you know are all unemployed or something , but i 'm pretty sure most have a job . 
  how about when half a dozen are but many more are n't . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  looking at southern european countries with a critical eye and saying `` nope , national governments are n't at fault '' shows how little you know . 
  ooor , maybe just maybe it 's because those people make up their mind about muslims based on extreme isolated incidents that get reported in the media and having never met an actual muslim they go with the generalizations they draw based on what they see in a newspaper instead of realizing most are just people like everyone else . 
  it would be great for all of us if we could have a closer relationship with russia , unfortunately that will never happen unless they get a real democracy or a pro-west leader . 
  15 % + unemployment where ? 
  even today there are developed countries with low unemployment just as there are developed countries with very high unemployment , why do you think that is ? 
  maybe the fault does n't all lie in globalization , maybe the national governments of those countries are n't really doing a proper job . 
  predicting something will happen does n't automatically make it a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  it 's the logical and rational conclusion . 
  of course people are worried , most people with an idea about the world would be , a brexit has consequences and people are responding to that . 
  what you 're saying is that `` maybe if people did n't know the consequences they 'd be all cheery instead '' . 
  which is a blatant lie considering that this was an attack motivated by horniness and not hate towards any group of people . 
  your level of reading comprehension is what i would expect from a moron that says shit like this :  the reason why merkel is getting all the hate is because her decision has personally affected germans and europeans . 
  blair 's military interventions have n't affected any of us . 
  her decision was stupid , selfish , impulsive , illogical and undemocratic . 
  people would hate her less if she said `` listen guys , i fucked up '' , but she wo n't . 
  oh , and this gem right here :  female in mid 30s here . 
  was groped few times on public transport as a teenage girl . 
  sexually assaulted twice in my 20s in a middle of the day in public area , both time by men of indian/pakistani origin which made me despise them . 
  ok , we get it , you hate people from that part of the world because of your own personal negative experiences with them that have reinforced your prejudices . 
  now realize your own biases and how they affect your worldview and think twice before saying retarded stuff like what blair did was less hate worthy than merkel saying she will help the refugees because the bombs fell on the brown people you despise . 
  good for you , a lot of people have a problem with the sentence the judge gave , i 'm not a mind-reader so i made an assumption . 
  there 's a good reason why asylum seekers can not be deported though , not before the asylum request is denied anyway , it 's because our laws do n't allow us to deport people in places that their life might be in danger or they might be subjected to torture etc. 
  our system of law does n't tolerate such things so we ca n't willingly or by claiming ignorance send them back to such places . 
  i 'm not covering for rapists you imbecile , i 'm simply claiming that had it been a native , he likely would 've gotten the same punishment , as per the law in germany . 
  as for answering your questions about visas or expulsions , asylum seekers can not be expelled , it 's the law . 
  again , you seem to have a problem with the law itself , because the judge was doing his job of applying it . 
  gusy , far-right propaganda is turning people into idiots , let 's give in to that propaganda !,
