  anyway . 
  what exactly do n't you believe ? 
  the fact that putin is pretty much a dictator at this point ? 
  the fact that he and his oligarch friends run russia ? 
  the fact that these conflicts are manufactured in order to distract the masses from the real problems that plague the country ? 
  maybe be more specific instead of being a cryptic asshole and we can both know what the fuck the other one is on about . 
  i think my english is just fine for a ~ ~ second ~ ~ third language , so thanks for the advice but you can fuck off with your two-bit attacks . 
   i have this impression that you think russia is some kind of shithole and you 're surprised as to why when romania would have very easily been the same if for not eu help . 
  i do n't know why you have that impression . 
  you 're arguing against points i never really even made or discussed . 
  i know why russia is where it is , do n't worry , i also know that we lucked out with the eu , this is no secret , that 's why romanians love the eu and we probably have one of the highest approval stats for further integration . 
  what i said was that psd and iliescu were never at putin 's level . 
  they could n't have been even without the eu . 
  they were striving for it do n't get me wrong , but psd also famously lost the elections in 1996 when the eu was n't really in the picture yet . 
  why ? 
  well , simply put , in romania no one man managed to impose himself in the way that putin did . 
  people were way more wary of iliescu than russian 's were of putin , political and economical power became much more fragmented especially in the years following 1989 , which was a good thing in the end . 
  i feel like you 're arguing against someone you * mostly * agree with besides some nuances without realizing it , maybe my comments came off the wrong way or i did n't make myself clear , i 'm not saying russians suck and they deserve it or anything . 
  i 'm just calling putin out for what he is , an asshole dictator . 
  not really no . 
  people do n't think the base will protect us from everything , you 're not getting it . 
  people just feel safe knowing that the usa actually invests in our safety and they think the usa might actually give a slight damn if push ever comes to shove , as at least then they will have assets to protect , something more tangible anyway than the piece of paper called the nato treaty . 
  for sure , but that does n't change the fact that eastern europe suffered tremendously because of the ussr . 
  romania is like a mosquito compared to russia . 
  of course we feel unsafe neighboring them and think we have to take precautions , which includes sucking the usa 's dick to build some military bases around here as guarantors of our safety . 
  from there on out though , russia claiming that it feels threatened and using it as justification to further putin 's imperialism and populism is just one big pile of bullshit . 
  nato will never attack russia and romania even is even less likely to do it than never . 
  what propaganda should i stop believing exactly ? 
  i pretty much agree with most of your post as you 've pointed out the problems pretty well . 
  however , there is a big difference between what went on in 00 's romania and today 's russia . 
  psd might be a corrupt piece of shit political party with authoritarian tendencies , but they never managed to quite grab a hold of power in the way that putin has , as evidenced by the very fact that they 've managed to fuck up election after election like you 've pointed out . 
  it was n't just because of people on the outside that they lost , in 2004 they lost fair and square , in 2014 they lost ** both domestically and abroad ** , in 2009 they lost because of the votes abroad , but the margins were very tight . 
  however , putin reigns absolute in russia , and that 's way worse than what psd did or could do in romania . 
  this was our luck in the end . 
  authoritarianism did n't really take a good hold of romania after 1989 and that allowed for change to happen , despite the difficulties . 
  if you would 've replaced romanian psd and oligarchs with the russian ones , do you really think the votes abroad would 've counted for anything ? 
   maybe you can do the first step and stop believing propaganda . 
  and remember the country is also suuuuper huge . 
  140 million people . 
  so what exactly should i stop believing ? 
  what part of my post do you have a problem with ? 
  i do n't get the point of your post . 
  what exactly do you want to see happen ? 
  war for the sake of war ? 
  it 's not about us or them , most countries have fucked up at one point or another , the important thing is to view things with some amount of rationality and objectivity . 
  the fact that you divide the world into 2 sides and you think that everyone either buys the bullshit on one side or the other only shows how much of an ignorant little edgelord you are . 
  facts should be judged based on their merit , the fact that russia lies a lot is something anyone can see , i never even mentioned the usa in my post though but you somehow turn to a primitive form of whataboutism to justify your edginess . 
  nice strawman you have going on there . 
  what us propaganda are you talking about exactly ? 
  and who are all these people believing it . 
  dude , how the fuck can you be so far up your ass that you think romania is any danger to russia ? 
  romanian regiments did fight alongside nazi germany , i 'll give you that , but do you even know why ? 
  antonescu and his legionary party ( far far right ) took power by force in a coup d'etat and joined the war on the nazi side . 
  when king michael i which was the rightful ruler of romania returned , he quickly ended the war against russia and turned romania against nazi germany , people agree this shortened the war by at least six months , with millions of lives saved . 
  so how did the allies and moscow repay us exactly ? 
  well , the west left us to the wolves , while moscow parked their tanks in romania and killed any opposition to the instauration of the communist regime , which was very much a soviet puppet regime in the beginning , only after did ceausescu distance himself from moscow , way too late . 
  but yeah , russia is a total victim of romania . 
  we 're such a big threat to them . 
  you have nothing to worry about then , mad is in no danger of ending because of this , but it is enough to make nations with lesser nuclear capabilities think twice . 
  the only delusion here is thinking that was real stability that would 've continued forever . 
  the place was always a dictator away from plunging into chaos . 
  stability was temporary and one big fat lie and illusion held together by various dictators . 
  while iraq was definitely a mistake , the region was run by genocidal dictators , which means , you guessed it , instability and warr . 
  russia willingly gave up crimea . 
  ukraine is a unitary and sovereign nation . 
  you ca n't go backsies and annex another country 's territory because a region wants it . 
  you can use to justify a bunch of territorial grabs that way . 
  the whole of europe should be at war right now following the logic that it 's ok to do that . 
  it 's not really about the benefit that russia gets , it 's about putin being a dictatorial asshole that likes to distract people from his corruption and dictatorial asshole behavior with circus for the masses , dreams of russian glory , external enemies wanting to hurt them and so on . 
  russia as a country and its people will never see any benefits , quite the contrary , they bear the fruits of putin 's labor , which is poverty and hardship . 
  putin meanwhile acquires sweet billions , as partially shown by the panama leaks . 
  not that it was n't obvious to everyone before , except to his fanboys . 
  there will never be equality as long as there is scarcity . 
  i welcome socialism with open arms , once we can actually implement it , meaning whenever energy will be extremely cheap and automation will replace most human labor . 
  until then , social democracy with capitalist principles is the way to go , strong regulations are a must and rule of law is vital . 
  russia , however , has none of those things , it 's as oligarchical and dictatorial as it gets in europe without putin coming out and saying that he 's the leader of russia indefinitely ( but he is ) . 
  anyway . 
  more equality is all well and good , we can all agree with that , how to implement though is what people disagree with . 
  in absolute terms , if the rich become 200 % richer , and the poor become only 20 % richer , you could say that 's very bad , but in relative terms , the poor still became 20 % richer , which is 20 % more than they were a couple of years ago . 
  you 'll never be able to achieve a linear rise though , there 's a lot of factors to consider why , first of all making money when you already have money is way easier , second of all people that have money are probably better educated , healthier , more intelligent as a result , have better financial education and so on . 
  it 's very hard then to have a more equal society , because people are n't equal , even though we say they are in front of the state or the law , as a principle . 
  most of us in eastern europe welcomed more presence from the usa with open arms . 
  50 years spent under soviet rule is enough to make any sane and rational person distrustful and fearful of russia . 
  i could easily see romania being closer to where ukraine/moldova are today if it were n't for us quickly joining nato and the eu . 
  we did it while russia was still weak , which was the best thing that could happen . 
  now that they 're somewhat stronger again , any country near them that wants to join the eu or nato are in real danger . 
  like i said , would you agree with the statement that germany is responsible for ww2 ? 
  most people would . 
  i do n't see anybody having a problem with that claim . 
  uhm , yea . 
  that does n't sound like something bad at all , it actually sounds like something good . 
  what we need is economic growth and lifting people out of poverty , not putin 's shitty idea about needing a sphere of influence . 
  because putin is a peace loving hippie . 
  russia is the best neighbor you can have < 3 let 's see . 
  eastern european countries fled towards nato and the eu , why do you think that is ? 
  because they feel unsafe . 
  why do they feel unsafe ? 
  well ... read up on what happened in the past 4-5 centuries . 
  just because the ussr collapsed does n't mean countries are dumb enough to think they are in no danger anymore . 
  russia is obviously a danger and it has proven itself to be both in ukraine and georgia .
