  they are hardly simply anti-migrant . 
  like i said , look at the national front for an example of what i 'm talking about , look at their origins , their former leader etc. 
  if you really believe in the magical makeover from far right to more moderate simply because that 's how you win elections , then you 're naive . 
   marriage is a religious act marriage \u02c8mar\u026ad\u0292 / submit noun 1 . the legally or formally recognized union of a man and a woman ( or , in some jurisdictions , two people of the same sex ) as partners in a relationship . 
  nope . 
  it is often also a religious ceremony , but when people talk about gay marriage they 're talking about the legal kind . 
  the right to be married in front of the law . 
  homosexuality is not acceptable to traditional christian values period . 
  they are against gay marriage for example , that much is sure . 
  although it should be common sense that a party with traditional , christian and nationalistic views do n't see gays in a positive light . 
  that does n't mean that they are n't a more vulnerable group than others . 
  poverty , lack of good education , even discrimination sometimes , can all lead to a more vulnerable group on average . 
  have you ever seen how isis and their like recruit people ? 
  they target vulnerable kids , usually depressed or with other mental issues for starters . 
  this is all very simplified of course , but they pretty much act like their friend/big brother , then they start showing them some truths , actual truths , to gain their trust . 
  after then if the target is receptive they start pushing more and more extreme views on them . 
  it 's not like they just come out and tell them to blow themselves up for allah , they pretty much brainwash kids , and some are more vulnerable to it than others . 
  lack of education , mental health , poverty , lack of critical thinking skills and a predisposition to conspiracy theories etc. 
  they use all of this against them . 
  there has to be a right cocktail of all of those issues usually , but try enough ... 
  the part about conspiracy theories is interesting too , because apparently they target people that subscribe on social media and such to outlets that promote conspiracy theories . 
  it just means they 're more receptive to being shown some great `` truth '' and revelations . 
  yeah , conspiracy theories . 
  like every time they got into power throughout history . 
  this is such a weak argument on your part . 
  it is n't much of a conspiracy theory when we 've tried the far right in numerous countries numerous times throughout history and it always led to a bunch of very bad things happening . 
  the far right is populist and reactionary in nature , of course they 're not being honest , their preferred tactics are fear mongering and manipulation . 
  they appeal to tradition , to tribalism , to fear , to anger , to frustration in order to rally support , their real motives are hidden because they need to seem somewhat reasonable in order to attract people that are closer to the center . 
  if the far right would be truthful about their views , they would n't even get 5 % of the popular vote , these parties figured out some years ago that they need to appeal to people closer to the center in order to have a chance . 
  many of the far right parties you see today have their roots in neo-nazism and many of their older members are racist fucks , but they went through a make-over so they can appeal to a wider base . 
  just look at the national front , her daddy is a racist rich old white guy , but he was just too obvious and old school in his racism , so he had to go in order for the national front to seem more `` reasonable '' . 
  if you really believe that change is honest and that they 've renounced their shitty ideology you are clearly very naive . 
  it does n't take believing in conspiracy theories to be very mistrustful of parties that have ( apparently ) went closer to the center in order to be more electable while simultaneously using populist and reactionary politics . 
  in fact , you 'd have to be pretty damn blind and naive to not question them . 
  it 's a good thing for them that the world is in no short supply of ignorant people that simply believe things that sound good to them , instead of looking at history , trying to read between the lines they 're fed , see where these parties have started from and so on . 
  what i am saying is that the problems caused by muslims is way smaller than what the far right will cause , yes , because the far right has always fucked everything up . 
  like i said , doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results is insane . 
  of course the far right does n't come out and say they 're going to fuck up our democracy or rule of law , that would actually be way too honest for them , what they do is hide their worst members and beliefs in the closet while they get elected and then it 's cards on the table baby . 
  just look at what pis is doing in poland , they are n't even far right , just close to it , and they already caused a constitutional crisis , modified media laws , are anti-science and have just dismissed most of the scientists on the board of nature conservation and probably a lot more shit we do n't even know about because it never made the headlines in other countries . 
  they are n't even that far right , many parties are way more to the right than pis is , just imagine all the `` great '' things they will do . 
  i 'd trust a random muslim over a random far righter any day of the week , at least there 's a good chance that a random muslim has normal moderate views and does n't hurt anyone , but there 's no chance that a far righter does n't have demented and extremist views , because it characterizes the whole movement , it 's in the definition . 
  the number seems to be about 100 % off so i would n't say it 's not far off . 
  not sure what exactly is your point in any case . 
  are there shitty muslims ? 
  of course . 
  does that mean most of them are or all of them ? 
  should we vote for far right parties because of the minority that are actually causing problems ? 
  my answer would be no , as the damage that far right parties do is usually way bigger than a few crimes . 
  people are ready to throw away democracy and rule of law because they 're scared of foreigners . 
  nothing new . 
  i also love how your preferred personal attack is to say others are unpatriotic or they hate european culture because they do n't want to vote for the shit heads in the far right that will actually destroy our nations . 
  maybe i love european culture more than you do and you do n't even realize it . 
  you can see how it questions the legitimacy of your position though right ? 
   yes i did , to which i lost the source . 
  to which you provided a source , a source that disproved your own argument . 
  not a good sign . 
  yeah , brussels is such a shit hole . 
  where are you from ? 
  does your city have no crime ? 
  no shitty people ? 
  god . 
  brussels is in no way a shit hole , a shit hole is a bum fuck red neck town or some ghetto in africa , not brussels . 
  you 're only saying it 's a shithole because you automatically associate foreigners with shit , there 's no other explanation . 
  it 's pointless to discuss this further . 
  you started with the argument that half the school kids are muslims , you were obviously wrong . 
  now you 're just [ moving the goalpost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moving_the_goalposts ) until there 's some semblance of truth in your argument . 
  i 'm not playing your game when you 're obviously very manipulative and dishonest in the way you argue . 
  the far right has taught you right . 
   in the shithole capital of europe ? 
  oh please . 
  brussels is a big city and it has some problems , but calling it a shit hole just makes me believe you 've not only never been there but you probably form your opinion based on sensationalist news . 
  brussels is hardly a `` shit hole '' . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't a high amount of foreigners , but most of them are n't muslim and ~ ~ most ~ ~ vast majority that are muslims are n't out to fuck your kids and blow you up . 
  are you demented ? 
   probably not . 
  you confused the word `` probably '' with the word `` certainly ''  http://www.npdata.be/bug/100/ you need to provide a better source than that . 
  it 's done by a guy in 2005 based on wild speculation , even wikipedia cites that these numbers and i quote `` need a better source '' . 
  in any case , what you 're doing is pretty much [ fear mongering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear_mongering ) . 
   fear mongering or scaremongering is the deliberate use of fear based tactics including exaggeration and usually repetition to influence the public in order to achieve a desired outcome . 
  this is what the far right has been doing since forever . 
  some things never change . 
  so why do n't you post this new source then ? 
  are you afraid i 'm going to find the bullshit in it ? 
  you post a number with no source and expect me to take you for granted , especially after i caught you lying on the `` half of students are muslims '' when that 's obviously not the case ? 
  why do n't you respond to this :  in brussels , about half the children in state schools opt for classes in islam , although this figure ** excludes the large share of youngsters who attend private , mostly catholic schools . 
  ** so is it half of all school children in brussels ? 
   in brussels , about half the children in state schools opt for classes in islam , ** although this figure excludes the large share of youngsters who attend private , mostly catholic schools . 
  ** reading . 
  do you know it ? 
  it 's obvious the number is nowhere near to half . 
  a large share attend catholic private schools , that pretty much excludes any kind of half being muslim . 
  you yourself badgered me into addressing this issue . 
  well , i have , and now you 're sticking your fingers up your ears and pretending you were n't blatantly making misleading claims . 
  absolutely typical . 
  yeah i would n't say pis is far right either , but definitely populist with some far right elements . 
  they are more right on the spectrum than most of the establishment parties in europe , that much is true i think . 
  is 25.5 % half ? 
  you 're a lying scumbag with absolutely no shame . 
  that number is n't even in the article you linked . 
  liar liar liar .
