   its a policy/belief system . 
  approved of by a previous majority of people and therefore carried out by the government . 
  arguing about the word used to describe it is ridiculous . 
  simply not true . 
  globalism is a fact . 
  globalism is happening . 
  it does n't matter what the position of the uk is or what the eu does . 
  globalism is something that has been enabled by the huge advancements in technology , especially transportation and communication . 
  the world is extremely interconnected and the only natural consequences is this globalization people are fearing so much . 
  globalization is going to happen no matter how many people in the uk may be against it . 
  the question is whether you want your country to be in the best position possible to deal with this changing world or if you want to isolate and delude yourself into thinking you 'll do fine on your own while the world passes you by . 
  what it boils down to in my mind is people not wanting to accept the world is changing faster than they might like it to change while others embrace it or even want to see the process get sped up . 
  some people end up losing because of globalization while others end up winning , that 's just the nature of things , that is why humans need to be adaptable . 
  however being against this immense and in my opinion unstoppable phenomenon that is happening thanks to technology puts you on par with the ludites that were so afraid of industrialization because swaths of people will lose their jobs . 
  it 's a losing proposition . 
  the world is changing and you ca n't expect your corner of the world to remain unchanged or regress back to some idealized times when things used to be `` great '' , because that is just impossible . 
   i do n't think this is a scheme or plot . 
  just a idealistic belief system that is ultimately self destructive . 
  maybe you do n't , plenty of people do . 
  the ridiculously broad term `` leftist '' is also not my own invention , it 's being used as a starwman by certain groups and i 've seen a lot of this term thrown around including on reddit . 
  i myself have been called a leftist numerous times simply because i do n't agree with points the far right makes about immigrants . 
   africa is now over a billion people and according to the un will be over 2.5 billion people by 2050 . 
  most areas in the middle east have similar growth , egypt for example has gone from 40 million people in 1975 to over 80 million today . 
  the areas feeding this are continuing to grow at an incredible rate . 
  every european nation has went through the same population boom as recently as 4-5 decades ago , yet we have n't swarmed the earth and did n't continue growing at that rate forever . 
  you 're assuming things based on current trends and you 're assuming these trends will continue 30 years into the future , but if you consider the trends as a whole and not just on what 's going on now , the population growth in those areas is going to slow down and it 's going to plateau once development reaches higher levels , which will also slow down migration . 
  thus i do n't think your model is accurate at all . 
   this migration wave is not an ` exceptional event ' this is the new normal . 
  no it is n't , migration levels into europe have already dropped down considerably when compared to last year . 
  indeed , time to wake up and realize those people are playing big parts of the population for fools for their own political gain . 
  where it stems from is literally decades of tabloid propaganda against immigrants and the eu , scapegoating any problem society might have on groups and entities that ca n't really defend themselves against such attacks . 
  it 's been done over and over again throughout the course of history , and people are still falling for it , albeit less than they used to . 
  so if you really want to know where it stems from , that 's it , it 's playing on people 's fears and prejudices for political and economic gain by people much smarter than those they string along , seeing as how the target demographic is usually older more conservative people with less education and knowledge about the world * on average . 
  your whole post is extremely disingenuous . 
  in 50 years we will be colonized by arabs ? 
  immigration is nothing new and all i can think of when you say that is this graph : http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2016/03/daily-chart-15 which is to say that your perception does n't reflect reality , multiculturalism and globalism is n't an `` agenda '' and the refugee crisis was an exceptional event not a yearly occurring one so you can draw conclusions based on it . 
  demographics in itself can not be a conspiracy theory , thinking that the demographics are being manipulated by evil leftists to destroy the white race may be though . 
  i wish that were true . 
  both of them rely on that part of the population that rarely if ever use the internet , believe everything the state controlled media says and turn a blind eye to anything that comes in contradiction with their beliefs . 
  it 's like the brexit camp sprinkled with crack . 
  when romania did the same thing about half of the people that were about to go on the lists payed before that happened so they wo n't appear . 
  just two dictators trying to save face however they can in front of the people they need to look strong for . 
  the turnout was very high and the majority voted leave . 
  for all intents and purposes in a democracy that is what we call `` the will of the people '' . 
  most of them did vote as a matter of fact , and those that did n't probably did n't care enough to vote either way . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm fully aware that the whole referendum is a joke , but it 's not wrong to say that most brits want to leave , since those are in fact the results we have . 
  unless you make voting compulsory the majority is whatever the people that showed up to vote decided . 
  junker is literally worse than all of them , he 's stalin incarnate and merkel is hitler 's avatar hellbent on creating the 4 ` th reich by destroying our good old christian nations through soros ' multiculturalist and globalist agenda . 
  when you buy into those things , murdoch , putin , trump , le pen truly look like heroes . 
  russia is one and a half years into an economic recession with standards of living dropping like a stone in a lake . 
  the problem in russia is that unlike the uk where the leaders have accountability towards the electorate and will pay for fuck ups , in russia the government controls virtually all of the media and putin has zero accountability for what he brought unto russia . 
  a liberal that is siding with boris and farage . 
  the guys that are constantly spreading hate and are anti-science and `` tired of experts '' ? 
  that 's because they all think it wo n't really affect them directly . 
  it 's one thing to accept some possible future consequences you do n't really understand , it 's another entirely to find out the company you work at is moving its operations to france and now you 're shit out of luck because the economy is contracting and people are n't hiring . 
  sure there 's a lot of racist around , but hear this , it 's all justified and it 's all your fault for criticizing racists !, 
  - amazing argument, 
  understandable considering the middle finger the brits gave us . 
  if these are your best reasons to despise the eu then i really wonder how closely do you follow national politics of the member states . 
  i can guarantee you can find more shady shit being done in a year than in 10 years on the eu level . 
  how so ? 
  he was n't drunk . 
  it 's just how he is . 
  everyone knows he acts like a retard sometimes but to a lot of people it 's quite endearing . 
  he 's harmless in any case in his banter . 
  both of them imply flexibility , but none of them imply complicity in fraud . 
  otherwise why talk about moving the goalposts if you 're just going to fake the goal ? 
  i provided my opinion on why i think that stats like that are often used to justify discrimination . 
  the reason why i joined the conversation is to share that opinion , now you 're telling me i should n't have . 
  i 'm not ignoring any context , the guy asked for stats , the guy provided half the stats , and then i mentioned why i do n't think that should be used to justify xenophobia . 
  how does that imply they knew they faked everything ? 
  all you can draw from that is that the eu was willing to be flexible in their criteria , not that they encouraged greece to fake their economic situation . 
   also competence & elected and purposeful/modest bureaucracy has everyone 's best interest at hart your point is totally non-biased and fair . 
  nevermind the fact that countries willingly joined , or that they still retain a big part of their sovereignty . 
  what really grinds my gears is that you people always end up comparing eu politics which is by far one of the most sane in the world , with some abstract ideal of national politics . 
  there 's in fact quite a lot of competence , democratic legitimacy and efficiency inside the eu , this union has managed to lift a lot of countries out of poverty and into the modern world . 
  people have just forgotten all about that since the 2008 crash . 
  spain , poland , even the uk , they greatly benefited from the eu . 
  i 'm not even going to mention countries such as the ne , germany or france , which are huge exporters and are the biggest winners . 
  romania itself is greatly benefiting from the eu and that 's why most romanians love the union . 
  your point of view is extremely biased and it ignores everything good the eu does in favor of the few things you personally are not okay with . 
  he only provided stats for the 1 % of the population part and i 'm not the guy who asked for stats . 
  stats can always be so easily used to point out that some culture or some people are inherently inferior , when in fact the reasons might be very different . 
  i can have a different opinion that the guy that asked for stats ca n't i ? 
  oh please , i 've rarely if ever seen an accusation of racism that did n't have a basis for it . 
  you 're complaining about a non-issue . 
  just because you 're pretending that saying shit like sinking the refugee boats is n't racist does n't mean that it 's undeserved . 
  i 've seen comments being upvoted in which german arsonists burning down refugee centers were lauded . 
  yet if you called them out as racist , all the far righters would downvote you and tell you that you 're a monster for calling people you disagree with a racist . 
  the difference is n't bigger than what you find between locals and romanian immigrants for example . 
  what i mean to say is that while it is true how groups have different proportions of `` bad apples '' so to speak , it 's still wrong to discriminate and hate an entire group based on the actions of the minority . 
  it only serves to alienate and create more problems . 
  using stats sure is a nice way to justify hating others . 
  i do n't care if 1 % represent 6 % of your prison population , you know why ? 
  because all the rest that are n't committing crimes and are contributing to society do n't be deserved to be treated like trash or discriminated against because some of their countrymen are idiots . 
  that 's what it boils down to . 
  that 's what racism is , it 's hating on people or discriminating against them based on nothing more than their skin color , or ethnicity , religion , nationality , political leanings , gender , sexual orientation and so on . 
  nobody forced anything . 
  this is the same type of shit i see when people mention globalist conspiracies . 
  multiculturalism and globalism are happening and they 've been happening ever since we had the great technological booms of the last century .
