  these are mostly aspects of conservatorism that affect a nation and its people negatively . 
  if oil prices keep rising . 
  also if putin does n't do anything too stupid and the world economy keeps growing . 
  even so it 's clear that the authoritarian and corrupt model of government that putin is applying in russia is n't very good for sustained growth and his decisions in the latest years have negatively affected russia 's economy . 
  people may want to leave because they see russia strangled by putin 's iron grip , not necessarily because they do n't think the economy will start growing next year . 
  the eu as a whole and then china . 
  what . 
  it 's expected for the ez to grow less than non-ez countries , otherwise the latter would never catch up to ez ones , which is kind of the point . 
  ez countries in general also have way more developed economies . 
  0.5 % growth for germany is a fuckton more than 4 % for romania . 
  it 's normal for poorer countries to achieve higher growth at least percentage wise . 
  that 's to be expected , at least when comparing ez vs rest of eu . 
  it 's easy to explain because on average most countries in the ez have economies that are way better developed than non-ez countries , thus it 's to be expected for poorer and less developed countries from outside the ez to have bigger growth on average , things would be pretty fucked otherwise as it would mean non-ez countries would never catch up to ez ones , which is kind of the point . 
  the people most fervent against islam and muslims are the people that are most like the islamists they despise . 
  the irony is too much . 
  people should just realize that extremism of any kind is bad and killing innocent people is never fucking okay , no matter what your reason is . 
  ( unless you need to sacrifice people to appease cthulhu ), 
  you ca n't seriously think we 'll all be able to do that right ? 
  although those things could very well be done by robots once they are advanced enough , assembling and repairing are the easy ones , programming will probably be replaced by automation too at one point . 
  leaders can still be anti-democratic and authoritarian even if they were elected . 
  putin was elected too , that does n't mean he is n't playing dictator . 
  modern democracies rely on mechanisms of protection in order to work , such as the constitutional court and the rule of law . 
  if leaders do n't respect those principles they become authoritarian and democracy is in danger . 
  it 's not about what people voted for in this instance , it 's about preserving a separation of powers and the rule of law which makes a democracy . 
  russia is just making people happy . 
  epic . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33549462 http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/04/georgia-border-russia-vladimir-putin-213787 https://news.vice.com/video/the-russians-are-coming-georgias-creeping-occupation let me guess . 
  it 's all propaganda . 
  i 'm sure your sources denying this are more credible than mine . 
  / s those peasants talking about how they woke up in a different country are also probably just being bribed by the west or something right ? 
  yeah , you are right , people are n't treating germany like the third reich , but you 're a fucking idiot for not being able to understand why . 
  people do n't treat germany like that because they actually fucking admitted all their wrong doings and apologized for them , they do n't try to hide them or pretend that `` germany was n't nazi germany '' . 
  they have also sincerely adopted the `` live and let live '' policy and they do n't go around annexing other countries . 
  that 's why people like germany now , even though they hated the germans back then . 
  they 've actually changed and made amends , unlike russia that still acts like an asshole while simultaneously denying any responsibility for your own actions . 
   bad , bad examples . 
  georgia was the aggressor in the conflict , and while there was intervention by the russian army , it retreated back in a week . 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2015/07/creeping-russian-border-georgia-south-ossetia-abkhazia-150722111452829.html totally bro . 
    and crimea was taken ( almost ) bloodlessly , was widely celebrated by the local population which still prefers to be in russia by a wide margin - with the exception of some borderline terrorist organizations like mejlis . 
  yeah , it 's still called annexation . 
  you had absolutely no right . 
  furthermore , russia is absolutely fueling the conflict in donbass and you have to be brainwashed as fuck not to acknowledge that . 
   but at least not blaming it for absolutely everything shitty in the world nope , people are blaming russia for the very well deserved shit they should be blamed for . 
  absolutely nobody is blaming `` everything '' on russia , we 're just blaming you for being asshole bullies , for annexing others , for implementing ruthless dictatorial regimes throughout eastern europe etc. 
  you just do n't want to admit that your country treats other countries like absolute shit , because it might actually reflect badly on you . 
  asylum is n't offered , it 's requested . 
  if people request it , we have a duty to give them due process . 
  i do n't see what else is there to say . 
  you 're implying something very different just for the sake of ideological arguments . 
  you are fucking nuts . 
  please never embarrass yourself like this ever again . 
  germany is one of the most loved countries in europe and the biggest powerhouse , they are doing just fine . 
  http://www.namibiansun.com/history/germany-finally-recognises-namibian-genocide.80701 good news . 
  which is what germany is trying to do . 
  nobody is handing out asylum to everybody who asks , we give them due process . 
  very , very , very different than the lies you are suggesting . 
  yeah and nazi germany was n't germany etc. 
  if that 's your argument , it 's shit . 
   if you would live and let live , all this `` alienation '' would eventually diminish , but that 's the `` hard '' way of making others like you , the easy way is to force them to love you . 
  right , comrade ? 
  let me get this straight once and for all : ** people are alienating russia because your country acts like an asshole bully to all of its neighbors . 
  ** this is n't something new with georgia , or crimea , it 's something you 've been doing for a long time . 
  if you would live and let live , all this `` alienation '' would eventually diminish , but that 's the `` hard '' way of making others like you , the easy way is to force them to love you . 
  right , comrade ? 
  maybe your country should try to whole `` live and let live philosophy '' before accusing the rest of us of alienating russia . 
  you ca n't go around annexing parts of sovereign nations and then bitch and moan that others are being unfriendly or `` uncooperative '' , should we like maybe help you in donbass ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  opposition is alive and well in our democracies , splitting up parties into `` mainstream '' and `` far right '' has no bearing on whether opposition exists or not , since the `` mainstream '' parties already fight each other and compete , we do n't need a far right to have opposition . 
   that 's not a what-if scenario , that 's a guarantee , because it happens in every political system . 
  policies shift . 
  people in unquestioned power get complacent and corrupt who exactly has unquestioned power ? 
  we do n't have any putin 's west of russia and turkey . 
   how do you know what a party believes when you allow them to be censored in your press , and your leaders refuse to engage with them the far right is already getting way too much coverage , so i do n't know what you 're talking about , certain publications are pushing their view points hard . 
  as for politicians not engaging with them , i 'm very glad they do n't , because by engaging with them you legitimize them , and by legitimizing the far right all you 're doing is saying that maybe they 're okay and viable in politics , they are not . 
  the far right is extremely anti-democratic and much of their platform relies on reversing many of the human rights and liberties we have achieved and disregarding the rule of law and the rights of minorities , very dangerous things which have nothing to do with modern democracy . 
  you forget , we do n't have direct democracy in europe , we have representative social-democracy , they are very different , because in our system of democracy equality before the law and protection of minorities are corner stones of our entire way of being , people and politicians can not infringe upon them as they are guaranteed rights , yet that is what the far right wants to do . 
   equality for all vanishes the second you say general election results can be `` wrong . '', 
  the second you make that choice , you 're no longer a democracy . 
  it is not a morally subjective `` what if '' , it is an inevitability . 
  false , you just do n't understand the nature of modern democracy . 
  like i said , it is not direct democracy and it is not tyranny of the majority . 
  it is the reason why we have constitutions and checks and balances in place . 
  nobody is talking about invalidating general elections , but the results can be `` wrong '' in the sense that no politician will be allowed to cross certain limits and do whatever they want , no matter if their mandate stems from a majority of people , it is the cornerstone of modern democracy like i 've said . 
  in that sense , it is perfectly democratic and extremely important to have mechanisms that limit and prevent abuses of power , regardless of the majority that might want that . 
  true , but we 're talking about asylum seekers and not regular migration , let 's not mix them up . 
  when it comes to regular migration we already do many of those things . 
  when it comes to asylum seekers we need to give them due process . 
  no , i do n't realize the refugees vote . 
  it 's just basic human psychology . 
  if you see prices continually going down , what does your instinct tell you ? 
  it tells you to wait longer to make your purchase , we 've all done this on some level . 
  i 'm not saying this applies to absolutely everyone , but plenty of people would put off buying goods and services if they would see prices start dropping month after month . 
  agreed ? 
  most people are n't looking to pay a `` fair price '' , they 're looking to pay as little as they can . 
  rightly so . 
  if plenty of people do this , it 's obviously going to have a very negative effect on a lot businesses , not just supermarkets , but everyone that produces goods or offers services . 
  if companies see demand dropping , what do they do ? 
  they usually lower prices even more in order to sell their stock , that leads to a deflationary spiral which starts making things even worse as more and more companies start failing or making negative profits . 
  at one point things do start equalizing but at that point you could be looking at an economic disaster . 
  well it 's a good thing we punish people based on actions , not thoughts expressed in a poll .
