yeah , sure , it 's a conspiracy . 
  a few thousand in romania , i meant , not the total number . 
  do you really think that we should give up structural funds worth billions of euros in exchange for not accepting a few thousand refugees ? 
  this is no choice at all , it 's obvious we benefit way more . 
  i mean pretty much most infrastructure projects in the past years have been thanks to eu funds , we would n't be able to do shit by ourselves . 
  you 've found a way to invent an argument absolutely nobody ever made and ` win ' against it . 
  good job . 
  would be nice if someone would put you in the back of that truck and shut the door so you can think about what you said . 
  yeah , people deserve to die for wanting better lives . 
  it 's not like they murdered or raped people to deserve dying over . 
  there were even children there , how the fuck can you not at least empathize a little . 
  you must be a massive tool . 
  or he just realized at some point that they died so he just panicked and ran away . 
  the problem is that when you vote far-right parties you also vote the far-right extremists , too many people that are moderate in their stance seem to conveniently ignore how some of these parties have ties with neo-nazism and some of their founders and high-ranking members are extremely radical in their views . 
  let 's not pretend like these parties are being persecuted simply for being right-wing , parties like jobbik in hungary which is now the 3 ` rd largest party have high ranking members claiming that ww2 was orchestrated by the jews or wanting to ban ` popularizing ' homosexuality like the russians did and shit like that . 
  more moderate people should stop pretending like a lot of the members of these parties are n't downright demented in their world-view and then maybe you will realize why some people are quick to call out people that support these parties . 
  what 's happening today is that these parties have certain stances on immigration that are growing in popular sentiment nowadays because of fear and uncertainty while conveniently ignoring all the extremism these parties were founded on and their other more radical beliefs . 
  these parties were also smart enough to align themselves a bit closer to the center so they can attract a larger base , they seized the opportunity , but maybe people should n't forget so easily where these parties came from . 
  let 's see , when someone on reddit says this :  i believe the boats should be shot down with the people in them are we allowed to call them neo-nazis ? 
  it even got a few upvotes , is n't that nice ? 
  or is this just a classic case of different opinions and the people calling this shit out being a bunch of totalitarian assholes in your perspective ? 
  our european ancestors are from three small countries up north ? 
  good to know . 
  i think the french , spanish , portuguese , german , english are way more relevant in this discussion , since , you know , they make up the brunt of european influence , population , wealth and culture . 
  there 's like almost no immigrants coming to romania and yet you 're still a bitter fuckhead about the issue . 
  maybe shut up and let countries that actually have to deal with the issue handle it . 
  you 're right you know , i 'm sure our jew hating , racist , slave-driver ancestors would be pretty sad if they knew what was happening , but as it turns out people nowadays do n't necessarily want to be like our ancestors were . 
  all i see from you is ignoring historical realities the [ great migration periods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/migration_period ) , and it sure was n't between europeans themselves you numb-nuts . 
  as for the fear you feel when you go out of your house , ever consider that maybe it 's a highly irrational fear ? 
  [ as deaths from terrorist attacks are ** less likely ** than deaths from being struck by lightning or dying in your own bathtub ] ( http://reason.com/archives/2011/09/06/how-scared-of-terrorism-should ) . 
  so maybe this fear that people have is only ` destabilizing ' europe because people are a bunch of over-reacting idiots that think the world will end from the slightest little thing , like the ebola incidents last year and so many other ` big scares ' we 're bombarded with . 
  some of them are well educated , others are not , the point is that generalizations are stupid and you are being very unfair towards a big number of people that may not fit your ignorant statements . 
  furthermore , just because someone is uneducated does n't mean they want to steal or murder , uneducated people are n't evil by default and neither are poor people . 
  so in the end , you base your arguments on faulty historical premises to justify european ` purism ' , you refuse to accept that european culture is nothing more than a mesh of a lot of different cultures , a lot of the times from outside the continent , you generalize that all the immigrants are uneducated criminals and you use irrational fear as your main weapon in this argument to convince us that this is destabilizing our continent . 
  the comparison with the fear of flying was n't accidental , it 's the same principle , the chances of getting hurt are very small , but when something happens it makes the news and it makes people freak out , even though only 1 in a few million will ever die because of that and with terrorism being even less likely than dying in an airplane crash . 
  the chances are so small that it 's like worrying you 're gon na get struck by lightning and then attacked by a bear . 
  it was n't just territorial wars between nations , there was a lot of migration . 
  are you voluntarily ignoring the fact that a few hundred thousand people is never going to destabilize a country like germany or italy for that matter ? 
  most of these immigrants wo n't even be granted a refugee status . 
  germany only gave it to 30.000 people last year , this year it will probably be more , but it 's absolute peanuts compared to their population and they 're the most sought after destination . 
  it 's retarded that you think western civilization is so fragile as to break under the weight of a few hundred thousand immigrants . 
  your fear is about as rational as the fear of flying on an airplane . 
  although i guess it 's easy to fear this so much when you presume that every immigrant is a terrorist , a criminal , or a lazy bum . 
  maybe if you would accept the fact that the vast majority of them are regular people that want to have a better life , not to steal or kill people , you 'd realize that this is n't something that will destroy europe . 
  it 's just one more piece of right-wing rhetoric . 
  it has the purpose of further creating an us vs them mentality and an appeal to ` proper traditional values ' that we white people have , as opposed to those damn brown people with their savage religion and subhuman culture . 
  you do realize that pretty much every country in europe has been subjected to a mash of different cultures for millennia right ? 
  you talk about the pure german culture as if it is n't the result of thousands of years of migration and cultural exchange . 
  yes . 
  that 's how it works if you do n't wan na have idiotic world views . 
  i used to believe certain things too while growing up , wrong things , or things i 'm not proud of now , then i changed my world view when confronted with the fact that i was wrong . 
  that 's how it freaking works . 
  otherwise you 're stuck believing all kinds of retarded shit . 
  is this such an inconceivable notion to some people ? 
  because i sure did n't take for granted what parents or society has taught me once i was old enough to be exposed to different views and learn to think more rationally . 
  yeah and obviously the problem is with the sane people that do n't support the ring wing movement , not with the assholes that actually consider voting in parties tied with neo-nazis . 
  people are only justifying the fact that they are assholes . 
  there you go ladies and gentleman . 
  this is the kind of freedom people want , to be able to discuss shooting people . 
  ridiculous . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i think most of them would n't mind that happening they just do n't outright call for it or admit it . 
  this new right-wing movement is extremely tied with the former neo-nazi movements , it 's just that a lot of them have now migrated a bit more towards the center so they can attract a larger base . 
  make no mistake though , they 're just as fucked up as individuals . 
  there are in fact such things as a wrong opinion . 
  you 're allowed to have it , but it 's wrong . 
  a lot of angry russians willing to go die ? 
  lovely . 
  how the fuck is this shit the most upvoted comment ? 
  almost all countries in europe are secular by constitution with laws against discrimination based on religion . 
  it 's sad to see how infiltrated / r/europe has become with far right idiots . 
  it 's one thing to ` rather accept ' christians and another to only accept christians , the former is against a bunch of international and european treaties ( which nobody was forced to sign ) and probably against their own constitution , which is mindbogglingly retarded . 
  all i got from your posts is that you hate yourself and you want others to hate themselves too . 
  they rated their body confidence not their looks in an objective manner and obesity is n't a problem in romania yet like in the uk . 
  plus they 're kids for fucks sake , why would you want kids to have body issues . 
  jesus , you must really hate yourself . 
  the argument is n't and never was geographic when people refer to countries like hungary as eastern europe . 
  it refers to countries that were former eastern bloc with economies that are still lagging behind those of the west . 
  romania is located in central europe too , we 're still considered eastern europeans though , it has more to do with the former eastern bloc than with actual geography . 
  no , most people think that the eu is doing a fine job in imposing better standards for us because our politicians are too corrupt and unable to do it themselves . 
  pretty sure those poor people you mention are the middle class in eastern europe . 
  you just have different standards for what it means to be middle class . 
  seems like you find ways to blame the eu for anything , even though this has nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with international law and national governments . 
  it seems that no matter how much proof is posted that the russians are involved in ukraine , people still try to say it 's not . 
  it 's easy for the uk to think that when they are 2000 miles away and in no danger whatsoever . 
  for eastern european countries the threat is right at our doorstep and what happened in ukraine only helped convince us that the danger is real and we are n't being paranoid for no reason when it comes to russia . 
  having a base there is an even bigger insurance that the members will act . 
  you literally have no idea how racism works do you ? 
  ok , here , let me give you an example : a. i hate niggers because they 're skin is black = racist and retarded b. i hate niggers because they 're criminals and drug dealers = still racist c. i hate tyrone because he raped my mom = not racist let 's continue , shall we ? 
  a. i hate jews because they 're sneaky thieves = racist b. i hate goldstein because he stole my wallet = not racist so , you see , the problem lies with generalizations , it 's when you paint certain groups as a whole with certain negative ( or even positive ) characteristics just because they have a different skin colour or ethnicity . 
  we all know that in the us for example , black people are more often incarcerated than white people , they are usually poorer and more uneducated and so on , but i think we can all agree that if you say you do n't want black people around your part of town , even if you use such statistical arguments , you might just be a racist hill billy . 
  that my friend , is what you are as well . 
  yeah , it 's one big conspiracy to hold the left down , it could n't possibly be about the fact that most people in the eu do not agree with giving greece free money because of their bad choices . 
  meanwhile , other countries deal with actual problems , like their politicians outright stealing billions of dollars . 
  that 's the reality of what 's happening in brazil for example . 
  we all benefit from a stronger europe as a whole . 
  richer countries are always a bit frustrated over having to pay more than they receive , because they see the balance of contributions with a minus in front . 
  the fact that economies in eastern europe are growing can only be good for the eu in the long run . 
  investment is the keyword here and that 's what it is , you put some money into these countries now so we can all benefit later .
