  so no , i do n't think it 's a bad thing they 're leaving , i think it 's a bad thing that circumstances are shitty enough that it forced a lot of people to leave , but we wo n't fix our situation by forcing everyone to stay , we 'll fix it by doing what we 're doing now , fighting corruption , fighting tax evasion , voting better politicians , creating more jobs , raising living standards and so on . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's useless to force people to stay in your country if there are n't even any jobs for them , it actually helps the romanian economy that they make good money outside and send some back into the country , or when they come back and start businesses with the money they saved . 
  we 'll worry about getting them back once this country can actually offer them something better than what we could 5 years ago or 10 years ago . 
  people go where the jobs are and where the money is at , that 's just how it works . 
  no reason to be sad over it . 
  sure , the eu , which started as a free trade agreement , has nothing to do with exports . 
  / facepalm let me guess this straight . 
  because i do n't know how to quantify the direct effects of a very complex issue , to you that means that it 's beyond common sense for the eu to have any direct effect on trade . 
  okay . 
  if you 're going to be this obtuse then it 's clear this discussion is n't based on any logic on your part . 
  or honesty . 
  that 's extremely misleading . 
  of course there was a drop in the gdp after a bloody revolution and the subsequent theft of the country by ex party and secret police members , this is n't even up for debate , but after things stabilized we greatly surpassed our soviet era gdp . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/gdp select max and see the graph . 
  romania 's gdp went from under 50 billion dollars to 200 billion dollars . 
  as for figures before 1989 , they are highly unreliable because of communist book keeping . 
  right . 
  because the massive genocides , political assassinations , confiscation of private wealth , killing or locking people up for speaking against the regime and not even having the right to vote are totally comparable to `` the great abuses '' of the eu . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  that 's your opinion , for me the dream of a true european union is too tempting to ignore just because there are some differences , which , again , i do n't think are nearly as big as you say , we 're all people here . 
  i know that the netherlands is a net contributor , but that 's a very narrow view if you only subtract contributions to what you receive back without taking into consideration the huge benefits it brings to a a net exporter such as the netherlands . 
  for every eastern european country you finance the benefits of having prime access to new markets of millions of people heavily outweigh the losses , not to mention the fact that you 're providing a very good base for these countries to grow and thus consume more of your goods , bring more tourist money to your countries and so on , the benefits only go up in time , while the net contributions start dropping . 
  i 'm not saying it brings no disadvantages , but romania used to be a very poor and corrupt country , the eu must have some amount of patience with us because things are improving rapidly . 
  the reason there are many criminals from romania in your country is related to poverty , once more and more romanians are lifted out of it and it becomes a decent play to live in , that will stop being such a problem . 
  i get that in the meantime you 'd rather not have gypsy beggars on your streets or pickpockets , and it would sound terrible if i were to defend them , but they really are just very poor uneducated people mostly and violent crimes are rare . 
  i guess that the bottom line is that i 'm sad to see how easily people ignore the benefits it brings to all of the continent and how much it helps countries while only seeing negatives such as troublemakers . 
  i get that in the news it 's much more sensational and appetizing to talk about how how a romanian immigrant robbed a poor old dutch lady , while the benefits are way more boring and people are so used to them they do n't even notice anymore , but most romanians are n't out to rob you , we 're people just like you and most of us are trying to improve our country after having lived most of our history under highly authoritarian regimes . 
  the benefits may not all be that apparent now , but ideally in the long run you want your fellow countries to be relatively prosperous and democratic , not shitholes run by madmen , because that 's how get the middle east . 
  i do n't see how that 's true but whatever . 
  first of all nobody is denouncing anybody for saying some of them are opportunists , because it 's true , second of all what the far right is doing much more than saying some of the refugees are n't refugees , they 're trying to paint the picture that most of them or all of them are opportunistic and that we should help nobody , which is very different . 
  undeniably some of them are opportunists , but that 's why we have authorities , to sort through this stuff , that neither means that we should shut down everything , nor does it mean that we should just accept everybody because nobody is taking advantage . 
  it 's called having a balanced and rational point of view , instead of falling into extremes . 
  i have clicked max and i do n't see how you can claim your country stagnated , it 's pretty much a straight arrow upwards , you went from less than 15.000 gdp/capita to just below 45.000 gdp/capita . 
  just because you 've been stagnating for a few years does n't mean anything in the long run and it proves nothing , there always were and always will be cycles in economy of boom , recession , stagnation and growth , regardless of the eu . 
  that 's just the nature of economy and the only thing that really matters is the long term trend , which is undeniably upwards . 
  if you 're going to judge everything by only taking into consideration short periods of time while ignoring undeniably positive long term trends then are you really being honest in your argument ? 
  by the way that peak of 45.000 is right at the peak of the economic boom , so it 's not very relevant at all , you 've still gone up when taking into account 2006 figures to 2016 . 
  we 've all went through a massive economic crisis , that should n't change how everyone feels about things , because it 's an outlier , not a trend . 
  i agree , the eu has its problems , but sensationalism and fear has taken over instead of rational objectivity . 
  the bottom line is that we all benefited a lot more from the eu than what we have given , but none of it matters when confronted with sensationalist bullshit like the refugee crisis or greece 's spectacular fuck ups . 
  nobody said it 'll be easy , a complete eu is a huge dream that rightly a lot of people do n't believe in , but it 's not because it 's somehow not doable , it 's because people get stuck on all kinds of petty differences instead of actually talking to each other and coming up with a plan . 
  our similarities are way bigger than you think , most people in romania love the netherlands for example and we would like our country to be more like yours , it 's just after living 50 years under the soviet regime and being fucked in the ass left and right it 's not so easy to do in just a generation . 
  the eu gives us a solid chance at it though and we have took it , since joining romania has improved massively and that 's at least in part to you . 
  you may not care much about romanians or poles or hungarians , but the netherlands also benefits from this union , for example you export 2.8 billions of euros worth to romania every year , while you only pay about 125 million in structural funds per year towards us . 
  it 's pocket change compared to getting prime access to a market of 18 million people to your export sector . 
  and yes , there are differences , but most are due to the fact that we 're coming from different places , as long as we 'd at least be heading in the same direction those differences would become smaller and smaller . 
  one is about actual survival and the other is about some massively overblown fear that is also fueled by russia . 
  but sure . 
  the problems greece have very little to do with the ones ukraine has . 
  i ca n't even . 
  i 'm done . 
  you can go pat yourself on the back for telling ukrainian 's to go fuck themselves because of greece 's fuck ups . 
  so you 're asking something impossible . 
  considering the eu started as a free trade agreement in order to make money , not give out charity , you 're already wrong . 
  eu countries export most to the eu and it 's way easier and cheaper to do than exporting in non-eu countries , it 's the reason the eu exists as i 've said and it 's hilarious to say that it does n't help western countries which are net exporters to have new markets of tens of millions of people . 
  all it takes is a bit of common sense . 
  you can do it . 
  how about providing some number of the gdp 's of these countries before and after . 
  i think you 'll be shocked . 
  i 'm not speaking for myself , i speak for rational people that are n't looking at the past with rose tinted glasses . 
  pretty much every living standard metric has gone up enormously since joining the eu . 
  there 's more people that feel it was n't good . 
  living standards have barely now started to catch up in romania and that 's what will predict the answer to those questions more than anything else . 
  after 1989 romania 's economy was in shambles , the installation in power of corrupt former ex-communist party officials also did n't help at all . 
  people are short sighted and they 're extremely subjective , of course the post revolution poverty disillusioned a lot of people and some did live better under communism munching on the state 's handouts , but the fact is that romania was pretty much controlled by a corrupt oligarchy with strong roots in the communist regime until not too long ago , it has kept our country behind for a long time . 
  since joining the eu we have made massive progress and that 's why most people in romania are pro-ue and nato . 
  most romanians want nothing to do with being in russia 's sphere of influence and even though a lot of people might regret the free handouts they used to get , a lot more are starting to truly appreciate the democracy we 're building . 
  as my mother used to say , people that cry after communism are those that simply have n't managed to adapt to capitalism , and that rings very true , as in every poll about the subject the 70 + age group is the most vehement in their nostalgia , while only about a third of younger people think life was better . 
  which is blatantly false . 
  the `` money pumped '' into the country , of which the eu pays 20 billion of in a 6 year period , is nothing compared to the massive increase of western exports to romania . 
  i was arguing the same thing with a dutch guy last night and it was easily provable how false that is . 
  in the case of the netherlands for example , they provide approximately 125 million euros per year for romania while they export 2.8 billion euros worth every year . 
  that 's just one example . 
  it 's exactly because we have suffered through atrocities to the hands of the ussr why we desperately wanted to join nato , make no mistake . 
  that does n't make us `` more receptive '' in any way , we have spoken and our message is clear . 
  so you really want me to prove how much you earn much more from exports than from your net contributions for every country ? 
  the numbers are all there and they will confirm what i 'm saying . 
  you ca n't just hand waive away your billions of euros in exports per year by saying that you contribute a few hundred millions of euros to different eastern european countries and still act like you were n't wrong by saying that you lose more money to these countries than you gain . 
  it 's useless to debate this if you only want to count the 8.5 billions you contribute which is [ 3.78 % of the eu 's budget ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union ) , while ignoring the billions of euros worth of exports you have to romania , [ the 4.2 billion euro exports to hungary ] ( http://www.worldsrichestcountries.com/top_hungary_imports.html ) , [ or your 11 billion euros in exports to poland . 
  ] ( http://www.worldsrichestcountries.com/top_poland_imports.html ) just to cite a few examples . 
  furthermore , if you contribute 3.78 % of the eu 's budget , that means you 're `` paying '' romania 756 millions of euros over 6 years , so something above 100 million euros per year , while you export 2.8 billions per year . 
  it 's not even close . 
  you ca n't just pretend like it 's nothing and like you do n't benefit way more than what you 're paying for , so you could at least admit that you were wrong when you said you lose money to romania . 
  right . 
  you either have no idea how the soviet regime used to be , or you have no idea about the eu . 
  well i am from eastern europe and i can definitely say people do n't want more of russia 's influence , they want less , that 's the whole reason we ran into the arms of the eu and nato and it 's why ukraine is trying to do the same thing . 
  it 's as simple as that , that 's our reality . 
  the only reason the region is unstable is because of russia , so your logic that it would somehow stabilize the region is in complete contradiction with the fact that russia is by far the biggest contributor of instability in the first place . 
  they 're not entitled to some sphere of influence over eastern europe and that 's why our nations have decided to head the eu 's way , disregarding this is a big fuck you to all of us . 
  except i just proved that the netherlands benefits way more from exports than it contributes to eastern european countries . 
  you also wo n't be able to get away pretending that your 300 billion euros in exports to the eu are n't influenced by the very existence of it . 
  you do realize it started off as a free trade agreement for specifically this reason right ? 
  stop hiding behind your ignorance , the numbers are as clear as day , not all of those 300 billions are as a direct consequence of the eu , but will you at least admit that it 's surely more than the 8.5 billions you lose as a net contributor ? 
  because if you ca n't even do this then you 're completely ignoring any kind of common sense . 
  i have optimism that things will get better . 
  you should too . 
  we 're going through some rough times , but people ca n't have forgotten what the eu has done for us all completely in just a few years , it will just take something to remind them . 
  except putin is basically a dictator at this point that has annexed part of a sovereign european nation when nobody else thought it is possible . 
  this beautiful dream of europe and russia can only be a nightmare to eastern europe and a huge fuck you to ukraine . 
  like i said , bowing our heads in fear is no way to live .
