  i do n't think every hungarian is like that , just that there 's a significant segment of the population that has those thoughts . 
  i really did n't mean any offense , i guess i should 've worded my comment much more carefully . 
  all i meant to say is that i think nationalism is more widespread and more virulent in hungary because of that segment of the population that is still pissed off a century later about the treaty and wishes it could be undone . 
  that too . 
  but history classes are shite in most countries , kids are n't really taught accurate information , they exist to bring out patriotism out of the little buggers . 
  in my example about hungary , they glorify the age when they used to be an empire , but nobody teaches kids just how bad things were for the common man , or how all of those great kings were just brutal dictators most of the time . 
  people should thank their lucky stars for what we have today and work towards making progress for the better , instead of this you see people pining of long list times when their countries used to be stronk and independent , even though it 's all bullshit and it was all just the ambitions of mad men . 
  i 'm half hungarian . 
  apparently my comment rustled a lot of people 's jimmies . 
  what exactly did i say that is `` bad '' about hungary ? 
  the fact that the treaty of trianon exists ? 
  the fact that many hungarians are butthurt about it ? 
  the fact that not all of those lost territories belonged to you ? 
  or the fact that you have a lot of frustrated nationalists ? 
  what exactly did i say that 's offensive oh so offensive ? 
  it 's my take on the matter and it 's one of the reasons why i think nationalism in hungary is more widespread than in other countries , the fact that you used to be an empire and now you 're a small country in central europe . 
  i do n't think there 's anything bad about it , in fact i even said that i think people are way better off now it 's just that not everyone realizes it , they dream of things that should stay in the past . 
  maybe my comment came off as insulting , but it was n't . 
  i was just stating facts and my opinion , sorry if they offend you . 
  sure , except it did n't come from an inferiority complex , i could give a rats ass for you and everyone that has any kind of superiority or inferiority complexes based on their nationality or people that think it 's always about that . 
  it was just a statement of fact , many nationalistic hungarians are butthurt about all the lost territories even though they did n't belong to them . 
  yeah , nevermind that pretty much every country that uses the euro is richer than the ones that do n't yet . 
  and an economy about 10 times as smaller as the uk . 
  they 're all abrahamic religions . 
  they 're way more similar than you think . 
  people blaming islam do n't realize that the religion in itself is not the problem , it 's the environment in which it thrives . 
  take europe , strip it of its democracy and prosperity , you 'll see christianity become more and more popular and radical on a year by year basis . 
  or you know , just look back through history . 
  because christians have never raped . 
  wait . 
  catholic child rape scandals anyone ? 
  so let me make myself clear . 
  no , i 'm not saying muslims do n't rape people , no , i 'm not saying christians and muslims rape people at the exact same rate . 
  what i 'm saying is that cherry picking news about one ethnicity raping people is retarded and does n't prove shit , since anyone could just as easily cherry pick christians raping people . 
  oh , and another thing , white people or christians raping others does n't really make the news because it 's not fucking news , it 's been happening for thousands of years . 
  do n't let that get in the way of your circlejerk though . 
  pretty much . 
  people should also stop buying the bullshit that islam is what makes people nuts , no , it 's living in a place like syria , iraq , afghanistan , or even saudi arabia that makes you nuts . 
  islam is just a convenient tool for power hungry crazy mother fuckers to prey on mentally disturbed kids , which there is a lot of of going around . 
  because a lot of men are emotionally retarded , it 's been shown time and time again that we 're way less emotionally intelligent on average than women . 
  this probably happens because of cultural conditioning , where boys are thought that emotions are for girls and expressing yourself is weakness . 
  for me there 's an obvious correlation between this and increased mental health risks that lead to these things . 
  hungary has always been pretty nationalistic , but what really made things worse is when they lost most of their territories after the treaty of trianon . 
  of course a lot of it was n't really theirs to being with , but a lot of hungarians are still very butthurt about it . 
  basically they have a bit of a russia syndrome , they used to be way more powerful and now they 're not , which makes for a pretty frustrated society with many ultra-nationalists reminiscing about the good times . 
  unfortunately people do n't realize how much the past is being romanticized for indoctrination purposes , which is what history class is in most countries , so they think things were so much better when they used to be this big empire . 
  truth is though , for the common man it was absolute shit and things are way better now . 
  it has almost nothing to do with the eu or it being anything like the ussr , because it 's not . 
  of course ideologies like those have some truth to them , that 's how they get you . 
  the most effective lies/propaganda are usually half truths . 
  you take something true to gain people 's trusts and then add a bit of spin or lie to it , then you draw the conclusion that serves your goals . 
  the danger is that lots of people take the bait and then just trust whatever those people say . 
  it 's the guy making the claim that has to prove his position , not the guy dismissing the claim . 
  if claim a has no evidence , then claim b ( the dismissive one ) does n't need any evidence , because claim a has n't provided any itself . 
  it 's like this , i say that the earth is made out of marshmallow but provide no proof , then you come and say `` no it 's not made out of marshmallow '' , so is it you that has to prove it 's not made out of marshmallow ? 
  fucking no , i have to prove it first . 
  in this situation anyone with any knowledge of history knows the eu and the ussr are extremely different . 
  countries did n't even choose to be a part of the ussr , they were under military fucking occupation , then democracy was killed , opposition members silenced , private wealth confiscated , dictators were put in place , and voila . 
  compare it to the eu where countries joined willingly , they send elected representatives into the parliament , they can leave whenever they want and maintain their own sovereignty over lots of issues . 
  how the fuck is that the same ? 
  social norms is just that , it 's what we decide is `` normal '' , we do n't define what is natural . 
  it is natural that we are social beings , but nature does n't define morality , we do . 
  what exactly is the multi-cultural dogma ? 
  where are all these people that are pushing its agenda ? 
  maybe i am one of those people for saying that cultures can coexist ? 
  of course cultures can coexist , we 've been coexisting for tens of thousands of years . 
  the only one pushing a narrative here is you . 
  i do n't take my information off some agenda or what some journalists or politicians parrot , i form my opinion through knowledge and actually learning about the subjects we 're discussing . 
  it 's clear you know absolutely nothing of islam and why radicalization and fundamentalism are so common among muslims , you stopped thinking exactly 2 seconds in while analyzing the issue and came to the conclusion that `` islam is bad because islam '' , great analysis . 
   when non-muslims with backwards ideas voice their opinions , they 're widely criticized and ostracized from the debate by society . 
  when muslims do so , they 're given deference and respect for fear of seeming racist or exclusionary . 
  that is the multi-cultural dogma . 
  oh please , more made up stuff to push the narrative . 
  where do you get this shit from ? 
  serious question . 
  link me to some of the websites you get your information from because this is ridiculous . 
  do you have any kind of proof of this apparently widespread sociopolitic dogma that gives respect to muslims when they state backwards views ? 
  otherwise gtfo because you 're just making up strawmen that live in the mythical land of tumblr to make your point and using it to discredit people by trying to make them out to be some made up perpetuated caricatures of people . 
  there is no multi-cultural dogma and cultures can coexist very easily , it 's radicalization that is a problem . 
  yeah , like the russian people realizing they 've been getting bamboozled for the past century and that the eu is n't some evil organization , but a chance at a better life . 
  you were making an argument for why i 'm not worried as a romanian , i was making an argument that being an alarmist that fears his culture is going to `` die '' is not restricted to small population countries , at all . 
  it 's a mindset that is prevalent among nationalists all over , no matter how large the country or how powerful the culture . 
  the guy literally said the world would be better off without pakistan . 
  what the fuck do you think that means ? 
  jesus the stupidity of some people is infuriating . 
  what else plausible explanation is there ? 
  come on . 
  they you 'd also better tell him to give a fake name . 
   the independent is owned by russia and is very very heavily biased to the faaaaar left . 
  russia is more far right than far left at the moment . 
  that 's why their financing all these far right parties in europe . 
  a minority it may be , but not 20 % . 
  it 's a wrong conclusion because it only counts leave voters . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of people that have n't voted or even voted for remain that want the same thing , just in lower proportions . 
  even in the case of china ? 
  it 's one of the most obvious examples there is . 
  these countries rose in part due to fdi 's and in china 's case the correlation between the move towards a free market economy and their development is undeniable . 
  those countries became more successful as they became more open , not the other way around . 
   you think every protest should be illegal ? 
  i 'm really not surprised you believe in these conspiracy theories .
