  i 'm not going against everything historians say , i 'm going against what you say and some historians say . 
  there 's a difference . 
  all you 're doing is deferring to the authority of these so called historians that hold the `` accepted wisdom '' while doing absolutely nothing to counter the argument . 
  or maybe you just do n't understand the concept of a determinant cause . 
  what historians say is that it 's either germany that planned it , that it was unplanned but still caused by ah and germany , or that other countries have `` played a more significant role '' than traditionally suggested . 
  this shows 2 things . 
  first is that `` traditionally '' it 's been suggested that ah and germany have the lion 's share of the blame , and the second thing is that most historians agree that a lot of the blame goes to ah and germany , but some of them think the other powers deserve more blame than it was attributed to them traditionally . 
  this contradicts your claim that i 'm going against everything historians say and against accepted wisdom . 
  ok , sure , i 'll read the first few links . 
   austria-hungary declared war on serbia , russia got involved to defend serbia . 
  germany seeing russia mobilizing , declared war on russia . 
  france was then drawn in against germany and austria-hungary . 
  germany attacked france through belgium pulling britain into war . 
  surprise surprise . 
   scholars doing short-term analysis focused on summer 1914 ask if the conflict could have been stopped , or whether it was out of control . 
  the immediate causes lay in decisions made by statesmen and generals during the july crisis of 1914 . 
  this crisis was triggered by the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand of austria by an ethnic serb who had been supported by a nationalist organization in serbia . 
  [ 4 ] the crisis escalated as the conflict between austria-hungary and serbia came to involve russia , germany , france , and ultimately belgium and great britain . 
  other factors that came into play during the diplomatic crisis that preceded the war included misperceptions of intent ( e.g. , the german belief that britain would remain neutral ) , fatalism that war was inevitable , and the speed of the crisis , which was exacerbated by delays and misunderstandings in diplomatic communications . 
  pretty much what i said . 
  the fact that the causes for ww1 ca n't be summed up in a single paragraph does n't mean that the main factors were n't ah 's insistence of invading serbia and germany 's use of russia 's alliance with the serbs to go to war . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to counter-argue in a specific manner instead of giving me great arguments such as `` nuh uh '' and `` here , read all of the internet to see why you 're wrong '' . 
  what exactly of what i said is untrue ? 
  at least i gave factual information on the chain of events that lead to ww1 . 
  you were satisfied with simply saying `` b-b-but france and gb wanted it too '' . 
  great argument indeed . 
  yeah i do n't think soros is all to concerned with disproving every insane conspiracy he is accused of . 
  your post is a perfect example . 
  none of those things are his goals lol , it 's just that in the logic of white-nationalists and other far righters wanting equality means = wanting to destroy white people , encouraging diversity means = wanting to destroy white people , being against authoritarian right wing wanna-be dictators such as putin , orban etc. 
  = wanting to destroy white people . 
  you can say what you want but it was still austria-hungary that went to war with serbia over bullshit knowing full well they are allied to russia and knowing full well that germany wanted to have a reason to go to war with russia . 
  the two empires orchestrated events in such a way as for that to happen . 
  first ah gave serbia an impossible ultimatum which the serbs were mostly willing to accept despite no direct link being found between the assassin and the serb government , that of course lead to a declaration of war which triggered russia to mobilize , which gave a nice reason for germany to go to war ( which is what they wanted anyway ) . 
  saying the french and the brits wanted it just as bad has no basis , since it was n't them that triggered the chain of events and is based on `` what if 's '' . 
  i did n't say hungary was directly responsible , i was talking about austria-hungary . 
  uhm ? 
  yes you did . 
  austria-hungary was itching to wage war against serbia , just waiting for any good reason to do it . 
  germany was also itching for war , germany and ah are the most responsible for starting ww1 by far . 
  thing is it 's not a secret , soros is quite open about the values he 's trying to promote through his ngo 's . 
  it 's mostly the far left , far right , conservatives and religious nutjobs that hate him , because they use him as a scapegoat when shit they do n't like happens . 
  like when people protest for the eu or against shitty right wing politicians . 
  life in the balkans is improving though , that 's why these statistics are meaningless , they 're based on current trends and on current circumstance . 
  for example , if countries like romania and poland keep up strong growth and raise the standards of living , the mass emigration is going to soften considerably and some might even move back home . 
  it 's not necessarily true , but the principles are the same . 
  greece fucked up even worse than us , but that does n't mean we ca n't surpass them with psd at the helm , they seem to keep giving and giving . 
  it was n't a falsehood , i just got the timeline confused . 
  at the beginning of 2016 , romania had a budget surplus , at the end of 2016 it almost reached 3 % , and now it will probably surpass it . 
  i 'm sorry but your lack of knowledge of romanian politics is showing . 
  the right wing government was n't the one that came up with the vat reduction , it was already planned for the beginning of the year and introduced through the tax reforms made by ponta ( psd ) in 2015 , the ciolos government had nothing to do with it . 
  the government merely applied the law that was already in place . 
  i may have gotten my timeline mixed up , but the gist of it is exactly the same , it was the measures passed by psd that raised the deficit . 
  in the autumn of 2016 they also gave a 10 % increase to the whole public sector which further increased the deficit . 
  like i said the budget started out with a surplus at the beginning , it ended in deficit at the end of the year and it 's only going to grow , the causes for that are straight up the measures passed through parliament by psd which has controlled it for a few years now . 
   you do realise that wages are paid mostly by the private sector right ? 
  and i 'm willing to bet that it 's almost exclusively the private sector that pays minimum wage . 
  everything you said is true , but it completely misses my argument . 
  romania has gone from a budget surplus to a projected deficit of -3 % in less than a year , and that 's according to the very optimistic numbers of the government . 
  this is pretty much exclusively due to the populist measures they have already promised since last year , it 's not even taking into account the huge wage increases they 're promising for next year or the ones they 've started promising for this year since they came into power . 
  the budget deficit is going to explode in the next few years exlusively due to wage increases . 
  we 're literally borrowing money in order to pay wages . 
  that is what i 'm talking about . 
  it does n't matter that it 's mostly the private sector that is paying wages , because the reality is that we are indeed borrowing money to pay salaries . 
  the romanian economy simply ca n't handle the rate of wage growth in the public sector . 
  do i have to explain why that is bad now ? 
  it would be far better for us if wages were increased in a sustainable way that does n't completely crash our economy whenever the next crisis hits . 
  all we 're going to end up with is new austerity and slashing wages , exactly what happened in 2009 . 
  the point is that those companies still invest a lot of money in romania , they pay wages , give jobs and pay taxes at the very least indirectly . 
  fdi 's are never a bad thing . 
  that 's how countries like singapore , hong kong or south korea got to where they are today . 
  when a multinational invests 50 million euros in romania for example , that means a whole lot of jobs for construction firms , the people they directly employ , providers and other companies which are a cog in their machine . 
  the benefit for the economy is very real with or without paying taxes on profits . 
   the next economic crisis can hit tomorrow or in the next ten years . 
  the point is that it will , which is why economists advise governments to be conservative in their spending during times of boom when the economy is already doing well and wages are increasing . 
  that way when a financial crisis does hit , you have a lot more maneuvering space at your disposal and you can increase spending and cut taxes in order to stimulate the economy and recover fast , instead of having to implement painful austerity which wipes out big chunks of the gdp and wages and ruins the trust of people in the economy . 
   massive increase in deficit ? 
  we 'll have to wait and see it it breaks 3 % . 
  if it does i 'll concede the point to you . 
  even psd admits that it will go up to 3 % , but they 're rather optimistic and did n't account for all the other populists measures they have already proposed . 
  to make it clear , it was predicted that the deficit would be around 3 % , with some estimates placing it above 3 % , since last year . 
  i guarantee we 're going above 3 % next year at the latest . 
  debt is good when countries borrow money in order to invest it , debt is extremely bed when it 's accrued to pay salaries . 
  the fact that public debt is only 40 % of the gdp is irrelevant in the long term if we keep running big deficits . 
  most predict that we will surpass 4 % deficit next year . 
   public sector salaries need to go up in some way . 
  doctor , teachers , cops have very low starting salaries . 
  especially doctors which have to go trough a shitton of stuff to get there . 
  of course , everybody agrees with that , only psd supporters try to paint the other side as people that do n't want doctors and teachers to have higher wages . 
  the issue is how you go about doing that . 
  for one , the salaries of doctors and teachers have already gone up substantially in the last few years . 
  secondly , people like me want to see their salaries increased further , but we want it to be done at a sustainable rate . 
  what does sustainable mean ? 
  well , exactly what i was discussing earlier . 
  it means that salaries should n't be subsidized by increased deficit and public debt , they should instead rise at the rate of the economy . 
  another option is prioritize these two fields which i agree with it , but the romanian economy ca n't sustain raising the wages of the whole public sector by 50 % . 
  you mean taxes on profit . 
  taxes are still earned through vat and wage taxes . 
  its true though , policies like ours will inevitably end in disaster not if but when the next economic crisis hits . 
  the current hike in wages is being sustained through a massive increase in gdp deficit and borrowing . 
  that is really not good and it is the same mistake countries like greece made .
