  austerity works if you actually make the necessary reforms instead of dragging your feet for years . 
  regardless greece will get their debt haircuts , once that happens . 
  austerity was the only solution , that 's the problem . 
  you ca n't invest massively into the economy when you have no money . 
  other eu countries are unwilling to subsidize greece without reforms taking place first . 
  reforms will only happen under the guise of austerity , simply giving greece money means they will never implement reforms , and why should they ? 
  it 's a win-win for them . 
  no , they could n't have done that from the start , because at that point greece 's economy was wholly unsustainable and inflated . 
  reforms were and are needed , and if greece would have gotten the debt haircut from the very beginning , they would not have done shit about reforms later . 
  then you would 've ended up in a situation where you either go down the road we 're currently on , or the eu subsidizes the greek economy . 
  let 's face it , the the rest of the eu would 've never agreed to that . 
  the only scenario that could really work and what will probably end up happening , is the eu giving greece massive debt haircuts once the reforms are in place . 
  that way you can actually solve both of the issues . 
  unfortunately the greek government has been stalling for years , which is partly why they are still in this situation . 
  it 's fun to blame the eu or germany for everything , but things are not as simple as you seem to think . 
  as for the eu as a whole subsidizing the economies of other countries , that can only work with a real political and economical union . 
  there are opposite reasons because italy and greece pushed for refugee quotas since they ca n't handle all of them , while the rest hate the eu for imposing the quotas . 
  that 's what he meant , i 'm pretty sure . 
  so you see , everyone is unhappy for opposite reasons . 
  some people want one thing and the others want another thing and they all are unwilling to compromise . 
  although honestly in this situation italy and greece is n't in a position to compromise , it 's up to the rest of the member states to do it , but some countries wish to take absolutely no part and they are unwilling to show the tiniest bit of solidarity . 
  echr is respected by countries . 
  but that is beside the point . 
  people act like the refugee quota was a bad idea , but it was voted in by member states , yet `` eu '' is to blame right ? 
  the whole argument is ridiculous anyway . 
  people say that countries should not be forced , but if there is no solidarity , then who except germany would even want to take them in ? 
  probably nobody . 
  they would all remain in greece and italy , the two worst hit countries by the global recession . 
  how is that a solution ? 
  it is n't . 
  people just do n't want to see refugees in their backyards , they 're fine with all of them being stuck and creating too big of a burden on their neighbor states . 
  strong gdp growth = still being far far below western europe where most people emigrate . 
  the trend will only start reversing when convergence rates to the eu average approach 100 % . 
  that 's not true . 
  most people definitely do n't want poland to leave . 
  you 're thinking about a small vocal minority maybe . 
  that minority probably also wants romania , bulgaria to leave . 
  but that 's just due to xenophobia mostly . 
  let 's break down your argument . 
   dude , that 's the problem . 
  `` modern '' democracy is about lobby , money , etc not the people who should be in center of the system ; first you say that modern democracy is not about the people , implying there 's an older version of democracy that was closer to that ideal . 
  this is n't really an argument , it 's populism . 
  can you point me to that magical time when lobby and money did n't play a part in politics ? 
  in fact i would argue that until recently people had even less power , since less than 100 years ago half the population could n't even vote . 
  go back even further and you 'll see that only a quarter or less of the population could vote . 
  was that democracy more real somehow ? 
  how exactly is modern democracy `` worse '' . 
  not to mention the fact that equality of citizens in front of the law and the rule of law have been leading principles of democracy since the french revolution . 
  you seem to be under the impression that those principles have eroded over time , when in fact they got more strengthened in time . 
  only in the last few decades have those principles started to exist closer to their meaning , instead of meaning `` equality for all citizens , except ... gay 's , women , jews , gypsies , peasants '' and so on . 
  your second argument , i 'm not even sure what it is supposed to accomplish . 
  you 're nitpicking over the fact that there 's more principles than the ones i listed , which only supports my initial argument that democracy is more than just elections . 
  so thanks ? 
  not to mention that your argument is based on an appeal to authority , which is laughable in itself , because you 're basically arguing that the authority prof. bianca gu\u021ban is somehow more relevant than that of larry diamond , a leading political scientist that teaches at stanford university . 
  as for your 2 ` nd post . 
  i 'll translate for the lazy . 
  the guy thinks he won the argument because i have n't replied to his reddit post in under an hour . 
  you seriously sound insane . 
  people have lives . 
  people have better shit to do than to immediately respond to your irrational drivel . 
  show a little patience , maybe you 'll end up learning something . 
  according to political scientist larry diamond , democracy consists of four key elements : ( a ) a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections ; ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life ; ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  [ 4 ] so no , not just me . 
  modern democracy is more than just elections . 
  equality in front of the law and the rule of law are seen as pillars of democracy . 
  democracy is more than what some people , even a majority , believe . 
  in democracy it is vital that the rights of minorities are upheld and citizens are equal , otherwise you quickly slide into a tyranny of the majority, 
  there arent good arguments for why those things are bad for society . 
  plenty of arguments for why they are actually good . 
  plus you always have to consider the rights of an individual vs general interest . 
  if you are strongly limiting a right of an individual , the reason better be good . 
  moral religious reasons are definitely not good , since in democracies there exists this thing called freedom of religion , so restricting the rights of minorities because your religion says so is quite medieval . 
  no , it was only due to racism . 
  much better . 
  so just ngo 's . 
  got it . 
  so what are the evil actions of these ngo 's , do you even have any idea or are you just repeating non-sense you read elsewhere ? 
  most of them are just fighting for democracy and free press . 
  it 's a non-argument because it implies an impossible solution : africa should n't develop at all , green energy or not . 
  so unless you 're proposing we forcefully keep africa pre-industrialized just so we can pollute more than our share , than yes , it is a non-argument . 
  the current rapid climate change is due to the massive amounts of pollution from the rest of the world . 
  climate change will not stop unless the developed world cuts its emissions back considerably . 
  so the problem is n't africa installing solar panels , it 's us . 
  in absolute terms africa will add to emissions , but the only real world solution is for everyone to only pollute their fair share . 
  any human activity causes pollution . 
  simply existing causes pollution . 
  it 's a non-argument . 
  there 's plenty of things to worry about , but that is not a good reason to keep africa underdeveloped and poor as fuck . 
  with the knowledge and technology we have today , africa can do it better than the west or asia did when they themselves industrialized . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  i guess that is one advantage of developing later . 
  you can skip a few steps . 
  the advantage today is that green technology is advanced enough so countries can invest directly into that instead of going through the regular phase of coal power and then green energy . 
  and you know , africa does have a shitload of sunlight . 
  solar panels would work great there . 
  i was n't going for perfect accuracy in a single sentence . 
  it 's not like the nazis were full on socialist , but they did have plenty of social programs . 
  the point is that the far right does n't mean free reign capitalism , it 's associated with other elements which distinguish it from most other ideologies . 
  far right has shit all to do with economic policies . 
  the nazis were far right , yet they were very keen on implementing social programs for the native germans , in fact , their very name should clue you in , national socialism .
