  reality is that countries have different interests and values , and authoritarian style leaders have their own personal interests as well , cooperation does n't last with so many conflicting desires . 
  the unpredictability is what drives people anxious , giving power to demagogues is usually a bad idea and trump definitely is one . 
  no , because romania was working for even less than that 20 years ago . 
  you 're not getting it do you . 
  a country like romania ca n't go from being the 2 ` nd poorest in europe ( not eu ) to levels of prosperity that the west has known for decades . 
  it 's a slow progress that takes decades , and thanks to the eu and nato we are on that path . 
  the real failure is people not understanding these elementary things and expecting to live like the westerners in 5 years time and if that does n't happen , electing populists that only ruin progress . 
  the kind of populism that leads to authoritarian-nationalists rising to power , yes , the kind of populism that led to the new deal in america , no . 
  not all populism is bad , but this new brand is based on demagoguery and vilification of elites , intellectuals , minorities and so on . 
  we 've seen it all before . 
  you know what else is ironic ? 
  the fact that he talks about the wrong side of history while implying that if the rest of us do n't comply force will be used . 
  oh come on , people do n't go around killing others because of a nutjob on a talk show . 
  it 's better to get shit like this in the open rather than let it fester . 
  it gives people delicious reasons to scaremonger with . 
  it 's nothing that bad , what it realistically means is that china will have more leverage over european countries through their companies and investments , they are n't `` buying '' europe , they 're just consolidating their influence on the world stage . 
  it 's not like they can just do whatever they want in europe because they invested some billions of dollars . 
  in the end it 's good for the population , because it means more jobs , better infrastructure , higher pay etc. 
  manufacturing probably rose because the ruble has went down the shitter , thus making their exports more competitive . 
  however , that comes with the cost of making the population even poorer than they were . 
  as opposed to being dependent on their measly defense budget ? 
  if you 're a small country , you ally yourself with big ones , otherwise you get steamrolled . 
  it 's not my fault you have n't noticed the obvious anti-globalization theme and the jobs being lost to eastern europe surrounding the brexit movement . 
  certain regions that favored the brexit heavily seem to think that , not me . 
  the views of most of the planet towards jews are pretty unfriendly . 
  using that as a basis for your estimation that 50 % support isis is retarded . 
  anyone that is perceived to be against the `` will of the people '' fighting the big bad elites pushing globalization is an enemy of the nation that wants to destroy their culture . 
  and by culture i mean their divorced from reality idea of a conservative and isolationist utopia where all the jobs that left are gon na come back once the uk `` stops globalization '' . 
  you do realize syria is n't palestina right ? 
  the contexts are completely different . 
  50 % support isis ? 
  you must be nuts . 
  many of those people had to flee their homes because of them . 
  this is the shit that is fueling the alt-right . 
  that 's because you operate under the false assumption that the ignorant rabble will take less bad decisions than the self-interested clique . 
  that is simply not true , because said clique has an interest in maintaining some form of stability in order to continue existing , while the ignorant mob can much more easily take catastrophic decisions out of pure lack of knowledge about the economy and politics . 
  the prohibition would like to have a word with you . 
   blacks are n't discriminated against , they commit more crime . 
  they also get stopped by the police more often , get searched more often , get harsher sentences for similar crimes when compared to white people and so on . 
  then again i 'm talking to someone with the username `` clintoncrusher2016 '' so i should n't be too surprised . 
  trump is more alt-right than palin is , she 's just an overly-zealous religious conservative , while trump is one of the figureheads of the alt-right movement , and as we can all see , he is pretty okay with russia and so are many of his supporters . 
  also , the alt-right in europe definitely does not hate the russians , le pen for example would end the sanctions against russia immediately . 
  yup . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  whomever still does n't know/believe that russia is waging an information war against the eu and the usa needs to get informed . 
  it 's very obvious by now what the pattern is . 
  they sponsor and help alt-right parties and media outlets in order to sow discord and change the course of politics , and it 's working . 
  of course , this would n't be possible without the mass amounts of uninformed people that quickly swallow the putin style populist-nationalist pill , but that does n't diminish what russia is doing . 
   cleared the country of thieves lol . 
  that 's just a myth . 
  the romanian lands were always dysfunctional as hell . 
  lol . 
  funniest joke in this topic . 
  you 'd rather have the likes of farage , corbyn and cameron ? 
  bitch please . 
  one is a populist , the other is a guy that wants to get rid of nato and the last one is pretty much 90 % responsible for the fuck up that was brexit . 
  what a smart ass . 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  he did n't want to kill everyone east of germany lol . 
  stalin also did n't just kill those who disagreed with his regime , he killed millions many of which did n't even know what the fuck his regime is . 
  you 're not even trying to seem fair . 
  yeah , stalin was much better than hitler , at least when be caused the deaths of millions he didnt give a fuck if they were jews or not . 
  seriously , that is his best defense . 
  hitler was crazy , stalin was a psychopath . 
  it still seem to me like people predictably chose the nutter populists over less than perfect establishment politicians for very weak reasons . 
  the fact that they managed to storm the crisis so well should 've given them some bonus points , yet because the results were n't perfect people decided to flip the table . 
  did n't seem that poor to me , poland was very successful for a few years . 
  maybe it 's a problem of people 's expectations increasing faster than the economy can . 
  i dunno , i literally have no idea why poland , a country that was doing so well as recently as 2 years ago , a country unaffected by the economic crisis ( no contraction ) , the poster boy of the eu 's success , would vote for nationalist-populist idiots . 
  i can only imagine it has something to do with the scaremongering caused by the refugee crisis and the terror attacks . 
  it 's like your country threw ration out the window , like oh shit there were a few terror attacks in france , better elect crazy nationalists to protect us . 
  how many times are you going to prove your lack of logic ? 
  it 's the 4 ` th time you 've said that it 's not the fault of the people that actually support those parties , but other people `` driving '' them to those parties . 
  it 's like saying it 's not the fault of the person that cheats in a relationship , but the fault of the other person because they `` pushed '' them into their arms . 
  re-tar-ded . 
  what a nice way to have your shitty views validated while also taking absolutely no responsibility for the consequences . 
  `` sure i supported these dangerous demagogues , but it was never my fault , it 's everyone else 's fault '' . 
  dude , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  you have repeated 3 times already that the rise of those `` protest '' parties which the quote refers to is n't the fault of the people actually supporting them , but the fault of others for not `` listening '' . 
  how can you not see the irony of that in the context of accusing me of blaming others for my own attitude is mind-boggling . 
  are you saying the far right are in any way reasonable ? 
  get out of here . 
  not wanting to agree with fascists is n't the cause for fascism , lack of education , ignorance and racism are a cause of fascism . 
  and that 's exactly what you 're doing by the way , you 're blaming others for the rise of the far right , except for the people that actually support the far right . 
  it 's mind-boggling . 
  do n't you find it ironic that you blame people going for the far right on others being `` mean '' to them , you know , blaming it on others ? 
  and then you lecture me of blaming everyone else instead of looking at my own attitude . 
  lol . 
  seriously , go take a logic course or something , because your logic is wack . 
  you 're saying that it is justified to be a far right moron because people downvote you on reddit or dismiss your opinions . 
  / facepalm, 
  are you sure you are n't talking about yourself mate ? 
  you see what you want to see and then you come up with these strawmen of people calling others xenophobes for disagreeing with them . 
  i do n't have to read anything to know that is a strawman , because i have seen your argument numerous times on reddit already . 
  you 're arguing based on logical fallacies and that 's why you 're getting downvoted . 
  accept it and move on , or - continue arguing with me endlessly to support your view , no matter what reality might be - . 
  yes , arguing based on logical fallacies usually begets downvotes . 
  a strawman is what you did here :  by totalitarian , i refer to the view that 's preached even here that the status quo is king , criticism is wrong ( and should be silenced , or downvoted out if visibility ) , that there is a singular progressive path that europe must take and any question or deviation must be shouted down or outright ignored , and that there is only a polarized reality : you either love the way europe is going and the way it does things at the moment , or you are a xenophobe/nationalist/transgressive / backwards looking/illiberal/fascist who hates freedom and good things . 
  which is simply no consistent with reality , but a strawman made up by you to justify your position . 
  nobody is calling others xenophobes or whatever because they disagree with them , they call them like that when they speak/act like xenophobes .
