  this panicky mentality is seriously holding us back using shit like coal that destroys our atmosphere and kills way more people ( it 's also radioactive ) while we have the potential of nuclear unused . 
  it 's the same thing with air plane statistics , the chances of dying are very low but people fear flying way more on average than riding in a car , even though the probability of dying in a car crash is many many times higher . 
  it 's another example of people not understanding statistics and thinking they 're somehow more like to die on an airplane because the crashes are bigger and way more sensational when they happen . 
  it 's just another logical fallacy in which people follow their fear instincts more than their ration and logic . 
  guess what , it 's the same thing regarding terrorist attacks , the exact same phenomenon like irrationally fearing an airplane ride more than a car ride even though your chances on any given day of dying in an accident are way smaller in the plane simply because plane accidents happen so much more rarely than car accidents . 
   and you ca n't use `` probability '' in practical life : how is this an example of not using probability ? 
  we use condoms when having sex for the precise reason that it 's way less probable to conceive a baby than if we were n't using them . 
  the fact that you prepare for the worst does n't mean you 're not `` using '' probability , and the chances of getting pregnant when using condoms is about 10 % per year so it 's orders of magnitude higher than car accidents or terrorist attacks , it happens all the time , of course people prepare for it . 
  do terror attacks happen all the time ? 
  they do n't . 
  too bad through all of your long ass shit post you never thought of the fact that if 200 people per year out of the 550 million in the eu die every year to terrorist attacks , no matter how you put it the chances of any random citizen in the eu to die are way way bellow 0.00 xx percent , while the chance of any one random person to die in a car crash is statistically much higher because of the way higher number of accidents and deaths . 
  you 're right only in the sense that i ca n't calculate your individual odds with a very high precision without knowing all the facts about your life , but we can calculate the chance of any one random person to be hurt in a terrorist attack . 
  we make statistics like this all the time , you hear about stats that say you have a `` 25 % chance to die of cancer '' or some small chance of dying of lightning strikes , which simply means that 's the average chance across the whole population , not that you personally have a 25 % chance of dying of cancer . 
  being at the exact same time and place and in close proximity to a terrorist attack that on average happens very rarely in the first place really is like drawing the shortest stick out of a swimming pool of sticks no matter how you put it . 
  passive support of the community ? 
  as in , people not organizing witch hunts against terrorists so they might find them before the secret service does ? 
  or were they running around telling people of their glorious plan while people nodded along encouraging them ? 
  or are you accusing the passive discrimination they were receiving that made them more susceptible to recruitment ( i joke ) ? 
  in any case , passive support or not , whatever it may mean , does n't change the fact that you blew it out of proportion way more than it was necessary to make your point by stating that it 's `` filled to the brim '' with murderers and you know it . 
  i do n't see people getting murdered left and right around there . 
  these kind of hyperboles are better saved for far right propaganda than what should be an open discussion on reddit . 
  filled to the brim implies that there 's some large number of murderers running around there when all the data we have points to the fact that this was an operation conducted by a small group of extremists . 
  i do n't understand the concept of probability ? 
  if 50 people die out of a million to terrorist attacks and 500 out of a million die of car accidents in which way are you more likely to die mister math genius ? 
  / facepalm how is it not obvious to you that the chances of dying in a terror attack are extremely small ? 
  if only 200 people died in europe because of it in one year , how the fuck do you think the chances are higher than dying in a car crash ? 
  are you seriously asking if we can determine the percent of people that die in terrorist attacks and accidents and calculate the odds ? 
  it 's simple freaking math , in europe we have these things called censuses that determine the amount of population in cities , countries , the continent etc. 
  then we also calculate the number of people that day per day/month/year in accidents , terror attacks and all that good stuff , we 're meticulous like that and we like numbers . 
  after that it 's simple math . 
  here , you can even find these statistics online . 
  today you learn . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_france here , there 's even one comparing accidents with terrorist attacks . 
  implying that there 's some majority of muslims that wan na kill europeans . 
  filled to the brim . 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  yeah , we just did n't really get a lot of immigrants because we 're poor and never had colonies and shit . 
  we 're racist as fuck towards gypsies though , those we have . 
  yeah , kids are getting brainwashed , no more and no less , these people pray on the whole `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  if every time you go to the metro you 're thinking whether you 'll live or die then your fear sensors might be going seriously overboard . 
  the actual risk is extremely small , you 're probably ( surely ) more likely to die in an accident on your way to the metro station . 
  i think the point is that culture incompatibility does n't really explain terrorism , since it 's often way more common in culturally similar areas than in western europe . 
  i agree with this , i do n't think cultural clash is the problem , i think the state of the middle east is the problem and it produces a backwards culture as a side-effect . 
  people might `` feel unsafe '' like you pointed out , but that does n't change reality for fucks sake , western europe is pretty much one of the safest places on earth by a long shot and if you feel like your life 's in danger when you go out of the house , the problem might just be with you and your fear sensors going overboard . 
  haha yeah . 
  same with romania . 
  it 's totally safe here guys , come along and bring your money with you . 
  it 's totally shit to say europe is unsafe anyway , since you might as well be saying that nowhere is safe like you pointed out . 
  because when you say shit like `` europe '' is not safe , obviously you 're comparing it to other places , since it 's absolutely asinine to point out an entire continent in unsafe even though it 's pretty much the safest continent in the world . 
  at that point you might as well just say the whole world in unsafe , which may be true , but when was it ever safe and why the fuck does it have to be pointed out ? 
  it 's certainly safer now than 50 years ago or 100 years ago . 
   i am in the city that got attacked a few days ago so do n't lecture me on not knowing what the hell is going on . 
  you 're the blind one here . 
  yeah . 
  this is called being biased as fuck . 
  as in , totally not objective and rather led by emotion in your statements . 
  how many people die in brussels * every day * out of preventable accidents or disease ? 
  wan na bet it 's higher than the number killed in terrorist attacks ? 
  except the number of preventable deaths is still going down every year in europe so you do n't really have a point either . 
  how much do you think 200 dead in terrorist attacks over a year is going to change how safe or unsafe europe is ? 
  it 's a drop in the bucket . 
  they are and they 're not . 
  you ca n't totally stop them , if someone really wants to hurt you they will find a way eventually , but some of them might have been stopped if our security agencies did their job better . 
  the point people are trying to make though is that we should n't go overboard with fear and paranoia and accept restrictions of our rights and freedoms based on an over sensationalized fear . 
  i 'll just get downvoted again but fuck it . 
  racism and xenophobia have always been big in western europe , but nobody seems to want to acknowledge it . 
  especially nowadays when everyone 's like `` fuck muslims '' . 
  when nazi germany started to talk about getting rid of their jew problem nobody really had a problem with it , a lot of france was just as anti-semitic , so was the usa , they only started to have a problem with germany when they started to fuck with everyone . 
  anyone that has studied some history knows this , but today it 's all about `` us vs them '' so you 're seen like some european hating sjw if you dare mention that the problems of today might stem from ourselves as well . 
  romania has a pretty big muslim population in the south east , but they are very well integrated . 
  they get along fine with the native population and vice versa . 
  lol . 
  it has nothing to do with that . 
  simply put , nobody really wanted to move to hungary , everyone wanted to move to we . 
  it is the same , people go to western europe for better wages , usually because they ca n't really cut it at home . 
  it 's inevitable really , you ca n't force people to stay in your country if they can earn much more abroad . 
  the goal should be to raise living standards enough so that eventually people wo n't feel the need to leave , some might even come back . 
   which makes me wonder , why do so many leave ? 
  because they are transition times . 
  the goal is convergence with western europe , but poland is n't there yet and it was way further behind even only 10 years ago . 
  during those times a lot of people , especially uneducated ones without many opportunities in their home countries leave to be able to sustain their families . 
  unfortunately in pretty much all of the formed bloc a lot of small cities and villages have become ghost towns when it comes to jobs and people . 
  the same has happened in romania , but less people are starting to leave now that things are improving . 
  poland did get a lot better , it has experienced very solid growth for quite some time now , even during the recession . 
  from what i understand living conditions in the big cities are pretty similar to others in western europe . 
  how does it sound like romania ? 
  our public debt is pretty small , the banking sector has made record profits in 2015 , the job market is pretty stable with low unemployment , there 's no surge of populist parties of any kind and no migrants . 
   considering that the abysmal unemployment situation has n't improved i 'm pretty sure it did , just not at the rate people hoped . 
  corruption probably plays a huge role . 
  italy is one of the most corrupt countries in the eu . 
   the magyars conquered much of central europe at the end of the 9th century . 
  according to gesta hungarorum , transylvania was ruled by vlach voivode gelou before the hungarians arrived . 
  the kingdom of hungary established a partial control over transylvania in 1003 , when king stephen i , according to legend , defeated the prince named gyula . 
  you took it from the ancestors of romanians way before romania as a country existed , but that does n't mean it somehow belongs to you , even in the height of your empire you were still a minority in transylvania . 
   the ethnic romanian majority in transylvania elected representatives , who then proclaimed union with romania on december 1 , 1918 . 
  the proclamation of union of alba iulia was adopted by the deputies of the romanians from transylvania , and supported one month later by the vote of the deputies of the saxons from transylvania . 
  in 1920 , the treaty of trianon as a result of the war , established a new border between romania and hungary , leaving the whole of transylvania within the romanian state  hungary protested against the new borders , as over 1,600,000 hungarian people and representing ** 31.6 % ** of the transylvanian population and that 's after hungary tried really really hard to make sure that would n't be true anymore . 
  not if it did n't really belong to you in the first place . 
  he did n't do that by forced secularization , he improved turkey on a lot of levels , like making the society more equal and open , bringing capitalism to turkey , opining up politics and allowing democratic institutions to function and so on . 
  you ca n't just force an ideology on a culture , you have to change the underlying things that cause certain cultures to be in certain ways .
