  it 's laughable . 
  what the guy said is perfectly right , people are using immigrants as scapegoats here in eastern europe , we are in no danger from them whatsoever , while our countries growth is strangled by the corruption of our politicians . 
  they use populist rhetoric like this to make people think refugees are our biggest problem , even tho we have none of them and none want to come here , while they steal hundreds of millions from us behind our backs . 
  you just do n't understand the realities of eastern european countries like ours , you guys do n't really have problems so you found this one with the refugees to be your main one , but eastern european countries have a shitload of very real problems which are n't in any way related to migrants and are much more important for our well-being . 
  to clarify , i 'm not saying you guys literally have no problems , i 'm just saying that life in the west is really good and you people have it very well compared to almost all of the world , while in eastern europe we suffer from shit wages , mass poverty , shit education and healthcare systems , shit social services , extremely corrupt politicians , shit infrastructure and so on , the difference between the west and the east is huge and it can be seen immediately before you even get off the airplane . 
  it 's not , but , a lot of them will be denied , or they will leave when they see it 's not all free money and love . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure they will pass stricter laws in the following year . 
   politicians are shit-tier that 's why they 're one of the strongest economies in the world right ? 
  germany has done a lot of things right . 
  just because you do n't agree with the refugee policy does n't mean their politicians are shit-tier , orban is way more shit-tier and yet people are clapping along to him because they like his position on this one issue . 
  rapes happen all the time on a continent as big as europe , just because when blacks do it 's immediately reported and shown as some kind of example does n't mean it 's always black people doing the raping , it 's just media bias . 
  if a few white boys raped a girl it would n't even make it in the local news . 
  yet of course some people ca n't help but to make it about race , like this somehow proves their point . 
  i mean there 's plenty of rapes going on in my country but you do n't hear about it now do you . 
  the same in germany , austria , czech republic , portugal etc. 
  yeah , refugees do n't really wan na go to estonia or to the czech republic and they wo n't . 
  the other point is that people are fucking retarded and are scared of things that will never actually affect them in any way just because certain parties and interest groups have reasons to drum up the fear to win votes and influence . 
  sadly it has worked very well . 
  i mean really , refugees are our biggest problem now ? 
  how about shit like corruption or isis ? 
  the people that use the refugees as scapegoats to win votes are way more dangerous than the refugees themselves . 
  which is probably better than getting a lump sum anyway . 
  a lot of people are stupid with money and will just end up spending it in a year on a new car or just buying all kinds of stuff . 
  then they have another mouth to feed but no more money . 
  i do n't think it 's very smart to pay a lump sum , but hey it sounds better to give 32k once than 1.5 k per year or whatever . 
  it 's just one big stinking populist shit measure , they could have thought out the system way better than paying a lump sum . 
  nk 's nukes ca n't even reach sweden . 
  they 're also pretty weak , as far as nukes go anyway . 
  even in case of a nuclear attack , the damage would not be that big . 
  yea , i 'm sure many people in germany are driven to suicide because of their `` non-pc '' opinions . 
  dramatizing much ? 
  getting a dirty look from people for your opinions does not equal living in russia and speaking against putin . 
  yeah but if you start producing massive quantities of salmon to replace oil , then the prices will just plummet as there will be an oversupply , just like in the case of oil . 
  salmon is expensive now precisely because of limited supply . 
  i 'm not saying that investing in fishing is bad , i 'm just saying that it ca n't be expected to ensure your future or replace oil as it just brings too little added value . 
  it wo n't . 
  lol . 
  it 's better to go for the high value industries such as engineering or it , not fishing and agriculture . 
  or maybe you should just start building robots and compete with japan . 
  i still prefer my country to suck the dick of the eu and actually see some improvement , rather than be led by the usual assholes that would have nobody to answer to if not for the eu . 
  romania has actually made a lot of improvements thanks to the eu both socially and economically and a lot of people are pro eu because of this . 
  most of us do n't even give a shit even if we are just a useless peon in the eu , because it 's still so much better than being led by our very own thieving , corrupt , incompetent , evil and retarded leaders . 
  with the eu in place we 're actually getting some infrastructure off the ground , we 've started fighting corruption , people have been able to access funds to build their companies , most of consumer friendly laws come from eu directives etc. 
  these are all real and tangible things for most of us , while values like being all independent and sovereign are just words in the wind when you know you 're being led by literally thieves . 
  yeah , which is way more legit than criticizing them for being plumbers takin our jerbs ' . 
  but whatever , people like to cry when others do n't approve of their dumb choices , just like when greece voted for syriza . 
  it 's like this , people make their choice , the choice is obviously horrible but muh nationalism and oppression , then the same people that voted in those parties cry that foreign interests are undermining their countries well-being because of their democracy . 
  it 's laughable . 
  yeah , in eastern europe rape just simply happens in all our backwards villages and cities , it 's much better . 
  it 's nice to know that at least in some respects we are united . 
  although i 'm sure there 's plenty of short-sighted people that are against funding space programs . 
  cute . 
  the guy was just joking that your period is late , as in your menstrual-cycle , because you 're already pregnant . 
  probably not so funny now that i explained it . 
  haha . 
  you 've done a good job explaining your position and i agree with you . 
  it 's frustrating that a lot of people ca n't get past their visceral reactions on the issue of immigrants and analyze what truly threatens europe . 
  people think bombs are our biggest threats or radical islam , but like usual for the past 200 years of european history , the biggest threat comes from ourselves , not from the outside . 
  i mean , come on people , when exactly was it ever a good idea to hand over power to a group of highly nationalistic and authoritarian individuals ? 
  problems can be solved without going to extremes , otherwise you risk creating much bigger problems . 
  well then , you may be more than just introverted . 
  higher population density probably plays a part . 
  it 's not the last 20 years , as i said from my first post russia was always plagued by these problems , not just today or 20 years ago . 
  people are n't so optimistic because that change has failed time and time again to occur up until now . 
  i agree that russia has a lot of potential , but saying it 's easy to reform the country is very naive and shows a lack of understanding , it 's hard to break out of vicious circles like the one russia is in . 
  such changes usually occur during critical times in history which only come so often and it has to be backed by a strong civic movement and some luck too . 
  often in countries with systems such as russia has , oppressive regimes are usually replaced by other oppressive regimes , either through popular revolt that is subverted by power hungry elites or through military coups or political ones that replace the ruling elite with new ones that continue with business as usual , figures change , the system remains in place . 
  like i said i hope they will reform , but it 's not easy as you claim it is , proof is the fact that it has failed to happen as of yet and it does n't look like it will in the near future either . 
  the problem is not putin , it 's the system , replacing a man is easy , replacing a deeply ingrained system is not . 
   and even today , russia still exerts massive geopolitical influence . 
  russia is definitely not a 2nd rate pow i 'd argue that hardly matters , military might can be achieved by countries such as russia that use their authoritarian regimes to pump resources into their military , but ultimately the goal should be the well-being of its citizens , all of them , not just the small elite . 
  russia is n't gaining much through it 's military superiority as of now , it is only bringing more hard-ship upon its people . 
  ussr was much mightier than russia in a military sense , and yet they failed so hard because they could n't reform , the same thing is going to happen again until those reforms actually happen . 
  i understand what you were trying to say , you 're confident that russia will eventually snap out of it , but that can be 10 years or 500 years , or never . 
  there 's plenty of examples in history . 
  i really hope they do , but currently it does not look that way , so i do n't know what makes you so optimistic . 
  what exactly are you seeing that the rest of us are n't beg pardon . 
  i did pay attention , i see an authoritarian government led by putin just like all the others that came before in russia 's history . 
  no real political reform and no real economical reform was done , politics is done by silencing political opponents and the economy is still highly dependent on oil from which a small elite profit massive amounts , while the average citizen suffers . 
  of course , all of it is blamed on external forces . 
  russia has always been a shithole and will always be one for most people except the few ruling elites that end up governing the nation with an iron fist and human abuse at every corner . 
  peter the great was also part of this pattern and life has always been hard for most russians thanks to their power drunk authoritarian leaders . 
  there can never be true and lasting prosperity in russia because of the highly authoritarian and exclusive political and economical institutions they have , unless they actually manage to reform their country somehow . 
  just wait until fn has power . 
  it 's going to be oh so fun to see the reemergence of the police state . 
  no but people are choosing to make a decision that might significantly alter the course of europe , all for the sake of spiting other parties ? 
  please . 
  things can be changed in a lot of ways , but voting a party like fn in power is n't such a good option , because they tend to have an iron grip and a way of fucking things up very quickly . 
  people really have learned nothing from history if they end up in power . 
  extremist movements arise because of different social frustrations , then things explode when out of fear , hunger , greed or other emotions generated by our reptilian brain we tend to overreact and swing wildly towards extremes , knocking over the brick tower in the process . 
  yeah and you 're falling for the bulllshit rhetoric of their supporters that they 're being unfairly persecuted despite their reasonable views . 
  their views are in a nutshell a throwback to `` great '' european values of the last century like isolationism and authoritarian governments . 
  fn 's final objective is to exit the eu and make an alliance with russia . 
  that will turn out so fine i 'm sure . 
  far right does n't have to mean literally hitler . 
  i would n't put some of the parties being supported in the same sentence with the word democracy . 
  a lot of these parties have roots in highly nationalistic and totalitarian ideologies . 
  pretty sure a lot of their members still blame the jews for everything . 
  my point is that people should be more careful who they support , they want a change , that 's fair , but be careful at the costs of getting what you want , i guess . 
  people need to be more rational and less emotional , on both sides .
