  currently people are fleeing because they are desperate enough , you seem to believe that they the situation will suck just as much in 2050 , for which there is really no basis for . 
  much of africa has been rapidly developing for a while now . 
  most people do n't actually want to leave their homes , believe it or not . 
  and even in the case of syria , most refugees have stopped in the neighboring countries . 
  turkey hosts more of them that the whole of europe . 
  it 's really no surprise you fear the future so much when you actually believe a billion africans will come trampling in europe . 
  like your whole argument is that we should change our constitution because of some future fear based on super-serious-predictions \u2122 . 
  it 's not very hard for them to understand , it 's just that they would rather have those people die than receive them in their countries . 
  pretty simple . 
  ironically they do n't realize they 're not much better than the islamists they fear . 
  the common characteristic seems to be a total lack of empathy and understanding of others . 
  seems to me like you define culture as `` white european '' . 
  that 's not what culture is . 
  our modern culture is very much based on the idea of human rights and democracy . 
  you 're thinking way too much if terms of ethnicity and way too little in terms of actual values that have brought us in the 21 ` st century . 
  in any case you 're being over dramatic , germans wo n't somehow disappear because of the refugee convention . 
  yeah , or tens of millions during ww2 . 
  the guy you are responding to was taking about the landscapes in romania , not cluj . 
  plus , the city itself is a good starting place for a vacation in romania , since it 's in the middle of transylvania and worth checking out for a day at least . 
  i doubt the far left looks up to russia nowadays . 
  inequality there is now greater than in the us and any western country . 
  i mean , exactly , world leaders ca n't act like reddit users locking themselves up in their echochambers , they need to actually cooperate , discuss , negotiate with each other . 
  i too approved when our president met trump . 
  i sure hope not . 
  most we can claim is moldova , since there is an actual romanian majority there , but they do n't even want us so ... 
  it 's exactly the same in romania , yet , i have this feeling that handing over the judiciary to the ruling party might just make things so much worse . 
  glad you 're so optimistic about it though . 
  _ just kidding , it 's not just a feeling that it might makes things worse , it 's guaranteed . _, 
   remember that both our big parties took part in the sabotage of the const . 
  court . 
  why both ? 
  who profits ? 
  i do n't know what the others did but i did n't hear about a constitutional crisis before pis came to power . 
  who profits ? 
  the politicians , certainly not the people . 
  you may think this is a good thing , but i seriously doubt it . 
  if poland is anything like romania , and i 'm sure we 're not that far off from each other , then i 'm 100 % sure it 's going to be a very bad thing for you guys . 
  our politicians also ca n't wait to put their hands on the judiciary , fortunately the people are very against this . 
  imo , even if the judiciary is as corrupt as you claim , i still think it 's miles better for power to be divided , rather than handed over completely to the ruling party . 
  in the first case you have classic corruption , in the second , you open the road to much worse things . 
  and yes , there are things way worse than corruption in the judiciary . 
  if they wan na amend the constitution in order to remove the independence of the judiciary , they can do so , since that is in the power of the legislative , and then it will be legal , even if i think it 's extremely toxic . 
  but they are n't going to do that are they ? 
  what they 're doing is disregarding the constitution and making sure nobody can stop them by neutering the constitutional court , which is already very illegal and more akin to a dictatorship than a democracy . 
  if that does n't tip you off that it 's nothing but a power grab , what does ? 
  your position at this point seems to be that in order to prevent abuses from certain judges , it 's ok for pis to disregard the constitution , neuter the constitutional court and take control of the judiciary . 
  i just do n't understand how you can see that as something positive , when it is obviously illegal , abusive and will only make sure your countries judiciary is going to be politically controlled , which will mean the death of the rule of law . 
  it seems like democracy in poland is heading towards death by populism . 
  and as a side note , i ca n't even wrap my head around the concept of trusting politicians more than professional magistrates . 
  especially politicians that are so easily willing to break the constitutional order . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  taking political control of the judiciary is not an upgrade . 
  it 's change alright , but not the good kind . 
  we keep coming back to the same thing . 
  yes , there must be oversight and there is oversight , the crux of the issue is that the oversight should n't be done by politicians , because that 's a sure fire way to ensure the politicization of the judiciary and kill its independence from the legislative and executive . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  a non-independent judiciary that is controlled by politicians is sure enough just another branch of government that the winning political party controls , ensuring there are no more checks and balances . 
  i just really do n't see how that is preferable to the occasional fuck ups of professional judges , which , i bet are way more rare than you seem to believe and inevitable in any judicial system . 
  if you really want to improve something , improve the oversight , but do n't give it to politicians , lest you want to rid yourself of democracy . 
  who would you want to train them ? 
  they get trained to do their jobs by other professionals in the field . 
  do you want politicians to train future judges ? 
  farmers ? 
  engineers ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   should they be declared superior in matters relating to the law ? 
  that 's what all the hard work and training is for . 
   where are the checks and balances here ? 
  institutions similar to the csm . 
  if you do n't trust professional magistrates to do their jobs , which is to apply the law , but you 're willing to trust pis with all three branches of the state , then you have a major problem . 
  the legislative can exert control over the judiciary by changing laws . 
  if for example they deem that court cases take too long , they have the option to simplify procedures , introduce shorter terms , hire more magistrates and so on . 
  infringing on their independence however is unconstitutional , which is where the constitutional court should step in . 
  the constitutional court is the last check in any democracy , that 's why it was a huge deal when pis neutralized them . 
  well maybe pis has found a better way to organize the state than most democratic countries , a new political philosophy . 
  let me just doubt that for a second ... one other thing i want to say is that magistrates are professionally trained in order to apply the law . 
  i do n't know how they train them in poland , but in romania becoming a judge is very hard and competition is very high , you do about 7 years of school and practice before you become one definitively . 
  politicians have other objectives entirely . 
  it is a theory that modern states are founded on . 
  independence is never complete independence , and legislative and executive are very intertwined in most countries . 
  however , the parliament ca n't put in action the laws they pass , and the executive ca n't pass laws without them later being approved by parliament . 
  it works as a system of checks and balances . 
  still now that i think about it , makes sense why pis has blocked the constitutional court . 
  parliament can pass laws which alter the judicial system , which is how they exert control over it , but i 'm 99 % sure that in poland 's constitution it says that judges are independent , which is where the constitutional court would have stepped in had the legislative tried to pass laws that infringe on that provision . 
  i guess they have a clear path ahead of them now then . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are you asking me to teach you civic education ? 
  there are three branches of power in a state . 
  the legsilative , the executive and the judiciary . 
  the judiciary oversees the first two , which obviously ca n't happen if they are controlled by the first two , which is why independence of the judiciary is critical in upholding the rule of law . 
  there is no independence of the sanitary system lol . 
  doctors treat diseases based on medical science , they do n't decide whether laws passed by the legislative are constitutional or not , or whether a politician is guilty of corruption , or if decisions made by the mayor are legal . 
  well you can expect it because they are professional magistrates and it works . 
  but being overseen by politicians is 1000x times worse because it kills all independence of the judiciary . 
  i do n't know anything about the federal court in germany . 
  it 's hard to achieve a balance , but the balance is n't to kill the independence of the judiciary , that 's like cutting off your legs because you have bad knees . 
  judges are accountable and should be accountable , but they should also remain independent . 
  mistakes in the justice system do happen in every country , it 's just a very convenient excuse to use in order to exert control on the system , because you can always find some cases where shit went really wrong . 
  in romania , judges can not be held accountable by politicians , they are held accountable by the csm , which is the supreme judiciary council that watches over the activity of magistrates and holds disciplinary trials when they break professional deontology , sometimes leading to exclusion from the system . 
  the most important thing however is that the csm is independent from the legislative and executive .
