  people are just pissed because they have no idea what the eu does and just assume your national politicians are more `` democratic ' or somehow better than brussels . 
  they 're not . 
  the democratic process inside the eu is very similar to that in the uk and the uk political class is obviously shite you do n't need to look further than this referendum to see that . 
  the populism , the lies , the manipulations , the scaremongering , i 'm not even talking about leave exclusively , it just goes to show that national politics are probably just as retarded but very likely even more . 
  winning over what ? 
  the referendum is over . 
  the more emotional side did win , gg i guess ? 
  like that 's a good thing ... 
  true , we all lost , but the uk will lose much more than the rest of us , as the effects are much more spread out . 
  the leave side has gathered around it every conspiracy theory nutjob , far right wing assholes and just generally naive people from all over england . 
  i 'm arguing that this is democracy at play and in the end people have to accept the decision of the majority and that of the government . 
  people can still have their opinions , but they must accept this fact that the uk leaving is out of the question . 
  they will have to shift the paradigm towards discussions of what could be done inside the eu , otherwise they 're simply not respecting the decision taken in the referendum . 
  the way it works is that even 0.01 % wins you the election , it might be and is influenced by a million things , but at some point rules must be established and obeyed . 
  there must be some concession for a democracy to work , otherwise i would argue the other side has a problem with democracy and does n't like it when the results do n't go their way . 
  people can still have their opinions , but at some point you also have to respect the will of the people , especially since the brexit camp has been the one pushing for a referendum to have the will of the people known . 
  while you may still not like the eu , some acceptance must be given to the fact that most people do . 
  the executive is given a vote of confidence from the parliament which we elect , carrying out the will of the legislative . 
  it 's pretty much how it works in most member states . 
  the uk may be even less democratic than the eu . 
  except it was nothing like this . 
  in what way a money-destruction-machine ? 
  the single market provides benefits for all its members . 
  it 's like the biggest reason why countries joined in the first place . 
  alliances do n't last forever , as can be evidenced by your very attitude towards the rest of europe . 
  the uk and france are fine , fuck everyone else , especially eastern europe . 
  i do n't understand this argument that their voice is n't heard . 
  if remain wins clearly most people want the uk to stay in the eu , the other side is already heard and has always been heard , that 's why the uk has all those opt outs and constantly asks for special treatment and opposes other eu members . 
  saying they are n't being heard does n't really mean anything , are they only heard if the uk is both in and out of the eu at the same time ? 
  that 's not possible . 
   interests of multi nationals . 
  i ca n't believe how widespread this belief is when the eu is probably the most consumer friendly market in the entire world . 
  many of those regulations people despise are for consumer protection . 
  example of their `` incredible '' bias ? 
  i guess that in certain situations that 's true , but cabinets are often changed inbetween elections and i doubt the population is consulted about it . 
  in the end the role of the executive is to carry out the will of the legislative , that 's why the most important thing is that the legislative is democratically elected . 
  people get to know who they vote for . 
  in the end that is the essence of representative democracy , not electing a pm . 
  they did n't vote for junker , but he 's like the pm of a country , most of the eu does n't vote for their pm . 
  the pm is usually assigned and voted for by a majority in parliament . 
  junker is n't the president of the eu , he 's the head of the executive cabinet . 
  sure . 
  cool . 
  you 're coming to romania ? 
  millions upon millions ? 
  lol . 
  doing what god intended you to do by spreading fear and lies . 
  the refugee crisis happened and now everyone is going crazy about immigrants , when most of them are from your former colonies , being there for decades now . 
  in this case i guarantee the eu will in fact stick to its principles . 
  after all that 's what people are blaming them for . 
  agreeing to give you some opt outs when you were joining the eu is very different from giving even bigger ones after you 've left in such a toxic manner . 
  can i be in on that bet as well ? 
  i think it is obvious the `` remain '' side is going to win . 
  well then what exactly are you complaining about ? 
  the systems in the us and most of europe are different . 
  here government means the executive branch with his pm and ministers , they are usually given a vote of confidence by the parliament much like in the eu . 
  the role of the executive is to carry out the will of the legislative . 
  more transparent in what way ? 
  i 'm starting to think the eu 's biggest problem is that most people do n't really know how it works , so they start to assign all kinds of blames and faults to it based on a lack of information . 
  the eu council is given a vote of confidence by the european parliament , the members we ourselves send to represent us as nations . 
  it works the same in most countries in the eu , parliaments give a vote of confidence to the executive so they can carry out the will of the legislative . 
  yeah , no . 
  you 're simply making up arguments from your point of view . 
  afd is a far right party with very conservative values , they are against abortion and against climate change , they 're all for religious values , nationalism and putting less accent on that period germans should just forget about ( ww2 ) . 
  they have also stated in their program that they are against `` anti-discrimination '' . 
  like what . 
  but really , making it seem like afd is simply not willing to spend money on integrating refugees is ignoring the fact that by international and german law you are obliged to give people that apply for asylum due process which is what is happening now and moving the goalpost to suit your argument . 
  saying the far right has valid points is one thing , saying they are valid is another . 
  although their valid points are still waiting to be revealed to the rest of us ... 
  the problem was never whether it affected countries or not , as it did n't affect most . 
  the headlines and the scaremongering however has been a central point in the rise of populists over the last year . 
  denying that means you have n't been paying any attention . 
  these people rode on the back of the refugee crisis , often lying and misinforming people , trying to push the narrative that europe will be destroyed and we 'll all be replaced by muslims as much as they could . 
  that 's not really true . 
  romania has pretty low unemployment for example . 
  unemployment is a complicated issue and blaming it on germany is no offense very simplistic and down right narrow in thinking . 
  germany has managed to reform itself while other countries are still stuck in the past , like france , but they are trying to reform as well . 
  when the vast majority agree on something people should maybe try to inform themselves better on the issue . 
  all i see from the leave camp is wishful thinking and putting their fingers up their ears whenever someone mentions that pretty much everyone agrees on the uk economy slipping into recession . 
  once you believe that narrative anything that comes in contradiction with that is very easily dismissed as western propaganda and conspiracy theories . 
  al billionaires meddle in society . 
  anyone that rich has way more influence than the common man , that does n't mean that the conspiracy theories are valid though , but it does give them some amount of credibility for the more naive to believe . 
  they do say why , maybe you just have n't been informing yourself . 
  you 're confusing not being to tell you the exact numbers for not giving reasons , but nobody can guess the exact numbers , it 's way too complex . 
  people can however easily predict economic downturn . 
  the uk will not be part of the single market anymore , it will have to renegociate every trade deal it had with the eu and the world , only they will do it from a weaker position than before , you will lose many workers , investors will see not being part of the eu as a big minus and will choose other countries to invest in and so on . 
  there are many reasons and all the fears are legitimate , for example investors have already been reacting and pulling out many billions out of the uk only on the fear that maybe the leave wins , what do you think happens if you actually leave the eu which is the richest single market besides the us ? 
  that will not be good for the uk 's economy . 
  the vast majority of economists predict economic recession in 2017 if you leave . 
  you 'll basically set yourselves back quite a deal in the short and medium run , very likely in the long run as well . 
  yeah , that 's a good scapegoat to keep using when it 's you who 's fucking up . 
  ( national governments ), 
  `` think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . '' - george carlin this comes to mind . 
  do n't worry though , it 's the same everywhere or even worse . 
  finally 20 years of campaigning , propaganda and lies from the leave side has amounted to something , and this is it . 
  wow those arguments are terrible . 
  a bunch of populist soundbites combined with some really far out logic and a couple of conspiracy theories thrown in . 
  the reader is just assumed to `` know '' of those `` truths '' as no real evidence or explanation is provided . 
  `` the eu is the fourth reich '' . 
  gold , jerry !,
