  eu uses baits like these to achieve this , but they have proven to be pretty effective with pretty much every eastern european state . 
  romania used to be corrupt as fuck as well , but now we 're doing better than ever , same with the rest of eastern europe . 
  ukraine needs to be given the same chance . 
  better said , things do n't change so easily just because the ukrainian people want it , sometimes there needs to be a helping hand too . 
  that 's because russia ca n't move past authoritarianism and corruption that is strangling the whole country economically and politically . 
  putin and his buddies control all the natural wealth while the population is left in poverty and brainwashed through state controlled press . 
  regretting the ussr is just choosing the same path that led to your current situation . 
  unfortunately many are convinced that it was not the ussr and its makeup that led to their current situation , but rather foreign and domestic enemies which is a pretty common propaganda tactic . 
  yeah , except all the other people who are n't russian , they very much do n't regret the soviet union, 
  it 's not the first time masses are brainwashed . 
  putin is selling them a dream using his authoritarianism so they forget about poverty and focus on nationalism and dreams of a strong russia like in the good ol' days , which can be achieved by handing over the power to putin of course . 
  this is a very common tactic and has been used in many other countries by populist dictators , even in western countries . 
  people need to learn their history lesson , because all i see today is people hating each other and forgetting what our real enemies are . 
  that 's not how nationalism works . 
  people are often nostalgic about some recent `` better times '' , in their case the soviet union , when people got free houses and had jobs like the guy above said . 
  that also comes with the imperialism part , so nationalism is most often tied to the ussr . 
  well that 's why we do n't do it , so those things do n't happen . 
  the death penalty is overall barbaric . 
  never said they did . 
  but the far right is historically anti-semite and has a lot more traction . 
  i bet it 's the right wing . 
  you can say what you want but most on the far right are anti-semites . 
  you must value freedom pretty low if you think that 's true . 
  having freedom is way more important than you think , imagine only living in your yard for 1 hour per day and in your room for the rest of the time , day in and day out with no possibility to leave ever again . 
  you can only have very limited contact with friends or family and you have to share those living spaces with a bunch of murderers , psychopaths , thugs and so on . 
  if you think that 's swell i 'm sorry but you 're being intellectually dishonest . 
  that 's pretty much torture to live your entire life like that . 
  your entire life , without any freedom . 
  on the other hand , if he gets killed , its relatively quick and painless , that 's it , no suffering no nothing . 
  the guy wo n't know he 's dead or feel some kind of remorse , he just wo n't exist anymore . 
  that 's objectively better for him . 
  it 's not that you 're not a good person , but you 're severely overvaluing the benefits of killing him while extremely undervaluing upholding a very important democratic principle called the rule of law . 
  because of this your conclusion will always be that norway should 've killed him , but i think that you 're starting off on the wrong premises . 
  by killing him you only give him martyrdom , while his death will be relatively quick and painless versus the torture of a whole life in jail . 
  as for undervaluing rule of law and having strong principles , / u/suecotero already explained why that 's important . 
  would you be ok with being locked up in prison ? 
  even if its a norwegian one ? 
  it is a punishment to spend all your life like that , in my opinion even bigger than death . 
  death is instant and painless , life in prison is torture , no matter how many books you have . 
  exceptions should n't be made . 
  this proves that democracy and rule of law are strong in norway which is very good for a society in the long run . 
  sure , guys like these get to live , but living your whole life in prison is n't exactly non-punishment , i view it worse than death . 
  yet countries today most often fail to do that . 
  people should know the way by now , and no it has nothing to do with empires and more to do with values such as freedom , anti-authoritarianism , innovation and democracy . 
  so no politicians under investigation at all ? 
  if you 're doing it for a good reason then you must try to take pleasure in that thought , we must try and not resist things which should n't be resisted , but rather focus on doing them well and being at peace with it . 
  a coup is n't necessarily done with violence . 
  usl tried to undermine our democracy by trying to elude the constitution and the constitutional courts decision and then unlawfully seize power . 
  are there no politicians being investigated in germany at all ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  if there 's none , that 's pretty suspicious , if there are politicians under investigation but there are n't so many that might be a good thing because yours are less corrupt than ours , less of them corrupt i mean . 
  plenty more , the proportion of arrested or investigated is only 10 % high when it comes to the parliament , so lots more . 
  not all of them are guilty , many just turn a blind eye , but there 's still plenty to go after i 'm sure . 
  not really , we 've had our oligarchs , but they were never as powerful as in other ex soviet states and basescu is n't one of them . 
  he actually was kind of against them , it was because he wanted more power for himself obviously , but that was a good thing in the end because it took the country out of their control . 
  then it all blows up in their faces in one way or another . 
  once you start the rollercoaster it 's pretty hard to stop it . 
  of course , in the end , regular people like you and me end up getting fucked . 
  except people like that never fix shit , they just use their power to enrich themselves while keeping the country dysfunctional . 
  then the next one falls and the country is again at the brink of collapse . 
  that does n't work . 
  fining someone that is barely hanging on wo n't make them get their shit together , it 's just going to make things worse for the people living there while the leaders get richer and richer . 
  the nature of authoritarian regimes is to perpetuate the vicious cycle that enables their power , often in the course of history an outside force or some catastrophic event had to happen in order to break this cycle . 
  the eu should offer incentives to countries like these , it just has to be way smarter about it , it has to lure them with gradual democracy instead of being naive enough to think it can just be imposed through war in a couple of years . 
  you ca n't compare russian capabilities with syrian ones . 
  furthermore , the essence of this discussion is that the pot was brewing for a long time now , the fact is that syria was being led by a genocidal dictator and the country was always one dictator away from collapse . 
  past mistakes count less than present mistakes , this is normal . 
  russia has fucked up badly now , while many other countries have pretty much been peaceful for a long time now and have n't pulled any of the shit russia has . 
  going by this it 's only normal for russia to be called hypocritical while others are n't called that , it 's just the reality of the present vs history . 
  not the same thing as already having to run from a war torn failed state and choosing a better destination than right next door into another unstable autocratic country . 
  they 're founded on a lot of truth , or at least true tidbits , but people too often jump to conclusions without understanding the underlying reasons . 
  why is their culture like that for example ? 
  why do they live outside the law ? 
  the answers are complex and reducing it to `` genetics '' or `` that 's just how they are '' is useless and stupid . 
  in part they 're like that because of us as well , even though nobody wants to admit it . 
  gypsies for example were captured and enslaved for centuries , even after slavery was abolished , they were still heavily hated and discriminated against , because of that their culture has evolved into an anti-social one , it 's a perpetual vicious cycle , nowadays people use said culture to hate and discriminate further , then those cultural traits get reinforced in return and so on . 
  you get my point . 
  not turkey . 
  got it . 
  of course a 2 line comment is a simplification , but that 's the bottom line , both had imperialistic dreams , it 's just that one was a psychopath and the other was crazy . 
  let 's see if you can tell which is which . 
  that 's the argument people in my country give about gypsies as well , but when you ask them if they 'd hire one they say no . 
  spending money is n't always enough , changing perceptions is worth way more . 
  people need to be given opportunities just like everyone else has . 
  saying they 're just lazy is not a good answer . 
  where would you rather live , douchebag ? 
  the answer to that question is also obvious . 
  ukraine is much more unstable and much more corrupt . 
  the eu had a very good effect on romania , whether our politicians wanted it or not , we reformed our country in a lot of ways in the process of accession and after . 
  also , foreign investments in romania after we joined the eu were crazy high . 
  percentage wise the difference is just as big , but pure numbers wise , france is way way richer than romania . 
  plus , nominal gdp is always misleading , you need to look at ppp and then the difference between romania and ukraine is not as big . 
  not really , our gdp/capita used to be pretty similar until we started the accession process in the eu . 
  sure bro , that 's why people are risking their lives , to get free dental care . 
  they bring their babies along = monster parents , the men come alone without their families = why are most refugees males . 
  it was always the plan of both stalin and hitler to take as much as they can before they backstab each other , that 's pretty common knowledge . 
  it 's not that hard to imagine considering the rapid rise of the far right and the nationalist rhetoric we see today . 
  i wish people were more aware in order to avoid falling back into the same traps . 
  people are going to say that today is nothing like what went on then , and they 'd be right , things are different , but some things never change and nationalist rhetoric that scapegoats minorities for our problems is one of those things . 
   the whole point of having a eu trade deal meant getting a better position in the eu market than the rest of the world .
