  bulgaria simply does n't enjoy the same kind of geostrategic position that switzerland does . 
  countries like bulgaria and romania never had the luxury of being neutral , we were always dragged into wars one way or another because we where always surrounded by aggressors and at the crossroads of east west and south . 
  war preparations ? 
  consolidating our defense in the eastern front following russia 's aggressive moves is not `` war preparations '' . 
  nato is a defense alliance and we have absolutely no intention of attacking russia , but defense we must do . 
  bulgaria wants to be in nato , a defensive military alliance , but does not want to contribute to its own defense and that of its allies in the black sea region . 
  how 's that okay ? 
  again , nobody is making `` war preparations '' and nobody sane in the head wants to attack russia . 
  first of all it was n't an assumption , it 's what 's being reported . 
  this is n't the court of law and i can take what pretty much the entire media around the world is reporting at face value without you being a pedantic jack ass telling me i 'm making assumptions . 
   what a worthless assumption . 
  ( no i do n't care enough to bother searching for any instances of this ) . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you know of no cases when an attack happened , you wo n't even bother to find out if they did , yet you 're here calling people out on how wrong it is to attack pro-brexiters . 
  what a bad joke . 
   got it . 
  another person making baseless assumptions much . 
  thought as much . 
  not hard to infer that when you 're screaming against attacks that do n't exist . 
  i do n't discriminate against them because of what this guy did , i do it because they 're an organization with the intent purpose of spreading hate and ignorance . 
  yeah . 
  i think i can agree with that . 
  that may only seem to be the case to you because you 're one of them . 
  using the term `` left '' in that manner certainly suggests so . 
  oh i have no problem discriminating against people like britain first supporters . 
  they are bigoted scum and this is the kind of toxic mentality they propagate . 
  it 's like saying do n't discriminate against isis , i 'm sure the chef is a nice guy . 
  me and everyone else that does n't have their head stuck up their own ass . 
  you do n't have to give examples but it happens . 
  let me guess , you searched google and could n't find anything credible within the first 10 pages so you came up with that . 
  something that does n't happen to the brexit side is n't in the spirit of freedom and democracy . 
  got it . 
  victim mentality much . 
  but it 's so hard to look away !, 
  seriously . 
  i 'm struggling with this a bit . 
  i do n't even read news websites comment sections , reddit is enough . 
  do n't know why it 's so hard for you to imagine people becoming a bit pissed from seeing streams and streams of garbage that reflect the reality of the society you live in after all . 
  nobody actually snapped . 
  it 's like it 's your first day on the internet . 
  baby steps . 
  there 's this possibility that he may have been hyperbolic and used the term metaphorically . 
  you on the other hand may have taken it too seriously . 
  people with a sane view on things have always seen the truth in this . 
  but many would rather pretend they 're siding with the `` reasonable '' party on matters , because they 're `` anti-immigration '' and `` want britain to be stronk democracy '' . 
   being attacked is not `` calling them names '' . 
  it is actively trying to prevent other people from holding certain views by using violence . 
  i was n't referring to the thread when i said this : who exactly is getting attacked for pro-brexit opinions ? 
  i 've seen people get attacked and killed for pro-remain opinions , like today , but i have n't seen the reverse . 
  snapping is when you kill a politician with opposing views from yours . 
  not when you call pro-brexit people uneducated . 
  good thing that in this case we can actually study demographics of the vote and find out some interesting things . 
  the most interesting thing is that the 65 + age bracket is very pro-brexit , while the 18-35 bracket is very pro-remain . 
  education levels also vary between the two sides , the remain side consisting of more people with higher education . 
  take from that what you will . 
  le : people downvoting because facts . 
  i thought you people loved facts . 
  you already have it dumbass . 
  you send elected members of parliament into the eu , most of the important decisions can be vetoed by any single country and you have most of your sovereignty intact . 
  why exactly you think things will miraculously be more democratic is beyond me . 
  any kind of authority and system of government ends up taking unpopular decisions sometimes , in fact , it happens all the time , in fact , your own national government already does it all the time . 
  you might have the shocking realization one day that maybe the eu was actually keeping your politicians saner . 
  apparently nobody is thinking of the money the uk gets to make by being part of the single market . 
  it 's all about the net contribution . 
  i 'm just going off what is known so far , if it turns out to be wrong so be it , but i 'm not the police or the prosecutor so i can be more presumptuous in what i say . 
  it 's reddit after all , not a court of law . 
  i did n't mean this event specifically , i meant that people like this guy often take on the role of useful idiots for people trying to propagate highly nationalistic ideologies , of course they did n't want this to happen , but these things happen as a side effect of all the fear mongering and the `` nation being destroyed '' rhetoric . 
  when you start heavily painting the other side as the enemy of the nation that wants to destroy british culture and your way of life , some people are bound to become unhinged . 
  unfortunately people like the attacker have become more and more empowered by the recent evolution of events and the surge of nationalism and anti-immigration sentiments . 
  not enough people call the nutjobs out on their shit because they serve their side . 
  they 're useful idiots . 
  unfortunately these useful idiots are also sometimes dangerous lunatics that would n't hold back from hurting others in the blind fervor of their ideology . 
  it 's not about us deciding who deserves help and who does n't , people are applying for asylum and the requests are approved or denied based on the concrete situation of each one . 
  we are n't offering . 
  because you 're using a [ slippery slope argument ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slippery_slope ) . 
  `` if we help these ones hundreds of millions will follow '' , that 's simply not true . 
  that never ever happened . 
  it never will . 
  these refugees are a direct consequence of the failed states and warzones of syria and iraq , most of them do n't even come to europe . 
   they can apply for aylum through regular means rather than coming here on boats illegally . 
  because when escaping isis you 're going to hold tight for about a year until you get a mail accepting your asylum request . 
  you can see why they would rather spend that year in a refugee camp in greece rather than in syria right ? 
   there are hundreds of millions of people worldwide we should be offering to take into refugees then . 
  that 's simply not true and nobody is proposing that . 
  how about we actually try to help the ones applying for asylum first huh ? 
   i have empathy you have empathy but you 're not even willing to give people the chance of due process and respect asylum laws . 
  nobody 's asking europe to go above and beyond and save the whole world . 
  how about we respect our own laws . 
  because some of us are human beings with actual empathy ? 
  we 're all people , most of us do n't want to kill each other . 
  saying that they 're poorer more religious and less educated than anyone in western europe does not an accurate statement make . 
  it 's just a shitpost . 
  how about you slow down with the shit tier generalizations for a bit ? 
  than anyone ? 
  really ? 
  western europe has its own share of fundamentalist rednecks so let 's not pretend like you 're all superior to every turk . 
  i 'd be willing to bet on the fact that many turks in this thread are more secular and open minded than a lot of western europeans . 
  it 's not so easy to do that . 
  blanket turning them all away is fucking over a lot of people that are genuine asylum seekers which we are morally and legally obligated to help . 
  determining which is which requires due process and that 's why at the moment we 're receiving all requests and trying to speed up the process of selection .
