  yeah , people are moving in , they 're not forcing or moving anyone out . 
  we 're talking about a neighborhood here . 
  it 's like pointing to china town and claiming that the chinese are displacing us . 
  how exactly are they `` displacing '' the native population ? 
  you act like there 's ethnic cleansing going on . 
   whataboutism was a propaganda technique used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent 's position by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world . 
  - check 2 . 
  without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  - check man , why do you have to be a stereotype . 
  i hoped there 's more in you . 
  sure dude . 
  believing the truth is always in the middle is just as retarded as believing it 's always on one side . 
  the truth is like a scale and news organizations can be on different points on that scale , from obvious lies and manipulations to the truth . 
  believing it 's in the middle has no rational and logical basis . 
  russia is n't the west and putin is n't cameron . 
  countries are different , politicians are different , truth is what 's backed by evidence and logic . 
  remember when russia and its fanboys denied any involvement in crimea in the first few months ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's an example of the truth being completely hidden to the russian people while the west was widely reporting russian involvement , russian media was of course busy accusing the west of propaganda and lies when it was nothing but . 
  growth also comes from producing added value , that 's a very important point as well . 
  here goes a very long post , but if you 're interested in a discussion i welcome you to read it : you 're starting on a false premise . 
  the economy is n't a 0 sum game , countries do n't `` steal '' growth from one another . 
  growth can be created , it 's not -1 here and +1 some place else . 
  labor creates added value , technology thus creates added value and so on . 
  value and growth can literally be created and trading is n't stealing it , it 's fructifying what you 're good at and compensating for the things you are n't that good at . 
  let me give you an example , if you spend your days farming the fields , then you 're going to create value by tending to your fields and producing vegetables that other people need , those vegetables did n't exist before your labor was put to use , but now they do - congrats you have created added value and thus growth in the world . 
  but if instead of working the fields for example you start building things in your shed , say you start building `` sprinkler systems '' that do a better job at irrigating your fields than humans can , then you 're creating ever more added value than by going out and wetting the fields yourself . 
  that 's how you can create value out of `` nothing '' ( it 's not nothing , you also buy the parts you need from others but adding value to them ) and that 's why countries such as germany are much richer than greece , because not only do they create value , they create much more value than greece by building things such as cars instead of farming olives . 
  germany is n't siphoning wealth from greece , germany is simply trading what they 're really good at - making cars - for things that they are n't doing or are n't as good at - farming olives - . 
  nothing is stopping greece from producing more added value , well , things are stopping greece , but it mostly boils down to government inefficiency , corruption , tax avoidance and so on . 
  in france the biggest problem is their very rigid labor laws , of course the people are happy to have such government protection , but unfortunately that also makes companies think thrice before investing in france and hiring someone , simply because the upkeep of their employees is much bigger than in germany for example and firing anyone is a nightmare , so you have to make extra sure that you need an employee and that it 's the right one -  that leads to high unemployment , lower investment etc. 
  of course i ca n't analyze every country in the eu with 100 % precision in a reddit post , it was just so you can get an idea of how added value is created and why certain countries might do worse than others . 
  as for the us , they 're too deep off the capitalist end , which is very good for innovation , most innovation comes from the usa , but not so good for those that did n't have the chance or could n't acquire the skills required to succeed in such a competitive market . 
  it 's a trade off . 
  either you 're more socialist and you have less innovation , less investment , but poorer people are not quite as poor , or you 're very capitalist and you have a lot of competition , lots of innovation , but if you 're poor and not very smart/knowledgeable/skilled you 're more fucked . 
  overall though a poor person in the usa is still way better off than most people in the world . 
  things are n't black or white and neither pure socialism or capitalism is good , that 's why our countries run on capitalist principles with socialist elements . 
  the trick is to find the right balance . 
   at least in europe wealth is more equality distributed and you have social healthcare and school systems . 
  indeed . 
  but like i said in my example above , while that may lead to a better life for the poorest members of society , europe has been trailing behind the rest of the world when it comes to innovation and investments . 
  we are seeing the results of this today . 
  our economies are stagnating and are n't keeping up with that of the usa . 
  at one point the eu used to have a bigger economy than the usa , now it does n't . 
  in any case , balance is important , but when you 're off balance and you start having major issues because of it , it 's good to make some corrections . 
  for example the usa could benefit from a bit more socialism , but the eu needs some reforms too so it can jump start investment and innovation again in order to achieve growth . 
  you 're not getting it . 
  you may have not seen something 100 % objective because you 're not 100 % objective either . 
  surely you can admit that right ? 
  you have your own biases and misinformation , so i 'd be way more worried if you find some news outlet especially if it 's government sponsored to be objective than if you do n't find any 100 % objective . 
  in the first case it means you 've probably taken the bait and just believe a single side , while in the latter case it at least means that you have your own viewpoints different from any single news outlet . 
  the point is that in the west you can find many more viewpoints and more or less biased sources , which taken together leads to a much more informed person with a fuller picture . 
  in russia diversity is too small and the opposition is just too weak , both in the media and politics . 
  look at putin , he 's pretty much the indefinite leader of russia at this point , he has no real opposition . 
  he just blames the west or enemies of the nation for everything that is n't right and ignores the rest . 
  it 's easy to do this when the vast majority of the media is forced to be on your side . 
  except that both sides of the spectrum fervently criticize the government and usually act like the sky is falling down and our politicians are literally hitler/lenin depending on which side you ask . 
  if you mean pro-government as in pro to having a strong state then sure . 
  if you mean pro-government as in pro-establishment and our leaders , then fuck no . 
  still vastly more objective than state controlled media that only parrots pro-government propaganda . 
  there is media that is more objective and there is media that is less objective in the west . 
  there are some with blatant biases and others with no obvious bias in every country . 
  are business supposed to never fire anyone ever for your benefit ? 
  do romanian companies never fire anyone ? 
  ah , forget it , you 're fucking nuts . 
  it 's like you ca n't cope with how the world works and you have to make up fantasy world views . 
  it 's sad really . 
  so what do you think is the reason for negative growth in croatia ? 
  nah , it 's kind of the other way around . 
  they started very extreme and then they were diluted thanks to the mass of ignorant people that thought they 're just nice guys looking out for us with their anti-immigration stance . 
  so you read all the same news we do about russia , but at the end of the day you somehow always come to the conclusion that it 's all just western propaganda and lies ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
  just please god do n't start with whataboutism . 
  in the west most media is n't owned or controlled by the state , we also have all kinds of viewpoints ranging from pro-government to very anti-government , from far right to far left , from conservative to liberal , from pro-opposition to pro-ruling party . 
  we have it all . 
  in russia you pretty much only have pro-government and pro-putin viewpoints in the vast majority of the media and those that do not conform are being bullied and threatened . 
  you 've probably dug way too much for those sources that are n't mainstream because you 're starting to believe russian whataboutism and conspiracy theories . 
  people can give you countless examples in the western media that swing from the far right to the far left , from conservatism to liberalism , to pro-government to anti-government , we have it all . 
  in russia you have one kind of media , pro-government and pro-putin . 
  who needs more viewpoints than that ? 
  russia and putin are just that good . 
  it 's like we 're back in the in 1930 's i swear . 
  how the fuck do people think this is an okay worldview to have is beyond me . 
  global trade benefits us all , not just china . 
  but apparently the part where it benefits us does n't matter very much because it benefits them as well . 
  wow . 
  edit : did n't even address the craziness of `` western hegemony '' , so i take it that your dream is for the west to keep the rest of the world poor and underdeveloped so we do n't have any competition ? 
  do tell what my values are . 
  lumping national socialism , communism , liberalism , regressiveness and everything together makes me wonder if you understand what any of them mean . 
  yeah , the world made no progress , everything should just stay the same like it was in some mythical age when our nations used to be `` great '' . 
  you 're delusional . 
  if it were up to people like you , we 'd still have kings ruling over us and living in feudal systems . 
  there were plenty of people back then as well that wanted to keep things `` great '' like they used to be . 
  well these people applied for asylum , the german government has a lawful and i think also a moral duty to give a fair trial to the people that have applied . 
  you ca n't just assume everyone is undeserving and shut down the whole country , just like you ca n't assume they 're all real refugees and give everyone asylum without checking . 
  so what 's the middle ground ? 
  well , giving them a fair trial .
