  for both the eu and the usa . 
  because this is the kind of deal that has to be approved by everyone , it ca n't pass otherwise . 
  i do n't have to , because this is a very bad argument not to do anything . 
  things are imperfect , should we grind the world to a halt because of it ? 
  everything will always be imperfect unless we supplant ourselves with machines . 
  i bet they know more than you or the vast majority of people for that matter . 
  oh i get it , companies are n't allowed to invest in my country because you could do a little better yourself . 
  at the same time you fail to realize that you get benefits out of globalization as well , but fuck all that , what matters is that people are investing in poorer countries . 
  besides the oil industry crash , let 's face it , canada was doing fucking great , you 're blaming globalization while you have benefited immensely from it simply because of your current circumstances . 
  you 're mad at throwing your blame on people even poorer than you are , instead of focusing on what 's really causing your problems . 
  this is exactly what i was talking about . 
  why are people so wary towards the eu ? 
  does n't czechia benefit immensely from being in the union ? 
  there 's a well integrated population of muslims living in the south east , so yes . 
  yeah , because the government could not possibly do a better job than it is doing to try and more equally distribute wages , right ? 
  i 'm not talking about socialism or whatever the fuck you north americans are so scared of , i 'm talking about making heavy investments that create jobs and taking measures that reduce inequality rather than the opposite . 
  you 're just blaming globalization like it 's this enemy of human kind , like we 're meant to forever live isolated from each other , because that 's the only way you can have `` no globalization '' . 
  people have gone from `` fuck the wars . 
  we are spending trillions of useless dollars instead of investing into our country '' to `` fucking globalization '' `` fuck immigrants '' `` fuck the eu '' `` fuck the usa '' `` fuck russia '' `` fuck ttip '' and whatever else they can find to blame in just a few years . 
  politicians have once again managed to pit us all against each other . 
  nothing good is going to come from all of this . 
  yeah but a more accurate depiction of what 's happening is that 10 % get 55 % richer while the 90 % gets only 10 % richer , because that 's pretty much backed by numbers . 
  real median wage growth just has n't kept up with gdp growth , the financial crisis especially gave it a big hit , but real median wage has gone up , but not very much . 
  thus , i understand why people are unhappy , it 's just that they 're concentrating their energy towards invisible enemies like ` globalization ' or the 1 % , when the real problem lies on the national government level . 
  people should be mad at politicians and voting more competent ones in , because let 's face it , sadly a lot of people do vote against their own interest in every country . 
  there are problems and we should fix them , i just wish people would concentrate on the actual problems rather than scapegoating and conspiracy theorizing . 
  flipping do the absolute minimum and try to vote more consciously , that 's a very good first step , the next is to actually pay attention to politics and use your critical thinking skills . 
  i swear if more people would do it things could in fact improve using democratic means , but when half the population seems to actively vote against their own best interest believing any bullshit fed to them , of course representative democracy is going to be working out so well for us . 
  ever thought to consider that maybe it 's not the fault of globalization ? 
  did you ever think it possible that maybe your very own government could be at fault for median wages not keeping up with gdp growth ? 
  you 're blaming shit like `` globalization '' instead of focusing on what is actually screwing you over . 
  simple as that . 
  globalization is a fact at this point , simple as that , it 's happening because of ever increasing technological growth , especially better communication and transportation . 
  being mad at globalization instead of being mad at your leaders is the equivalent of the aztecs thinking the gods are punishing them rather than blaming their shitty ass leaders . 
  just because you make isds sound like it 's something ominous does n't make it so . 
  there being a court of arbitration between investors and foreign governments is n't something inherently bad . 
  i get that people are afraid of corruption , but if we have absolutely no trust in any kind of arbitration or judicial systems then what are we even doing ? 
  people need to fight for things to be fair , that does n't mean we should give up an otherwise great trade deal based on the fears that it will be abused . 
  the eu and the usa are the two strongest markets in the world , they can flourish together much better than alone . 
  way to be a condescending prick . 
  what the fuck is the point of your post then ? 
  did you just want to go on your daily rant about the oil industry being in the shitter or are you just trying to tell us that because your particular field sucks everyone else can go fuck themselves ? 
  your whole post was a giant rant about the oil industry being in the toilet and there being too many engineers and then you go like `` oh and fuck the chicago school of thought and everything they stand for '' . 
  a + mate . 
  i still do n't get why that is supposed to be an argument against globalization or the ttip . 
  did he just want to share his life story ? 
  of course that exceptional situations and local factors matter more than a few percent of gdp growth , because gdp is calculated nationally not locally . 
  some parts can get richer while others get poorer , gdp growth means that overall the nation became richer . 
  what i do n't get is why you would be opposed to a free trade deal based on that alone , it 's kind of like saying `` i 'm doing poorly so fuck everyone else too '' . 
  during the negotiations , yes , it will be public months before the vote . 
  and why is that the fault of globalization , eu , free trade deals , or whatever you want to blame it on ? 
  show me the way and make the connection for me . 
  maybe the people should know that such deals are always negotiated behind closed doors . 
  that however does n't and should n't matter because it 's going to be up for review months before it 's voted on . 
  the politicians , journalists , the public , they will all have the time to review it . 
   well it 's sort of difficult when the process is completely secret and we wo n't know the full extent of it until 5 years after it has been implemented . 
  you had to have made that up . 
  the negotiations are done in secret , no shit they are , but afaik the whole deal is going to be up for public debate months before it is ratified . 
   that is assuming that there is not fundamental differences between people across cultural and religious lines . 
  you and i are very different , men and women are different , blacks and whites are different , romanians are different from austrians and so on . 
  what i 'm getting it as that while there are obviously differences on average between all people from all backgrounds , even between those that share a nationality/religion/ethnicity , from a legal standpoint we have decided that viewing everyone as equal is preferable to discriminating based on stereotypes and generalizations . 
  if you can agree to that you would know why some of the populists throughout europe are dangerous . 
  it 's not that issues should n't be addressed , it 's that they should n't be addressed by further alienating and creating animosity between people , because that only serves to create bigger rifts and more hate instead of bridges and solutions . 
  you 're right though that populism can be just as present on the left as it is on the right , but in europe you mostly get the right/far-right kind . 
  people are biased more against nationalist-populism because of very obvious reasons . 
   hofer is nowhere near that level and wont be rolling panzers into any nation nobody is thinking that , but populism can still be very bad in other ways . 
  have you seen the billboards hofer had before the elections ? 
  i ca n't find them now but they were full of hateful and divisive shit outright claiming that immigrants are going to stab you . 
  i mean come on , that does n't solve any problems , it just creates fear , paranoia and hate . 
  so you 're blaming globalization for the crash in oil prices ? 
  no shit that any place that relies on a single industry is going to have a hard time in case of a crash , but you can thank conservatives for that primarily . 
  i also doubt your father was making more than an engineer is today . 
  median income has gone up , not down . 
  i mean either you 're making shit up or you 've been extremely unlucky . 
  what you 've experienced is not normal . 
  most of us live our lives without being fucked over by women left and right . 
  last week ? 
  let 's face it , 99 % of people have no idea what those terms are , they 've opposed to the deal well before any of it was actually made public . 
  people just think it 's bad because evil , mega-corporations , neo-liberalism and whatever other buzzwords you can throw in there . 
  saved europe from what exactly ? 
  people are making the ttip out to be the devil itself but nobody actually provides well documented criticism to it . 
  in fact , most economists agree that the deal is good . 
  this is yet again one of those times when masses of people think they have it all figured out and sticking it to the man when 99 % of them do n't even know what the ttip is . 
  it 's bad because it must be bad . 
  when you ask for factual evidence all you get are crickets and people telling you you 're some troglodyte for not rallying to another manifestation of the populist bullshit that plagues our present times . 
  you should all be wary when everyone and their dog claims to posses some truths about this hugely complex trade deal well before any of it was even known to the public . 
  that 's just not true , populism is n't some made up term , you can read about it here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/populism this part in particular when talking about nationalist-populists :  conspiracist scapegoating employed by various populist movements can create `` a seedbed for fascism . 
  '' [ 27 ] national socialist populism interacted with and facilitated fascism in interwar germany . 
  [ 28 ] in this case , distressed middle -- class populists during the pre-nazi weimar period mobilized their anger at government and big business . 
  the nazis `` parasitized the forms and themes of the populists and moved their constituencies far to the right through ideological appeals involving demagoguery , scapegoating , and conspiracism . 
  '' [ 29 ] according to fritzsche :  the nazis expressed the populist yearnings of middle -- class constituents and at the same time advocated a strong and resolutely anti-marxist mobilization ... against `` unnaturally '' divisive parties and querulous organized interest groups , national socialists cast themselves as representatives of the commonwealth , of an allegedly betrayed and neglected german public ... breaking social barriers of status and caste , and celebrating at least rhetorically the populist ideal of the people 's community ... any of it sound familiar ? 
  calling out populists and ultra-nationalist for what they are does n't suddenly make you a populist yourself . 
  it 's a very real danger and an exaggeration of representative democracy that can lead to very bad results . 
  people should be very suspicious of any politician that claims the problems of the nation stem from some minority or another , be it racial , ethnic , religion , `` the 1 % '' or whatever the fuck else . 
  it 's pretty much never the case and it 's always simply used to rally support against this imagined enemy of the pure people . 
  populism is n't always bad , sometimes it can be good , but it 's usually bad when it 's directed towards creating hate and division between people and scapegoating minorities or peddling conspiracy theories . 
   cameron should n't be getting shit for calling the referendum - it was better to get it out the way now than it was to wait another 5 years and build up tension further i do n't think that holding a referendum in the midst of a crisis is a good idea . 
  eu support has always varied a lot over the years , it has been pro-remain for most of that time but in times of crisis the anti-eu sentiment always rises somewhere just above 50 % , is that a good indicator of how the people feel in general ? 
  no it is n't , because it was fueled by emotion rather than ration , most people do n't want to leave the eu when things are normal . 
   is the pendulum of male-female social force swinging the other way i do n't know about that seeing as how there 's still a big gap between men and women both politically and economically .
