  gold !, 
  fear mongering like what ? 
  saying that the uk economy will suffer is just a realistic prediction , it is n't controversial . 
  neutral while you 're part of a military alliance . 
  i get it , you want to play the nato/neutral game , depending on how it suits you . 
  nice external politics . 
  you 're the one that fails to understand that joining nato comes with certain obligations , not just rights . 
  the population being divided means that there 's probably at least half that would agree with stepping up our mutual defense . 
  what you 're really saying is that he acted in your interest and those like you , that does n't make you right . 
  the point is not to let them start by showing we wo n't be pushovers . 
  you 're really not getting it . 
  russia is already waging a cold war against us , you probably just missed it living in your fantasy world where we can just leave each other be and everything is fine . 
  russia is waging a massive propaganda war both externally and internally , they have annexed territories not belonging to them , they 're amassing forces on the eastern front , they 're supporting proxy wars and they 're constantly threatening nato countries . 
  waiting until russia is invading you is idiotic and so is what your pm has done . 
  except it works exactly the same as many national governments . 
  you vote for mp 's and then the majority picks the head of the executive . 
   but joining an `` anti-russia alliance '' is just a bad look and completely unnecessary in my opinion . 
  you already did that when you joined nato . 
  what you basically did was join this defense alliance that was made to counter russia first and foremost and then you refuse to contribute to the defense of the region because it might `` paint a target '' . 
  yeah , because being weak as opposed to organized , united and strong , is so much better . 
  so what you 're saying is that they did n't govern themselves very well . 
  but sure , it 's just part of the issue . 
  in the long run that ca n't be avoided , one way or another things always change . 
  brexit could also cost britain hundreds of thousands of jobs and it probably will in a much shorter amount of time . 
  if it is due to improved standards of living , less risk and more individualism , then why would it be a bad thing ? 
  the economy shall need reforming but considering it bad simply because theres going to be a bit less native european people each year is not really an argument . 
  there are more than a billion people with european descent on the globe and the population will likely stabilize again in some point , people are having less children ... not zero . 
  a lot of countries did that with outside support , including mine . 
  you do n't seem to get it , a lot of people really do n't have any choice , that 's a problem . 
  that 's kind of what happens in autocracies , people have their choice taken away , they are ruled by whomever is into power and they ca n't do shit about it most of the time , they 're too busy surviving . 
  wages have gone up for pretty much everyone , it 's true that the top % have profited more but it 's not true at all that all of that gain goes to them , that 's just a populist soundbite that does n't reflect reality . 
  truth is that not everyone has equal opportunities and abilities , some people will always profit more than others from capitalism . 
  life for the common man has improved a lot as well and repeating some magic number like the 1 % like it proves anything is dumb , a lot of people in the west are the one percent when compared to the rest of the world and many of that 1 % create value themselves . 
  the mistake people make is thinking that wealth is a zero sum game , it 's not , value can and always is being created , most of the 1 % did n't steal it from anyone . 
  you mean one side was - kind of - democratic . 
  the south certainly was n't very democratic for example . 
  the differences were obvious . 
  in any case , war can happen in a democracy , nobody is disputing that , but thinking that autocracy is the way to go which is handing over all power to a single person is lunacy , democracies are much stable exactly because they have checks and balances and power is more widely distributed , citizens can actually exercise some amount of control and there 's institutions to prevent abuses of power that simply do n't exist in autocracies . 
  the point was that it does n't matter , there 's violent people everywhere . 
  7 % of a population condoning violence is no news as i have proven with the gallup poll . 
  it does n't matter if the justification is religion or `` national safety '' or whatever else you want it to be , the point is that people find justifications for violence in all kinds of things . 
  christians can condone violence just as much despite the fact that christianity is supposedly non-violent ( it 's not , in the old testament you find loads of it ) . 
  leading your life based on what would jesus do is frankly moronic , i do n't care if it 's jesus of mohammed , religion in itself already creates division and hate even if it does n't officially condone it . 
  in my opinion a far bigger reason for why we see so much muslim extremism nowadays is the whole cluster fuck of a situation in the middle east , i really do n't think that the religion itself plays such as big part as you think , if you would plunge europe into a dark age of war and death , rest assured secularism would quickly fly out the window and you 'd have a way more fundamentalist and violent society . 
  democracies are pretty new as far as systems of government go , especially the modern kind of liberal democracies . 
  blaming democracy for what autocratic regimes that have paralyzed the democratic process have done while in the same breath saying they are more stable is ridiculous . 
  you have to fight to keep your democracy , people just have to learn that , one way or the other . 
  it will get easier the world achieves higher standards of living and education . 
  in the meantime , how about we put blame where it 's due , which is on autocracy . 
  otherwise it 's like blaming the victim for getting raped by the strongman . 
  http://morallowground.com/2011/08/03/gallup-poll-u-s-muslims-atheists-most-likely-to-reject-violence-only-30-of-americans-have-favorable-view-of-muslims/ like i said , careful when over-interpreting such statistics . 
  do you think 100 % people agree on anything ? 
  they do n't . 
  there 's always a few percent going against the grain on anything . 
  there 's no universal agreement on values and the value of human life , not among christians , not among muslims , not anywhere . 
  how exactly do you think all this was possible ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_and_violence there 's lots of violent cunts out there , muslims or not . 
  we europeans and christians have our own idiotic rednecks and criminals . 
  there does n't have to be any scripture condoning it , people will be violent and condone violence on their very own accord just fine . 
  it 's ironic that you mentioned the two world wars , as they were both started by autocratic regimes . 
  that was always and still is the biggest danger , losing grasp on democracy and slipping into authoritarianism . 
  that 's because it 's stupid to put to referendum a very complex issue like that one . 
  look no further than the brexit campaign . 
  it has devolved to insults , lies , emotions and nobody understanding anything , people are basing their decision on their gut instead of factual information . 
  masses of people are not equipped to decide on issues like that , that 's why we have representative democracies where ideally we send the more capable and informed out of all of us to take decisions and not direct democracy . 
  for example the constitution of romania expressly forbids referendums on financial decisions , rightfully so . 
  most people have a very weak grasp on macroeconomics and large financial decisions and they are very susceptible to populism or thinking their household finances apply on the macro scale . 
  in any case , that does not mean the eu annexed anyone , that 's simply put - a lie . 
  wan na bet that a certain percentage of christians would answer the same way ? 
  when studying statistics it 's important to remember that about 10 % of any population is pretty much pants on head retarded . 
  ask any stupid , ignorant , retarded question you can think of and almost always there 's at least a few percent giving you an answer that will scar you . 
  it 's important to remember that while 7 % may have answered that it does not mean they are actually willing to commit violence , beliefs and thoughts are one thing , actions are another . 
  say investors will have a choice between the uk and france , say now the choice is pretty close or slightly in favor of the uk , tomorrow after the brexit , france will suddenly be the more attractive option because it will have the big + of being in the eu single market while the uk is n't , which will weigh in its favor . 
  simply put it amounts to removing a big plus in the uk column of advantages which overall makes it less attractive for investors and business . 
  the uk is guaranteed to lose some amount of investments over this , nobody call tell you how much , but there will be a drop . 
  brexiters are hoping it wo n't be noticeable , the remain camp claims it will bring about a catastrophe . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in the middle , the drop will be noticeable and it will negatively affect the uk 's economy , but it probably wo n't bring about the economic apocalypse either . 
  chasing endless growth is not unsustainable . 
  value can be created and is being created continuously , humans do it all the time . 
  if value is no longer created and growth stagnates or even goes into recession , that 's a very very bad thing . 
  it pretty much means that there 's no innovation , companies are n't been created , people are n't being hired , infrastructure is n't being made , people are n't investing etc. 
  that can not be good . 
  growth has been going on for thousands of years and it has no reason to stop now or ever in the foreseeable future , periods of recession or stagnation do happen because those are the cycles of the economy caused by irrational human actors mostly , but the overall trend has in fact been `` endless growth '' and will be as long as we do n't fuck things up too bad . 
   it 's not made up bullshit to say that the eu has questionable democratic credentials it 's just as democratic as most member states . 
  it works on pretty much almost the same principles , it 's just that you have different nations with a lot of sovereignty instead of administrative divisions with very little of it . 
   it 's not made up bullshit to say that the power of the eu is only growing and it 's not made up bullshit to say that the native population of most european countries is declining this is not made up bullshit but it 's not something inherently bad either , the problem is that it 's very disingenuous how people are playing it up to be such a big problem for all the wrong reasons . 
  the eu integrating more has always been the goal , from the very beginning , if people did n't know that they did n't pay attention . 
  as for birth rates , that 's correlated with individualism and the rise of it throughout all of the western sphere at the cost of collectivism . 
  it 's not inherently bad , it 's basically a direct result of having a more prosperous society with less risk and more freedom . 
  the reason why migrants usually have higher birth rates is because many are still pretty collectivistic in their values , it 's thanks to a lot of reasons , from poverty rates and less education and to the failure of some nations to truly integrate them . 
  it 's however bullshit to blame that on the eu as it has been the failure of nations first and foremost , many of the immigrants are from the former colonies and have been around for decades . 
  leaving the eu might remove some of the inter-european migration , but it wo n't solve the problem of integrating people from the former colonies , it might make it worse . 
   ( ~ 35 % turnout in 2014 , ~ 25 % turnout in 1999 ! ), 
  is n't that a positive thing ? 
  it shows that turnout is increasing and people are participating more . 
  if you mean that sovereign nations have decided to join the eu on their own free will with strong support from the population , sure , the eu `` annexed '' countries . 
  no they are n't , in-fighting , civil wars , revolutions , they always occur in autocratic regimes . 
  in the long term democracies are way more stable , the only problem is that the people need to be somewhat rational , if they 're not then a rational dictator might be better in the short run , the problem is that when dictators die the next one might be an absolute tyrant . 
  in democracies you do n't get to suffer for 40 years under the rule of a maniac . 
  comparing switzerland to bulgaria is fucking laughable .
