   in small countries ? 
  sometimes ? 
  sure but is that a proof of anything or rather exception ? 
  elections have influenced countries both big and small , you are blind if you claim that elections have n't influenced the usa for example . 
  you can keep saying that they 're all the same person , but they 're not , politicians and parties do have different ideologies and act in different ways and elections have always played a role in he usa policy wise , both economically and socially . 
   this shit again - `` be satisfied with crumps thrown at you , do not ask for normal country - because if you want normal country , you want too much '' . 
  in the meantime rich get richer , they do not take crumps . 
  you 're not understanding democracy then . 
  the point is that the majority of people have to want something and also act accordingly , it 's not less of a democracy just because a majority of people decide to vote for people that do n't line up with what you want . 
  it 's not like i 'm not shocked every election cycle when almost half of people vote for corrupt lying assholes , but that 's the nature of democracy and it 's way better than just being ruled by one strong man that has total control over your nation . 
  i never once said that people should be satisfied with crumps , i think it 's a very toxic mentality . 
  i was just pointing out that a lot of people are satisfied and that 's why they keep voting down the establishment line instead of people that actually want to change things dramatically . 
   but but i thought democracy is great , solves problems , freedoms , jobs , money all around for everyone ... now `` yeah slowly but stedily and one day you might be a millionaire '' - are you trying to sell me american dream ? 
  because not even americans believe that shit anymore . 
  democracy and capitalism have lifted way more countries out of poverty than authoritarianism and you ca n't deny that if you payed attention to history or what 's going on in the world . 
  pretty much the whole western world that has a long democratic tradition is way richer , prosperous and more free than countries that do n't , you really think that 's some coincidence or conspiracy ? 
  democracy is not just something that comes with claiming you 're democratic , it 's having democratic institutions that put power in the hands of the people and prevent any one man or party to take total control over a country , which is what russia lacks and why it 's not really a democracy . 
   you know who says things like this ? 
  communists - `` it is not the system that is bad , it is a inside and outside enemy who is to blame , and people '' yeah , not really , did you even live through communist times ? 
  the problem was either some foreign conspiracy or influence that was keeping the country back or `` dissidents '' within the country , which is to say the problem were people that did n't agree with the government or criticized it . 
  these people were thrown into slave labor camps or executed . 
  that 's what happened in romania and pretty much all around the eastern bloc . 
  wealth got nationalized , intellectuals and dissidents were sent to prisons , shot , or worked to death and then the government killed the free press and any opposition so their power would be absolute . 
  communist parties always tried to paint the picture of being the champions of the people , not the other way around . 
  you seriously can not in good conscience compare these systems with democratic ones and claim they 're the same shit . 
  even the simple fact that people are allowed to criticize whomever they want and vote for whomever they want is way more than what you get in most autocratic systems . 
  things like freedom of press and power distribution are also very important . 
  in a functioning democracy the president or the prime minister should n't be able to unilaterally decide to do whatever the fuck he wants , that 's why things like the parliament , the constitutional court and so on exist and that 's why it 's very important to have a healthy political opposition and a free press that can speak up . 
  just because certain media outlets in the west are obviously partisan does n't mean the press is n't free , because there are plenty of other media outlets that do n't support the government . 
  this leads to a way more accurate picture because unlike russia , in the west there is n't any single person or party or ideology that has a monopoly on information and the press , there are very many very different media outlets competing against each other and they all lean in different directions and have different biases , but in the end the outcome is a variety of information and the possibility to get properly informed . 
  the biggest mistake a lot of people make is that they will simply believe everything that one single interest group claims . 
  the point of having a free press is to have many different points of views instead of everyone peddling the same single narrative disguised as some absolute truth , as there is no such thing . 
  except that being a dictator does n't imply taking over by force , a dictator can still be democratically elected if what he does afterwards is erode democratic institutions in such a way that he gets to maintain his power indefinitely . 
  which is pretty much what putin did . 
   a ruler with total power over a country , typically one who has obtained control by force . 
  synonyms : autocrat , monocrat , absolute ruler ; more a person who behaves in an autocratic way . 
  here 's the definition . 
  typically it 's one who has obtained control by force , but it 's not necessarily so . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm curious what objective standards you base your observations on . 
  i 'm from romania as you can see , so i fully well know the difference between democracy and authoritarianism , trust me , the former is way better , even if sometimes people feel under-empowered it 's nothing compared to living in an actual highly authoritarian country . 
  elections do influence outcomes , it 's just that some people want to see a revolution , while most do n't because they like their comfy life and do n't want too much to happen to upset the balance of things , but that 's just how democracy is , it 's not a failure of the system as much as it is the failure of a society to be well informed and take rational decisions . 
  take the usa elections , hillary will probably win even though she will just continue policy as it is for the most part , but it 's still the american people that will decide that , otherwise they can vote from bernie for example , but he 's too `` out there '' for most people . 
  accusing conspiracy theories is useless when there 's a rational and logical explanation that is right in front of everyone . 
  also ca n't argue with my numbers either , but that does n't matter , only the narrative matters . 
  you 're doing god 's work son , piping up that deficitary marketing you were talking about . 
  i ca n't even . 
  right buddy , the usa is exactly like russia , no difference . 
   you have two parties in usa , what opposition are you talking about . 
  they differ on gay issue , abortion and few other non-money related issues . 
  yeah , and a few other issues , like economic , social and monetary policy . 
  exactly the same . 
  bernie sanders and trump are also just the same guy really , so is ted cruz and hillary clinton etc. 
  lol  like fox ? 
  cnn maybe ( btw does anyone watch that shit anymore ) ... oh oh oh i know nytimes maybe ? 
  free press you say ? 
  julian assange ? 
  yeah , it 's called having freedom of press , which leads to many different media outlets with differing points of views and independent journalists . 
  thanks for making my point . 
   2013 russia ranked 148th out of 179 countries in the press freedom index from reporters without borders . 
  also , the financial sector contributes only 7.2 to usa 's gdp , while russia 's natural resources contribute in a way bigger percentage and make up more than half of russia 's total budget revenue . 
   while potus receives all criticism but nobody ( who calls the shots ) gives a fuck first you actually have to be able to criticize in order to change something , if there 's no criticism then people are kept in the dark , which is what 's happening in russia right now . 
   sure and usa is lead by few rich people who control everything and they are here to stay , let 's face it sure buddy , usa is controlled by a few rich assholes , not russia , right ? 
  putin and his buddies are totally not controlling the wealth of the country . 
  you keep on believing whatever you want , because it really does n't take a genius to figure out just how much more authoritarian putin 's russia is than the usa , but that 's fine because in your mind russia will always be the same as the usa . 
  except for you know , in every way that it 's not , which is economically , socially , politically . 
  unfortunately for your narrative , a financial crisis still does n't change the fact that russia is extremely dependent on something as basic as natural resources export and its economy is magnitudes weaker and less diverse than that of the usa . 
  just one more thing to put this argument to rest . 
  russia 's economy is smaller than that of italy , despite the fact that it 's the most natural resource rich country in the world and it has a bigger population . 
  ca n't explain that . 
  oh , you can , you 're just too retarded to acknowledge the shitty state russia is in . 
  you were the one comparing obama with putin which is laughable . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out how much more authoritarian putin is or how weak the democratic institutions of russia are . 
  nope , really not the same thing . 
  obama is n't instating himself as leader of glorious usa for life , like putin has done in russia . 
  in usa there exists this thing called opposition , real one , that actually fights obama and has realistic chances of winning elections . 
  in the west there also exists this thing called free press , where journalists are n't assassinated and jailed for being critical of the government . 
  in russia there is pretty much one point of view in the press , the state 's . 
  putin receives almost no criticism at all , or if he does it 's some small back lash only for appearances . 
  to this day putin is not criticized at all for the extremely bad state russia 's economy is in thanks to how completely dependent it is on natural resource export and the prices of natural resources . 
  why is it so dependent on natural resources instead of having a diversified modern economy ? 
  because it 's easy to control the wealth , to enrich yourself and your buddies , pretty much what putin has done . 
  the economy grows and falls with the price of natural resources and it 's absolutely laughable , yet putin receives no criticism for this strangely and the west is blamed . 
  even in this scandal , instead of asking some serious questions about putin 's corruption , it 's all silence or western propaganda . 
  while in the west , shit like this actually gets out , because a thing called freedom of press still exists . 
  i wonder how long you can keep pretending that putin is n't a dictator . 
  there 's is n't even any real opposition to putin , it 's a one man party political system . 
  so , yeah , a dictatorship . 
  `` most opposition organizations independent from the kremlin encounter a draconian law on political parties , refusals of registration by the justice ministry , censorship in major mass media , primarily federal tv channels . 
  according to vladimir ryzhkov , `` over the last 4 years ( i.e. 
  from 2007 - ed . ), 
  for identical `` formal reason '' nine political parties were denied registration - from left to right . 
  and not any new party was registered . 
  in modern russia , this is not possible '' . 
  maybe try actually reading the articles instead of just comparing titles . 
  the west has every bad thing the russia has , the difference is that russia has way more of it and way less of the good things , like freedom of press , or , you know , democracy . 
  no , the narrative is that the `` west is just as bad '' . 
  it is n't , in no regard . 
  russia 's way worse when it comes to freedom , democracy , economy and pretty much everything that matters . 
  yeah and that 's pretty bad .
