  the sentiment against putin is perfectly justified considering the shit he 's pulling and pretending it 's all okay because we do n't want to annoy him would be a huge mistake . 
  nobody has anything against russia or its people , but a lot of people distrust and fear putin . 
  somehow you 're still not getting that you benefit way more than what you directly spend for these countries . 
  that 's like the whole point of the union . 
  you think it was made as a charity project and it has extended so it can give handouts ? 
  the eu has always benefited from new members . 
  i ask you again , do you think the netherlands is paying more than $ 2.8 billion per year to romania or because of it ? 
  simple question , simple math . 
  here 's the truth , the netherlands has a net contribution to the eu of a total of 8.5 billion euros , now let me ask this , do you think having access to a huge market of 500 million people is worth less to you than 8.5 billions ? 
  all i want is an honest answer from you to this single question . 
  because if you 're exporting 2.5 billions worth to romania alone , i have a pretty strong feeling that you 're benefiting way more than what you 're paying . 
  the 5 ` th biggest exporter in the world that exports 80 % of their goods to the eu is saying they get no benefit ... 
  the insanity that you 're spewing is that your huge exports to the eu are worth less than 8.5 billion per year which is your net balance of what you give and receive back . 
  for reference , the netherlands exports almost 300 billion euros worth to the eu . 
  of course . 
  that too . 
  it 's a shame many of our western friends now think it 's some waste of energy to help others . 
  even though we all benefit in the end . 
  that argument is so simplistic in its views that it 's reducing a very complex math problem to a simple 2 ` nd grade substraction . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the netherlands exports $ 2.8 billions of dollars worth of goods to romania is one good example why your argument is insipid , that 's way more than what you alone pay for the structural budgets that we use up , which is a measly 20 billion euros spread over 6 years between all countries ( including romania ) . 
  you do n't contribute more than 2 billion over 6 years to that budget that goes to us yet your own economy gets to export $ 2.8 billion every year . 
  i guess you have to have a basic grasp of how the economy works to see beyond a simple substraction of funds allocated with funds contributed , but now you ca n't play the ignorant part since i just told you why that 's bullshit . 
  not sure what makes you think that , the eu is so far from the soviet regime they 're absolutely incomparable . 
  we have things like democracy , free press , civil liberties and so on . 
  how are we a money drain to the west ? 
  are you even serious ? 
  if you 're only looking at how many structural funds we 're getting and substracting it by how much we contribute then i could understand your point , but that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  the eu benefits a lot from a market of 20 million people in romania alone . 
  how about poland ? 
  are they a drain too ? 
  you can not be serious with comparing the eu to the soviet union . 
  do you even realize how authoritarian and evil the soviet union was ? 
  they destroyed eastern europe and only with the help of eu we have managed to claw our way back to civilization . 
  if you have no experience with the soviet regime maybe you should n't make ridiculous comparisons . 
  because his family and friends funneling billions is obviously something that went right over his head . 
  this is n't some conspiracy , it 's as obvious as it gets . 
  pretending that 's not the case is an insult to the intelligence and common sense of all people . 
  yes , it 's so strange that the dear dictator putin of russia is getting way more coverage for funneling billions as opposed to icelands pm . 
  that ukraine wo n't manage to lift itself up if the eu gives it a hand for starters ? 
  it has happened in every eastern european country , ukraine is no exception . 
  romania used to be just as corrupt , yet here we are , much better than we were a decade ago . 
  you can say that , or you can say it 's being able to look at the larger picture rather than getting stuck on ultimately meaningless issues . 
  the eu has done a lot of good to all of us and eastern europe has improved dramatically since , people should n't be so quick to forget that . 
  your pessimism is nothing more than a temporary disillusionment fueled by the economic crisis and all the other `` crises '' . 
  closer ties to all our neighbors would benefit us both , it 's a shame we do n't cooperate more . 
  i suspect it 's due to corruption , but we 're working on it . 
  yup and yup , beer is also like 50 eurocents from the supermarket or about 1.5 euros in a pub . 
  it 's a steal for you guys . 
  we need a little optimism , because there is way too much pessimism going around nowadays over petty bullshit . 
  what the eu has managed to build is spectacular in a lot of ways , even if some people have forgotten life before the eu . 
  the eu does way more than just `` sink money '' , it provides a framework for a better functioning democracy which all eastern european countries have benefited from . 
  that 's what ukraine needs and that 's what people want to deny them , the chance to improve just like we did , or poland , or hungary , or the baltic states . 
  what a convenient way to ignore how every eastern european country has progressed enormously since joining the eu . 
  you simply do n't want to give a chance to the ukrainians out of fear . 
  which should be a huge sign of alarm for people , but it 's like they 're sleeping instead of waking up to the real dangers that haunt us . 
  spoiler : it 's neither immigrants nor isis . 
  it gives them a solid chance to improve just like the rest of us have , but i guess that does n't matter to you . 
  it 's something preliminary anyway and it would n't have hurt any of us , but being against it out of principle is more important than giving the ukrainian people the same opportunity we had , that 's how it is right ? 
  yeah , that 's why pretty much all of eastern europe has improved dramatically since joining the eu . 
  your bitching about the eu is really unfair and biased , it does your ass a lot more good than you probably ever thought to notice or learn about , you only see the disagreements and forget all the benefits it has brought to pretty much every country . 
  the ukrainians simply want the same chance the rest of us were given . 
  if people would actually objectively measure how countries did before and after joining the eu there would n't be any debate . 
  now it 's all about getting stuck in petty bickering . 
  i 'm sorry you lack empathy . 
  because being an asshole towards them wo n't help any of us . 
  i agree that it 's sad and i agree the dutch should 've voted yes and extend the same chance to ukraine as it did to the rest of eastern europe . 
  joining the eu has lifted a lot of people out of poverty and has helped consolidate more solid democracies and economic growth in pretty much all of eastern europe . 
  of course not , pretty much every country that joined has developed rapidly , but it 's somehow the eu 's fault that bulgaria has n't made as much progress in fighting corruption . 
  maybe not electing mobsters would be a start . 
   literally challenging putin and thus increases the risk of conflict with russia . 
  that 's basically bowing our heads down in fear . 
  that 's a seriously bad approach to things . 
  the fact is that all eastern european countries have prospered under the eu and it 's a chance we were given and we took with great success , it 's not just poland . 
  romania was corrupt as hell too in 2007 , but since then we have made huge progress in our anti-corruption fight and our economy is rapidly developing as well . 
  it 's sad that people do n't want to give the same chance to ukrainians because they fear immigrants or russia . 
  living with fear is not a good way to live and it 's a slap in the face to the ukrainian people whom are hoping to get the same chance as their neighbors did . 
  uhm , yes they did . 
  ukrainians deserve a chance just like the rest of eastern europe deserved one . 
  we have all prospered since joining the eu and it has done us a lot of good . 
  it 's sad to see that so many people do n't want to extend the same chance to the ukrainians who have already suffered so much . 
  the eu is a thousand times a better place than being all alone or under russia 's influence . 
  it is ridiculous . 
  people here agree with the same people that were bashing romania and calling us all gypsies only a few years ago . 
  now the same sentiment of fear and hate is directed towards the refugees and like a bad joke to see people do the same thing they were subjected to and hated not too long ago . 
  yeah like that 's a good reason . 
  eastern europe has prospered since joining the eu , our living standards are much better and so is our democracy . 
  that applies to hungary as well . 
  it used to be a much poorer country with ways worse infrastructure a decade ago . 
  the eu could give a solid chance to ukraine in order to improve , just like many other eastern european nations have improved a lot after being accepted . 
  for all the anti-eu sentiment going around lately , people have forgotten how much the eu has helped all of us progress together and how it gave a lot of countries a real opportunity towards a functioning democracy and economy . 
  every nation in the eu has grown a lot after joining and ukraine should have that chance as well . 
  it feels like people are busier being scared than actually working towards our common project , which is a shame , because it truly is something spectacular what the eu has achieved so far . 
  why are most people fed up with the eu ? 
  you act like people ca n't get past resentments . 
  you also act like this is something the majority of people in the eu feel , which is just not true , most people do n't carry around resentments for other countries , we 've been freely living together and a lot of people like it . 
  there 's a segment of the population with views like that and there always was , but that does n't mean jack shit , romania joined the eu in 2007 , you ca n't say that has anything to do with any war . 
  being in the eu is a sentiment a lot of people share and always did , but we had an economic crisis which led to a lot of tensions we 're still feeling today , the fact that russia is also trying to throw a wench between us does n't help and neither does the rise of the far right because of the refugee crisis , but the doomsday scenario will never come to pass , because too many europeans are rational and progressive enough to see past the bullshit it all is . 
  brothers sometimes bicker , but if it really came to russia invading the european union , people would get their shit together fast . 
  you understimate us severely if you think we would just take russia invading lying down .
