  it 's been a tactic used since the time of the ussr , financing extremist movements and helping them out with propaganda , money and anti-west/establishment mentality is pretty effective when you 're trying to destabilize and change the political course of the nations you see as your enemies . 
  funny thing is the only reason why it works in the first place is because western countries are liberal-democracies with strong protections of free speech/free media/political parties and discourse , so they ca n't really shut down these processes . 
  countries like russia or china would have no problem censoring certain media outlets or shutting down political opposition , but if anything like that were to happen in the west , people would ( rightfully ) go bananas . 
  these protections are very important to our democracies , but they are also weaknesses in certain ways . 
  same thing with the whole immigration/terrorism crisis really ... they 're both exploiting the nature of our liberal-democracies , but smart people realize that it 's way more important to preserve those rights and values than to give them up for a false feeling of safety from external and internal enemies . 
  why are you still talking about `` exploding '' the world market ? 
  russia is a small economy on the world scale that relies almost entirely on energy exports . 
  any exploding that would occur would be that of the russian economy , as your deficits would indeed explode and nobody in their right mind would lend you any money to cover the deficits either . 
  by that point putin 's only choice would be to cooperate , slash state salaries/pensions and social programs dramatically and probably create a revolution , or threaten escalation , but the last choice is n't going to be very effective either since russia can not hope to defeat nato in conventional warfare , so the only thing russia could threaten is nuclear war . 
  so i guess the real question boils down to whether putin is insane enough to start a nuclear war because of ukraine or would he rather cooperate ? 
  the rest are clearly not viable options . 
  north korea has a fair amount of resources as well , that does n't mean shit when you 're led by crazy authoritarian leaders and the whole world isolates you . 
  you 're already suffering from that , you should be way richer than you currently are due to your size , geographic location and being the richest natural resource country in the world , instead , countries like hungary already have a higher gdp/capita than russia and even romania is set to surpass you soon enough . 
  unfortunately most people living in russia do n't seem to realize that it might be because of your own shitty authoritarian leaders and not because of the evil west . 
  as in the reunification was bad for germany ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  that probably would n't have happened for a while longer if not for the cold war . 
  i thought for sure they have tourists . 
  let me guess , because of tourists ? 
  i mean you say that but , that shit is what keeps those places alive and gives people a living . 
  the alternative as a local is n't a tourist free place you can enjoy even more , the alternative is a dead town with no local economy . 
  yeah , done by a small elite over a long period of time . 
  mostly it was just what the first guy said , poverty , famine , disease , violence . 
  i love thinking about the past and imagining how life was and stuff , but people romanticize it way too much , it was very bleak in many regards and i like to acknowledge that , the grittiness of it makes for a better and more realistic picture . 
  every time i see some nice fortification or castle one of the first things i always think of is how many people must 've died needless deaths and how scared people must 've been when seeing some huge army lay siege to their castle . 
  not literally , of course . 
  it 's a thing of pride/ego-mania/narcissism or whatever you want to call it . 
  he wants to make it seem like russia is a big player like the ussr was , that is not the reality of things , but it 's good pr for domestic consumption and for the useful idiots in the west that look up to russia 's flavor of conservative-nationalism . 
  in any case , russia does n't want moldova to succeed , that much is certain . 
  putin may not care much about moldova past the pride thing , but he does n't want it to succeed and see the eu and nato further encroach upon russia 's sphere of influence either . 
   the eu is becoming the fourth reich . 
  lol . 
  good luck having anyone take you seriously if that 's the way you want to argue . 
  you must 've missed the part where putin has wet dreams about the ussr and still feels like russia should have a sphere of influence and a buffer zone between them and nato . 
  here 's another piece of shocking news , russia also wants ukraine to be as poor and fucked as possible and they 've been wanting that long before the euromaidan , for the same reasons . 
  it makes for politicians that are way easier to control and there 's zero risk that they will be able to join the eu or nato . 
  in any case , why would russia want that when they themselves are corrupt as fuck . 
  well , yeah , before the economic crisis , during the peak of the boom . 
  the macroeconomic situation in france was n't looking good after the crisis began , and unemployment went up for everyone anyway . 
  however , because of said labor laws , it never went down again for them , they 're just really not very encouraging towards hiring new people . 
  strict labor laws , unions . 
  france is just generally a bad place to hire people since it 's so hard to fire them and with the whole 35 hour work week and everything else it 's just a bigger risk than in other countries with more flexible laws . 
  their productivity and skill does n't seem to compensate that enough . 
  the new labor laws should help in time . 
   helped a few people and completely ruined the country , odd and retarded indeed !, 
  completely ruined the country ? 
  holy batman hyperbole . 
  i 'm pretty sure sweden is and will continue to be one of the best places to live on earth , but do n't let that ruin your circlejerk about sweden being ruined . 
  putin does n't seem to want to play ball though , while iran did . 
  that would be for the best , but it wo n't happen , the west is way too dependent on russian gas . 
   it is much harder to look for positive news . 
  there 's positive things happening in the world all the time as well , but journalists have figured out a long time ago that a plane crashing is going to sell way more papers than a pilot that saved a plane from crashing . 
  i agree with the rest of your post though , information is presented extremely superficially and nobody really takes the time to educate people . 
  i think it 's a big reason why conspiracy theories are so popular and why most people have such a simplistic take on things . 
  it 's pandering to the lowest common denominator all the way down . 
  that 's what it is . 
  that 's what politics is as well most of the time . 
  well , that might easily be explained by the fact that journalism as a profession attracts more liberal people and that urban and highly educated people are more liberal relative to the general population as a rule . 
  just saying . 
  some of that contradiction also comes from the rise of the alt-right ideology which is down-right demented , and i wo n't ever apologize for saying that . 
  however , the media is already playing into the fears that people have and that by itself i think proves that all the `` msm '' media really cares about is profits , they 're large corporations and that is their purpose . 
  fear sells , so i do n't think there 's some major cover up of the `` negative '' view , i think that if anything all of the crises we face are often overblown to sell newspapers . 
  our perspective is very different . 
  i do n't think that people need even more fearmongering and coverage of every damn rape and crime or terror attack that happens , i actually think media is more biased in the sense that they mostly report negatives instead of positives overall . 
  the people are scared because all they see is scary things happening , not because it 's rational to be scared that the refugees are gon na rape and kill you . 
  articles that humanize them are thus seen by some as the msm pushing an agenda instead of viewing them as a part of the balance that exists in the media overall and of the situation in itself which is n't black or white . 
  as long as you 're not conflating the refugee crisis with mass immigration that 's all well and good , but way too many people are . 
  however it does n't seem like the choice is between bad and bad , it seems like it 's between a non-choice and a choice ( bad or good is very subjective ) . 
  how about you stop being a single issue voter ? 
  that could help you make up your mind way easier . 
  single issue voters seem to always cling on to some topic that they think the whole world revolves around , which completely ignores the complexity of the world and society . 
  politicians did n't break the social contract because many people were quite pro-immigration until not that long ago and liberalism has been mainstream in western europe for many years . 
  you 're confusing a comeback made by conservatism and regressive ideologies with politicians in the past not doing the will of the people , but it pretty much was the will of the people , since they 're the ones that elected those politicians in the first place . 
  the only choice now is what do we do with the reality we have instead of the one some people wish . 
  unless you plan on holocaust # 2 , you ca n't undo what 's already been going on for decades . 
  sometimes going back is not an option and it leads to way worst things than never doing something in the first place . 
  there 's positives and negatives to everything , focusing on just the negatives and wishing things would be how they were 50 years ago or whatever is not going to solve anything . 
  it 's simply irrational . 
  again , what exactly do you understand through msm media ? 
  because i made the point that murdoch media is just as msm as the rest and they 're quite against immigrants for many years now . 
  i think that you 're just confusing msm with whatever liberal leaning views you do n't agree with . 
  i guess you 're right though that liberalism is quite mainstream in western europe , but conservatism is making a pretty strong comeback in all of the world so that 's `` reassuring '' . 
  you 're talking about people being brainwashed while accusing some conspiracy/agenda of pushing multiculturalism on people . 
  honestly , it 's ironic . 
  the media is n't some single entity in the first place , in democratic countries there 's left leaning , right leaning , pro-government , anti-government and many others . 
  murdoch 's media is as mainstream as it gets and it has been spewing anti-immigrant and not just anti-immigration rhetoric for years . 
  it is n't just about the brexit , it 's about catering to certain segments of the population . 
  i find that people believing all the alt-right crap are usually way more brainwashed than the average person and they will believe any fucking conspiracy theory as long as it conforms with their views about white genocide or whatever the fuck . 
  this whole multiculturalism being a goal in itself and the msm brainwashing people is just one of their talking points . 
  what you call the `` msm '' are simply more liberal leaning newspapers you do n't agree with , right-wing media is often more if not at least as mainstream , it 's just that it seems hard for some to grasp that some people might not actively hate immigrants or lump them all as criminals or freeloaders , or that some people genuinely feel like it 's our duty to help others , even if it brings some amount of harm to us - good outweighing the bad . 
  the world is a very complex place and if you try to explain it through simplistic conspiracy theories you just end up looking ridiculous towards anyone that understands at least a bit of the complexity of things . 
  it 's called living in a society . 
  we all make compromises when living together . 
  fact is that nobody asked you , nobody asked any of us , but we have all signed the social contract , it 's inherent to us as social beings that live in organized units . 
  if you 're from one of the former colonial powers of western europe , i guess you could say your ancestors took that decision for you in the moment after they colonized most of the world and then decided to give those people citizenship , and it 's the same for everyone everywhere . 
  now that it 's all said and done , the rational answer is to make the best of it . 
  the other option would be for you to change your worldview , too bad people are way too tribal for everyone to accept that in the end we 're all just humans sharing a rock hurtling through space . 
  on the other hand things are getting better with our anti-corruption efforts . 
  things take time to change and it is n't easy . 
  people just want things to be better now , and they just want to see it happen without really making any real effort .
