  cereal , milk preparations : $ 50.4 million 10 . 
  organic chemicals : $ 48.7 million you ca n't with a straight face tell me ukrainian 's would n't buy any of those things . 
  70 million is a lot of mouths and believe it or not they too have a middle class and an upper class . 
  now i gave you even more arguments , let 's see if you 'll even acknowledge any of them . 
   hell no , i 'd rather not have everything stolen . 
  but that 's no excuse . 
  yeah . 
  exactly . 
  that 's how most people think . 
  you see no correlation between this and why most are poor and uneducated ? 
  i know a family that lives in the woods with like 3 kids , how do you think those kids will end up ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's more than 1 % but whatever , not really the point . 
  the point is that you will still in all likelihood gain more than you lose , just like you do in greece or romania , even if it 's not 100 billions , it 's a few billion . 
  you 're sliding into hypocrisy if you get outraged about spending a few billions but then completely ignoring the few billions you stand to gain because that 's not even 1 % of your exports . 
  so come on , at least tell me the real reason you do n't want to help ukraine , because it 's obvious it 's not about a few billion euros either way . 
  that 's such a small amount after all . 
  yeah ok let 's do this , would you give one a job ? 
  let a gypsy girl watch your kid and babysit maybe ? 
  how about hiring him in your store ? 
  you 're greatly exaggerating what the netherlands alone would be paying . 
  first of all ukraine wo n't be able to access our treaty for a very long time , before joining the eu they have to show some amount of economic stability . 
  structural funds would be what we 'd be paying . 
  the netherlands contributes 3.78 % to the eu 's budget . 
  for example , it provides about 125 million euros worth to romania every year , while it exports 2.5 billion . 
  ukraine is not really poorer than romania was when it joined the eu . 
  believe it or not , in a population of 70 million people , there are in fact plenty that would buy some dutch product or another . 
  ukrainian 's are n't some shack dwellers in sub saharan africa . 
  you 're seriously underestimating such a huge market , even if it 's pretty poor , they still have needs . 
  in any case i assure you that exports would surpass contributions . 
  yeah and again you are making the assumption that the netherlands has n't gotten more than 12 billion euros back in how many years of free trade ? 
  oh yea , like 35 years . 
  [ the netherlands exports 2.5 billions of euros worth of goods to greece every year . 
  ] ( http://www.worldsrichestcountries.com/top_greece_imports.html ) you 're being very short sighted by seeing only the money you spend and never the money you stood to gain in all these years . 
  it 's like paying your employee 500 euros per month while he buys 1000 euros worth of stuff from your company and then bitching you 're paying him too much because you forgot that he buys your shit . 
  the union works because overall it benefits all members in some way or another . 
  it started as a free trade agreement for a reason . 
  it 's just that some people have forgotten all about the good things and only concentrate on the bad ones . 
  boo we spent 12 billion , but never woo we probably gained 50 billion . 
  every new trading partner to the eu begets larger exports , especially for big net exporters such as the netherlands . 
  ukraine is a huge market , the exports could total towards 10 billion euros per year for the netherlands alone . 
  the eu stands much more to gain financially than it stands to lose by spending a few billions . 
  it would help germany , france , the uk , maybe even my country . 
  it could be the boost we need to get out of this economic slump . 
  suddenly having 70 million people start buying more eu produced things could lead to a nice amount of economic growth . 
  the good thing is it only gets better if we also manage to stabilize ukraine and it starts growing economically . 
  the netherlands needs something to boost its economy , spending 100 or 200 million euros on ukraine would easily be outweighed by the increase in exports . 
  well then , in that case , the eu might have made a mistake by accepting greece and not supervising them closely enough , but that 's not a reason to not even try to do things better the next time around , or try , period . 
  too bad that 's just not how economies work or countries . 
  you ca n't just save every person in your country and ignore everything else until that happens . 
  first of all because you wo n't be able to help every person , second of all because what happens outside of your country has a massive influence on your country as well , whether you know it or not . 
  having a stable ukraine and a russia that understands it ca n't go around invading sovereign nations is something the eu should work for , it 's not some all or nothing deal in which we either help our own poor people or we help the ukrainian 's , the world never worked that way and never will . 
  it 's hard to see the big picture , but ultimately helping a country like ukraine might have a way more positive impact than not helping . 
   you clearly do not understand what is at stake . 
  how bad the netherlands , as one of the founding eu members , looks right about now . 
  let me just take a moment to have a copious laugh at this . 
  the netherlands has one of the highest standards of living in the world , you live in a country that would be a dream to live in for most people on this earth ( including me ) , and yet you 're claiming he does n't get how bad you have it . 
  to the ukrainian guy out of all people . 
  this is the equivalent of a guy driving a brand new bmw complaining to a homeless dude that just got shot about how his $ 5000 leather seats do n't match the color of the car . 
  sorry but i had to say it , i actually felt insulted reading that even though it has nothing to do with me or my country . 
  btw , i 've been to amsterdam twice last year , really nice city . 
  you people need to wake up , i understand you have problems in the west too , but it 's seriously dogshit compared to what ukraine is going through . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a reason to vote yes , but crying about how bad you have it is unreal considering how good you actually have it by every metric . 
  maybe get out into the world more and see for yourself . 
  your argument is pretty much `` let 's all fear russia and bow our heads down '' . 
  the whole point of the eu accession process is to put it on its feet and make it so it meets the standards needed , so your argument about ukraine always being some corrupt hellhole is bullshit . 
  so what remains ? 
  yeah . 
  let 's fear putin . 
  great principle to live by . 
  you just do n't get it , it 's our culture to be corrupt stealing assholes . 
  it 's our own fault for being poor . 
  things ca n't change because eastern europeans are genetically corrupt . 
  do n't you know ? 
  surely it has nothing to do with being under soviet regime for 50 years . 
  or you know , in ukraine 's case , it 's 70 years . 
  the problem is that i feel like much of the west is pretty much ready at this point to let us get eaten by wolves because they do n't wan na upset putin . 
  this sounds retarded but sometimes all it takes is someone that is just a bit less evil/corrupt than the one before for things to move forward . 
  i 'll give romania 's example again because that 's pretty much what happened in our case , we started off with a bunch of ex communist party members and secret police members that took over the whole country , then we got some guy that may not have been as corrupt , just incompetent , then we got the first corrupt guy again , then we got a less corrupt guy , we joined the eu , bam , suddenly anti-corruption is a thing now and we managed to elect a cleaner guy than the last one . 
  today , things are actually looking like they 're moving towards something positive . 
  it comes out of frustration so as to not be associated with them , which is still dumb and usually stems out of racism . 
  they 're romanians of course and we failed miserably at providing any kind of integration . 
  discrimination against them is still huge and people are very racist against gypsies . 
  i 'll tell you why . 
  because a lot of people are ignorant dumb asses . 
  you 're welcome . 
   i 've been to romania , it was interesting to see how some parts are rich and people show their wealth to a degree that i do n't understand how they afford all of that ( jewelry , fancy cars , expensive clothing ) like in any country , not everyone is poor , even if a large part of the population is . 
  corruption in the 90 's and early 00 's made a lot of people rich , they became the new elite , then they taught their kids to do the same . 
  things are only now starting to change as more and more of that elite is being prosecuted . 
  hopefully this will lead to a better distribution of wealth and to a better management which should lift more people out of poverty . 
   for example taking a 30 minute cab ride was like 10-15 euros , how can the driver afford gasoline , maintenance on his car , and earn a living wage like that ? 
  on the flip side of the coin , nobody would even ride a taxi if the prices were higher . 
  they do n't earn much , but a lot of people do n't even earn that much . 
  in part it 's compensated by the costs of living , and in part it 's compensated by having lower living standards than most westerners . 
   do n't you feel like it 's a bad thing that many young and educated people are leaving romania to work in the west ? 
  who is staying to make sure you progress further into the right direction ? 
  who is staying ? 
  a lot of other people ? 
  it 's not like the whole country got up and left . 
  most people that left did so because there simply are n't jobs in whatever small town/village they were born in , i see nothing wrong with that , they have a chance at leading a normal life instead of being unemployed alcoholics like many of those too old to leave or adapt . 
  a lot of them are willing to come back eventually , it 's not some doomsday scenario .
