  when people say the goal of isis is not to kill civilians , what they mean is that it isnt a goal in itself , it 's merely a method to accomplish their actual goals . 
  the catch is that in order to accomplish those goals , they need the help of the very citizens they target , this is where the terror element comes in and ehy the definition of terrorism is to cause political change through terror . 
  fear causes people to take irrational decisions , it makes them become more hateful and paranoid , thus moving isis closer to their actual goals . 
  what do you do with traitors ? 
  you jail them . 
  that isnt what profiling is . 
  do you even history ? 
  population growth has been going down while wealth has increased . 
  europe doubled in population after ww2 , even though most countries were still very poor and ravaged by the war . 
  so like , do what is already happening ? 
  or what do you mean by target . 
  why does it make sense to target a group exactly ? 
  if they commit 500 rapes and native germans commit 2500 rapes , how exactly does it help tgr victims to target a group ? 
  rape is a general problem and campaigns against it dont need to `` target '' anyone . 
  patriotism is encouraged everywhere . 
  nationalism , as in the hating your neighbors and thinking you 're the hot shit , is indeed a thing in ee , more so than in we . 
  i 'd say so , especially after his tour in the us , germany and france . 
  iohannis was on the right side of some important issues recently . 
  it does n't have to be your fault specifically , but tens of millions of votes were cast in those 30 years towards politicians that kept raising deficits , promising unsustainable wages and being too cowardly to reform the country because populism is a good way to get votes . 
  while politicians are too blame too for their populism and lack of viable campaign promises , it 's also the people 's fault for believing the lies so easily , because what you want  reality . 
  so no , it might not be your fault specifically , but your nation , as a collective , has voted in populists that kept on giving and giving , instead of voting for more balanced politicians that do n't promise the stars and the moon , but rather stable macroeconomics . 
  first of all if he tries that , he 's going to lose massively in the referendum for impeachment , and then he really will have absolutely no credibility left . 
  he will probably doom psd for years to come to mediocre results where only their most hardcore ~ ~ sheep ~ ~ supporters will vote for them . 
   yes , economic crises are inevitable . 
  but when an economic crisis under a capitalist economic system it 's illogical not to blame the system itself for the crisis . 
  i propose that it 's due to human nature , and not due to any one economic system . 
  communism had its share of economic crises too , with devastating consequences . 
  furthermore , i 'm not sure what you 're arguing ? 
  are you arguing that we should go full socialist or what ? 
  also , i edited my previous point , explaining that even if you believe the eu is a promoter of neoliberalism , the eu can hardly be blamed for the housing bubble collapse and the subsequent american banking crisis , so i do n't see why you would blame the eu for the 08 economic crisis . 
   but when an economic crisis under a capitalist economic system it 's illogical not to blame the system itself for the crisis . 
  it 's not illogical if you 're saying `` in capitalist systems the economy is cyclic '' , it 's however illogical to say that economic crises would not happen without capitalism or that we would be better off without it . 
  in the end , economic crises are usually nothing more than the irrational exuberance of people in a certain market finally crashing down and balancing itself to normal levels . 
  while the results suck in the short term , some argue it 's not bad in the long term because the economy ends up being better balanced and more efficient . 
  you also seem to make a distinction between an economic bubble and an economic crisis . 
  but economic bubbles bursting are what cause economic crises , just saying . 
  so was the great depression due to neo-liberalism too ? 
  how about the 99 dotcom crash ? 
  economic crises happen , it 's pretty much inevitable , slapping a `` neoliberal '' label on it does n't even make sense . 
  the housing bubble has built up over a long time and it had very little to do with neoliberal policies , and everything to do with bush wanting `` every american to own a home '' . 
  sure you can blame the banks , but even in that case , prior to 2008 pretty much everyone thought investments in housing was as safe as it got . 
  hindsight is 20/20 , and there 's no single cause to it anyway , much less something as abstract as `` neoliberal policies '' . 
  it was a combination of many factors . 
  the eu is also hardly a promoter of `` neoliberalism '' , the us and the uk are way more neoliberal . 
  the eu is also hardly to blame for the housing bubble collapse , whether you think it 's a promoter of neoliberalism or not . 
   yeah , there is . 
  ending it . 
  it would be ideal for greece , but like you said it 's not that simple . 
  that money came from somewhere and people do n't really like giving hundreds of billions in charity . 
  the compromise is going to end up being something that can be sold to the people of the eu . 
  in the end , as much as you want to blame the eu or germany , it 's not them that got greece into this mess , and borrowing money in exchange for some guarantees of getting it back does not equal blame , because that 's just how lending works . 
   beats having austerity for the next 100 years . 
  that 's rather pessimistic . 
  greece wo n't have austerity for 100 years , at a certain point inflation and economic growth will easily outpace the debt and i 'm sure that you will get more debt restructuring , even if it 's after the german elections as you say . 
  at least there 's something to be done about austerity , there 's no going back from bankruptcy . 
   it would imply great demand for money which would suggest that there are many possibly profitable economic activities to be started . 
  low interest rates short of implies there is a weak economy . 
  or it would just mean that the state sucks at handling banking activity and they need to charge high interest in order to not hemorrhage money . 
   even though they basically can print money i mean , that 's not how it works , you 're putting it very simply . 
  how much money is created is regulated by the state already . 
  banks ca n't simply create money and pocket the profits . 
  in fact , many banks are not even as profitable as you seem to imagine , considering how many people they employ and how big their revenues are . 
  there 's the simple answer , saying even a chimp could do a better job , and then there 's the more complicated answer , that maybe banking is n't quite so simple . 
  but hey , who am i to contradict someone that thinks banks are literally worthless . 
  so you 're saying that banks for profit should n't exist and that the economic activity that banks fulfill should be done by the state ? 
  problem with that is that you seem to assume a state would be better at running a bank than a private corporation . 
  while that may be true when it comes to building roads , because we 're talking about massive investments without immediate returns to however builds them , the same is n't true for banking activity . 
   suppose for example if you could go to your central bank and loan at the same rate as banks , do you think that would create economic activity of course it would . 
  but why do you think that would be preferable ? 
  in a hypothetical world where that is true , you might find that interests are even higher in such a scenario . 
  you seem to think bankruptcy is a good alternative . 
  yeah , no debt , right ? 
  bankruptcy is terrible and it 's very hard to recover from it . 
  austerity was a better alternative , if the greek government would 've worked more efficiently on implementing reforms , i guarantee greece would already be back on track with a decent economic growth and probably debt restructuring in the future ( which they already got in part ) . 
  although i do agree that it is an alternative , i just did n't include it because it 's an extremely drastic one . 
  having a few years of austerity is way better than bankruptcy , for everyone . 
  having perpetual austerity because your government does n't want to reform the state is maybe worse , but i doubt it . 
  bankruptcy would mean that pretty much everyone 's lifesaving would go down the drain , nobody would lend greece another penny for at least a decade and it would probably cause hyperinflation too and massive shortages . 
  some of the west is also fighting against those things so ... some people also support maniacs like this guy . 
  it 's sad when people do n't realize they 're the people they hate . 
  why do n't you use your own brain instead ? 
  austerity happens in countries that do n't really have another option . 
  nobody is going to lend hundreds of billions to a country that does n't reform its economy . 
  it 's not just a guaranteed money loss , but you 're also only delaying the inevitable . 
  spending too much is what got greece in this mess , not spending too little . 
  that 's why there 's no alternative . 
  actual productive economic activity would be much diminished without banks . 
  banks have a very important role in any economy , they redistribute capital from those that do not currently use it to those that do . 
  it 's all about efficient capital allocation . 
  without banks to do this , think of how many companies would not have even existed in the first place , let alone expand and grow . 
  yeah it does exist , and actions like this only make it deeper . 
  ca n't believe people are seriously defending a terrorist attack just because it was committed against muslims . 
  no but it does kind of confirm the whole `` the west hates us '' rhetoric that islamists like to use in order to brainwash people . 
  actually austerity has worked in a number of countries , including romania . 
  now we 're back to strong growth , after achieving hard earned macroeconomic stability . 
  we implemented drastic measures pretty fast in the crisis , like cutting all public sector wages by 25 % early in 2010 . 
  at that point the greek government was still dragging its feet . 
  your bias is showing . 
  austerity was the only option , it 's not anyone 's fault that greece missed its chance to implement reforms and start growing again , but their governments . 
  have you considered that maybe the greem government is to blame as well ?
