  no , i asked which countries ride his dick ? 
  and which countries are that ? 
  this is gon na be hilarious . 
   idiots like you are hated with passion in my county sums it up pretty nicely . 
  i pity you and your hatred fueled community , it must be so frustrating to be you . 
  tax evasion happens everywhere , and junker is no trump . 
  and yet you guys still elected trump . 
  lol . 
   proof of what ? 
  i did n't make any claims . 
  you claimed he bribed politicians to create the flaw . 
  or is that not a claim because you put a '' ? '', 
  at the end of your accusation ? 
  we 're glad you 're not afraid to express your political beliefs , that way we can all tell what a dumbass you are . 
   ontinue telling people how we are backwards barbarians , how we should forget our language , culture and embrace fucking globalization , how our religions is oppressive lol . 
  i 'd argue that murdoch has a lot more influence in politics than soros , being the owner of major news outlets in the anglosphere means that you have a lot of say in molding public opinion . 
  meanwhile soros has fuck all influence with his ngo 's , unless you believe the retarded conspiracy theories about him funding every protest the right wing does n't agree with . 
  it 's not that hard to be genuinely popular when you control most of the mass-media and information flow . 
  putin is n't terrible because he is unpopular , he 's terrible because he manages to be popular through fucked up games . 
  it 's not about promoting interests , it 's about people being hateful cunts that want to actively hurt others . 
  exactly what i was talking about , no rational or founded arguments , just personal feelings based on ... what ? 
  rose tinted views of the past . 
  the standards of living are much higher today than what they used to be . 
  real incomes of citizens are much higher , the luxuries they can afford are much greater , life expectancy is much higher ( which is why the population is older as you point out ) , access to education , healthcare , you name it . 
   economies continue to stagnate just no . 
  look at the facts , not towards your personal feelings , the economies of europe have been in continuous growth since ww2 , with only small periods of decline or stagnation . 
  you 're confusing the ` stagnation ' caused by the global economic recession of 2008-2013 with stagnation in the long term , which is false , the economies of every european country have at the very least quadrupled in the last decades . 
   comparative decline the only `` comparative decline '' there is to speak of is is caused by the rest of the world catching up , which is normal , it 's much easier to achieve high growth in underdeveloped countries than in well-developed ones . 
  a 2 % gdp growth for a country like spain , france , germany or the uk is very good , while countries like china need to grow 7-8 % per year just to catch up , while still being a long way off in terms of gdp/capita and real income . 
  yeah , it is , for many reasons that anti-austerity people ca n't seem to comprehend , like the fact that we went through the biggest international economic crisis since the great depression , which was in part responsible for leading to ww2 . 
  i think all in all we did much better this time . 
  i also ca n't see the * obvious * connection between ( ( ( globalists ) ) ) , the eu and austerity but i 'm sure you have a theory for that . 
  if you 're implying another economic recession is going to hit the world , then you 're right , it will , but it does n't mean it 's going to happen next year or the year after that , it 's just as possible that there will be 5 or 6 years of growth . 
  economic recessions inevitably happen , but that 's not a reason to have this doom and gloom attitude . 
  furthermore , the 2008 economic crisis was a big one that is n't likely to happen again for a long time , smaller recessions do happen every 6-10 years or so , but the last one that was as big as the 2008 one was the great depression in 1929 . 
  with the current acceleration of technological development we 're seeing today , i think it 's very likely that there will be quite a few decades of strong growth ahead of us , with the occasional small to medium recession between . 
  of course it 's all very hard to predict and nobody can tell for sure , but major world economic crisis ' on the scale of the 2008 one happen very rarely . 
  maybe because liberalism is what lead to the prosperity , liberty and relative peace in the western world you see today . 
  the only thing that is failing is people 's brains when they buy into every far right/left conspiracy they are spoon fed and being convinced that the west is failing in order to elect extremists . 
  well , guess what , it was n't the communists , fascists or any kind of far left or far right ideologies that built the europe we have today , it was liberals and moderate conservatives . 
  seriously , the west is a very good place to live , electing people that threaten to upend the current system are n't proposing a better one , they 're proposing archaic political paradigms mostly based on fear and hatred , of elites , immigrants , muslims , you name it . 
  every time this argument comes up , nobody explains in a rational manner why that needs to happen , seeing as how the west has the highest living standards in the world . 
  it 's always just bs arguments about the globalist elite wanting to kill white culture . 
  furthermore , it seems like your solution is to elect far right populists in order to set the west back 70 years , while thinking of the good old times that never really existed . 
  people that think things used to be better view the past with rose tinted glasses , while forgetting about all the bad things . 
  then again her support might very well drop as well if the french economy starts improving , together with the eu economy . 
  being an anti-something is fucking retarded . 
   most people do n't need to show up to vote because others will vote against le pen for them . 
  relax . 
  lol you ca n't be serious . 
  if most people do n't show up to vote for macron then le pen will definitely win , because her supporters will turn out . 
   that means if a company is hiring let 's say a 100 people with a 50 % split but people are n't hiring with a 50 % split , so there goes your theory . 
  that 's so stupid . 
  there was a study made in britain showing exactly this , it affects the bottom 5 % negatively because they compete the most with immigrants while bringing net positive benefits for the rest . 
  awkward if you 're really french . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing , but it is a bad thing when it combines with far right ideas . 
  the new deal in the us is a good example of `` good '' populism , while the demagoguery shown by today 's hard right populists and their continuous exploitation of racial and ethnic tensions for political gain is toxic as fuck . 
  obviously you do n't subscribe to this point of view because you 're already convinced they 're ( the immigrants ) are getting what 's coming to them and deserve it all as they 're some cancer to your lands , but to those with more foresight it 's obvious this kind of rhetoric will bring even more problems instead of fixing them . 
   opening borders with poorer countries leads to wage stagnation and high youth unemployment - check you 're retarded mate , that 's now why wages have stagnated in the last decade and it 's not what causes unemployment . 
  have you heard of this thing called the 2008 financial crisis ? 
  it was kind of a big deal . 
  also real wages are currently increasing again and unemployment is dropping in most countries . 
  also it 's been proven time and time again that immigration brings a net positive to the host economy , while it is true that it has a marginal impact on those in the lowest rungs , the bottom 5 % working unqualified and menial labor that end up competing the most with immigrants , it 's also true that overall it definitely brings positives , for the rest of 95 % of society . 
  thing is tho what right wingers do n't seem to get is that there are other ways to help those in the bottom 5 % without stoking fear and hate against immigrants . 
  the problem however is that most people on the right also hate helping the bottom 5 % , as you yourself have shown to be against social security and safety nets . 
  so establishment just means `` are n't as nationalist as i would like them to be '' . 
  globalism is also not an agenda , it 's a fact . 
  it happened because of the progress of technology and it 's going to continue happening as the world becomes more interconnected . 
  going full-retard and drinking the nationalist kool-aid of the last century while also stoking fear and hatred against minorities , elites and `` establishment '' is n't going to stop globalization , unless the real goal is fucking up society so bad that it sets us back 50 years . 
   why is it solely our responsibility and why should we be forced to take on the huge risk of failed integration ? 
  it 's not and like i said there 's way more refugees in the neighboring countries which are also much poorer and far more inept at ensuring their safety . 
   it 's not that exceptional a situation if you consider the entire world it kind of is though , how often did you see a refugee crisis on this scale in the past few decades ? 
  besides the war in kosovo i do n't think there were any other . 
  syria is close enough to europe to make it our problem whether we want it or not , the fact that it 's on another continent does n't mean that much considering it 's neighboring turkey which is often considered european . 
   with the funds currently being spent to house , feed , police and educate/train them in the west , it would have been easy . 
  not really , infrastructure takes way more time to build and it 's not just an issue of money . 
  people are afraid of terrorism and shit but terrorism is n't caused by the refugees from syria , it 's caused by many other reasons which are only loosely related to the refugee crisis . 
  all in all it 's a complicated matter , but populists have managed to turn it into a silly race war or religious war . 
  your worldview seems to be based on shit tier memes made by conservatives and the far right . 
  it 's an exceptional situation , it would 've taken years until the west would 've `` done '' something meaningful to protect them close to syria . 
  the french can do something productive about the situation they are already in regardless of how they got here or they can bitch and whine and continue stoking the fires of fear , hate and ethnonationalism . 
  i 'm sure the latter has a good chance of ending well . 
  a few thousand drowning does not even hold a candle to the number of deaths that would have happened had europe not taken in all tjose refugees last year . 
  people like to ignore the fact that many countries around syria are absolutely drowning in refugees and had germany and northern europe not helped with the refugee crisis italy and greece would be in deep shit as well . 
  well first of all liberalism does n't mean close to big business , second of all i do n't know why anyone would want nobodies with no experience as political leaders , working at a big bank and dealing with big business does at least give you some useful skills , although his experience in politics is more relevant in any case . 
  this brings me to my next point , that it is less important what you used to do before running for political office and it is more important what your intentions are and how honest and realistic you are about them . 
  that 's why i will always look down on the likes of trump , but not because he 's an estate magnate , it 's because he 's exactly the scummy ceo type that will lie and cheat his way to the top . 
  with macron it does n't seem to be the case , so judging him solely based on the fact that he worked for a big bank dealing with big business is imo unfounded and very counter-productive . 
  it 's just pure anti-elitism and class warfare , which is always bad . 
  woah it 's almost like working at a big bank puts you in connection with big business . 
  the fucking horror . 
  this anti-elitism is retarded . 
  ca n't believe it 's come down to people using this shit as an insult . 
  far right does n't mean nazism . 
  nazism is far right , but it 's a part of a whole and not the other way around . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong though , fn is n't necessarily far right , it 's more right-wing populist than anything . 
   right-wing populism , a political ideology often combines laissez-faire , nationalism , ethnocentrism and anti-elitism is often described as far-right . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] right-wing populism often involves appeals to `` common man '' and opposition to immigration . 
  but it 's worth mentioning that right-wing populism is pretty closely connected to the far right . 
  i guess nobody expected trump supporters to be that loyal to him , which was a big mistake .
