  it is , but having import tariffs only works so well . 
  if people in agriculture want to be payed 2000 euros/month or something crazy like that for picking cherries , europe can not compete in a global market , it just ca n't . 
   the reason people wo n't do that work for such low wages is that while they are working on that they 're not seeking something that is more permanent and once you factor in the price of accommodations and travel it may not be worth it those are just excuses to not have to do hard work . 
  working is always better than sitting at home for years searching for that `` golden opportunity '' , we all have to start somewhere . 
  if someone is not qualified enough to get a better job like others , then he has to start with something , and something is better than nothing . 
   immigrants have to make a lot less because they live in a place that is much cheaper so even after a more expensive travel cost it is worth it for them . 
  immigrants live where the natives live while they work there . 
  immigrants have it even harder because they take pay cuts by abusive employers and they also have to send money back home while having to live in the country they work in . 
  you do n't need immigrants . 
  the only reason immigration is encouraged is because of an aging population and because nobody wants to reform the pension systems we have in place , which are self-defeating and require more and more people to be sustainable . 
  yes but you should also ask the question if your countries are doing everything they can to successfully integrate them . 
  letting them congregate in ghettos with shit schools and no jobs is not the way . 
  i understand the netherlands for example has done a good job around amsterdam for example . 
   what if ... a constitution could be wrong ? 
  funny how it 's only wrong now that we have to deal with muslims . 
  protection of minorities and equality before the law are very important democratic principles , it goes beyond a simple law and are very closely related to functioning democracies . 
  what you 're advocating is taking our societies back to pre ww2 levels just because you ca n't stomach having to take in some muslim refugees . 
  i have no inclination to have an argument with someone that proposes we regress back a century before the declaration of human rights , because you obviously have way different concerns than i do . 
  for you it 's all about keeping europe pure or whatever the fuck , for me it 's about respecting basic democratic shit like the rule of law , equality before the law and not disregarding our constitutions based on shit , fear based reasons . 
  have a good day . 
  enjoy being on the wrong side of history . 
  dude , women should have a right to work , the fact that the choose to do so is n't bad . 
  my whole point was that sometimes giving other people equal opportunities may seem bad for you in the short term , but the whole world stands to gain in the end . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  of course not 100 % of women want to have careers , but considering women are 50 % of the population , it 's enough if most of them want careers to have a massive inflation of workforce . 
  again , i do n't think this is a bad thing , it 's just different , now it usually takes 2 people to sustain a family instead of one , but if women want to work , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  and why would n't they ? 
  being dependent on other people is not something people should want . 
  refusing to work because the wages are too low when there 's so many people that are willing to work for far less may be a problem with you , not with immigrants . 
  people want cheap food , they want cheap legumes and fruits , if people were to hire very expensively payed workers the prices would skyrocket and the whole industry would tank as people would just choose to buy much cheaper turkish produce for example , or even romanian . 
  then what are you going to do ? 
  ban imports from other countries ? 
  now if you go even further than that , you may say that we should just be an autarky , but that has proven to be a very bad idea and we would fall massively behind the rest of the world . 
  but hey , at least people would get a better pay in agriculture . 
  for a while . 
  agriculture is very basic and you need absolutely no skill to work there , it 's hard work , but it 's not specialized almost at all , which is why the wages are also low . 
  paying someone that only knows how to pick cherries the same wage as someone working in it or something would be retarded . 
  this is n't some massive conspiracy , it 's just basic economics . 
  the problem lies with the fact that people have become so entitled they 'd rather not work than work for a lower wage . 
  that 's the real problem right there , but very few seem to acknowledge it . 
  the term unemployed translates to a person which is looking for a job but does n't have one . 
  if you 're not actually looking for a job , you 're counted as ` inactive ' not unemployed . 
  it 's fair because it would be ridiculous to say people that are n't even looking for jobs are unemployed ( someri ) . 
  they are inactive . 
   basically all of it outside isis territory and baghdad is safe , e.g. , the shiite areas and kurdistan . 
  yeah , if you ignore the very frequent terrorist attacks and and being a stick throw away from isis as safe . 
  sure . 
  not to mention that you have absolutely no guarantee how `` safe '' the region stays when half the country was taken over by fucking isis . 
  that 's not very encouraging now is it ? 
   when we 're talking about hundreds of millions of migrants . 
  maybe you 're talking about hundreds of millions , because reality sure is n't . 
   but emotional arguments are not really useful disregard any kind of morals and laws ( different side of the same coin ) . 
  good . 
  these `` emotional arguments '' basically boil down to the fact that the laws we have ratified , our constitutions and our way of living is based on equality and non-discrimination , which means that we ca n't and should n't turn back refugees based on their religion or ethnicity , but rather put them through the asylum verification process and grant it to those that do need it . 
  it 's not an emotional argument , it 's a democratic argument , it 's about rule of law , it 's about non-discrimination . 
  emotional arguments is what you 're using to disregard the former because it suits us . 
   the rational thing to do is simply return them to a safe part of their horrible continent . 
  there is n't really `` safe parts '' , there 's `` relatively more safe '' , but that 's still disregarding the issue of not having any right to force other countries to take them nor the issue that we do n't even know which countries they come from to send them back to without first putting them through the verification process i 've mentioned . 
  law and democracy are on my side and their side , people just want to disregard them because they do n't want muslims on the continent , it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's your problem whether you choose to be on the right side , the lawful side , the moral side , or if you choose to be on the alarmist , nationalist , xenophobic side that is willing to throw our constitutions and international treaties out the window just to not let any muslim immigrants in . 
  not to mention the insanity that is the fact that not even all of them are muslim , but people wan na turn away everyone just to make sure . 
   my dad was a carpenter and my mom stayed at home , still we had two cars and a detached house in the suburbs . 
  exactly , your mom stayed at home . 
  the fact that most women did not work and now they want to have careers has had a massively bigger impact than immigration , in just a few decades half the population of the country has started to want careers , which has led to an absolutely massive raise in available workforce , way bigger than that created by immigration =  employers can pay lower salaries . 
   they probably will . 
  few countries are in such total war that there 's no safe part it 's clear you have no idea about the reality of their situation , you 're typing from your comfy little house far far away from war and death and telling me that it 's not so bad to live in syria , iraq or afghanistan , failed states with no government control in most of the territory , civil war , terrorism and little to no healthcare , education , or even food . 
  but there 's totally `` safe parts '' . 
  tell me . 
  when you 're confronted with that reality , where does your instinct tell you to go ? 
  to some other unstable country 200 kilometers away , or as far away as possible to countries which are safe , stable , and magnitudes more prosperous . 
  blatantly ignoring human nature and the desperation of people to get away from so much death and suffering is nothing short of disgusting . 
  i 'd love to see you live in their shoes for at least a month , tell me about how good it is back home and how you would n't wan na run away to europe . 
  home being failed states ravaged by war and countless factions fighting over control . 
  yes . 
  i 'm sure they will return there . 
  ignoring the fact that at the very least more than half of the refugees are from syria , afghanistan and iraq is very convenient . 
  you promise ? 
  well , i guess that 's good enough . 
  problem solved guys . 
  i 'm sure international politics are based on what you promise . 
  not actually that homogenous and we have no problem with that except for the usual ultra-nationalist idiots . 
  we even have a pretty big muslim community in constanta and they are very well integrated . 
  we also have a large hungarian minority in transylvania and a pretty big gypsy minority as well . 
  romanian culture is n't dying and neither are the western european ones , pretending otherwise is dishonest and alarmist just for the sake of argument . 
  you know what really is pathetic ? 
  your post . 
  because syrians are the only legit refugees ? 
  lies and lies . 
  syria and afghanistan make up half and both are warzones and failed states . 
  http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/10227/production/_88578066_asylum_applications_eu_2015_624.png here 's who asylum is granted to . 
  the top 4 out of 5 are warzones through and through . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png here 's a map clearly showing most are from syria . 
  if that does n't make them refugees , then you 're delusional . 
  same with iraq , afghanistan , eritrea and many other failed nations . 
  it has very little to do with poverty and a lot more to do with failed nations , war and death . 
  what exactly does a vast majority mean to you ? 
  yeah and you were responding to the guy that claimed it 's not very safe if you go by statistics . 
  it 's called continuing the conversation , stop getting your panties up in a bunch . 
  it 's completely logical and expected for people that can to choose to flee to western europe rather than other shitholes such as turkey . 
  that does n't make them `` not refugees '' , it makes them people .
