  quite the opposite in fact . 
  none of us can read minds , but then her father did give her a 6 million loan so ... what does that tell you ? 
   yours is completely irrational and delirious if you think romanians are the reason behind italy 's economic power . 
  oh , you mean like inventing arguments i have n't made in order to prove your point ? 
  sounds pretty irrational and delirious to me . 
  show where i said that . 
  here is what i ** did ** actually say . 
  i said that romanians contribute more to your economy than what they cost your economy . 
  i also said that italy benefits more from romania being in the eu than what it gives to romania through structural funds , which is believe it or not very little for italy personally and can be very easily calculated . 
  so what i did say is that romanians and bulgarians help your economy , as in they contribute more than they cost if you factor in everything . 
  your only counter-argument was that hurr durr romania is a net receiver of structural funds while italy is a net contributor so that ca n't be true , which i already explained why it 's dim witted and close minded . 
   i 'm not even going to reply to that . 
  of course you 're not going to answer that . 
  you already believe we 're all a bunch of criminals so then how can there be hard working people generating value for the italian economy : o shocker i know . 
  it 's impossible to argue with someone as close minded as you that thinks everything is measured in two indicators you can easily copy paste to `` prove '' your point . 
   italy is a net giver to the eu while romanian gdp is growing with that fast rate because is net receiver . 
  this argument again ? 
  it 's like , how closed minded do you have to be to think that the economic benefits of the eu are purely tied in how much each country contributes and receives from the budget of the eu ? 
  italy contributes fuck all to romania compared to what hard working romanians generate for italy 's economy or how much you export to romania . 
  is that really your argument ? 
  hillary clinton won the vote by about 2 % , well within the margin of error of most polls in the last few days before the election . 
  the brexit polls were also all over the place with some showing leave as winners and others being off by a few percent . 
  the point was to illustrate that the will of the people changes and that the fact that leave won by 4 % does n't mean that the brits always wanted to leave the eu . 
  the trend in the polls clearly shows that is not the case with support for the eu rising and dropping , but mostly being positive over the years . 
  i mean it really is just common sense that would be the case . 
  you have to be pretty dim to think that leave always had 52 % support while remain always had 48 % with nothing changing over the years . 
  maybe you too can admit that 2015 really was n't a good year for the eu and that may have something to do with leave having a slight edge . 
  if you do n't want to admit it , then you 're not really looking to have an honest argument anyway . 
  then again , i should 've figured this out as soon as you started pretending to be some expert on the will of the people and talking about the `` establishment '' . 
  that is bull . 
  if you look at approval ratings for the eu you will see that in most of the last 30 years it has been positive . 
  the will of the people is a fickle thing , not a constant etched in stone . 
  48 % wanted to remain and if you wouldve asked the question 2 years ago or 3 years later its very likely the result wouldve been remain . 
  did you even read the single paragraph i told you to read ? 
  yeah dude , everything bad happens in your country because of romania and bulgaria . 
  how about you fucking grow up ? 
  italy has way bigger issues and always did , like the mafia . 
  romania and bulgaria , if anything , helped your economy . 
  yet you did join the eu . 
  the idea of a united europe was n't hidden from you , it was public information found in official treaties of the ec as early as 1957 . http://www.hri.org/docs/rome57/preamble.html just read the 2 ` nd sentence and the following . 
  the uk joined the eu because they were in dire straits , but apparently you only did it for the $ $ since your country never really gave two shits about the fundamental ideas that drove the eu forward . 
  i 'm glad you left to be honest , the uk was always this big loud voice shouting no despite begging to join the eu in the first place . 
  people are n't mindless sheep . 
  they may not fully grasp what is going on , but you can bet your ass that the people that voted for the nazis , and indeed german ( and european ) society at large , were very antisemitic back then and were not particularly bothered by the nazi rhetoric . 
  the lack of education and the easy appeal of populism and making the country great again were definitely big factors , so was the economic hardships germany was facing , but people did know , they knew fully well how the nazi party stood on jews and they were n't particularly bothered by it either because they believed half the insane shit the nazis were saying about them themselves . 
  my point is that antisemitism was quite mainstream back then and people liked what the nazis were selling . 
  it really does remind me of what is happening today regarding muslims and all the people that are talking about dealing with the problem and voting for politicians promising that . 
   let alone that voting for nazis because they promise to make the country great again is different than voting to exterminate jews . 
  it 's a weak excuse . 
  people did n't vote for the nazis because they promised to make the country great again period . 
  they voted for nazis because they promised to make the country great again by getting rid of the * problem * . 
  everyone knew what the problem was according to the nazis . 
  if anything it 's just a classic example of people pleading ignorance to deflect responsibility . 
  well , you have to understand , far-right sentiments are pretty favorable right now throughout the west . 
  it 's sad but some people will do a lot of mental gymnastics to get out of acknowledging how toxic ideologies like nazism truly are and how normal people just like them can support monsters . 
   well no ... the question is complicated by the fact that bosnia is subsidising the education of these doctors then losing that investment that 's a simple way of viewing the problem . 
  hey , it 's my opinion too . 
  how can you be so blind to all of the insanity and lies spewed on those subreddits ? 
  of course people are going to judge you based on your reddit activity when any sane person knows the cesspools those subreddits represent . 
  people on the_donald absolutely love to cling on to any small circumstantial bullshit in order to justify insane left-wing conspiracies while they fail to notice the very `` conspiracy '' they 're in the middle of , which is that groups of interests are taking advantage of their hate and naivity to push their agenda in order to further their own-self interests . 
  like , it 's insane people have been convinced trump is some working class hero while he fills his cabinet with billionaires and promising them the biggest tax cuts they 've ever gotten . 
  that 's the only real `` conspiracy '' based on very real facts , but i have little hope that those people are going to wake up and see what 's right in front of them . 
  meanwhile , trump is going to gut social services , kill things like the epa or planned parenthood , and create the `` right wing paradise '' every billionaire is salivating at , while hurting millions of real working class americans . 
  why do n't you judge it based on the content instead of claiming anyone that says something bad about russia is just using lying propaganda . 
  when have westerners become russia 's useful little idiots ? 
  russia is dangerous and they 've been waging an informal ( information ) war against the eu and the usa for a few years now with the clear intent on creating tensions and divisions through financing extremist movements and backing them up through their media outlets . 
  psd&alde are n't anti-eu , they 've started using some elements of nationalist rhetoric in this campaign , but they 're just a bunch of hypocrites doing it for those extra votes . 
  for better or worse , psd did lead romania into the eu . 
  nice deflection of all responsibility . 
  well , it is in fact the fault of your government , in part . 
  what the uk did in the middle east in the last century and with the war in iraq in this one , does have consequences to this day . 
  sorry you ca n't see that . 
  if i had one wish , i would wish for all people to pull their heads out of their assess and apply a bit more thinking in their life . 
  going to a good school and meeting people that will help you later in life is n't the same fucking thing as a farmer with a primary education being put in charge of a huge national company because he 's buds with the party secretary . 
  and you think that without capitalism those kids would have a better life ? 
  they 're not slaves , they work there because it 's the best living they can make given their circumstances . 
  capitalism has literally lifted billions out of extreme poverty . 
  just ask india if they prefer communism over capitalism . 
  you are confusing life being shitty for some living in capitalism with capitalism itself being the fault for that wit . 
  you 're the perfect example of a westerner living in a bubble detached from reality that has the luxury of criticizing the evils of capitalism while idealizing broken systems that have lead to economic disaster and starvation . 
  it does n't really work like that in romania , people love the west and the eu way too much to let dragnea fuck it up for his personal ambitions . 
  dragnea ca n't be nominated as pm because there 's a law forbidding that . 
  they `` love '' each other because they 're helping each other out to get some form of power . 
  once they 're in power though , i 'm 100 % sure they would stop loving each other and start finding reasons to ramp up tensions . 
  it 's pretty reasonable to see russia , as in the highly authoritarian state run by putin , as very dangerous to europe . 
  we do n't live in comic book world though so evil is a bit childish . 
  it 's not just my observation , but of course it 's an observation , not even in nazi germany did people openly advocate for killing jews . 
  it was always about ` dealing with the problem ' and the ` you know who 's ' causing germany 's problems . 
  i wonder , will people continue to close their eyes until people start getting hurt ? 
  suit yourself mate . 
  believe it or not . 
  you think it 's just concerned citizens talking about border control , which is indeed the case for many , i think that in some cases it 's not just that , which is very worrying . 
  the line has been passed quite a few times in this very subreddit with people calling for refugees to be shot outright , some are not very subtle like that . 
  the people i see talking about dealing with the problem certainly are n't talking about stricter border control . 
  it 's much more menacing than that . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't see what 's happening around you , but there 's a very real wave of fascism on the rise . 
   can we please talk seriously about multiculturalism without primitive propaganda and political correctness ? 
  can we please talk about it without using populist political buzzwords with the clear intention of painting it negatively ? 
  multiculturalism is n't a goal , it 's a fact , it 's a way to deal with something that we already have . 
  multiculturalism in the west is the consequence of their colonial past mostly , it has nothing to do with some ideology of having diversity just for the sake of it like the far right has been trying to paint it as .
