  take this proposal for example . 
  any rational person realizes that all this will lead to is a generation of illiterate criminals that live outside of society , why the fuck would you want that ? 
  well , if you 're fn you would want that because it is in your highest interest for these foreigners to be as uneducated and as undesirable as possible , because that 's what would get them more votes . 
  however , you ca n't say that directly , so you veil it under the pretense that illegals should n't be benefiting from french money , which actually is very easy to swallow for a lot of people and it ` makes sense ' , but in reality it 's a very cold and cynical calculation that they made and know they will benefit from . 
  unfortunately , the results of this ` sound good ' policy will be absolutely toxic and terrible for society . 
  it 's a step back , not the end of the fight . 
  trump is temporary and i 'm like 99 % sure he 's going to lose re-elections simply because he wo n't have anyone else to blame but himself for the inevitable gaffes and failures of his administration . 
   the famed `` educational process '' in person i 'd lean heavily towards the second option . 
  really ? 
  where the hell did you go to college , pakistan ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there was no left wing brainwashing where i went to college , unless you consider teaching basic principles of democracy such as equality for all citizens as a `` left wing '' issue . 
   left-wing extremist parties actually happen to be over-represented in those social categories , which is certainly a curious phenomenon going against your hypothesis . 
  source ? 
  i do n't really believe that 's true , unless you 're seriously stretching the definition of what a left wing extremist party is . 
   other than implying that he wants them to change their mind . 
  you just see what you wan na see , the only thing he `` implied '' is that better educated people tend to vote less for these parties , which is absolutely true . 
  if you think education is just brainwashing i 'm sad for you . 
   the poster i replied to is literally suggesting brainwashing through `` education '' in order to change political opinions of large chunk of population , and somheow it 's me you are suggesting of `` conspiracies '' . 
  hillarious . 
  no they were not , that 's the assumption you 're making because you do n't want to accept the very simple premise that education does in fact influence the way people vote , there are multiple studies backing this up and they always show the same thing , these extremist parties are always under-represented in the higher educated social categories . 
  i wonder how much you actually looked into these issues before making such statements , because if you did you could 've seen for yourself that this holds true whether we 're talking about the us and who voted for trump , or the uk and who voted for brexit , who voted for hoffer , who votes for jobbik in hungary and so on . 
  the poster you were responding to gave absolutely no hint or indication that he wants to brainwash people , if you accept his premise , however wrong you think it is , that better educated people vote for these parties in smaller amounts , then it is very easy to see that he did not in fact talk about brainwashing , but about actual education , since there 's already some amount of evidence backing up the fact that education , not brainwashing , does in fact change voting patters . 
  which is funny because his activities are pretty well known , it 's not like some big secret has been uncovered by these people , everyone that has looked into him knows he funds ngo 's that promote liberal values , but some people get so triggered by this they have to make up shit about his motives like him wanting to destroy white people or something . 
  dude , it 's true . 
  any romanian with two brain cells knows this . 
  alde has nothing to do with the actual european alde , they 're only in it to gain some amount of credibility , which they are severely lacking . 
  calin tariceanu , their leader , is the president of the romanian senate , where his party and psd hold the majority . 
  they have , in the past two years , blocked numerous requests made by the anti-corruption directorate ( dna ) to investigate corrupt politicians , in spite of the recommendations of the judiciary commissions of the parliament . 
  they have done this with the clear goal of trying to make the job of the prosecutors as hard as possible , or impossible , and for no other reason . 
  he frequently makes attacks on the justice system and especially dna . 
  their party is nothing more than a bunch of corrupt assholes protecting other corrupt assholes from the arm of the law , that is pretty much their only real goal . 
  and as if this is n't enough , investigators have found that this ridiculous piece of fake news was concocted by a dubious `` news '' website owned by a construction company in targiu jiu . 
  guess who owns the construction company ? 
  it 's two brothers , one of which is a member of alde and being investigated on corruption charges . 
  it 's just a coincidence i 'm sure . 
  here 's the link if you 're interested : https://lucianmindruta.com/2016/12/06/unde-duc-firele-stirii-false-cu-ciolos-fiul-lui-soros/, 
  the conspiracy theory is n't that he donates to ngo 's , that 's real and it 's the bait used to hook people into believing the conspiracy parts , like this one that ciolos is his son for example . 
  it 's obviously insane , but some people will believe it . 
  you keep talking about brainwashing people while you fail to understand the very basic nature of the relationship between education and critical thinking . 
  your whole diatribe is based on the completely idiotic assumption that education does nothing to improve one 's critical thinking skills and it 's all just a brainwashing machine . 
  nobody was hinting or saying that people need to be educated to vote a certain way or like certain political ideologies , it 's about giving people more knowledge and better tools to make decisions . 
  how fucking anti-intellectual must you be to be against that ? 
  you refuse to accept even the most very basic of assumptions such as that rural areas are on average less educated and that education is correlated with critical thinking . 
  you 've basically rejected even the most basic and common sense of assumptions and replaced them with your own insane assumptions about codespeak and brainwashing . 
  how can anyone still have an argument with you at this point when you utterly reject even the most basic of truths and replace them with conspiracies ? 
  are you even being serious ? 
  i really ca n't tell . 
  romania can neither afford nor does it need to put military installations in alaska , the us actually can defend itself and i do n't think alaska is under any threat , so what was even the point of that question ? 
   the money is completely wasted because you all can defend yourselves . 
  based on your expert military opinion i 'm sure . 
  we ca n't actually defend ourselves alone , that 's why we joined nato . 
  before you say hurr durr then why are we allied with you , it 's because the us would rather have a buffer of friendly nations in europe than be all alone , it really is n't all that hard to get , plus , leaving a power vacuum means it 's going to have to be filled up , and luckily your government is n't that stupid and naive as to think that it can just be isolationist and nothing will ever affect you . 
  the only reason americans have died away from home in the past 20 years is because of iraq and afghanistan . 
  it had nothing to do with nato , that was all you , and the brits . 
  why do n't you put blame where it 's due ? 
  thank bush and the republicans for being a bunch of warmongering cunts . 
  my , how original , yours is only the billionth reiteration of the age old moronic trope that all opinions are equally valid and correct and that the only reason people might make such observations is because they simply do n't * agree * with them . 
   there are many educated people living in rural areas , and there are many uneducated people living in urban areas . 
  ever heard of averages ? 
  the average rural inhabitant is 100 % less educated than the average urban dweller , any statistics made on the subject can confirm this . 
  common sense alone should tell you that much . 
  it ai n't even an insult , it 's just an observation . 
   as for `` possesing critical thinking skills '' , that 's not a really a trait depending on a place one happens to inhabit either . 
  except for the obvious fact that it 's linked to education levels . 
   his statement was a thinly veiled version of the condescending `` i dislike that there exist people who have different opinions from mine ( and thus obviously wrong ) no , his statement was a pretty direct and not at all `` veiled '' observation that people with lower education levels and thus weaker critical thinking skills are more susceptible to demagogic populism . 
   and hope there will be action taken in order to change their opinions to the ones consistent with mine ( and thus obviously correct ) '' mindset that seems so prevalent lately . 
  indeed , we all hope that there will be action taken , as in that the quality of education should improve even in rural areas , so that people might posses better tools for critical thinking , and not as a means to brainwash them as you are hinting that we want . 
   mindset that seems so prevalent lately . 
  yeah , the mindset that people need to think more carefully of the choices they make . 
  the horror . 
   ignorance is neither exclusive to `` rural and low-educated people '' , nor to the voters supporting the part of political spectrum op happens to dislike . 
  this is the only correct thing you said so far , it 's a shame that it is an utterly meaningless statement though , since any reasonable person is aware that ignorance is not * exclusive * to any group . 
  however , you seem to not be able to grasp that ignorance might be more widespread in certain groups than others , especially if ya know ... those groups are less educated on average . 
  wow . 
  it 's almost like it all makes sense and it ties together and it 's not just people insulting others for their totes just as legit opinions that they just do n't agree with . 
  you 're trying to paint people being concerned that a part of the population seems to be easily swayed by these demagogues as something bad , when it really is n't by any reasonable standard . 
  you 're basically objecting to the fact that we want a better education system that teaches better critical thinking skills like it 's some evil plan to brainwash rural inhabitants . 
  yeah , because obviously people living in rural areas are all very well educated and posses tremendous critical thinking skills . 
  surely there ca n't be any truth in what he said , it would mean that your political opinions might come from a place of ignorance rather than critical thinking . 
  well yeah , you can blame bush for that , rightly so , i blame him too , but that does n't mean i think it would be better if the us would just hide under a rock , it really would n't be . 
  the us has potential for a lot of good , not just bad , it 's a shame bush had to happen and iraq happened , but most people are willing to look past it because the us does a lot more good than any of the alternatives . 
  the answer is for the us to become ` better ' in a sense , not for it to retreat back exlusively inside its own borders . 
  yeah , i know that , i have seen that , but that does n't mean these views are grounded in reality . 
  i 'm not sure how else i can go about saying this , but many of your people are naive and seem to think that all their problems are going to be solved if they just shut out the rest of the world and the people they do n't like . 
  it just does n't work like that . 
  things can be way worse than they are , way way worse . 
  what you 're seeing now is n't some epitome of a disaster , it 's pretty much the best off the world has ever been , because the world has always been a pretty shitty and violent place , much more violent than it is today . 
  most of the violence in 2016 is reduced to some terrorist attacks here and there , which is sure as hell a much better state of affairs than all out wars with millions of casualties . 
  that still does n't change the fact that you guys have elections , and people decide to vote for these people . 
  scapegoating allies is all well and good , because maybe it 's hard for you to accept that half of america , at least the half that cares enough to show up to vote , does n't really want social security , because ` socialism ' and socialism is bad mkay ? 
  i mean , that 's the reality of your country , you can blame us all you want , but you still wo n't get social security in the way you want it unless a majority of americans vote in that direction . 
  you seem to be missing the point as well , it 's your own citizens that are voting for people that want to increase military expenditure and cut back social services , not us , not nato , not anyone , but your people . 
  this is non-sense , it 's not like politicians are aliens from another planet , they are from the ranks of your own citizens , voted in by americans . 
  i know it 's popular to pretend the us is an oligarchy where people have no say , but when 50 % of the country votes for candidates that vow to dismember social security and increase spending for the military , you ca n't just pass it off as it being the fault of your allies . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the real cause might just lie in the fact that many americans do n't agree with social services because `` muh communism '' and would rather have an attitude of `` fuck you i got mine '' rather than pay higher taxes in order to afford stronger social safety nets . 
  did n't trump vow to massively cut taxes ? 
  yes , he did . 
  well , you ca n't really have social security when you cut taxes to half and seeing how almost half of america voted for him , they must agree that others do n't really deserve `` handouts '' . 
   where ?
