  the term is commonly used to describe nazism , [ 1 ] neo-nazism , fascism , neo-fascism and other ideologies or organizations that feature extreme nationalist , chauvinist , xenophobic , racist , or reactionary views just read what the far right means , it will be easy to identify these parties as fitting most of those things . 
  human rights are n't god given , you are right , they must be fought for and then we must fight in order to keep them . 
  it took centuries to obtain the freedoms and rights we have today , but people are willing to set us back decades by voting far right parties . 
  that 's the whole problem . 
  too bad . 
  people should be concerned about the far right gaining power , but you are right that many are n't . 
  for the wrong reasons in my opinion , but that 's no surprise considering that most people do n't know much about politics , history , democracy and so on . 
  they 're hearing what they want to hear , mostly on this one big issue , and that 's enough . 
  i do n't know why you keep making excuses for them . 
  what they 're doing and saying is very deliberate and it does n't seem to be the infancy of anything , it seems to be the culmination of their efforts to at least seem to be a bit closer to the center in order to be electable . 
  this is n't even about the more ridiculous elements in their party , it 's their platform in the year 2016 . 
  giving examples from decades ago is not really valid . 
  in many of those things we did n't really know better 30 years ago . 
  that 's no excuse today . 
  people are quick to blame muslims for their backwards views , but they should close their eyes to the backwards views these parties have ? 
  please . 
  there is no excuse to be denying climate change in the year 2016 for example . 
  it 's clear what their attitude is . 
  it 's anti-scientific and anti-rational , emotional and reactionary , regressive in nature and tribalist . 
  30 years ago their views may have been more normal , but going back 30 years is definitely not normal knowing what we know today . 
  furthermore , their ultra-nationalistic views were hardly normal 30 years ago , quite the contrary . 
  this is the far right today , i do n't see why people keep denying it . 
  just because their not literal nazi 's does n't mean they are n't far right . 
  although i 'm pretty sure some of their members would not be averse to that comparison . 
  it 's not about germany having to save the world through their renewable energy push , it just shows the kind of people and party they are . 
  that 's the most important thing you should take away from that . 
  they clearly have anti-scientific , anti-environment , anti-minorities , against anti-discrimination , anti-choice views . 
  they are regressive on pretty much most issues . 
  if people wan na go back in time they should at least realize that often means negative things . 
  yeah suit yourself . 
  vote for idiots like these . 
  unfortunately you 're naive enough to think they will act in your best interest , but parties like these never do . 
  we 've tried the far right many times , it always leads to very bad things happening and to a lot of regression and destruction . 
  but hey , let 's try it again right ? 
  this time it will be different . 
  it 's not like these parties are very authoritarian in nature and undermine democracies and the rule of law once they get into power . 
  have you even read their program ? 
  it stinks of far right ideology . 
  people are certainly not saying that simply because they are anti-immigration . 
  they are saying that because their whole program is very traditionalist , nationalistic , anti-immigrant , anti-abortion , anti-scientific and climate change denying , anti-lgbt , anti-minorities ( they specifically claim to be against anti-discrimination ) and much more . 
  almost everything in their program stinks of far right . 
   climate has been changing for as long as the earth has existed . 
  climate safety policy is based on faulty computer-models of the ipcc ( `` world climate council '' ) . 
  co2 is not a harmful substance , but a vital component of all life . 
  they deny climate change . 
  98 % of scientists agree it 's real and it is caused by humans , that we are literally destroying our environment and hurting our very own future existence , but these guys are like `` nope , co2 good '' . 
  it 's absolutely ironic that they talk about preserving german culture and tradition , while at the same time supporting a view that can potentially lead to the extinction of the entire human race if we do nothing about it . 
  it 's more than ironic , it 's mind-blowing . 
  they would rather see us all perish than have a less `` foot down your throat '' german culture . 
   we 're against the propagation of homo - and transsexualism in class and the ideological influence through `` gender mainstreaming '' . 
  the traditional family image must not be destroyed . 
  our children must not become the puppets of a loud sexual minority . 
  like fucking what ? 
  they believe people can be turned gay through ideology . 
  enough said . 
   the afd opposes the ideological complex imported from anglo-saxon spheres [ ... ] commonly called `` gender mainstreaming '' , `` diversity '' , `` anti-discrimination '' and so on yeah , anti-discrimination . 
  such a bad thing . 
  i 'm surprised they did n't outright mention `` racial purity '' or something . 
  no mixing man . 
   we demand that the goal in practice of pregnancy conflict consulting [ ... ] is the preserval of the life of the unborn and help for the pregnant woman instead of abortion . 
  the afd [ demands ] , if abortion rates are not drastically sinking , to change the law to better protect the life of the unborn yeah . 
  fuck women 's rights . 
  they 're all about family , it 's just that they want to force women to have a family whether they want it or not . 
  fuck choice . 
   for the occidental , christian culture great , more traditional bullshit . 
  fuck the fact that more and more people want less religion , we 're going to impose more of it . 
  why be secular when you can go back in time and try to emulate the islamists we hate . 
  maybe you also agree with those things though . 
  who knows . 
  but if you do , i know for sure i want none of you people in charge of europe . 
  a bit of both . 
  the first is a question of human rights and the rule of law , which parties rightfully should n't mess with . 
  the second is about politicians perceiving a swing to the right on more than just the issue of immigration because of the support these parties get . 
  often it comes with anti-scientific , anti-environment , anti-minority rights in general or even women 's rights . 
  except it does n't . 
  yeah , ignore everything else . 
  it 's cool guys they just want to help families . 
  lol . 
  because going against the rule of law pretty much invalidates it . 
  the rule of law is no rule of the law if it can be disregarded whenever it suits a certain politician , party , or segment of society . 
  democracy is strong when the institutions and principles that govern it are strong and when the law is upheld no matter what the situation is . 
  by breaking the rule of law the message you are sending to everyone is that the law should be upheld only when it suits me ( the far right in this case ) instead of always . 
  it 's a very quick downhill way to authoritarianism from there on out . 
  if the law can not be relied upon to be respected by our representatives , then they are not simple representatives in our democratic system anymore , they are `` kings '' that can disregard the law whenever it suits them -  authoritarians . 
  going back to authoritarianism would be a very bad thing that would ruin everything we have achieved in europe , all the prosperity , the science , the equality , our values that you claim you want to protect , we have them because of modern democracy , because of the rule of law , because of the lessening of authoritarianism that has kept us backwards , divided , warring , poor , uneducated , fundamentalist and very much more akin to the islamists that you hate instead of what we are today . 
  that was the norm throughout most of our history , death , destruction , injustice , massive poverty , all for the benefit of kings and nobles , lords and generals . 
  we have managed to fight for a better future , for a better culture , we have achieved modern democracy after centuries of struggle , we have implemented the rule of law specifically as a safe guard of our democracy and of our way of life , and now you , the far right , and people that do not understand the importance of these things would see them thrown away because of their disdain of other people . 
  it is capitally more important for us to protect modern democracy and the rule of law , which has brought us the great values you want to protect , then it is to renounce them and go back to authoritarianism simply to prevent a few crimes being committed or people you do n't like staying here . 
  as long as we as nations truly respect our culture and our european values , nobody can `` destroy '' us or whatever the fuck you are afraid of . 
  the threat of muslims has been greatly exaggerated , the far right simply loves to use any bad incident to prove their point , as if there are n't also white people that kill or murder , or are fundamentalist in their beliefs contrary to respecting the rights of others . 
  in fact , the far right is pretty much just a different side of the same coin as the islamists they use as scapegoats for all of our problems . 
  they are also violent and extreme in their ideology , blinded by fervor and willing to hurt others for their cause , you just do n't see it because their on `` our side '' and they claim to do it in `` our benefit '' . 
  that 's their great lie and excuse , that it 's to protect us , but what they do is the opposite , they threaten the very existence of our values much more than any crazed islamist ever could . 
  maybe one day you will see that . 
  the enemy within is always more dangerous than any other enemy . 
  that 's not to say muslims are our enemies , that 's just more divisive rhetoric the far right likes to push , some of them are our enemies , like isis , but they are being eradicated as we speak . 
  we 're not soft on them . 
  what you perceive as softness is only humanity . 
  not treating a whole group of people like the enemy because some of them are bad . 
  yes , we have protection of human rights even for serial killer rapist arsonist pedophile dog fuckers .
