  russia is the biggest country on earth with the most natural wealth on earth and a much higher population than that of italy , yet their gdp is smaller . 
  and ? 
  read above , russia 's economy is shit , that 's what . 
   is that supposed to be some kind of pittance ? 
  like yeah your country sucks but who needs food and clean water when you have democracy !, 
  you ca n't expect a country to recover a huge gap in just a few years , the point is that the trend is very positive in romania , while it 's very negative in russia , which , in years leads to convergence and eventually the romanian economy overcoming the russian one on a gdp/capita basis . 
   yeah ... no . 
  gas prices are maybe 10 % higher now than they were in 2000 . 
  yes , now , after the prices fell by more than 50 % , how dishonest can you get ? 
  they benefited from fast increasing prices of oil and gas for more than a decade , now that the prices fell they 're in an economic recession . 
  simple stuff . 
   that 's a really roundabout way of saying they have a lower per capita gdp . 
  they do n't have a lower gdp per capita , they have a lower gdp period . 
  romania , as opposed to russia , is actually consolidating its democracy and institutional inclusiveness , freedom of press and anti-corruption efforts . 
  our gdp is growing 3.5 % + / year while russia is in an economic crisis . 
  romania is not better off now than russia is , it 's not what i said , i said even eastern european countries are catching up ( the ones that joined the eu anyway ) , which is true , the differences in gdp/capita are becoming smaller every year , especially when they 're price adjusted . 
  those are n't even the issues . 
  although annexing a part of another country should maybe raise some red flags , but whatever . 
  putin in the last couple of years has silenced many opposition members and journalists , his authoritarianism has intensified , and now he 's in a position of being the leader of russia indefinitely . 
  russia 's economic growth is n't what you 're making it up to be either , it mostly came due to the big increases in the prices of oil and natural gas , not because he actually managed to diversify and modernize russia 's economy , he did n't do that at all , as natural wealth export still amounts to 50 % of russia 's annual budget . 
  now that the prices have tanked they find themselves in another economic crisis , just like the one the ussr went through for that matter before its collapse , which was also partly due to the tanking of oil prices . 
  comparing russia at its lowest point after the collapse of the ussr with russia now is comparing apples to oranges , meanwhile russia 's economy is weaker than that of italy , even though it 's a way bigger country , and it 's as reliant as ever on natural resources , of which they have the biggest reserves on the planet , yet they still trail behind all of the western world , while even eastern europe is starting to catch up . 
  nobody is denying that the muslim world is n't even more fucked than eastern europe , because it is , many magnitudes more fucked up . 
  europe overall has managed to become much more secular in the last couple of centuries than the muslim world . 
  do n't pretend a big portion of the population is n't still very homophobic . 
  things take time to change , and romania has only really started to update its worldviews once we entered the eu . 
  why do people expect to fundamentally change their entire worldviews just because they move to the west ? 
  it takes a lot of time and many generations for that to happen . 
  as long as they do n't actually go around stoning gays or whatever , then have a little patience . 
  the west did n't change because someone else `` demanded '' it from us , it came from ourselves realizing some of our traditional views are silly and must be updated to the modern world . 
  that 's the problem , you ca n't just demand people to renounce religion or change their worldview , it never worked and never will , if people want to make the same mistakes over and over then i 'm not sure who 's more retarded , us or them . 
  in order to change things a lot of things must be fundamentally improved and a lot of patience will be required . 
  so no , we do n't have a right to demand of them to change . 
  actually you will find in any religious nation a certain segment of the population wanting to live after their holy book laws or whatever . 
  this is n't weird or specific to muslims either . 
  the problem is that people are n't really having an honest look at what causes these problems , they go by emotion and instinct and yell `` it 's islam '' or `` it 's just their culture '' or `` it 's genetics '' which is just a simple way of saying that you do n't like them and this is why . 
  they live in their own little ghettos , are mostly poor , their schools sucks and they live in eco chambers of religiousness and frustration . 
  no , a lot have n't integrated very well , but to pretend it 's just because they 're muslims without even taking a look at what we are doing wrong or ignoring that a part of the population will always have traditional views like this is not logical or rational , it 's just trying to make a point that fits the narrative . 
  polls really are stupid , that 's because 5-10-20-30 % of any population is usually pants on head retarded and has idiotic views . 
  you can ask people any retarded thing you can think of and you 'll always have a few percent agreeing . 
  like others have pointed out , ask if the world is flat , ask if cats should be banned , or whatever else you want , and i guarantee you 'll always have some percent agreeing . 
  you can expect 5 % of any population to be pants on head retarded . 
  i 'm not even joking , any stupid question you can come up with will have at least a couple percent of the people supporting it . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the world does n't simply change from one year to the next and follow the example of europe or whatever because we 're so progressive . 
  they have to progress on their own by acquiring real democracies and fighting for people 's rights . 
  romania is in a good spot in a lot of ways , but the guy has a valid point , he just expressed it badly . 
  the problem is that this year we 're going to have 2 rounds of elections and the parliament is stacked with dozens of populist initiatives that only spend and spend money without even justifying where the money comes from ( it 's not covered by our growth alone ) . 
  if they 're allowed to continue at the rate they are now our deficit will go through the roof by next year and it will be a serious risk to the health of our economic stability , especially if the worst case scenario of a new global economic crisis comes true . 
  the trade deficit is only one small problem in the puzzle which alone is n't a big deal , people are afraid of a repeat of the 2008 scenario when our then government made promises upon promises and was throwing cash around like there 's no tomorrow , which made the resulting impact of the economic crisis even worse . 
  very few people understand this . 
  it 's because most are so selfish that they can only think of their own backyard , without realizing we live in a greatly intertwined world with a global economy in which it 's in the benefit of all of us for our neighbors to be more stable , safe and wealthy . 
  it 's easy to justify it when a westerner bitches about eastern europe because it 's 2000 kilometers away , or when people bitch about china , but when people bitch about regions of the same country it 's insane , because it should be obvious why it 's important to try and develop all the regions equally . 
  let 's all hope it 's limited to economics . 
  if you have no idea about the suffering the ussr has caused to a lot of our nations because they never teach you that in history class and nobody ever talks about it in russia does n't make it any less real or propaganda . 
  maybe you ca n't fathom your government actually being that bad because people in general do n't want to believe their country is that bad , even in the most shit hole of places people want to hang on the the belief that ` it 's not so bad ' , then nationalism kicks in and puts you in the defensive whenever anyone from the outside points these things out , so then you 're left believing that the outsiders are simply exaggerating and that it ca n't possible be as bad as they say it is . 
  well , maybe it is . 
  they 're in style ever since putin has been trying hard to emulate the ussr . 
  if you ignore this and brush it off as western propaganda or `` unfunny jokes '' then you 're really not paying attention to what goes on there . 
  fair depends very much on what the other side considers fair . 
  if laws are being broken then you need to enforce them better , but then maybe the problem arises in corruption or lazy law enforcement , not immigrants . 
  i said that 's the jobs most east europeans take , which is true , most people work shit jobs for shit pay that natives do n't even really want , so when the average joe complains about romanians taking their jobs , they 're talking about jobs they would probably never want to work in the first place . 
  no , we were discussing the point of ee raising their defense spending , the fact that nukes  all only to serves to make any kind of discussion pointless . 
  yeah because russia using nukes would not involve the us or eu nuclear capable members . 
  if it 's going to come to war it 's going to be something like what you see in ukraine , not nuclear war . 
  no country can really defend from a nuclear attack , so it 's pointless to discuss it . 
  but in the case of insurgencies and skirmishes , having a better prepared army makes all the difference . 
  can you tell me in what way they were broken and which articles ? 
  what treaties are being broken left and right ? 
  except we did give consent to this as well . 
  to think we did n't would mean you completely misunderstood what you agreed to . 
  there was never a provision that citizens would be asked through referendums every time something is to be decided , that is why we send representatives to the eu . 
  through good and bad , we have agreed to this , the only issue is that it was all good until recently and nobody had a problem with `` not being asked '' , but now some have a problem with it because they do n't like some of the decisions . 
  well , that 's not how it works and it never was the case . 
  pretending otherwise now would just be dishonest for the sake of playing the victim card . 
  you 're misunderstanding both systems if you think it 's the same thing , which is just big countries ruling smaller ones . 
  the soviets occupied eastern europe by force and imposed themselves on us without ever asking , which is very different from people choosing to be part of a union . 
  this is such a major difference that the whole discussion is meaningless on the premise that the eu is somehow like the soviet union . 
  we as nations have willingly decided to give up some sovereignty to the eu just like all the other members have . 
  just because some countries want to go backsies whenever something they do n't like gets to happen does n't mean jack shit , that 's just how a democracy works as well , not everyone will always agree , but we have all entered a social contract in which we agreed to follow what our representatives decide , be it inside of an individual nation or a supranational union . 
  romania really only started developing when we started the accession process into the eu , it has since left behind all the other neighboring countries that have n't yet . 
  nukes are not really an issue , as long as we presume mad is still in order . 
  tanks are an issue , but russia 's capabilities are way lower than that at the moment . 
  a stronger ee means that russia is less tempted to do anything reckless . 
  you do n't need much natural wealth to be prosperous . 
  all throughout history often the places with the most natural resources end up being totally fucked up nations . 
  just look at the world today , russia has the highest natural wealth in all the world and it has the biggest size too , yet its economy is severely trailing behind western europe , while it 's only marginally better than that of eastern europe , all while the latter is also developing at a way faster rate than russia . 
  while they 're in an economic crisis , romania and hungary 's gdp have gone up more than 3 % and the trend is thought to continue . 
  other great examples are the middle east of course and even country 's like china . 
  while it 's true china seems to be doing well , it 's still behind all of the western world and even behind most eastern europe when compared to gdp/capita , the only thing that makes it impressive is the size . 
  if we 're going to be `` real here '' maybe you should acknowledge the fact that ukraine wanted change and they , as a sovereign nation , have a right to decide that without having their neighbor invading them and annexing part of their country . 
  the only one that fucked up here is russia , the west did n't do shit except extend a hand to a willing ukraine . 
  the problem is that we are n't being real , at least you certainly are n't , you 're all about ideology and spheres of influences , not about the people realizing that they want to be closer to the eu and benefit of the same chances their neighbors were given . 
  romania and ukraine were pretty similar in a lot of regards until not too long ago , we had a brutal dictator after which oligarchs took over the country , the only difference is that romania 's oligarch are pussies when compared to the ukrainian and russian oligarchs so we were able to run towards the eu and nato as fast as possible to get the fuck away from russia . 
  even economically ukraine and romania were pretty similar until 2007 , but now since romania has joined the eu we have a gdp/capita almost 2.5 times higher than ukraine and our country has started improving in all aspects . 
  this is what ukraine wanted for themselves , but russia could n't accept it because putin thinks he is entitled to a sphere of influence . 
  i doubt that likely scenario is actually likely , the refugee crisis has already started tapering off and if my last 26 years on earth are any indication , it wo n't be very long now until everyone 's attention is going to get grabbed by some other totally unrelated `` crisis '' . 
  btw gusy , anyone still remember ebola ? 
  yeah it is nothing compared to the other way around , but it 's still a huge increase over the last 10 years . 
  in another 10 years there will still be more romanians in france than vice versa that 's for sure , but the ratio will probably not be so insanely one sided .
