  same thing with immigrants , except in this case it 's about respecting the very international laws we have decided to adhere to . 
  people are just pissed because they feel threatened by all these brown people coming over , it boils down to that . 
  many today would rather see democracy take a back seat and have countries piss all over their constitutions and the international laws they signed rather than have some immigrants move into their country . 
  well i make a distinction between immigration and ethnic cleansing . 
  ethnic cleansing was a direct result of the ussr and its communist regime . 
  i 'm saying that communism is the thing that harmed you the most , just like the rest of the eastern bloc . 
  it 's also not the same thing . 
  what russia did has a name and it 's pretty much ethnic cleansing , very different from normal migration patterns or crisis situations that require some refugees to be hosted . 
  that 's assuming the trends are set in stone , they 're not . 
  estonia had positive growth too until recently . 
  do n't assume that the immigrants will keep having more and more babies , because that wo n't be the case , population growth will subside with each generation . 
  dude . 
  communism harmed you , not immigrants . 
  romania did n't have that problem and communism possible fucked us even harder than it has you . 
   it 's not about making a patch of land prosperous , goal is to keep alive the culture and way of life of people that call that patch of land home . 
  so that * some * people can call that patch of land home . 
  home has been a lot of things for a lot of people , europe has been home for millions of muslims or africans , africa or asia has been home to many europeans and so on . 
  when nationalists talk about home and cultural identity , they just mean people that think like them really , minorities of any kind can go fuck themselves . 
  it 's tyranny of the majority and everyone else better obey our rules , otherwise < insert extreme solution here  . 
  that 's usually what it boils down to . 
  nationalism in the form that is currently rising in europe is a misguided sense of belonging to some fictional `` tribe '' of people or another that you think you share so much in common with , while conveniently ignoring that you might have more in common with those immigrants you do n't want than with the other side of the country . 
  i and many others can also honestly say we probably have more in common with some guy from japan than with many in the far right for example , yet the discourse that we have to preserve some `` cultural identity '' is a very strong adhesive for those that believe in it , even though it always leads to discrimination and hate . 
  the most perverted part of this whole discourse is that european cultural identity was never really at stake and still is n't , it 's just one huge scarecrow to get people to rally behind someone or some party , but somehow a couple of million of refugees has people talking about the extinction of european culture in 200 years . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  the level of discourse in the year 2016 . 
  amazing ladies and gentleman . 
  we 're once again talking about racial purity and how we do n't want any mingling . 
  you 're the kind of person that ca n't comprehend how spending money now brings you more in return later . 
  a lot of countries had to make that change at one point or another . 
  i 'm not making it personal , i 'm saying that while you may only want doctors and engineers , others are fine with immigration as it currently is and no it 's not just companies . 
  you keep on hearing what you want to hear . 
  low skilled workers are wanted too , just not by you . 
  but hey , your nation will decide as a whole what it wants so we 'll wait and see . 
  but the arguments to leave are mostly based on `` there 's just too many damn foreigners in good ol' great britain '' . 
  well of course more unskilled people come than skilled ones , they 're just way more numerous , but there 's tons of romanian doctors and nurses that have migrated to the west as well , not just unskilled workers . 
  it 's all compensated in one way or another . 
  unsustainable in what way ? 
  i just showed that eu immigrants are hard working and that your unemployment rates are normal both historically and in the current context . 
  5.1 % is a very good number and britain has seldom had lower unemployment than that . 
  in any society there 's always going to be unemployed people for one reason or another , you ca n't just blame foreigners . 
  it 's a shit argument for leaving . 
  you can thank the uk for the industrial revolution and the democratization and secularization that followed . 
  europe as a whole did n't do shit , taking credit for what your ancestors did centuries ago , partly out of ingenuity , partly out of luck or exploitation of others , is not exactly something we should be aiming for . 
  my point is that those values are generally good ones and we as humans should strive to uphold them , but we should n't use it as some kind of excuse for our superiority . 
  islam will never be as dangerous to europe as these parties . 
  people fail to see this . 
  there 's a big difference between a few people blowing themselves up and taking over power in a country . 
  as bad as the former sounds , the latter is much worse . 
  http://www.segodnya.ua/regions/donetsk/v-lugansk-voshla-kolonna-voennoy-tehniki-est-grady-i-pushki-712545.html how about this as proof ? 
  waiting for the gold . 
  my point was that workforce mobility is n't a bad thing at all , it 's actually good , and that it 's not the cause of your unemployment which is at pretty good/normal levels anyway . 
  so what exactly was your point ? 
  i was talking percentages . 
  you can find benefits by nationality here : www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06955.pdf romania is only at 3.4 thousand people out of more than one hundred thousand people which is way bellow britain 's average . 
  not sure what you are arguing though . 
  that unemployement exists ? 
  no shit it does , it has always existed . 
  are you arguing that it exists because of foreigners ? 
  because that 's also bullshit , unemployment in britain has always oscillated between 4-12 % and you can find historic data that shows this . 
  you ca n't argue that romanians are mooching off the system either , since unemployment is very low among eu nationals . 
  so what exactly are you arguing ? 
  that 5.1 % unemployment is unacceptably high and that foreigners are to blame ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  so why exactly do you claim with such certainty this is bullshit news ? 
  you do n't have any evidence for it except that ukraine uses propaganda too so this must be fake . 
  i 'm willing to bet the percentage is smaller than for the native population . 
  dude , you were in a comment tree where the op said religion should be banned and you were responding to someone arguing why it should n't be banned . 
  now you go around pretending i 'm making shit up . 
  you 're just being willfully ignorant and intellectually dishonest . 
  funny how people fail to see this . 
  wanting to ban an entire religion because of some nutjobs is pretty fucking radical . 
  not even mentioning how absolutely ineffective it would be and how it would only make things worse for everyone . 
  except people can freely express these thoughts as evidenced by this very topic . 
  nobody is getting sent to jail for talking about immigrants what are you crazy ? 
  this victimization of the far right is absolutely ridiculous . 
  the state does n't enforce any kind of censorship on these issues . 
  the only thing that is forbidden is instigating to commit crimes against them , which is a felony . 
   this sort of progressive nonsense is why the far right is on the rise in the first place . 
  the far right has always gained support after times of economic crisis . 
  the far right has also always gained support by scapegoating minorities for the nations problems . 
  it has nothing to do with progressiveness and everything to do with people being a bunch of tribal animals that only become more so when times are rough . 
   you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about , the paris or brussels attackers did n't pop out of nowhere . 
  so lets ban a religion because of a few nutjobs right ? 
  that 's the sensible attitude to have . 
  i 'm suuuuure banning a religion will totally work too . 
  people are just gon na go well , that religion is banned now so i should just believe in something else . 
  nope , that 's not how it 's going to go . 
  how it 's going to go is massive protests and revolt , people gathering in secret in people 's basements instead of mosques and so on . 
  do you really believe it will make things better ? 
  it will make them 10 times worse , and the far right is only going to use that as a new excuse to further their authoritarianism even more . 
  apparently at least 12 people agree with this guy that banning a religion does the trick . 
  the force of the facepalm this statement requires could move the earth out of its orbit by at least 9001 meters . 
  seriously though , if you think this is somehow going to lead to less radicals you 're absolutely nuts . 
  you ca n't ban a religion , people will just keep on believing in secret , except instead of going to mosques they 're going to gather in other people 's basements and hear whatever the guy there preaches . 
  i 'm sure that will lead to tolerance and peace . 
  you 're just being petty and small minded if you think that 's a solution and it 's absolutely incredible that people actually agree . 
  it is and obviously there 's people that support him , otherwise he would n't any legitimacy . 
  but i 'd argue it 's out of some misguided sense of nationalism and pride rather than those pesky things called `` facts '' . 
  how do you know it wo n't have an impact on him ? 
  generally when people start having problems with getting basic shit like food , they tend to blame their leaders , no matter how they try to spin it .
