  i never said the entire country is antisemitic , just that there are enough to be worth pandering to by politicians like orban . 
  most of them dont live in budapest , they are generally older people living in the province . 
  what misinformation ? 
  that there is still antisemitism in hungary ? 
  bitch please ive seen it with my own eyes . 
  it is obvious if you have any knowledge of hungarian culture and the people . 
  the other guy also showed you statistics confirming it . 
  so the real question is why are people living in denial ? 
  not really . 
  the explanation is much simpler . 
  there is still a lot of antisemitism present in hungary , orban is just using soros as a scapegoat and is pandering to the more nationalist and antisemitic part of the population . 
  he 's just trying to win the votes of these people . 
  maybe , but to be fair that road is a very important one right at the border of romania with the west . 
  it 's not some backroad . 
  i mean how was it stolen if you literally have proof of the results right here ? 
  very few eu funds are actually stolen because there 's a lot of verification involved to make sure that does n't happen . 
  our politicians are kind enough to mostly steal from our own citizens , not the eu , so do n't worry . 
  then you 're really not thinking long term at all . 
  stronger cohesion between european countries and stronger economies means a stronger eu as a whole which benefits everyone . 
  it 's not like you can only invest in 1 thing at a time either . 
   islam has no place in the west . 
  none at all . 
  islam is already in the west and it very much has a place too , it 's called freedom of religion . 
  if you take your argument and play it all out to the end the only way to achieve that would be if you 'd kill every muslim man woman and child and then ban islam and delete it from existence , otherwise you 'd still have islam in europe . 
  there 's absolutely no way you could get rid of it without causing way more human suffering and infringements of rights . 
  we can play out your argument until forever and inevitably it always leads to much worse things than barricading events . 
  i 'd rather not take after hungary and poland , all they did was elect a bunch of populists that play on people 's fears and promise unrealistic things in order to get votes . 
  ok . let 's take it one by one . 
   we have twice as many suicides first of all it would be nice if you 'd provide some statistics . 
  second of all suicide is very stigmatized and it used to be even more so in the past when people were much more religious than today , so it was often swept under the rug and suicides were reported as accidental deaths . 
   higher illegal drug use than ever it 's highly debatable if this is even a bad thing in the first place . 
  most of the drug use today consists of cannabis use , followed by mdma and cocaine . 
  i definitely would n't call people smoking weed a problem for example , which like i said composes the larges part of illegal drug use . 
  i would n't call people taking mdma a problem either , cocaine can be one but it is n't the great evil it 's portrayed as in movies . 
  furthermore , increased illegal drug use can also easily be explained by greater availability and due to the retarded war on drugs which meant that a shitload of drugs were made illegal in a completely arbitrary manner and tons of people have been prosecuted for crimes such as having a few grams of weed on them or a couple of tabs of lsd . 
   enviromental problems it depends what you mean by that . 
  the cities of the past used to be smog ridden hellholes , air quality was terrible in major cities such as london , which at one point had to deal with this '' public transport ceased , apart from the london underground ; and the ambulance service stopped functioning , forcing users to transport themselves to hospital . 
  the smog even seeped indoors , resulting in the cancellation or abandonment of concerts and film screenings as visibility decreased in large enclosed spaces , and stages and screens became harder to see from the seats . 
  [ 13 ] outdoor sports events were also affected . '', 
   refugee problems yeah , nothing new . 
  the refugee crisis in the wake of ww2 was magnitudes bigger than anything we 're seeing now . 
  the amount of wars in the past were far greater , far more frequent and far more destructive , which is an argument in favor of the world being a better place nowadays . 
   debt problems this is again highly relative . 
  the fact that people have greater access to capital is a good thing , but it obviously causes `` debt problems '' too . 
  i 'm not even sure if this is worse today than it used to be , but i do know for sure that people can access capital much easier today . 
   obesity and diabetes pretty much definitions of first world problems caused by an abundance of calorie rich meals and a lack of physical activity due to most people not having to work in fields like agriculture . 
   terrorism is on the rise terrorism is again nothing new , in the 70 's and 80 's there were even more terrorist attacks than now . 
  terrorism can also be viewed as the new form through which war is waged . 
  there are n't many conventional wars out there anymore , terrorism is what 's left . 
   overpopulation , aging populations , rapid industrialisation is faster than ever etc. 
  yeah , how are these bad things ? 
  they are literally symptoms of the world being a better place . 
  we have overpopulation because people are n't dying by the droves anymore , we have an aging population because medicine as a field has advanced enough to increase the average lifespan of people by 20 to 30 years . 
  you also have to misconstrue things pretty badly to call rapid industrialization a bad thing , it 's literally the result of technological advancement and it 's what has lifted a big part of the world 's population out of poverty and subsistence farming . 
   who decides what time is `` best '' for people ? 
  how is it measured ? 
  by amount of polyester and mcdonalds ? 
  violent deaths are at an all time low , life spans have increased tremendously , incomes have risen on average throughout the world to rates even 10x as high as 50 or 100 years ago , we 've had the longest period of relative peace that humankind has even known , without any major wars going on and big losses of life , science and technology are rapidly progressing , medicine is better than ever , societies are more equal than they have ever been considering women could n't even vote 100 years ago and black people still had to sit in the back of the bus in 50 's america , gays can now get married in many countries throughout the world and much more . 
  you 're confusing things being better than they ever were with things being perfect . 
  the world is far from perfect , but when more than half of the problems you 've listed are symptoms of people having better and longer lives than ever before or due to rapid technological advancement and availability , i think the point makes itself . 
  to clarify even further . 
  it is certain that the world is facing a new set of challenges , but the vast majority of people would rather deal with these problems any day than with famine , war , disease , high child mortality and such . 
  so what exactly are you proposing ? 
  because i have this feeling that it 's going to be something way more disproportionate than barricading events . 
   but i 'll be fucked if it was n't heinous and entirely perpetrated by muslims against non-muslim young women . 
  fuck these apologists . 
  you seem to get more outraged by the fact that the rapes were committed by muslims than because of the rape itself . 
  i bet you 're the kind of person that does n't even give a fuck about the issues surrounding rape , you only seem to care about this particular instance because it validates your point of view that muslims suck . 
  absolutely nobody is excusing rape , they just point out how hypocritical and racist it is to only care about rape when it serves to validate your narrative that muslims are barbarians . 
  where 's your outrage on the thousands of rapes committed by whites ? 
  absolutely nowhere i bet . 
  you are n't crusading against sex rings or rapes , you 're crusading against muslims , that 's what it is . 
  the paradigm through which you view these problems is fundamentally broken . 
  breaking down criminals by their race or religion serves absolutely no purpose , nor does it help address the issues themselves , it only serves to divide and generate hate against people based on those arbitrary characteristics you want to demonize . 
   i absolutely hate people who apologize for islamic terrorism under the guise of its statistical insignificance when compared to heart disease and cancer . 
  what a joke . 
  the fact is that there 's a big disconnect between the risk of terrorism and the fear it generates . 
  a lot of people today put terrorist attacks as their number one fear , despite how unlikely it is that it will ever affect them . 
  pointing this out is n't `` apologizing '' for islam . 
  why do you hate people for trying to be rational and tell others that they should n't live in fear ? 
  i think people need to hear these things . 
  i do n't think it 's in any way productive if we all freak out and act like the world is ending . 
  yeah , there 's doom and gloom all over . 
  people are talking about how the world is going to shit without realizing that they 're in fact living in the best period of time humanity has ever had . 
  the world was always full of bad things , it 's just that most people lived in their little villages cut off from most of it . 
  it 's also the fact that all of those terrible things we learn about in school is just history , while the bad things that happen today are more `` real '' to people . 
  i mean yea , they do force you to learn all kinds of useful things in school . 
  usually they are n't accompanied by a foreign nation occupying your lands and brainwashing your people however . 
  that is very different from the kind of forcing russia did in eastern europe . 
  maybe , but it 's pretty hard for me to swallow any of it . 
  first of all when i listen to their rhetoric it seems to me like the only real change they made was to veil their ideology better so they can have some amount of plausible deniability . 
  marine was smart enough to figure out that they were never going to come close to being a major player with outright racism and xenophobia , so ultimately i think that the only real change was a pretty good effort to cosmeticize the party and make it more appealing for the masses while still retaining their core supporters through the use of dog whistle racist and anti-democratic rhetoric . 
  i think this would explain why her father still gives them millions of euros better than the fact that he just wants to finance it despite the supposedly massive ideological shift . 
  eastern europe was in fact forced to learn russian . 
  obviously it 's just a historical what if and a hyperbole , but without the us the soviet union might have tried something with the west as well . 
  i have some good news for you . 
  nobody has to learn english , they choose to do it because it 's a very widespread language . 
   china are the ones doing best in the current market game . 
  do you know what lead to china being successful ? 
  because if you actually know you would realize it 's not an argument in favor of communism , not in the slightest .
