  it 's clear logic and rationality are n't your strong suit . 
  re-read what i said and tell me if that 's it . 
   paying for protests is not a crime . 
  really ? 
  a foreign faction organizing and paying for protests in order to topple the government is n't a crime ? 
  what the hell country do you live in ? 
  the vatican ? 
  because it sure as hell is a crime in my country and most of the countries in this world . 
  take a look at your penal code and search for crimes against national security or however they 're categorized . 
  you really do n't get it do you ? 
  if they would have actual proof that soros is paying for protests it would be a serious crime , investigated by the secret services , which would mean they could fucking present proof instead of just saying that the open foundation gives money to ngo 's . 
  yeah not shit , that is literally the purpose of the organization to help out other ngo 's , it has nothing to do with paying protesters . 
  i do n't know how you think it works , maybe you think that there 's some shady meeting happening where the open foundation goes up to those people and tells them , here 's a load of cash , now go protest against the government ? 
  i mean you have n't even bothered to read my post where i detail why there is no proof so why do i even bother . 
  at least i actually went through the effort of looking through the links you presented , so i know i 'm not the one being intellectually dishonest here . 
   damn boy does soros pay by the word ? 
  this kind of thinking will get you far in life mate . 
   if the macedonian goverment that is being protested against . 
   say soros is dangerous because it 's in their interest to do so in order to delegitimize criticism and protests . 
   perhaps he should ... go out of another mans country ? 
  soros is n't in macedonia . 
  having ngo 's is legal . 
  if they would have actual proof that soros is paying protests , then it would be a serious national security issue and also a crime , which would mean they could arrest the people involved and crack down on the ngo 's . 
  they do n't have actual proof so all they do is throw accusations . 
  you can read more about it in my previous post . 
   really tl dr material . 
  yeah , it 's a good way to stay ignorant and not have to critically analyze your assertions . 
  the sooner you 'll understand than the whole `` soros is paying protesters '' is just another empty trope unsupported by facts used as a talking point by authoritarians , interest groups , and the far right sphere ( ironically also the far left ) , the quicker you 'll be on your way to stop believing every bullshit conspiracy theory used as a fact to rile up dumb people . 
  your whole post basically boils down to a bunch of extremely biased sources claiming that soros is sending money to macedonia , which is public information found on their website , to draw the conclusion that he pays and organizes protests to topple governments . 
  pretty.fucking.dumb . 
  they also never provide any direct evidence and just expect you to reach the conclusion they hint towards based on circumstantial facts such as that soros has an ngo and that those ngo 's operate in a lot of countries . 
   https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/about/offices-foundations/foundation-open-society-macedonia never said he is n't ? 
  his philanthropy is well known and is n't hidden , the goals of the foundation are also laid out pretty clearly , as evidenced by the fact that you linked that straight from their website . 
   http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/03/15/lost-in-translation-macedonias-ethnic-tensions-near-boiling-point-and-soros-is-stirring-pot.html opinion piece . 
  but let 's continue . 
   the left-wing billionaire who also wants to rule the world not biased at all . 
  lol . 
  moving past that , the article literally does n't say anything about paying protesters , it links to another page on foxnews that does n't exist , and mostly resumes itself to making claims without providing any sources and is mostly just the authors feelings on the man . 
  as evident by the first quote . 
   http://kurir.mk/en/?p=56423 ( investigation of us tax payer aid money funneled into soros foundation ) so there is an investigation called on by gop . 
  does this mean soros is paying protesters ? 
  way to make a huge leap of logic . 
  also this :  whose standards are counter to everything america believes in ' franks said . 
  yeah , like democracy , an open society and fighting intolerance . 
  glad to know that is contrary to everything the us believes in . 
  although i think the guy meant to say it 's contrary to what he and the hardcore republican base believes in . 
   http://kurir.mk/en/?p=55910 ( mp of vmro-dpmne , ruling party in macedonia , aka the macedonian goverment accues soros of financing violent protesters ) are you going to tell me that the government that is being protested against is just going to go and accuse soros of paying and organizing protests against them ? 
  preposterous . 
  why i never ... 
  literally why this discussion between us started in the 1 ` st place , people blaming soros every time some protest they do n't like inconveniences their shitty plans . 
  the big ol' government also seems incapable of providing a single shred of evidence that the money was used to pay protesters . 
  strange . 
  so here 's the logic being used , soros owns the open society foundation , which everybody knows , he uses money to finance causes he believes in , like tolerance and democracy , which obviously pains all these wannabe authoritarians in the ass , so what do they do ? 
  they use him as a scapegoat to delegitimize protests against them by saying they 're all artificial and are just people being payed by soros , which is fucking laughable . 
  if that were the case , you 'd think at least one of these wannabe authoritarians in charge of the government , the secret service and the police forces would come up with sufficient evidence that there 's money going into the protesters pocket . 
  i mean think about it , the accusations are very serious , they 're accusing a foreign entity of trying to overthrow their democracy , it is a huge national security issue . 
  yet , all you see is talk about how soros is financing ngo 's , which is public information , never a single shred of evidence that the money is used to pay protests . 
  their accusations are based exlusively on two facts , one that soros is an evil leftist trying to control the world and two that the mere fact that he gives money to ngo 's operating in their country is clear proof that he is doing just that . 
  they never show that the protesters are being payed , they never shut down these ngo 's , all they do is claim that because soros runs an ngo that is present in the country , clearly it means the protesters are being payed for , that the protests are artificial and that their criticisms are not valid as a result . 
  obviously it can not be that people are protesting for something they believe in , they must be paid by soros . 
   us aid document specifying actions of soros in macedonia with us taxpayer money . 
  https://stopsoros.mk/detailed-overview-usaid-support-george-soros-led-groups-macedonia/ first , let me remark on the fact that the source you 're using is a website called `` stopsoros '' . 
  second , the article is so full of shit it would take a month to dismantle every logical fallacy and unsubstantiated claim they make . 
  instead , what i 'm going to say is that they again provide absolutely no proof that the protests are being paid by soros , instead they just make claim after claim not backed up by any sources and claim that every ngo that has ever received a single cent from the open foundation society is somehow run or controlled by him . 
  i swear that according to these far right groups soros is a super human that controls everything in the world . 
   why do people keep defending old multi billionaires is beyond my comprehension . 
  serious talk . 
  it 's because some people are fed up with the whole climate of conspiracy theories and lack of any critical thinking . 
  if you would 've analyzed the information you yourself provided in a critical way , we would n't have ended up in this point . 
  if you would have done that , you would have quickly realized that instead of providing any actual proof of the very serious claims you make , all you did was provide a bunch of extremely biased sources that go on to make wild claims and offer their very biased personal opinions on the matter , their conclusions neatly wrapped up in a bunch of `` facts '' and evidence that do n't ever lead to the actual conclusion . 
  it 's all based on huge leaps in logic and unconnected facts , but taken together , it seems like definitive proof for anyone that already believes those things about soros . 
  that 's the whole idea . 
  if you already believe those things about soros , these articles are going to easily convince you as they seem very relevant and talk about a lot of things you already believe . 
  if you look at each source individually , try to ignore your biases and see if the evidence they provide actually lead to the claim you made that `` soros is paying protesters '' , only then you would realize that no , they do n't in fact prove that . 
  basically , if you would show up with all this evidence in court making the claim you did , the case would be thrown out , as it is all highly circumstantial and makes no direct link between the protesters being paid for and the funding of those ngo 's . 
  that 's what is really bothersome , that all of these accusations always rely on the single fact that soros money ended up their country , they never manage to prove the actual claim and they just expect people to believe it because `` hey look soros gave money to ngo 's '' . 
  what they prove instead is that soros does indeed fund ngo 's across the world , which is a well known fact that you can literally read about by going on the open society website . 
  so to answer your question as to why people bother . 
  well , some people just really want to see critical fucking thinking being used , instead of people basing their views on conspiracies that are unsubstantiated by fats and are based on suppositions and biases . 
   knowing that soros has been involved in violent protests in macedonia source please . 
  ( pls do n't let it be breitbart , pls )  refuses to admit some protests are indeed funded by george soros yeah , i 'm gon na need some sources on all these protests funded by soros . 
  sorry but i do n't believe literally anything that is said about soros considering the amount of insane conspiracy theories that circulate around the web about him , especially in the far right circles . 
  yeah , clearly he 's infesting the minds of young people learning at one of the top universities in the region . . with knowledge out of all things . 
  the fucking cunt . 
  paranoia much ? 
  and really , he payed thousands to protest ? 
  could there be another reason why people in budapest are protesting this dicking and abusive move ? 
  maybe because they can recognize the value of the university ? 
  nah ... soros pretty much pays every protest we do n't agree with . 
  he 's used as a scapegoat for everything , ridiculous . 
  / r/edgy, 
  i think that the correlation is between the financial crisis and trust in the elites . 
  when the masses get poorer they usually start turning against the ones they perceive as `` elites '' and start blaming them for their problems . 
  seriously ? 
  you are arguing against straw men . 
  nobody in romania would freak out if the us would reduce its military spending to more reasonable levels . 
  commitment to the alliance is one thing , spending is another . 
  your allies want to know they can count on the us , they do n't care whether you spend 800 billion or 500 billion on your military . 
  it 's your own damn government that wants to increase military spending and it does it for its own benefit . 
   they start running tabloids new reports about power vacuums and go into a panic clamouring for the bomb because the us decided 20 carriers was enough , maby we dont need 22 of those bad boys .
