  it 's not like prime-ministers for example are the most average bloke you can find taken randomly off the street , which is the equivalent of holding a referendum on an issue such as ttip , they are at the very least above average when it comes to both information about how the country is run and their ability to govern , if not among the very best in the country . 
  there are exceptions of course and there are people that end up in such positions despite their knowledge or abilities , but in the vast majority of cases you can bet your ass they 're both more informed , knowledgeable , intelligent and better managers than the average of the population . 
   `` very rich '' related to the population being able to form their own opinions ? 
  there 's a very strong correlation between wealth and educational levels . 
  that 's why it 's relevant . 
  poor people can be informed , but more often than not poor people are way too busy worrying about surviving and paying bills to be very informed . 
  they also ca n't afford as good of an education , hence the correlation . 
  what other real argument do you need ? 
  referendums are a terrible idea on fiscal policy , simply because a lot of people are [ financially illiterate ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2015/11/18/the-u-s-may-be-the-worlds-richest-country-but-it-ranks-14th-in-financial-literacy/ ) even when it comes to the simplest most basic of finances . 
  add that to the huge popularity of ( surprise surprise ) populists nowadays and that 's plenty of reasons not to do it . 
  did you even watch the brexit campaign unfold ? 
  it was a shitshow of lies , misinformation and manipulation . 
  what 's the point ? 
  your mind is clearly made up , there have been discussions for years now and there 's tons of evidence that show how much they lie and use populism for political gain , but people that have bought into their narrative are immune to any kind of counter-arguments . 
  i 'm not just saying this , i honestly think that if by this point you do n't realize the truth in what i said , you 're either willfully ignorant or an ideologue . 
  the alt-right has specialized into making big bad scary enemies out of `` the elites '' , `` mainstream '' ( so lumping anything left of far right into one category ) , immigrants and globalization . 
  they 're pandering to low-education voters by turning them against others that in their vision are making them poor even though it 's been proven time and time again that immigration is a net benefit to the economy and it 's a very small part of what you call `` wage-suppression '' . 
  ramping up nationalist and isolationist rhetoric while painting an apocalyptic vision of the future ( muslims will wipe us out in 200 years omg ) and baiting some xenophobia along the way is their specialty . 
  if you do n't think that 's disgusting , it 's probably because you adhere to these thoughts and you see nothing wrong with it . 
  you have no basis for saying that . 
  it 's absurd that you think ` the people ' could take better policy decisions in most countries on earth . 
  they could n't . 
  people vote based on feels , not factual and verified information , most people anyway . 
  first you have to make the country smart , then you can have direct democracy , if you have the latter first , it 's going to end up a disaster . 
  well of course , they 're not going to blame us , that 'd be ridiculous . 
  this is also ridiculous , but for the uninformed it does seem more credible to blame big powers such as the usa or germany , especially since the anti-german sentiment and conspiracy theories have intensified ( 4 ` th reich anyone ? 
  it was n't zero actually , it was a clear negative , since they got an even `` worse '' deal after the referendum . 
  i meant worse in their perception . 
  what the alt-right is doing is absolutely disgusting , i 'm sorry you do n't see it . 
  pretty hard to be against something when you do n't even know what it is really , yet most people are against ttip . 
  it 's simply emotional thinking and people have been scared into being against anything that might further `` globalism '' . 
  it 's not a rational position and it certainly is n't based on objective information , since we do n't even have the facts yet . 
  holding a referendum just so people can vote based on how scared they are of the big bad trade deal is frankly retarded . 
  switzerland is an exception , it 's a small , very rich , very highly educated nation with a long tradition in direct democracy . 
  no , it would n't work as well in other bigger countries , and no , it is n't a good idea to hold referendums on very complex fiscal policy or international affairs issues which people will end up voting on based on who managed to scare them the most . 
  i can already see the debate about ttip `` corporations want to bring back slavery '' . 
  the end . 
  there 's churches in the middle east as well . 
  respecting religious freedom is a basic human right . 
   and who are those people ? 
  we should allow terror , mass killings , rapes and more for 1 architec what ? 
  you 're talking like all of them are a bunch of terrorists and rapists and then maybe one of them is okay . 
  it 's the other way around you jack ass , the vast majority are neither terrorists nor rapists , even if they 're not all architects . 
  you 've never seen a woman slap a man before ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  this shit happens literally all the time all over the world . 
  some men have always been too pushy , regardless of ethnicity . 
  it 's just another classic example of people getting infuriated whenever it 's done by < insert x minority here  while disregarding the fact that these are things that have been happening and will happen every day regardless . 
  well , maybe people should try to raise awareness to these issues without shitting on women every time someone mentions domestic violence against them . 
   i do n't know if you 're aware , but migrants being paid below minimum wage is a huge issue across europe . 
  they lack the knowledge of the law , the capital to leave jobs paying below minimum wage and generally lack power . 
  it 's a massive issue and i 'm surprised you 're unaware . 
  it would have been more appropriate to say `` administrative unworkability '' rather than magic . 
  so you manage to type all of this out and somehow you still fault the migrants instead of pressuring companies to play fair and the government to do its job and enforce the law . 
  it 's just so fucking typical , once again the mass of sheep are turned against each other instead of realizing what our true problems are . 
  people are taking advantage , it 's just that they 're taking advantage of the alt-right movement just as much as they 're taking advantage of migrants , it 's just that you fail to realize it . 
  pitting people against others that are even poorer and more vulnerable than them , disgusting . 
  it 's because they want to give equal rights to gays and not treat minorities like shit . 
  they 'll even say it 's `` far left '' . 
  that 's seriously how these conservatives view the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domestic_violence_in_the_united_states  women are more likely than men to be murdered by an intimate partner . 
  of those killed by an intimate partner , about three quarters are female and about a quarter are male . 
  in 1999 in the united states , 1,218 women and 424 men were killed by an intimate partner , [ 53 ] and 1,181 females and 329 males were killed by their intimate partners in 2005 . 
  [ 54 ] [ 55 ] in 2007 , 2,340 deaths were caused by intimate partner violence -- making up 14 % of all homicides . 
  70 % of these deaths were females and 30 % were males like i said , men are way more deadly , that 's just a fact . 
  women throw punches , it 's just that their punches mostly hurt your feelings , when a man punches a woman , he puts her in the hospital . 
  how are you not getting it ? 
  are they both a problem ? 
  yes . 
  are they both just as big of a problem ? 
  that 's why it 's so idiotic that someone always tries to turn it around against women , `` but see , they are more violent '' . 
  women are by far the biggest losers of domestic violence eve if only by the sheer disproportion in physical strength . 
  so what you really mean is that transylvania could 've held on for a while longer , because romania would 've been obliterated . 
  truth is you 're retarded for comparing a slap from a woman to men putting women in the hospital with a single punch . 
  thousands of women are killed or hospitalized every year . 
  there it is . 
   sure , you can say the current religious push is because of tyrrany , but it does n't matter long term . 
  i ca n't just say it , i know it , and it does matter . 
  this is a classical case of authoritarian leaders ruining it for everyone else once again , yes , they use the people to do it , but that does n't make it any better . 
  saying that they are better off ruled by a tyrant when it 's these tyrants that are causing many of the problems we see is some serious logic black out . 
  how many astronauts ? 
  how many high profile football players ? 
  how many neurosurgeons ? 
  you 're god damned ridiculous . 
  politicians like that are at a maximum of a few hundred in a country of 80 million people such as germany . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  do you honestly believe a high profile politician has fewer risks in life than you do ? 
  some nobody that has a bigger chance of getting struck by lightning than being involved in a terror attack ? 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  much appeal to emotion , such wow . 
  wow , way to lay on the populism even harder . 
  how many high profile politicians with enforced bmws and personal security are there compared to non-politicians ? 
  it 's like asking how many astronauts have been hurt in the recent terror attacks and then drawing some sick conclusion about them based on that . 
  politicians are far from perfectly safe , in fact , it 's why they need all of those things . 
  this kind of low-class populism is idiotic . 
  an mp just got shot like last month . 
  i 'd be willing to bet your risks are smaller than those of a high-profile politician . 
  yeah on reddit it takes about 3 comments until the discussion is turned around about how women are actually more violent but nobody takes domestic violence done by them seriously . 
  yeah that 's just not true . 
  turkey used to be more secular exactly because of democracy .
