  well ? 
  you can show it to me . 
  enlighten a fool . 
  feel free to provide said evidence . 
  no asshole . 
  i 'm defending people from being attacked and unfairly characterized based on their religion and sweeping generalizations made off that . 
  you dont know what every muslim believes , in fact i guarantee none of them actually follow islam to the letter , not even isis which routinely violates the quran . 
  the vast majority of muslims agree this is the case . 
  the real point is that everyone cherry picks shit from religion , christians , muslims , does n't matter , everyone does it . 
  the extent at which they do it and what parts they choose to ignore is entirely the product of environment , development , education and culture , not due to how islam is somehow inherently worse . 
  in fact there were time periods in history when christianity was objectively worse than islam . 
  also if you would have read the bible and not just the quran , which i doubt you read , you would know the old testament is the word of god and christians have the duty to follow it . 
  when you say christians dont its just another form of cherry picking and not actually based on the text . 
  as for who is unfairly attacking all muslims , you really have to look no further than this very topic . 
  do you want me to give you some examples in case you missed every toxic post ever on reddit with regarda to muslims ? 
  there is no evidence that immigrants are a bigger burden than the natives on the welfare system . 
   and that this difference has its roots in the religious texts ? 
  it 's funny you should say that when talking about how in islam women and gays are inferior . 
  you do realize it 's the same for christianity right ? 
   what muslims believe is a different matter , what matters is what the doctrine of the religion says actually what matters is the people , not the text , since christians ignore 90 % of the horrible shit in the bible too . 
  it 's people that do bad , not texts . 
  in fact , this whole debate with you is fucking stupid because i 've been conned to go down the rabbit hole comparing which religion has more toxic texts , when the problem is n't that . 
  the problem is that certain people love to generalize others and lump all muslims together based on nothing but their shared religion . 
  you probably think i 'm defending islam or that i consider it a good thing , so you have managed to completely miss the point of my argument . 
  you 're a fucking retard mate . 
  i was responding to the guy above that said nobody takes them seriously . 
  and yet those shite newspapers are the best selling in the entire uk . 
  you are seriously deluding yourself if you think nobody takes them seriously . 
  you and your friends may not , but plenty of people do , and they even vote accordingly to the shit they read in the tabloids . 
   the traditional media seem to use the term to refer to things that threaten their dominance or you know , to refer to actual fake news , as in outright lies or fabricated stories . 
  no , it didnt create fundamentalism , it only exacerbated it and directed it towards western countries that intervened in the me . 
  wait ... maybe theres something to that . 
  well , barring serious disease , there was no reason for people not to live to be 70 or 80 years old . 
  however life expectancy was very low back then exactly because there was a lot of disease and high infant mortality rates , so a lot of people died young . 
  if you had a bit of luck though you could live to old age . 
  spain and portugal are doing fine in recent years . 
  spain especially has strong growth and unemployment is falling rapidly . 
  italy has been stagnating for a long time , their issues reach beyond the eu . 
  greece is fucked though . 
  that 's some paranoid bs right there . 
  every religion has a tendency to want to spread through `` word '' , it 's just that most of us do n't view that as something to demonize all believers about . 
  he would have been richer today had be simply invested in mutual funds and did nothing in his life . 
  that is how good he is as a businessman . 
  it 's ironic that we 're having this discussion while there 's literally this thread up right now : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/6d4vax/muslim_community_worker_reported_salman_abedi_to/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=browse&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=worldnews where they 're discussing how the muslim community often tips the police about these madman , imam 's that preach against isis and religious communities that report people who start to act strangely . 
  so , no , it does not seem to me like they have a common goal . 
  only a very small percentage of muslims support isis . 
  maybe you should n't draw such conclusions about muslims as a whole ? 
  nah , that 's too hard , it 's easier to demonize them for their religion , that will surely help our cause . 
   though i think the bitterness will pass with time . 
  no doubt . 
  it probably had to do with the fact that the uk was then in an economic tough spot , so the politicians managed to sell joining the eu as doing good for the economy , while completely failing to mention and educate the uk 's population on the political ramifications . 
  a shame though , because we ended up with a lot of bitter people on both sides . 
   and we knew that we lost the battle on how centralised things were going to get . 
  that 's the weird part , that the uk joined the union with some kind of mission to do battle against a more federal eu , despite the fact that it was obvious from the get-go that the eu 's goal is to become an ever closer union . 
  i see what the uk did as joining a relationship in which they hate the values of their so but think they can somehow change them to see things their way . 
  dude how the fuck can one be a `` good nazi '' ? 
  being a nazi at its very core means you believe other races are inferior . 
  muslims do n't believe christians are inferior , in fact if you had really read the quran you 'd know this is not the case . 
   `` surely those who believe , and those who are jews , and the christians , and the sabians -- whoever believes in god and the last day and does good , they shall have their reward from their lord . 
  and there will be no fear for them , nor shall they grieve '' so no . 
  islam is not like nazism . 
  there are some terrible things in the quran , but there are terrible things in the bible too , especially in the old testament which is supposedly the word of god himself . 
  it 's useless to argue with you because you believe muslims are all bad because islam has shitty parts , while completely disregarding the fact that so does every other religion , since they 're based on the understanding that people living 1500-2000 years ago had of the world . 
  so obviously not progressive and incompatible with modern values . 
  the bottom line however is that people cherry pick whatever the fuck they want from religion , this is the case everywhere , with every major religion . 
  you can read more about it in my post here , since i do n't feel like rewriting the same thing : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d0d0e/manchester_united/dhzub23/  a lot of the jew hatred did come out of centuries of christian preaching that they killed jesus , but it does not make christianity a nazi ideology on its own . 
  smartest thing you 've said all day . 
  the fact that a religion has negative aspects and has been used for evil does not make it literally nazism and does not make its members fascists . 
  what 's so hard to understand about the fact that 99.99 % of muslims do n't go around killing people ? 
  you can criticize islam all you want , but do n't be blinded by hypocrisy , every religion can be toxic , it depends more on the environment in which it exists than the religion in itself . 
  there are tribal , racist and bigoted idiots everywhere , it 's just that if you add a lack of education , poverty and war to the mix , people tend to revert back to that even more . 
   islamic doctrine does not differ much from nazi ideology , which is why hitler lamented that germany was christian instead of muslim : there are no good nazis , there are hundreds of millions of muslims that are decent , normal people that do not hurt others . 
  so ... how about no . 
  just because hitler praised something does n't make it a nazi thing . 
   gay hatred and jew hatred is prevalent in islam . 
  gay hatred and jew hatred was extremely prevalent in europe too as far as a few decades ago . 
  does that make christianity a nazi ideology too ? 
  your logic makes no sense . 
  those things have way more to do with the circumstances of the middle east than the religion . 
   ou 're a fool who defends a fascist ideology and who got conned into helping them enforce islamic blasphemy laws . 
  defends ? 
  i think all religion is stupid . 
  i also think people that want to antagonize all muslims because of the actions of terrorists are even stupider . 
   you will see the light eventually , as many who defended communism did . 
  i wish i could say the same about you , but i do n't think you 'll ever wise up . 
   fascist ideologies should be satirised to the maximum extent possible . 
  yeah , that 's why i 'm satirizing people like you . 
  now you 're comparing them to the nazis . 
  yeah man we got it . 
  seriously . 
  you 're a xenophobic cunt . 
  it 's cool . 
  we ca n't all have the mental capacity to differentiate between fascism and a religion with a billion + followers . 
  yiu missed the point entirely . 
  it was not a comparisson between who has the most terrorists . 
  although you did indirectly touch upon it when you said christians have mostly set aside the old testament . 
  so you think muslims as a whole conspire with daesh . 
  lol . 
  grasping at straws much ? 
  you hate muslims , we get it .
