  i have never understood people like you . 
  isis is a problem , and your way of solving that problem is through electing someone that is going to alienate the entire muslim population ? 
  and you think this is going to make things better ? 
  if she 'd only be fighting isis i would have no problem with it , but what she 's doing is using nationalism and xenophobia to further her political goals , which is fucking disgusting and also very worrying that so many people are so easily swayed by such rhetoric . 
   thought crime i do n't think you know what that means . 
  thought crime means being punished for something you think . 
  what she did was post graphic images of beheadings on twitter , which is illegal in france . 
  she got punished for an action , not a thought . 
  i think the law is pretty stupid and i 've said this before , but it is in fact the law , and it 's even more stupid for le pen not to get prosecuted just because she 's a politician . 
   right before the election yeah , guess what , politicians are almost always campaigning . 
  i swear , this topic once again confirms people that support these politicians have absolutely no logic and rational though whatsoever . 
  because if you would , you would realize that even if all your conspiracies were true , it 's still a fucking dumb idea that would only serve to hurt the cause of her enemies , since she will almost 100 % not get a single day of jail time , she 'll still be able to campaign , and like so many have pointed out it only really does her a favor thanks to her posing as a martyr that is being unfairly investigated for wanting to protect the french people from those dirty sand people . 
  the propaganda spin machine of the far right is already doing such a good job at spinning this as some political hit being done by the left in order to hurt their queen . 
  it 's disgusting how many are falling for shit like this . 
  investigations do n't happen that fast ? 
  politicians are almost always campaigning for one thing or another , it 's ridiculous to expect them to not be prosecuted during . 
   could it be that a strong economy means shit for poor people ? 
  no , because poverty in germany 's case means earning 1000 euros per month net , while in poorer countries it means you live off 200 euros , and in very poor ones you live off $ 20 . 
  surprise surprise , poverty in relative , and the poverty you find in germany is a life of luxury compared to the living standards of other countries . 
  being an economic powerhouse does n't mean everyone is rich . 
  some people lack any kind of education , ca n't find a job and are unwilling to locate to another area with more jobs , there 's also stay at home moms , subsistence farmers , criminals and many other people which can fit the description because of reasons independent of germany being an economic power house . 
  you ca n't force people to get a good education and find a good job , which really is n't hard to do in germany . 
  some are truly victims of their own making . 
  people in eastern europe live on less than 300 euros . 
  i know this is relative poverty , but it would be good to remember that , it 's relative . 
  and no , prices in germany are n't that much higher when it comes to basic consumer goods . 
  i did n't ask what it looks like . 
  i asked if you think the judicial and the parliament should n't perform their duties and lift her immunity because it might grow her support . 
  i 'm sorry but people that do n't understand that politicians should still answer in front of the law even if they 're campaigning probably vote mlp anyway . 
  furthermore , this does n't prevent her from running , so if it 's such a great campaign point for her then she should be glad they lifted her immunity . 
  i honestly still do n't see what 's the point you 're trying to make . 
  it seems like you 're trying to say that the eu should n't have voted to lift her immunity so she can be prosecuted for a crime she committed because it might grow her support . 
  which is stupid . 
  it isnt about disliking anyone it is about using quite obvious and specific elements that the nazis used to get into power . 
  nazis werent always that one party that comitted the holocaust , at one point they were national socialists with rhetoric very similar to the one displayed by the current far right . 
  conveniently enough you leave out the fact that her supporters already hate the eus guts for both real and imagined facts . 
  also maybe the parliament lifted her immunity because there was enough proof as you said ? 
  are you really saying they shouldnt have voter their duty because it might grow her political support ? 
  and you should try to not be so pedantic . 
  nazi is just what people call fascism and far right nationalism . 
  language adapts , deal with it . 
  you dont have to hate jews to be a far right fascist . 
  hating other minorities is also good enough !, 
  combine it with his rhetoric and style of politics and his creepy ass blonde hair and blue eyes and i think we have a winner . 
  what do you understand through stupidly rich ? 
  relative to the rest of the world you 're among the most well off nations by far . 
  or are you comparing your country to some future nation standard where there are no shortages anymore at all and nobody has to work more than 20 hours ? 
  well , the proof is literally her twitter post which was public , but yes , there is such a thing as presumption of innocence , luckily for le pen , we on reddit are n't her judges . 
  furthermore , in order for a judge to determine her guilt , her immunity needs to be removed , so i get that you 're agreeing with the decision ? 
  saying isis are bad and then explaining why is an opinion . 
  posting a graphic video which is illegal in france , is breaking the law . 
  her political opinions do n't absolve her from committing crimes . 
  why is this so hard to comprehend for you ? 
  that 's like saying her opinions on muslims are well known so if she drives over one then it is n't a crime . 
  having a political opinion and breaking the law are two separate issues . 
  she is n't being prosecuting for her `` opinions on terrorism '' , she is being investigated for breaking the law by posting extremely explicit graphic violence on twitter , which seems to be a crime in france . 
  now , personally , i do n't think it should be a crime necessarily , but it is and she broke the law . 
  what are we gon na do ? 
  just choose when to enforce the law or not based on who breaks it and their political opinions ? 
  ever heard of rule of law ? 
  equality of citizens in front of the law ? 
  nobody shall be above the law ? 
  but hey , glad you finally adhered to a position instead of tip-toeing around claiming you hold no opinion . 
  and as i said it 's a common expression that is in fact used to refer to other countries as well . 
  you may just be way too sensitive . 
  so you do n't actually disagree with the fact that putin is the de facto dictator of a highly authoritarian state , just with the fact that journalists do n't seem to call turkey as erdogan 's turkey as often as they call russia as putin 's russia in your opinion ? 
  jesus christ , that 's an overreaction . 
  it 's a common expression to use the name of the leader to refer to a country as x 's country . 
  they even call germany as merkel 's germany every so often , even though it 's much more apt to call russia like that . 
  they do n't , and you do n't seem to either , since the quote makes it perfectly clear that immunity exists to shield from prosecution regarding political opinions and votes . 
  which is not what is happening here . 
  ours are more corrupt , correct , but it 's still true they use the same defense whenever they 're being prosecuted for crimes they committed . 
  the main point is that if she broke the law , she needs to answer for that , and immunity should n't be used to block investigations into crimes . 
  immunity exists only to protect politicians from being prosecuted for the votes they cast or the political opinions they express , not for breaking the law . 
  what was the purpose of the response then ? 
  you responded to a question asking why the eu should block the french authorities using that quote . 
  it seemed like you were implying her immunity should stand , but okay . 
  if it 's the `` you 're wrong '' part you have a problem with , then consider it further clarification that no , the eu should not block the french authorities . 
  putin has been running russia for 20 years and it does n't look like he has any intention of stepping down . 
  but in case you were n't just being purposely obtuse , people call it putin 's russia because he is a de facto dictator running a highly authoritarian state . 
  you responded to a guy asking why the eu should block the french authorities from investigating le pen , as if the quote is a good argument for why . 
  hence why i deduced that your opinion is that she should protected . 
  if i was wrong then ok . 
  so you think the eu parliament should n't protect le pen , correct ? 
  or you just do n't have any reading comprehension . 
  i 'm agreeing with the quote and pointing out that it is refers to political votes and opinions , not crimes committed by members of parliament . 
  it really is n't that hard to understand the distinction . 
  for example , le pen could n't be prosecuted for voting yes on a law banning forks from the kitchen or holding the opinion that the eu is useless and needs to be dismantled . 
  she , however , can be prosecuted for breaking the law , and immunity does not and should not protect from that . 
  it 's your opinion i 'm disagreeing with , which is that she should be protected from the crimes she committed due to her immunity . 
  one is a consensual act of love between two consenting adults and the other is extremely graphic violence causing emotional trauma ? 
  inb4 `` but gay acts cause emotional trauma too '', 
   in respect of opinions expressed or votes cast by them in the performance of their duties immunity exists to shied politicians from prosecution regarding political votes and opinions , not committing crimes . 
  unfortunately the romanian parliament seems to share your opinion , much to our despair . 
  wait . 
  are you saying the judicial should n't prosecute people for crimes if they 're campaigning ? 
  really ? 
  that 's the same defense corrupt politicians in romania use . 
  i guess we really are not that different after all < 3, 
  it 's almost like they 're a bunch of liars and hypocrites that say nice sounding things in order to get elected .
