  why france and germany ? 
  well , both countries are somewhat sympathetic towards russia and they have big economic ties , so no surprise there . 
  germany and france decided to follow their own interests by fucking over ukraine . 
  nothing new . 
  do n't get me wrong i have nothing against france and germany , but man oh man , they do not give a fuck about eastern european countries at all . 
  it 's the same reason why romania considers the usa its closest ally despite having almost no real connection with them , our connections to france and germany are way stronger , but people simply do n't believe they would help us in our time of need . 
  except for the ukraine . 
  which is dumb because ukraine is literally on the doorstep of the eu . 
  why people in western europe think it has nothing to do with them is beyond me . 
  if the situation in ukraine were to truly escalate , the refugee crisis we had last year would be nothing compared to what would follow . 
  i bet people would care then . 
  you 're right , but you 're kidding yourself if you think 1000 jobs make up for the number of jobs that will be lost . 
  i 'm pretty sure economists have predicted the uk will lose at least a few hundred thousand jobs because of the brexit . 
  i guess , but it 's perfectly understandable and justified . 
  i definitely think they get more in return for that spending in terms of influence , innovation and security . 
  culture is influenced by political and economical institutions . 
  not to mention that very few are going to be going to canada . 
  whomever wanted to leave , already left for other eu countries . 
  most people would rather stay closer to home and still be in europe anyway . 
  sure dude . 
  blame it all on us . 
  you 've got your very own chance at integrating them now so let 's see you do it . 
  not really , there 's a strong hungarian and greek diaspora in the usa . 
  romanians are non-existent . 
  the fact that you 're so convinced it wo n't before you 've even seen it should be a red flag for both you and everyone else buying into the whole conspiracy . 
  if you already start out with a conclusion in mind and you 're convinced of it , it does n't take much to `` prove '' it . 
  because it 's bullshit , that 's why . 
  the eu is by far the biggest protector of consumers , environmental regulations and human rights in the world . 
  those rankings seem extremely off . 
  high tech density for the usa gets a score of 1 ? 
  like what ? 
  almost all of the biggest tech companies in the world are usa based . 
  also , singapore getting a crazy high patent score based on the number of people per million , which for a city-state completely skews the results . 
  i do n't think you can really compare the usa to small countries of a few million people in the first place . 
  the usa could never work on a nordic model . 
  i do n't know , maybe the welfare states really do innovate as much more as the usa does based on their population size , i just do n't think it 's a very valid comparison . 
  it 's one thing to have a very small but highly educated population , or being a city-state like singapore , and it 's another to have 300 million people to care for out of which 15 % are 1 ` st gen immigrants . 
  true , but that doesnt take away achievement from them . 
  the us is by far the world 's biggest innovator and has been at least since ww2 . 
  their system encourages competition more than our social democracies do , but at a cost . 
  their market size isnt even that big . 
  its way smaller than the eu or china . 
  not the point tho . 
  they still have the `` head start '' on most things even now . 
  the usa is nato basically , the rest dont even spend the required 2 % . 
  doesnt it make sense that they would spend 3-4 % ? 
  actually it 's easier when the differences are n't yet that large . 
  problem is that the longer we wait the bigger the distance will be . 
  right now it really would n't take that much to bring moldova to our level , they 're a small country . 
  but the longer we wait the harder it will get . 
  any population can be brainwashed . 
  nobody is saying moldavians are stupider than anyone else , but propaganda is a real thing , it 's not made up , and the ussr had bucket loads of it . 
  read about it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_in_the_soviet_union these are facts mate , not political opinions . 
  everything is real , it 's not some conspiracy , it 's well backed by evidence and the experience of millions of people that went through it . 
  our parents lived through it , they basically had about 2 hours of television per day , with most of that time being used to broadcast soviet and communist propaganda . 
  they changed history around to better fit a narrative , censorship was extremely harsh , there was no free media , informants everywhere ( 700k of them in romania ) . 
  people were paranoid , they were also lied to all the time and they had very little other sources of information besides that of the regime . 
  i mean it really is as bad as it sounds . 
  they just did n't bother with the referendum , but yes , it was an annexation . 
  so now being a good communicator is apparently seen as a negative trait that gets you branded as a rat . 
  nice job , you went full crazy . 
  they do n't spend that much proportional to their gdp though . 
  they 're a global power so it 's expected that they 'll pay more for military , but the number that matters is the percentage of gdp , which is 3.3 % for military . 
  that 's not that much if you think about it . 
  russia spends about 5 % , china about 2 % if you really think about it , the military probably brings them a very good return on investment . 
  i mean besides the obvious advantages of having such a great military force , the military also innovates a lot in technology and engineering , so i 'd say that 3.3 % of the gdp is n't that much all things considered . 
  they 're simply more on the capitalist side . 
  the advantage is that the usa innovates way more than the rest of the world and they have a huge influence on the world economy ... well they have a huge influence over everything but you get my point . 
  the american system i think is better for competition and driving creativity and innovation , but less good for the less competitive part of the population . 
  it 's still not a hellhole by any means like you said , but you ca n't really have them all . 
  it 's true as a general rule , but there are exceptions of course . 
  real gdp per capita is a good general indicator . 
  the usa is simply more on the capitalist side and has a way higher immigrant population than france , it 's not the hellhole people are describing it to be on reddit . 
  most americans are n't really worse off than the average french or brit , salaries are high and decent jobs have health insurance benefits . 
  not really because it never happened . 
  the eu has gained massive support since the brexit , most people are now pro-eu by a large margin . 
  except there are n't any dictators in brussels . 
  you 're just being a disingenuous propagandist . 
  dude , the eu is by far the most ` consumer friendly ' of the big players . 
  by going at it alone all you 're really going to be doing is put yourself in the position to have to truly compete with them , guess what that means ? 
  it means that your standards are going to drop even lower , that 's what . 
  it shows just how corrupt murdoch is . 
  he wanted the uk to leave the eu all along because in his words :  i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . ', 
  he managed to brainwash half the country . 
  it just shows the power of good populist propaganda . 
  lots of people can buy into it without realizing it and then the nation is suddenly ok with people getting beat up for their ethnicity or race . 
  i just hope it does n't go that far and now that it has all come out in the open it can finally be fought against . 
  sadly . 
  i still wish it would n't have come down to this . 
  i did what i could to warn people even here on reddit , but when people are on the crazy train they do n't wan na get off . 
  i honestly would n't even be surprised if at least some of the attackers were people posting here on / r/europe about immigrants , because some of those posters had some absolutely vile comments even going as far as inciting for violence and agreeing with arsonists about setting refugee camps on fire . 
  some absolute vile shit has been going on around here for the past year and at one point it even became the dominant circlejerk . 
  violence is fucking wrong , especially violence against innocent people walking the streets of britain . 
  those people do n't deserve the treatment they 're getting from the people of britain , so no shit society is outraged . 
  it should be outraged . 
  it 's simply unacceptable to act like a tribalistic moron in the 21 ` st century . 
  if people have concerns they should learn to talk about them in a civil matter .
