  it 's really ridiculous . 
  yeah but it 's not like they became less prosperous either . 
  also cities like new york have definitely become more diverse while also becoming more prosperous . 
  there 's dozens of monoethnic states that are not successful . 
  also democracies . 
  just look at eastern europe . 
  monoethnic as they come , but still much poorer than the west . 
  you take what you can get . 
  you should n't take my word for it . 
  it 's simple math . 
  the eu 's economy is much larger . 
  germany has a gdp that is almost 3 times higher than that of russia , with a much lower population . 
  the eu would just buy gas from someplace else , for more money yes , but it 's going to be negligible compared to eu 's gdp . 
  russia on the other hand derives a large part of their state budget from the export of energy , so proportionally they are going to feel the hit way harder than the eu ever will . 
  we would hardly be shooting yourselves in the foot . 
  the eu can take way more than russia can , so if anything , we would be shooting them in the foot , arms and torso . 
  if we are n't willing to use that to our advantage , then i guess we put up with them and their antics . 
  that 's easy to say while things are still going pretty okay . 
  but once people have real difficulties and start to see their living standards drop , they wo n't be so happy with trading their well being for national pride . 
  in any case i think reducing dependency of russia is to be desired and giving them less money is a nice bonus . 
  i just do n't see how making the judiciary more like politics is going to be a good thing in the end . 
  if you want elections , suddenly judges need to campaign , which means money , which means donations , you get where i am going with this . 
  it is n't even about some big ideological difference , i just do n't get why making the justice system more political is going to turn out for the better , considering that judges apply the law , it is literally their only duty , which means they do n't have to be guided by political ideology . 
  honestly because the current sanctions are shit . 
  the only thing that will really affect russia is hitting them in the energy sector . 
  judges are n't the ruling class and the law is n't like politics . 
  the law needs to be applied correctly , not according to political beliefs . 
  if you want judges to be competent in applying the laws , then you need to encourage professional competence through exams and good training , and not to have a popularity contest . 
  you would be if you would refuse to sanction them . 
  when it takes 10 years and 2 bn to build 30km of highway ( a3 ) , you realize it 's not really about lack of money . 
  well then guess how you discourage russia from further aggression ? 
  hint : it 's not through appeasing them . 
  modern democracies are n't supposed to be effective , that 's why there are so many checks and balances , so change can only happen gradually . 
  this is to safeguard the whole system . 
  it 's a trade off , but well worth it , since countries usually do the best when politicians do n't have too much power . 
   i 'd like for the judiciary to be chosen in free elections by the people , just like the executive and legislative are terrible idea . 
  you seem to want charismatic judges over professionally competent ones . 
  it 'll just turn into another shit show like politics , where the best liars will win , instead of the most competent . 
  it is a safety switch . 
  you seem to favor centralization of power . 
  if the executive would 've been as one , then the law would have passed the judiciary would also belong to the executive . 
  you 're basically aiming for a dictatorship at that point . 
  or maybe you think a dictatorship would be better for you . 
  hope not . 
  more like he acted on his responsibilities to protect polish democracy and suddenly he 's the bad guy because he was n't * loyal * . 
  your problem seems to be that you value loyalty more than anything else . 
  blind submission is not something to be admired . 
  becoming an autarky is not something desirable . 
  it will lead to lower standards of living for all russians . 
  but at least everything is produced locally , lol . 
  yeah well the sanctions clearly followed the annexation and not the other way around . 
  so maybe russian citizens need to wake up and stop blindly following state tv propaganda . 
  ee is actually concerned about russia . 
  germany on the other hand could not care less , they know russia is absolutely no threat to them , so of course they care more about the economic aspect of trading with russia than the threat they pose militarily . 
  if by political choice you mean the world becoming more interconnected due to technology , ease of travel and communication and the internet . 
  then sure . 
  it 's a political choice . 
  after all those are the things that drive globalization . 
  it 's inevitable , because people do n't want to wall themselves off from the world , technology allows us to freely trade , communicate and travel , so unless people wan na give all that up , globalization is definitely happening . 
  yeah israel is so great / s i find it hilarious that people think israel is a better country to live in than sweden for example because immigrants . 
  yea , because that is what france needs , more icbms , not culture . 
   yes , because granting asylum or something similar to an unlimited number is not in the constitution . 
  you are right , it 's not , which is why asylum is n't granted to everyone that comes asking for it . 
  the right to asylum is the right to request it and have it given if you meet the criteria . 
  this is already the case . 
  separate issues such as failing to deport people are just that , separate issues which need to be solved , not by removing the right to ask for asylum , but by improving deportation efficiency . 
   they should not be implemented in a way , that risks the guarantee of other human rights or constitutional laws . 
  that 's constitutional law 101 . 
  again you are right . 
  even discrimination is allowed when it is a. legal ( as in there 's a law for it ) b. it follows a legitimate purpose c. it puts in balance the rights of an individual vs the general interest of society and d. the restriction is proportional to the legitimate purpose it follows and the general interest of society . 
  this is actually where the debate lies . 
  problem is it 's impossible to have it if you 're just gon na shoot blanket statements such as `` immigrants are trouble '' or `` asylum should n't exist '' . 
  first of all the right to asylum definitely should exist and as i 've already said it does n't mean people automatically get it just because they request it . 
  second of all everyone needs to be treated on a case to case basis . 
  and third of all , which is the most important part , such as discrimination would not even pass point a. because it would not actually be legal , unless you change the constitution . 
   police is telling women they should not go out alone at night . 
  migrants are causing ruckus at every second ` volksfest ' . 
  attacks on gay people and people wearing crosses . 
  this is something that simply did not exist in my parent 's generation . 
  is that literally nothing ? 
  i doubt crimes did n't exist in your parent 's generation and i doubt gays were treated very nicely 30 years ago . 
  sweden still had forced sterilization 40 years ago for example . 
  gay rights are only a thing for like the past decade . 
  i also bet that there 's plenty of white , non-muslims , that still treat gays like shit and even resort to physical violence . 
  just because every time a muslim does it ends up in the news it does n't mean that these things never used to happen or that only a certain race/religion/ethnicity is capable of doing it . 
  i do n't know what to answer about the police telling women not to go outside at night , i 've never heard about this . 
  as for festivals , it 's total fucking crap since `` sexual assaults '' have been happening at festivals since forever . 
  it 's only recently that people have started making a big deal about women get groped at festivals because they can blame it on immigrants , but it literally has always happened . 
  like i went to breitbart 2 weeks ago just to prove a point to someone , first article i find is about sexual assaults at a swedish festival and they blamed it on immigrants , but they literally had zero proof , they just said `` immigrants assault women at swedish festival '' and their proof was `` sources say '' , yea , what sources , what proof ? 
  i 'm not even doubting that some immigrants are ill-behaved , but it 's ridiculous to remove the constitutional right to asylum because of some retards at a festival . 
  it 's called https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reductio_ad_absurdum and it is a logical fallacy . 
  you can exaggerate anything to the proportions he did and prove how bad it is . 
  `` computer games are okay '' `` are you saying that if you play computer games 24 hours a day it 's okay ? 
  see , your position is wrong '' < - pretty much him, 
  i like how you put `` because it 's in the constitution '' in quotation marks . 
  limiting the number is discriminatory and against not just the constitution but pretty much the basis the eu is formed on , against the european convention of human rights and against the universal declaration of human rights . 
  but never mind that . 
  if the fact that you 're going to disregard all of those things is not a good argument , then just repeating over and over how germany will as we know it will disappear is an even worse one , since it 's based on literally nothing but what you feel will happen . 
  why do n't you look at your own argument first ? 
  you 're making some huge assumptions by saying that africans are going to invade europe .
