  people have voted for liberal , pro-eu politicians for many years because that 's how they considered the world should progress . 
  the fact that some are unhappy about this today does n't mean they do n't hve a choice , they have the same choice everyone else has and had , to vote their conscience and see if there 's a majority agreeing with them . 
  you ca n't please all the people . 
  well they can because it does n't change the fact that he 's an idiot , independent of those accusations . 
  it 's not like if you call a rapist a murderer , suddenly the fact that he 's a rapist is ok . 
  those were pretty much the norm during those times . 
  and people say the world is n't better off than it used to be ... 
  global warming is a chinese conspiracy - dj trump vaccines cause autism - dj trump just 2 out of dozens of examples for why people might legitimately consider him an idiot with no help from the media . 
  unless you believe the media making these facts known is a `` smear campaign '' . 
  as if you ca n't read that shit on his personal twitter . 
   ... it will be towards a joint eu force . 
  are you deliberately being obtuse ? 
  sounds simple enough . 
  but only until you think about the fact that you 'd be forcing millions of people to leave their homes , something which nobody would want to do . 
  szekely land is their home , just because some of them might have a strong affection for hungary does n't mean they 'd be willing to up and move to the other side of transylvania . 
  if they wanted to do that they could 've just moved directly to hungary you know ? 
  so this really does n't make sense . 
  their attachment is firstly to their lands and only then to hungary . 
  on the other hand , good luck convincing a all the romanians that would have to leave their homes on the border because we 're giving back hungarians some of transylvania . 
  it 's pretty much out of the question , it only sounds good if you think of it very simplistically , but the fact is that people are connected to their lands , especially the older generations , and they wo n't and should n't accept being relocated to a whole new place en masse . 
  it 's also very naive to think it would solve the issue . 
  first of all most people do n't really have an issue , it 's mostly the extremist on both sides that do . 
  you seem to think they would be pacified and we would all move on happily ever after if we 'd just swap some populations and cede some territory , but you 're mistaken if you think that the ultra-nationalists care about that , they want to see hungary big again like it used to be before 1918 , they do n't give a single fuck about the hungarians living in romania ( in fact many are quite rude towards them ) and they certainly would n't just become cool with everything if your solution would be implemented . 
  same for the romanian ultra-nationalist , they 'd be foaming at the mouth if anyone would even suggest such a thing . 
  what i 'm saying is that things are fine as is and the only ones that still have a problem are the idiots on both sides , trying to somehow solve the issue for them would only create much bigger ones for all the people that just want to live their lives in peace in the lands where they were born , and like i said it would n't even really calm down all the rabid ones . 
  you 'd just be opening pandora 's box . 
   the annexation of crimea and the mess in dombass are bith direct results of american meddling in european affairs and blatant lying to the russians . 
  bait line and hook for putin 's narrative i see . 
  the explanation is much simpler and much more nefarious , russia just really really did n't want to see ukraine turn towards the west and sign any treaties with the eu . 
  why would anyone put the uk into the equation when they 're leaving ? 
  it ca n't really be done in romania 's case as the places where there 's a majority hungarian population are in the heart of the country . 
  i doubt hungary even wants them considering they 're among the poorest regions of romania . 
  i wonder why far righters throw such a fit every time they read about a muslim raping a white woman but you absolutely never hear them talk about it when it 's white men doing the raping . 
  in fact , they even vote people that sexually assaulted women into positions of power * cough * trump . 
  it 's almost like these modern day heroes and soliders of the light give no shits about the issues women are facing and about rape as a phenomenon that has been plaguing women since the dawn of man . 
  it 's almost like they only care about it if it gives them justification to spew their hate towards minorities . 
  almost ... 
  lol , great reason for transylvania to stay with hungary . 
  still ignoring the large romanian majority living there i see . 
   so that the focus has switched completely from the fact that djt completely ignores a fuckload of his election promises . 
  yea of course . 
  he knows that as long as he keeps the whole muslim ban topic in prime time his supporters are going to be happy and feeling like he has their backs while the opposition is going to be busy arguing against it . 
  trump is bad at many things , but he 's very good at playing people . 
  the guy is a conman through and through and probably a sociopath to a small degree . 
  thing is tho , most of the shit the republicans are going to pass through is n't really going to be anything illegal or fascist , it 's just going to be all of the shit they promised to their big corporate donors . 
  nothing like fighting those pesky environmental agencies raining on big oil 's parade or his healthcare plan to help big pharma . 
  the biggest lie trump voters swallowed was thinking that trump , the billionaire that has been playing the game for decades , actually understands them and is out to help the little guy . 
  because people are saying that it is n't a working democracy anymore , but whatever , i already clarified . 
  trump 's election is of course worrying , but if your democracy ca n't handle a trump , then it really was n't much of a democracy in the first place . 
  let 's see how it plays out then . 
  still comparing the us to russia is pretty retarded and i 'll say it again , in russia democracy has actually stopped working a long time ago , that 's if they ever really had it in the first place . 
  you can listen to the tape yourself or read the transcripts . 
  he boasted about sexually assaulting women , you have to be a pretty die hard trump supporter to not hear the obvious . 
  what does it matter that kennedy was a manwhore anyway ? 
  the guy has been dead for decades and i do n't think his transgressions were on the rapey side either . 
   also , i can bet everyone else who was a president of the us did the equivalent or worse . 
  like hell , that 's a shallow and baseless affirmation . 
  nobody is innocent , but trump has shown time and time again to lack any empathy and he 's a major fucking narcissist that seriously believes he 's the hottest shit ever . 
  i still remember when at the debates he said that nobody respects women more than he does in a totally serious voice and everyone started laughing . 
  the guy seriously thinks that everything he does and says is the greatest and it ca n't be wrong and he viciously attacks anyone that points out his lies or contradictions . 
  if you look at a checklist and compare it to trump 's personality you hit all the marks i swear , but it 's definitely the exaggerated narcissism , constant lying , impulsiveness and general superficiality that stand out the most . 
  if you listen to his speeches long enough you realize he almost never says anything of substance , just words that sound good to people . 
  like , even when he does very rarely offer a solution , it never makes sense if you really think about it to the end , but such is the nature of populists . 
  they wo n't be . 
  i did n't put still there because i think america will turn dictatorship any second now . 
  there 's a world difference between the current state of russia and that of the usa . 
  so you think that somehow a majority of people living in transylvania wanted to stay with hungary despite the region having only a 30 % hungarian population ? 
  cause that 's more believable . 
  you 're only nitpicking and ignoring the larger points being made . 
  bruh , most of the territories they lost were inhabited by only a minority of hungarians . 
  pretty insulting to say it sucks they lost them when 60-70 % of the population living there were romanian/croat/slovakian ethnics . 
  it 's like being sad the maps do n't look so great for hungary as they used to while disregarding the fact that land belongs to people and not the other way around . 
   it 's the same conspiratorial thinking as about russia being , at the same time , a nefarious power secretly pulling all the strings of recent western developments and being a waning power that is largely irrelevant because they have the gdp of italy and are shrinking . 
  it 's not at all like that . 
  russia has a lot of military and information might , even if their economy is in the gutter . 
  it helps that they have a bigger military budget than any western or eastern european country proportionally to their gdp and it also helps that they inherited a lot of the soviet military might ( which was also investing very disproportionately in their military ) . 
  so while russia has a lot of economic problems , they 're pretty top notch when it comes to military and intelligence . 
  it does n't take that much money to help far right parties with a few million here and there and with information ( like the dnc hacking ) or propaganda backing . 
  it also helps that russia is controlled by a strongman and is n't like the western democracies which are easy to exploit due to the constant in-fighting for power . 
  the romanian and the saxon people living there ? 
  why god are you being so dense . 
  hungarians were a minority in transylvania , even after centuries of owning it . 
  if that does n't convince you that it never really belong to the hungarian people i do n't know what will . 
  you 're basically saying transylvania is rightfully yours due to military conquest but then you turn around and bitch about the romanians conquering it . 
  that 's ironic innit ? 
  at the end of the day though , hungarians were but a minority in transylvania . 
  so the real question is why do you believe so strongly that a region where your people were only a minority should belong to you ? 
  if the answer is military conquest , then go back to the 2 ` nd paragraph and realize the irony . 
  most hungarians do n't mind living in romania contrary to what you might believe . 
  most of us live together in harmony . 
  it 's only a minority that wants to separate and even fewer that want transylvania to join hungary . 
  it 's true that you conquered transylvania . 
  but it 's pretty telling that even after centuries of controlling it romanian ethnics still greatly outnumbered hungarians . 
  you think that your military claim over transylvania is the one that should have priority , we think that the will of the majority romanian population that lives there should . 
  what 's really ironic is that hungarians bitch about romanians conquering transylvania while also admitting they did the same . 
  at the end of the day though , there were still twice as many romanians living there than hungarians and it certainly was n't because the hungarians were so generous with romanians . 
  quite the contrary , the romanian population was pretty oppressed . 
  which part is sarcasm tho ? 
  the guy literally talks about how he just grabs women by the pussy and he does n't even wait and his home boy bannon talks about wanting to start a religious war . 
  except for the small difference that in the case of ww1 , everyone did actually want it to happen .
