  we have a choice of going backwards or forward . 
  i think going backwards would be pretty much a disaster , so for me it 's always forward . 
  unfortunately people seem to be way too busy being selfish at the moment for that to happen . 
  it does reveal `` the dark side '' but you wo n't like what that dark side is in my opinion . 
  it 's that we 're integrated enough that we ca n't afford to not be more integrated . 
  the biggest problem the eu has is that it is n't a real union yet which makes it much harder to have a coherent economy . 
  your economy would 've never gotten as big as it is now without the eu , so maybe your average joe is just way too short sighted to realize that all western european countries have benefited a lot through the expansion of the eu , in exports , stability and political influence . 
  cheap foreign workers also mostly take the jobs most dutch do n't even want to do , like picking tomatoes and shit . 
  maybe , but somehow a lot of you have convinced yourselves that you would 've been better off with the eu , which i do n't think is the case . 
  we in general has profited a lot from an expanding eu . 
  pretty much every eastern european country has developed a lot since joining the eu , so i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  it 's also nothing like austro-hungarian colonialism . 
  we did actually decide as a society that we want to join the eu , and giving up some sovereignty is n't something that scares people so much over here as it does on the western side . 
  that 's pretty much the effect of the economic crisis . 
  we were all pretty happy with the eu , but once we hit a hard spot suddenly everyone thinks the eu is literally the ussr . 
  except it 's not really the new countries that are making it hard , it 's the big western european ones because all they see are the downsides and none of the positives . 
  highly developed , low poverty , high education . 
  it really is n't a mystery to determine why some countries are safer than others . 
   and being raped is a massively overblown fear ... according to men according to statistics it 's pretty likely to get raped as a woman over your lifetime , over 20 % for most countries . 
  according to men the chances are low , according to feminazis the chances are guaranteed , do you comprehend the point i 'm making ? 
  it 's that objectivity is truth , not biased opinions . 
  introducing a free hot meal in schools is one example that might actually pay off , their parents would be much more likely to send them to school if they know they do n't have to worry about another mouth to feed . 
  it 's a vicious cycle that needs to break somewhere . 
  because they 're seen as outsiders and criminals they develop a culture of being outsiders , if they develop such a culture more people will hate them , then it breeds more of the former and so on . 
  seeing as how they wo n't all one day just decide that they should be honest upstanding citizens even though most people hate their guts and nobody will hire them , we 're the ones responsible to break the cycle through giving them more opportunities and getting them to send their kids to school . 
  another good initiative would be to only give them social benefits if they actually send their kids to school . 
  talking about it is in any case way more productive than just hating them and saying they 're all a bunch of animals . 
  it may not be a problem of being open minded in your case , but a lack of understanding of why gypsies are the way they are in the first place and why their culture evolved the way it did . 
  what could help them is giving them more opportunities , simple as that , it will take a long time and they wo n't be at the same level as the natives for probably centuries , but you have to start somewhere . 
  the biggest problem is that like the other guy said , he 'd never hire a gypsy . 
  i linked to an article below to someone else about how the spanish are starting to do this with success . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/06/world/europe/06gypsy.html?_r=0  culture does n't exist in a void , it 's shaped by the environment . 
  if the environment is a hostile one , say , one where most people completely distrust you based on the color of your skin , maybe even think low enough about you to enslave you , it breeds traits such as living outside society , doing what you have to do survive , and so on . 
  culture is a living thing and it works similarly to the way evolution does , different traits get bred or go extinct based on environment . 
  every culture goes through these changes and it 's heavily influenced by circumstances . 
  you know , like how corruption was bred in romania because it was the only way to get ahead and get rich for a long while . 
  it 's nothing genetic in any case . 
  the bigger problem is that we have a culture in which a lot of people stop learning about things once they get out of school or at some random age of 30 or 40 when they 're just `` too old '' to change anything anymore . 
  knowledge and learning should be one of our most prized values , instead it 's viewed as useless . 
  `` how is it gon na help me in life to know the speed of light '' is the kind of rhetoric a lot of people have . 
   one is about the nation becoming a minority and losing the country forever see this part  massively overblown fear that is also fueled by russia connect the dots . 
  did you even read my post about culture ? 
  of course they have a shit culture , it 's just that it 's the product of centuries of slavery , hate , discrimination , not genetics like some people believe . 
  it 's funny how people are downvoting me for being the rational one , people want to have their hate and do n't want to hear why it might be misplaced . 
   with looking bad i meant looking bad in the eyes of other eu member states . 
  not having it bad in a general sense of living . 
  that 's very different . 
  i pretty much thought you said that we do n't know how bad you guys have it in the netherlands which is ridiculous . 
  there 's poverty in every country , no matter how rich . 
  most of the time it 's mentally ill people that are n't getting the help they need , alcoholics , drug addicts , homeless people and so on . 
  it 's very hard to help everyone , especially people that think they do n't need any help . 
  it does n't take that much money to go on a vacation , it just depends what your priorities are . 
  yeah , ok , ignore evidence and continue on with your hate . 
  it 's sad really . 
  i can help , it would be 90 % dislikes . 
  most people love to vacation in turkey , you 're viewed as very hospitable . 
  most romanians also love it when you mention hagi , we eat that shit up . 
  it probably stems from some latent anti-semitism that 's still present in a lot of european countries . 
  you 'd probably be around the netherlands . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  there 's also plenty of beautiful nature and castles around those cities . 
  you can visit / r/romania and take a look at our tourist guide on the sidebar . 
  what the hell , i 'll make it even easier : https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/wiki/travel, 
  people should n't hate an entire nation like that in the first place , despite what the media reports or does n't . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , people being as ignorant as they are about a fellow eu country , or people pretending like it 's an issue of media reporting . 
  the vast majority of people here in trasylvannia live peacefully together . 
  what does n't help is that both sides have their share of extremists , but i hope they 'll never be the majority ever again . 
  most of us have no grudges against ukrainian 's either . 
  i think the poll results are mostly by association with russia for some strange reason , even though you 're literally in a war with them today . 
  it 's not like romanians are the only ones racist against gypsies , they were slaves much throughout europe and are hated by most europeans . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/06/world/europe/06gypsy.html?_r=0 here 's a start though . 
  spain is actually starting to do a good job at it . 
  you know that probably wo n't happen . 
  even if it does , you know those kids wo n't have it easy . 
  you 're just hiding behind willful ignorance if you do n't think this has a huge impact on their culture . 
  culture does n't exist in a void , it 's shaped by the environment . 
  if the environment is a hostile one , say , one where most people completely distrust you based on the color of your skin , maybe even think low enough about you to enslave you , it breeds traits such as living outside society , doing what you have to do survive , and so on . 
  culture is a living thing and it works similarly to the way evolution does , different traits get bred or go extinct based on environment . 
  every culture goes through these changes and it 's heavily influenced by circumstances . 
  you know , like how corruption was bred in romania because it was the only way to get ahead and get rich for a long while . 
  it 's nothing genetic in any case . 
  maybe it all sounds like bullshit to you , i 'm just giving my 2 cents and some of my knowledge . 
  i made such an allusion because obviously talking numbers has no impact on your opinion . 
  i tried to prove how dutch exports are substantial enough even in poor countries to be worth the money you 're spending and you totally ignore it . 
  you completely refuse to acknowledge any kind of facts on the matter and you claim that because the average ukrainian ca n't afford your products no ukrainian does . 
  you also completely ignored the fact that romania used to be just as poor , and much smaller than ukraine , and you still exported many billions of euros our way . 
  your whole argument stands on the fact that `` the average ukrainian ca n't afford our goods '' while food products are the netherlands biggest export to a lot of countries . 
  do you think people there do n't eat ? 
  do you think they all eat rats on a skewer ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  it 's asinine to say that no ukrainian would buy dutch goods . 
  here 's a list of the netherland 's exports to greece : 1 . 
  meat : $ 319 million 2 . 
  pharmaceuticals : $ 293.4 million 3 . 
  electronic equipment : $ 270 million 4 . 
  machinery : $ 233.5 million 5 . 
  dairy , eggs , honey : $ 176.8 million 6 . 
  oil : $ 156.9 million 7 . 
  plastics : $ 89.8 million 8 . 
  medical , technical equipment : $ 79.9 million 9 .
