  oh wait , it does , it 's just that you do n't hear about it . 
  hanging presidents and ex-presidents for political decisions they make is stupid and useless . 
  you sound like a total tool . 
  i bet germany is still safer than whatever country you 're from , with attacks included . 
   t is a fact that both hillary clinton acting as sos and president obama have funded and supported radical islamists with arms , training and other financial and material support . 
  oh , you mean the same thing many of the former us presidents did ? 
  the only deluded one is you . 
  these attacks are statistically insignificant . 
  the only problem here is that you 're another victim of fearmongering that is buying into the narrative that the world is collapsing . 
  germany is one of the safest and best countries in the world to live in even with these attacks . 
  these terrorist attacks are like the flashier version of plane crashes . 
  crashes make very sensationalist news so each one gets a lot of scrutiny , that makes many people afraid of air travel thinking that it 's unsafe , even though your chances of dying are way smaller than with other forms of travel . 
  these terrorist attacks are even better in that regard , they usually cause less casualties but their media impact is even higher , thus making people feel like the world is on fire , despite the chances of being killed in such an attack are smaller than being hit by lightning . 
  some politicians thrive on drumming up the fear , that is how they get their votes , this only drives the narrative and the fear even further . 
  i do n't like to think about how stupid some people are , but then it 's showed into my face on reddit and i get a little sad . 
  dude , wake up from your fantasy world . 
  i 'm not disputing that there are `` scum '' out there , i 'm just observing a trend i 've seen recently wherein some people in eastern europe expect very high wages after just a few years of stable economic growth . 
  in romania 500-700e is a very good wage for someone working in the service industry so i ca n't really compare , most people would jump at that chance here . 
  actually they need both , like most countries . 
  the biggest problem is that while in some regions unemployment is extremely low , in others its very high , now you might say the problem should solve itself , but it does n't solve itself because often those people in the high unemployment areas are unwilling to move and `` chase the job '' , they want the jobs to come to them . 
  that 's all well and good , but it 's just not how things work . 
  or maybe those really are the market prices and paying more than that would mean not being able to compete . 
  i doubt it 's some conspiracy , it 's just economics . 
  people 's perceptions of what they should earn has gone up faster than the real economy has . 
  what ? 
  your posts are completely uninformed . 
  spending in romania has not slowed down at all because of the arrests , in fact the budget deficit has gone up because of all the extra spending our former and very corrupt pm has enacted or promised to enact . 
  development does n't happen overnight and you ca n't really expect wages to double every year either . 
  wages are going up in eastern europe , but it 's a working process , it feels like some people already feel like they should earn as much as westerners do with no knowledge of the reality of our situations . 
  wow , way to totally miss the point . 
  making blanket statements is what 's fucking stupid and using rape statistics to justify it only makes it even stupider . 
  we judge people individually , it 's literally what our laws and values dictate , to not judge people based on whatever group they 're a part of , but for their own individual actions and merits . 
  furthermore , i hate how manipulative many people are by conflating the refugee crisis with unfettered immigration . 
  that 's simply one big fat manipulation that is only meant to further whatever political and ideological goals people are trying to push . 
  the fact that orban is a populist is really not that debated among people that have a clue , you have to be a special kind of ignorant to pretend the guy is kind of savior . 
  populism can be good and bad , but populism that uses xenophobia-baiting and nationalism is pretty much always bad . 
  an example of the ` good ' kind of populism is the new deal in america , bad examples of populism include erdogan , putin , orban etc. 
  they 're merely using patriotism and nationalism to rally up people against perceived enemies , usually at the cost of creating hate and division between religious or ethnic groups , in order to further their political power . 
  that 's not really the `` good '' kind by any definition . 
  the most important thing everyone should know by now is that applying generalizations to individuals is wrong and painting a picture that every immigrant can be a dangerous terrorist or that they 're all just munching off the good old people of europe is both false and part of the whole xenophobic-baiting populism i was talking about . 
  people need to be aware of these traps if we 're not to repeat the same mistakes over and over again , but i have little hope . 
   they are using wealth that they contributed nothing to . 
  they are using buses payed by taxpayer money , and they ca n't be taxed as they 're there illegally ; they can use emergency rooms payed for by taxpayer money ; the police is protecting them at the expense of taxpayer money ; they are enjoying security , payed for by taxpayer money ; they are using quality roads , payed for by taxpayer money ; they are provided food , payed for by taxpayer money ; etc. 
  that applies to pretty much everyone that is n't employed , like people for disabilities for example . 
  we give people those things because it 's the human thing to do , we do n't refuse people because their contributions do n't match what they 're given and we do n't refuse people based merely on the assumption that x % of whatever group they 're a part of will not pull their weight later down the road . 
  does it really matter ? 
  it is pointlessly hateful and divisive . 
  you 're being disingenuous as fuck . 
  `` negative '' statistics can be found on every population , so where exactly do you draw the line ? 
  is it okay to bash people if 30 % of their ethnic/religious/race group think retarded things ? 
  or does it have to be higher ? 
  the stupidity of your position is that you 're ignoring a very basic and self-evident tenant that every human should know by now , and it 's that applying generalizations to individuals is fucking wrong . 
  period . 
  i can just as easily find statistics of a large amount of christians supporting violence against civilians , would you think it 's okay if people waged a crusade against christians as a whole because of it ? 
  you probably would n't , the reason being that either you 're a part of that group or you 're familiar enough with it to realize why that would be wrong . 
  the same logic however seems to not apply when talking about other groups . 
  no , you 're not getting the point . 
  the point is that any group of people can be painted to look bad , what makes this dangerous is n't whether there 's 1 , 10 , 100 or 1000 people that exemplify the propaganda , it 's that people are stupid and end up attributing those characteristics to the whole population , which leads to the very bad things that usually follow . 
  i do n't get how after everything humanity has been through , people are still not getting the simple fact that it 's not okay to use generalizations against individuals . 
   f a country is united by culture they will easily organize and throw out corrupt politicians , but there is no such thing . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  humans are great at creating division . 
  if there would n't be brown people to blame or religious minorities , people would just revert back to the age old liberal vs conservative or whatever , man vs woman , old people vs young people and so on . 
  you get my point . 
  no the people would n't be `` united '' , they 'd just bicker about different things . 
  i also guarantee that corrupt politicians and populists would still be elected and people would still end up blaming the other side for being ignorant hicks . 
  there are no racial or ethnic tensions in romania for example , not really , but psd still won most votes in the local elections despite the party being headed by a person sentenced irrevocably for voting fraud . 
  the only real difference is that instead of blaming a convenient minority , people just end up blaming old people , society is still very much not united and we are still unable to get rid of corrupt politicians . 
  believing in a conspiracy theory to explain what 's happening is throwing your arms up in the air and giving up trying to actually understand . 
  people have always , and i mean always been really good at creating divisions between themselves . 
  you think it 's all some long con conspiracy lasting ever since the first humans were born ? 
  people have always been faced with these issues . 
  terrorism is simply another form of war and tribalism , it 's not something new or special . 
  neither are the ethnic tensions . 
  funny thing is that all people everywhere have genetic make-ups that clearly show just how mixed we all are in reality and how close genetically , but we still fucking love drawing lines between us based on shit like skin color , ethnicity , religion , sex etc. 
  all sides are guilty of this by the way . 
  more or less anyway . 
  it 's more like both erdogan and putin have learned from the nationalist-populist handbook , so there 's resemblance between all of them . 
  hitler is just the most popular example that everyone likes to use . 
  it all boils down to nationalist-populist though , with some religious elements thrown in by erdogan . 
  i know . 
  people do n't know that the uk was in quite a bad shape when in joined the eea . 
  they can thank the eu for being one of the richest countries on earth . 
  nobody was saying about `` allying '' , but they are very similar , they 're both extreme ideologies that want to promote as much hate and division as possible . 
  it 's just that the islamists think the west is cancer and needs to be punished and the far right thinks islam is cancer and wants to punish muslims . 
  they 're different sides of the same coin . 
  this is n't some new idea either , it 's obviously so if you actually think about it . 
  dude , i 've personally talked to and interacted with people like that on reddit that believe in those things . 
  it 's a relatively common belief nowadays . 
  maybe you do n't want to believe it , but go visit / pol / for a while and see for yourself . 
  or you can just pay attention on / r/worldnews or even / r/europe . 
  you can find more and more people that are starting to believe that hurting others indiscriminately is the right thing to do . 
  obviously that 's a big problem that is going to bite us in the ass sooner or later . 
  the fact that people are pretending it 's not a problem is just making it worse . 
  so to answer the question , yes , i think some people would feel differently today reading about what breivik did . 
  i also think those `` some '' are not that few anymore . 
  you ca n't really win this war like that . 
  the vast majority of people do not subscribe to this extreme ideology so what 's there to fight ? 
  the attackers seem to be nutjobs with mental problems that end up being brainwashed by isis videos . 
  fighting isis is a start but not at any cost and we 're already doing that .
