  look mate , i do n't know what you 're talking about , but i assure you that it does n't cause you to run over 4 people without noticing . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/600655 found this . 
  says reaction time is n't impaired significantly . 
  i think driving carefully and keeping at the speed limit more than makes up for the supposed weaker reaction time . 
  i still think it 's wrong to do it , but not alcohol wrong that 's for sure . 
  more like driving when tired/sleepy wrong . 
  do you really think you have to be an angry teenager to dislike trump ? 
  i got some tweets for you in that case . 
  the best tweets . 
  yeah , you 're starting to sound like one more and more . 
  are you incapable of having your own thoughts ? 
  the campaign is over buddy . 
  furthermore nowhere does it say that soros gave money for shilling , it actually says he donated to clinton which is no secret and not to ctr . 
  you 're just shutting out contradictory opinions because you 're so paranoid as to believe people would only think orban is retarded if soros paid them . 
  trust me , people do n't need to be paid to realize why this whole ordeal is retarded . 
  no , democracy is more complicated than that . 
  that is why we have constitutions , and principles such as the rule of law . 
  voting is not all it takes . 
  one of the only informative posts in the whole thread . 
  bravo . 
  i would only add that what happened to the uk was in large part their fault , soros did profit from their recklessness and famously said `` if i didnt do it someody else would have '' . 
  yeah , murdoch 's media empire actually has real influence on people , while soros ' ngo 's are mostly unknown . 
  also the only ideology soros supports is liberalism . 
  nowhere does it state he wants to dehomogenize europe and people really dont even get what multiculturalism means . 
  it does not mean ` let 's bring 100 million poor africans to europe ' , it means ` let 's get along with those that already here ' , which is really the only rational thing to do . 
  he controls reddit now . 
  this guy must really control the whole world . 
  he is everywhere , with his shadowy jewish tentacles and whatnot . 
  nobody is safe !, 
  quick , take this tin foil hat !, 
  what do you think undermine countries means ? 
  funding ngo 's , speaking out against authoritarians , fighting against discrimination , is not undermining anything , it is a healthy part of any democracy . 
  seems people on the far right are wholly incapable of understanding that . 
  no surprise there , they have no clue nor love for true democracy , they only like tyrannies of the majority , if they get to be the majority . 
   the main point driving the brexit was protecting working and lower middle class of britain from havoc that has been going for decades due to globalism . 
  and they 're going to do that by ... signing free trade agreements with countries from asia and africa . 
  you truly are not the most logical thinker are you ? 
  pretty much everyone has biases and makes generalizations , it 's important to be aware of them and try not to act on it in real life . 
  most people miss this point . 
  they often do n't recognize their own biases , but are quick to see when others have them . 
  ironically though you kinda did that in your post too , at least i really hope that most people that are for women 's rights and social equality do n't actually subscribe to that notion of banning men from festivals . 
  some feminists are definitely like that though , they just use it as an umbrella to justify their own biases . 
   so they act like the other media outlets aswell ? 
  no mate , most media outlets do n't go out of their way to create fake news . 
  having biased opinions is one thing ( which most ~ ~ msm ~ ~ people are guilty of ) , creating false stories is another . 
  not to mention that at least when a normal media outlet fucks up on a story , they at least retract that shit , good luck getting breitbart to retract on their bs news . 
   the festival you speak of is br\u00e5valla , which have been canceled because of someone got raped/sexually assaulted . 
  you know what they say , the best propaganda is always based on some truths . 
  sexual assaults happened at music festival fact , high amount of rape crimes , fact , rapes were committed by foreigners , no proof , but breitbart says it like it 's fact . 
  the first two are true so why not insert a little lie to go with them . 
  that 's pretty much textbook propaganda/manipulation . 
  they do this on a daily basis , mostly small things like that , in order to create a certain narrative . 
  works like a charm . 
  i have this crazy notion that groping at festivals have been happening ever since festivals came into being . 
  i mean it sucks and all , but jesus christ are people blowing shit out of proportion . 
  not even sure which is more fucked up , banning foreigners or banning men altogether , i mean one is racist the other is sexist , the latter affects more people but you know , the general idea is the same , as in it 's one big generalization that leads to people being discriminated against . 
  people are fucking retarded . 
  are you so lazy that you dont even wan na read their wiki page ? 
  there are a number of documented controversies of them editing videos and taking words out of context to create a false narrative that led to people getting fired . 
  they also supported the obama is not an american citizen conspiracy . 
  they quite literally write false narrative articles every day . 
  i went to their website for 5 min and they have some article about sexual assaults at a swedish festival where they imply they were comitted by immigrants with literally zero proof , `` according to reports '' they say , without mentioning wtf they are talking about . 
  breitbart does not shy away from twisting reality in such a way as to continue their alt right propaganda . 
  a lot of the population is not a measure of whether the countries want the bases there or not . 
  if `` a lot '' as in a majority of the population would want them out , they would vote for politicians accordingly . 
  most of the population has no problem with us bases . 
  i do n't see why you felt the need to point that shit out in a topic about the crimean annexation . 
  nice false equivalency . 
  the us did n't annex any european land and those countries actually want us bases there . 
  not only is your post a continuous and non-sensical string of buzzwords and `` opinions '' taken off breitbart or some other garbage news outlet which you circlejerk over with your other brain dead buddies , but you are also flat out wrong . 
  ultra leftists as you call them are just as retarded as you and your friends are and they are also against `` globalists '' and free trade deals , so there , i have removed your anxiety about the ultra left , you can all be friends now . 
  a big point of brexit was being able to make free trade deals with countries such as china and even ones in africa , so it extremely retarded to think that it was some move against free trade when they wan na shake hands with one of the poorest and shittiest places on earth in terms of workers rights and environmental regulations . 
  talk about a race to the bottom . 
  dude , every time some new technology is invented some people get shafted . 
  it is the way the economy works and grows . 
  being static isnt something to aim for . 
  people adapt in the end and everyone is a bit better off in the long term . 
  progress never comes with zero sacrifices . 
  like the other dude said , if we stopped everything that has the potential to economically hurt some group , we 'd still be living in the stone age . 
  the industrial revolution for sure would not have happened if the luddites won . 
  companies can already sue through international tribunals on the basis of a number of internation laws that most of europe is a part of . 
  yea , the deficit , which is gon na blow up under trump 's economic plan . 
  at least give arguments that make sense . 
  i wo n't even comment on the pc non sense , since often that seems to translate simply to `` i wan na say really offensive and rude shit and not get called out '' . 
  yea it was the 90s ... 
  too bad jobbik is even worse . 
  much worse . 
  because it 's not about defending europe , it 's about authoritarians banding together in order to further their personal agendas . 
  it was always about this . 
  defending europe is what they tell the sheep in order to get their votes . 
  and how much did the price of commodities drop ? 
  oh yea , more than 30 % . 
  all the commodities are very cheap today . 
  you asked why europeans did n't feel the depreciation of the euro , well , that 's a big reason why , combined with the low exports from the us . 
  i did n't say the situation will stay the same forever , but for now , the fact that the euro depreciated is attenuated by the low price of commodities . 
  oil is actually dirt cheap and the price has plummeted in the last 2 years if you have n't been aware of that . 
  it 's all the taxes that make petrol expensive , but the drop in oil prices has more than made up for any depreciation of the euro , so it 's not really a good argument . 
  the share of exports from the us to the eu is only about 17 % , much less than what the eu exports to britain . 
  lol , making up conspiracy theories does n't take money , all it takes is a few dedicated nutjobs willing to misrepresent facts and twist logic . 
  like the whole narrative that soros was a nazi collaborator that gave up hiding jews to the fascists which is total bullshit .
