  otherwise , no , it 's not like the uk is getting sanctioned , embargoed or couped . 
  the only punishment consists in the fact that the eu demands the uk pays off its obligations and not being given preferential treatment , which is n't actually punishment . 
  i agreed in the sense that an ever closer union was the goal since the very beginning and i argued that in itself is not a bad thing and that countries do have knowledge of that fact and have still willingly joined the union . 
  it 's written in the fucking treaties after all . 
  countries can also leave the union if they so choose . 
  it was n't high praise , i was just explaining the map . 
  chauvinism sucks . 
  i was arguing with some guy earlier that was claiming european genetic superiority as an explanation for why white europeans are the best while the rest are just unproductive lazy bastards because of genetics . 
  you 're providing no rational or fact based arguments and are just repeating catchphrases . 
  there 's absolutely no truth behind what you 're saying . 
  national governments are more often than not much more corrupt than the eu . 
  europe does willingly want to cooperate and create an ever closer union , it 's literally how the eu was born , nobody forced countries to join it , so you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  just because at the moment there is n't enough will for a federal europe does n't mean there never will be , nobody is going to create the eu federation tomorrow , it 's only going to happen if people collectively will want it sometime in the future . 
   it is a negative thing because europe and all its nationalitities and cultures will be goverened by the international 1 % . 
  that 's just pure populism . 
  national governments are just as easy if not easier to corrupt . 
  the eu actually is the best place in the world when it comes to consumer protections . 
  and that is only a negative thing if you consider the end-goal itself as something inherently bad , which it is not and many do not consider it to be so . 
  the means of getting there is what actually matters , not the result . 
  in one case you have conquest through death and destruction and the other you have the willful cooperation between nations , using loaded terms such as `` conquest '' does n't change that . 
  pretending it 's the same thing just because the end result will be the same is fucking retarded and just goes to show you 're probably a foaming at the mouth nationalist that can not accept that some people might actually want a more united world instead of a more divided one , as long as it is done with consent . 
  solely by those what ? 
  i 'm saying that despite sharing genetics and geography they have performed significantly differently , your theory does not explain why that is . 
  your claim does n't actually explain shit . 
  you have places literally in the same country that can vary a lot in productivity despite the people living there being genetically identical . 
  the genetic differences between europeans themselves are also very small and yet you have big differences between the countries , while you also have examples of countries such as botswana in africa which is far more productive than neighboring countries that are very similar genetically . 
  simply put , your claim that differences in productivity are based on genetic factors relating to intelligence and behavior is easily disproved by the fact that it fails to explain those differences in many cases . 
  the book `` why nations fail '' has a much better explanation for these differences which actually makes sense in the long run . 
  i 'll even give you the personal example of the romanian people , romania is far richer than moldavia despite the people living there being pretty much identical to us genetically . 
  it 's almost like the differences are n't actually explained by your crackpot theories and rather by other factors . 
  i do n't believe you have read it , either that or you did n't understand what you read . 
  otherwise you would have known that throughout history there are numerous examples of populations that have performed significantly different despite being the same genetically and even sharing the same geographic space . 
  your studies have no way of explaining or predicting that and are a terrible indicator to use . 
  read why nations fail , get educated . 
  it has nothing to do with genetics . 
   india , russia , brazil , china , etc. 
  are among the 20 countries with the highest gdp in the world , but the moment you divide it by their populations , it 's a tragedy . 
  that 's kind of the point of the map , to show that the eu with a small population and territory is as rich as half of the world in terms of population and territory . 
  cute . 
  that does n't contradict what i said in the slightest . 
  intraeu judicial cooperation does work , but it isnt perfect . 
  people do the same regarding everything from their country to their favorite football team . 
  it 's eu day , chill . 
  it isnt a cult of personality , it is just appreciation for one of the most ambitious political and economic projects of all time . 
  major changes cant happen from one day to the next . 
  still there is a good chance for the uk to rejoin the eu in some form or another in the future , 70 % of british youth voted remain so it is clear that most young brits would rather be a part of the eu . 
  the eu isnt based on military conquest . 
  it is a union made out of democratic nations that have willingly joined it . 
  so what 's it like being ruled over by a manchild ? 
  i dont know how it is n't a failure . 
  the guy seems mentally stunted and has the maturity of a 13 year old . 
  he also speaks like one . 
  sure i would not call it a failure economically because the inertia is big enough for trump to not matter in the short and medium term ; but calling him a total emberassment of a president is 100 % accurate . 
  seems to me like he is the kind of president that will make people cringe hard all around after this mass hysteria of right wing populism dies down . 
  nice man tits . 
  there 's no way any of those things are the cause of the growth you see today . 
  i mean the 90 's were pretty shit for a lot of people . 
  people tend to only remember the positives when looking back on things . 
  i 've seen arguments such as the world is screwed because everyone is obese and there 's an ageing population , but then you have to remember that those problems only exist because there 's an abundance of calories and great medical science to keep people alive . 
  you can draw an arbitrary line anywhere and decide that it 's enough to equate a population with terrorists/pedophiles/retards / fascists or whatever you want . 
  does n't mean it 's right . 
  le pen did better in the context of numerous terrorist attacks , a french economy hit by the 2008 economic crisis and a rise in the wave of populism and extremism all over the world . 
  i doubt she 'll have a better chance than now . 
  and that 's after she tried to wash away the negative fascist image of her father . 
  if she goes much further towards the center she 's just gon na be another right wing politician lost into obscurity . 
  in any case this is a landslide win in pretty much any country . 
  she is not even close to 50 % . 
  oh shut up you retard . 
  you know what he meant . 
  muslims should not be treated like shit . 
  you are pretty much saying muslims = terrorists . 
  it 's like calling you a kiddie fucker based on the fact that the fbi caught a few hundred pedophiles in the us yesterday . 
  who the fuck is hugging terrorists ? 
  the problem with your analogy is that you are pretty much calling immigrants/refugees/muslims snakes ( terrorists ) which is xenophobic as fuck and exactly what the above poster is talking about with the wrong kind of change based on fear . 
  sure . 
  https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/election-update-clinton-gains-and-the-polls-magically-converge/ as you can see most polls predicted clinton will win the popular vote by an average of somewhere around 3 % , she won by 2.1 % . 
  thus , 538 gave clinton about a 65 % chance to win before the election day , but trump still had a more than decent chance to win . 
  on a state level , clinton had about a 52 % chance to win in florida , we know now that she lost there , but the race was so close that it was impossible to truly predict , they probably gave clinton a small victory margin due to the fact that the popular vote was slightly biased in her favor , but comfortably in the margin of error like i said . 
  all in all , trump always had a chance to win , but what was really decisive was the last week before the elections when trump kept tightening the margins , this was after comey 's statement . 
  all in all the race was close enough that even though clinton was favored like you say due to her clear lead in the popular vote , it did n't really matter in the end , because she lost key states that were very close . 
  i fully believe this happened due to comey 's statements the week before , which caused her to lose enough votes for the republicans to be able to flip key states . 
  all-in-all , the most you can accuse pollsters of is that they did n't predict the results accurately enough in certain states and that poll aggregators were overly optimistic due to clinton 's lead in the popular vote . 
  the results were however in the margin of error in most cases . 
  le pen got crushed , she performed worse than the polls predicted . 
  the debates and the fake news debacle she promoted must 've really hurt her . 
  we 're lucky that the french are n't so fucking gullible , even though they were the most hit by the recent terror attacks , they managed not to elect a total retard . 
  bravo , france !, 
  the polls were never far off , neither in the case of trump nor brexit , they were all in the margin of error . 
  i hope this myth dies already . 
  dude , you know what i 'm wondering ? 
  since you seem to be the more reasonable kind of trump supporter . 
  how can you go on the_donald day after day , read the frontpage and tell yourself `` yep , this is normal '' . 
  it 's just pure insanity . 
  i 've yet to see examples of high corruption in the eu , while national governments are riddled with it . 
  furthermore , the eu constantly passes consumer friendly legislation , which corporations do n't particularly love . 
  the eu is by far the best in the world when it comes to environmental protection , consumer protection and general protection of human rights . 
  whatever bad things for the average consumer the eu pushes , i guarantee national governments do even worse , except maybe in the nordic countries . 
   the eu system , where meps barely even register with the electorate , with the few people who bother to vote not really the eu 's fault . 
  maybe , just maybe , if people would be more active , they could shape the eu to their liking instead of bitching . 
  the eu is a hugely complex and ambitious project and it can become a true ideal for europeans , it 's a shame most people end up getting tripped over by petty issues while disregarding all the positives .
