  `` white '' is a race . 
  this discussion is absolutely useless considering that there 's been a rising wave of hate crimes post the brexit vote which clearly shows that people are targeted based on their ethnicity and not their actions . 
  that 's a very big problem and a big no no , sweeping it under the rug and pretending it 's about the people committing crimes is obviously contradicted by reality . 
  i wo n't even bother responding to that . 
  if you want to hate others based on what other people that share their ethnicity or nationality do , then you 're frankly a moron . 
  yeah , ukip totally did n't promote any hate against anyone right ? 
  i wonder on what planet did you live for the past decade . 
  these parties encourage people like him and validate them , and they do it on purpose to get their votes . 
  let 's be perfectly clear about this , ukip has been inciting hatred against immigrants and the eu for years . 
  all the scaremongering about `` millions of romanians '' coming and the tabloids depicting them as murderers and thieves certainly does n't embolden people like that right ? 
  actually it does and it 's provable . 
  hate crimes have gone way up after the brexit vote , it 's clear there 's a strong correlation between the leave campaign and extremism . 
  no , some polls were showing leave ahead , but the bets were very firmly on remain . 
  most people expected remain to win , this is a fact , the odds were very much in favor of remain . 
  and no the markets are n't already taking into consideration everything that is going to happen , it 's stupid that you think that . 
  what you 're seeing so far is simply a game of chicken , nothing actually happened yet . 
  once the uk will actually lose access to the single market , that 's when the actual effects will start showing . 
  it 's crazy that you think everything is already being accounted for based on merely the reaction of the markets following the vote . 
  the uk will probably not even leave the eu for the next 3 to 4 years and you think the markets are taking it `` all '' into consideration . 
  [ more ] ( http://www.ziardecluj.ro/sites/default/files/media/image/2013/11/palatul-babos.jpg ) pretty [ buildings ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/17416190.jpg ) . 
  [ mooore ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/82905104.jpg ) . 
  you do realize this was even before the referendum right ? 
  we 're not even close to see the uk trigger article 50 yet and you act like `` nothing happened see ? '' . 
  uk gdp growth is already forecast to drop by 0.9 % this year and that 's taking into account only the news of the brexit side winning . 
   in france , when a muslim man does a crime , he should be looked into a lot more and treated with way more caution . 
  well what exactly do you mean ? 
  i 'm pretty sure france deports people too , but it ca n't deport for example people that were born there . 
  oh hey , look , it 's the guy that thinks the jews are behind everything bad in the world and they need to be killed . 
  that might work in some cases and it already happens . 
  romania arrested and deported 11 islamists this year for example , i saw it in the news like 2 hours ago . 
  however , that is n't a fix-all solution , far from it . 
  you ca n't just deport everyone , you can only deport those that are already known to be terrorists . 
  but like i said , this already happens . 
  mass deportation of who exactly ? 
  you do n't think terrorists just hang out in the open with placards over their heads right ? 
  not to even mention that this latest attack was carried out by some bisexual depressed guy that could n't keep the ramadan . 
  the guy had truckloads of cognitive dissonance and mental problems . 
  few would say he fits the profile of some obviously religious fundamentalist and yet here we are . 
  we do however know that people like him are easy targets for brainwashing and indoctrination and not just for islam , for various other cults or extreme ideologies as well . 
  what ? 
  the uk is way more `` neoliberal '' than the eu is . 
  the eu is way more socialist than most of the other world powers are . 
  what can i say , people are eager to blame anything they 're pointed towards when they 're unhappy with their lives . 
  the ` elites ' or ` establishment ' is a favorite target to choose , just like minorities or immigrants . 
  you ca n't defend against that , you can cite all the statistics you want or make all the rational arguments you want , but when people are losing their jobs they will always blame the most apparent and low-hanging targets they can find . 
  of course , very few people actually seem to consider that maybe it 's their fault too for why their lives are n't as good as they hoped it would be . 
  totally the same thing . 
  the mistake you 're making is thinking they will fix anything or that they have an interest in doing so . 
  they ca n't really be the better option , because they 're not really proposing any viable solutions that would actually fix the problems we 're facing . 
  dude , you have n't even activated article 50 yet . 
  you do n't even know when it 's going to happen . 
  what you 're seeing now is merely the after effects of how people reacted to the vote , it does n't reflect actually triggering article 50 and the economic consequences that follow . 
  the imf has no way of knowing when or how article 50 will be activated , so what they 're showing is simply that `` the news of the brexit has shrank uk 's gdp by 0.9 % . '', 
  now , that does n't sound very encouraging does it ? 
  activating article 50 will probably cause another shock , and actually leaving will cause the biggest one , especially if the uk does n't even stay in the eea . 
  i do n't think they would want them either . 
  well , strongmen like erdogan certainly are . 
  you do n't just see that in islamic countries , you see it everywhere . 
  almost every country in europe has went through what turkey is right now . 
  the problem is that the middle east never really had the chance to properly go through democratization and secularization . 
  it took a long time for western europe as well , but hey , do n't let that ruin your circlejerk . 
  islam plays a part much the same way fundamentalist christianity used to play a part throughout most of europe . 
  unfortunately , most of the world is still behind , but hey , overall it 's catching up . 
  modern democracy is more than just elected leaders . 
  it 's a set of checks and balances and institutions that must uphold the rule of law and the constitution . 
  democracy is n't just two people voting to eat the third , it 's a system that is designed to protect the whole of society and not just those in power or those of certain groups in the detriment of others . 
  only if you 're not paying attention . 
  there 's always a better option ( said better , not good ) . 
  people do n't have excuses when they go for the most dangerous and asinine of them all and then it blows up in their faces . 
  let 's face it , democracy is a constant struggle of choosing between less than ideal candidates , what people call `` the lesser evil '' . 
  it 's in the nature of politics really , and again in the nature of humanity itself . 
  nobody can represent everyone . 
  people are greedy fuckers , and politicians simply reflect that . 
  some are better than others tho , always . 
  i see you 're not a fan of personal responsibility at all . 
  i ca n't blame some invisible `` public '' , but i can blame each and every individual that supports populist demagogues like that because it 's clear they 're not taking their democratic responsibilities seriously at all . 
  i for one am a fan of personal responsibility and i think that while politicians have a share of the blame , the `` public '' also has a share of the blame . 
  fact is that economic crises happen , and fact is that the economy tends to not do so well after such a crisis , it 's absolutely mind-boggling how easily people turn to extremism time and time again after big economic crises such as the one in 1929 or the one in 2008 . 
  people do have a choice , the problem is that they 're making the most idiotic choice available because of a state of high emotions , instead of thinking rationally . 
  politicians definitely have a duty to keep a strong economy , it 's just that politicians , just as the the people that vote for them , are very prone to emotional thinking and getting swept up by waves of euphoria and then panic . 
  it 's pretty much what causes these economic crises and the only way to stop them is to change human nature really . 
  the economy of the eu is growing now by the way , the problem is that people are convinced things are going to hell and everything is worse and worse and how they need to find some extreme solution , which is all bull . 
  hopefully the economy recovers enough before people do something they will regret . 
  i see someone 's been buying into putin 's conspiracy theories . 
  how in the actual fuck can you actually believe nato would invade russia ? 
  there were even good relations between nato and russia not that long ago , but they got fucked up when putin started with his strongman nationalistic bullshit and invaded georgia and then ukraine . 
  so because populists took advantage of harsh times to rise to power through lies and manipulation and then implemented fascist regimes , we should start trying to appease them . 
  yeah , right . 
  or how about we teach people to not be fucking morons that support the next hitler just because they 've been led to believe one minority or another is the source of all their problems . 
  people have been killing each other for as long as humans have existed . 
  this is a classic example of a `` good intention '' paving the way to hell , because the only real way of stopping all murders is to lock every human being into their own individual cage . 
  this is an extreme example , but just as extreme is anyone who thinks they can just `` stop murder '' or `` stop terror attacks '' . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  you can take measures to protect yourself , but any measures that violate basic human rights really should not be tolerated . 
  at the end of the day murder is horrible and we can all agree with that , but i and many others would rather take the extremely small chance of getting murdered rather than have the state severely limit civil liberties and human rights . 
  i worry when i see so many people absolutely willing to throw away liberties and rights or even democracy because of an infinitesimally small chance they might be killed in a terror attack or murdered randomly . 
  it 's a shame we live in a culture of fear . 
  the world truly is safer than it ever has been , but the constant 24 hour media coverage over any bad thing that happens in the world makes many feel like the world is a terrible dangerous place , even though for every lunatic , there 's literally millions of people that live their lives peacefully ( or you know , at least without murdering others ) . 
  sorry to tell you but the usa went completely bonkers following 9/11 . 
  the whole world was holding their breath thinking `` you guys are going to regret this '' but then the us was willing to follow bush through anything he proposed after the attack .
