  the far right is simply using this as an opportunity to push their retarded viewpoints about eu , merkel , soros whatever trying to destroy european culture and replacing us with muslims or whatever the fuck , like the eu and merkel is intentionally bringing them over just to fuck us over . 
  it 's amazing how many people buy into it though . 
  it 's easy to see why though , admit it or not , racism and nationalism still have a big part to play in europe and it 's also part of the reason why the muslims we already have and which were welcomed from the former colonies of the west with one hand but discriminated against by much of society on the other hand have not integrated well . 
  in any case no real efforts of integration were made in most countries . 
  the problem with your viewpoint is that it relies on the false premise that someone is bringing all these people here . 
  that 's simply not the case and it 's just a viewpoint pushed by the far right and eurosceptics to validate their own agendas . 
  nobody is bringing them here , all that is happening is that we 're giving a fair trial to everyone to determine which are real refugees and which are n't . 
  asylum has nothing to do with immigration and the whole refugee crisis has nothing to do with anyone bringing them here . 
  merkel did n't `` invite '' anyone . 
   same like any other media outlet nope . 
  show me how the bbc is exactly like murdoch 's newspapers . 
  please . 
  what exactly are their interests and who runs them that their viewpoints are such a shameless push of political agenda . 
  you ca n't just claim every media outlet is corrupt and then choose to believe that murdoch 's is closer to the truth or something . 
  based on what ? 
  your gut feeling ? 
  the fact that the other side has arguments you do n't like ? 
  murdoch 's media outlets can be objectively criticized as they are sensationalist and tabloid-y as fuck and very obviously biased in line with murdoch 's politics . 
   like the media trying to portray donald trump like an idiot every single week , even if he says some unpractical things , they say hes a racist because he said he does n't want illegals in his country , and sexist even though he has a high number of women employed in top positions in his firms . 
  while at the same time ignoring the crazy thing bernie sanders said , and all the scandals that involved hillary clinton . 
  yeah like tweeting statistics about black people being responsible for 90 % of the murders against white people , even though they were made up and specifically designed to spread fear mongering and racist ideas . 
  or when he said he does n't agree with abortion but then quickly started to change his stance when he realized he fucked up and pissed off a lot of people . 
  all of this made up by the media i 'm sure . 
  or when he meets with fucking pastors and denies climate change . 
  he 's obviously so progressive . 
  as for the scandals involving hillary , i 'm pretty sure nobody has hidden those things and everyone knows of her e-mail scandals . 
  the republicans have been trying to nail her with something for a long time now , if they have n't managed to do that it 's not for a lack of trying nor because of a lack of coverage . 
  you 're just biased as all holy fuck and you think murdoch and trump are some truthers that will save us all . 
  lol . 
   i think the reason why those muslims do n't integrate and even the 2nd or 3rd generation ends up in those gettos is their culture . 
   they come from a backward culture and have a religion that is stuck 500 years in the past . 
  that prevents them from integrating and causes them to live in the gettos . 
  i see the same argument over and over again to the point where i 'm almost sick talking about it one more time . 
  the short answer is that stopping at the answer `` it 's their culture '' is an insult to all of our intelligence . 
  do you think culture arises in a vacuum ? 
  it 's like a big slap to the whole field of sociology . 
  it 's like trying to figure out how computers work and coming up with the answer `` it 's because of electricity '' . 
  it 's just an extremely simple and poorly though out answer to a problem that has been plaguing humanity since forever , it 's also the perfect answer to use to justify cultural superiority , nationalism , discrimination and inferiority of others . 
  it 's just so simple and so easy to swallow , it 's like saying `` you 're like that because that 's how you are '' and you do n't have to think further about it . 
  the problems in the middle east have started centuries ago with the extremely authoritarian ottoman empire and eventually they have lead to what we have today , helped along by centuries of authoritarianism and ruthless dictators , culminated with coups of democratically elected governments for the energy interests of britain and the usa . 
  their culture was n't always like this and our culture was n't always like it is today either . 
  cultures change because of external factors . 
  if you want to understand cultures then you have to understand the factors that have influenced them . 
  saying that it 's because of their culture is just very superficial and it stops any thinking process beyond that . 
  as for muslim integration in the west . 
  most countries have done an absolutely terrible job . 
  murdoch is despicable for many other things as well . 
  he 's responsible for getting the likes of tony abbot elected in australia and supporting the likes of mitt romney in the usa . 
  his newspapers are the embodiment of the tabloid style format and are responsible for hacking people 's phones . 
  he 's being investigated for bribery and corruption . 
  and like you 've said yourself , the fact that he uses his media empire to shamelessly push his own political viewpoints should be a red flag for everyone , it 's clear they lack objectivity completely and are just mouth pieces . 
  yes , i also think the bbc is far more objective and professional than the likes of the sun or other murdoch news outlets . 
  i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . 
  like it is n't obvious by looking at the front page of his newspapers on brexit matters . 
  the headlines are usually sensationalist and tabloid-y as fuck too . 
  what you 're basically saying is that the argument is only somewhat true if you start to compare different ghettos to cities or neighborhoods between themselves . 
  wow . 
  great . 
  the argument is truly compelling . 
  i suppose it would also be fair to compare a shitty white neighborhood with paris as a whole and draw conclusions right ? 
  it 's called moving the goalpost . 
  the guy said countries become shittier the bigger the percentage of muslims , that 's obviously not even remotely true and negative patterns could be found for any big religion . 
  i suppose hinduism is also some plague of humanity because most indians are poor . 
  i do n't want to answer your leading question because we 'd just end up arguing all day . 
  gypsies in romania are extremely discriminated against and most people are very racist towards them . 
  their kids often end up growing up in shacks in the woods near cities and their parents often do n't even send them to school but rather send them to beg or steal . 
  the ones that have escaped those lives and lead a normal existence often do n't admit their ethnicity and just hide in plain sight , as not all gypsies are easy to spot by skin tone alone . 
  maybe what you 're finding is that reality has a bias towards remaining . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  are n't many of the media outlets that push for leave propaganda owned by murdoch ? 
  the guy is despicable . 
  is that before or after you moved the goalpost ? 
  because first you mentioned countries , i showed you 're wrong , then you started mentioning neighborhoods . 
  so here 's what you said  compare countries that have 1 % muslims , 5 % muslims , 15 % muslims , 40 % muslims , 60 % muslims , 90 % + muslims . 
  it gets worse at every step . 
  that is factually wrong . 
  maybe learn to acknowledge when you are wrong , instead of moving the goalpost whenever someone proves your arguments wrong . 
  i never claimed france was rich because of muslims , i responded to the claim that the bigger the percentage of muslims are in a country the shittier it is . 
  i proved that 's bullshit . 
  it 's clear you 're a fanboy . 
  but your argument is spectacularly fucking retarded . 
  france is one of the best countries in the world to live in and with one of the highest standards of living . 
  they have a 10 % muslim population but are richer than the vast majority of countries on earth . 
  same with belgium , the netherlands uk , sweden etc. 
  are you seriously that retarded to make that argument ? 
  romania is way shittier than any of those countries and we have like a 0.1 % muslim population ( well integrated too ) . 
  turkey despite being almost 99 % muslim is richer than than 2/3 ` rds of the world ( 60 ` th out of 185 ) when you look at gdp/capita ( ppp ) , many of those 2/3 ` rds are not muslim . 
  the far left such as ? 
  please do n't say merkel . 
  and islam poses a danger through what ? 
  a few terror attacks and random crimes committed by loons ? 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  the far right has way bigger crimes on its conscience . 
  it 's not a `` supposed '' far right , it 's the far right . 
  just because they are n't literally nazis does n't mean they 're not far right , although as a sidenote i 'm 100 % sure that some of their members would have no problem with that comparison . 
   far-right politics often involve a focus on tradition as opposed to policies and customs that are regarded as reflective of modernism . 
  they often have a disregard or disdain for egalitarianism , if not overt support for social hierarchy , elements of social conservatism and opposition to most forms of liberalism and socialism .
