  i 'm not trying to be a smart ass , but most of those countries are extremely poor nations lead by asshole dictators or even worse , failed nations . 
  in situations like that religion is almost always very strong . 
  judging them by the same standards we judge ourselves is hardly fair . 
  even in that graph you can easily see that the more stable and well-off countries have a majority of secular muslims . 
  the most important thing in the end is for them to be willing to follow our laws , despite what they may want personally . 
  i do n't think the government kills you in russia if you 're gay , as bad as it is it ca n't really compare to the theocracy of iran . 
  the truth is that many of them are not refugees , but many of them are as well . 
  this is what people need to wrap their heads around already . 
  they may not all be from syria and they certainly are n't all refugees , but a big enough percentage of them are that we ca n't just turn our backs and kick all of them out on the suspicion that they 're migrants or rapists or whatever . 
  that 's why we have due trial and we put them through a selection process . 
   the looks they give you seriously ? 
  that 's your evidence ? 
  the looks you think they 're giving you ? 
  deflation can lead to very negative outcomes as people put off investing or buying things because they see the prices shrink . 
  it eventually leads to the whole economy grinding to a halt , demand shrinking , companies going bust , loss of jobs etc. 
  you 're talking about businesses like they 're some separate entity we should n't care about , but business are what make up the economy , driving jobs and wages . 
  we ca n't all live on government pay and the government would n't have much money anyway if business would n't be making money and paying taxes through jobs , vat , income tax etc. 
  honestly i 'm tired of all this moral subjectivism and what if 's presented as valid arguments in this situation . 
  the far right is the far right , no matter how many people repeat the word `` right '' instead of `` far right '' . 
  they should have no place to be in power , no matter how many people want them to be . 
  democracy can only work if people elect others that actually want to work within the framework of democracy , not when they elect people that vow to tear down principles of our modern democracies such as the rule of law , the supremacy of the constitution , equality for all and protection of minorities . 
  people that actively fight against those things should have no place in politics and acting like i only agree because i do n't share their beliefs is simply bull . 
  i 'll be here protesting if democracy is actually going to be encroached upon , most likely by the very parties you are defending , but until then you ca n't tell me that junker saying the eu will not cooperate with the far right is undemocratic , since the far right could easily be the definition of anti-democratic . 
  disregarding democracy would mean something like organizing a coup d'etat and deposing of whomever the people have chosen . 
  having mechanisms that punish nations or leaders for trampling on the pillars of democracy such as the rule of law is not however dictatorial in nature , it is a defense mechanism and a part of the checks and balances that prevent modern nations from slipping into authoritarianism . 
  if you want to compare it with anything it 's like pis taking a piss over poland 's constitution and constitutional court and then claiming that the courts are being undemocratic for disregarding them . 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  if you have a leader that breaches the pillars of modern democracy such as the rule of law or the separation of powers , it does n't matter whether he got in power democratically or not , because what he 's doing is anti-democratic . 
  measures must be taken against such actions , otherwise you risk slipping back into authoritarianism or tyranny of the majority . 
  like i said it 's not about disagreements , it 's about refusing to work with wannabe dictators that want to trample of minorities and disregard democracy . 
  furthermore , the isolation mechanism would only come into effect in case of violations of said rule of law and democracy , not for simply disagreeing . 
  junker was talking about the far right , not the right . 
  it 's a very important distinction and no matter how many people pretend that certain far right parties are simply `` ring-wing '' that does n't change reality . 
  the far right is traditionally extremely authoritarian and anti-democratic , they may use democratic means to get into power but they 're anything but democratic once they get there . 
  violations of the rule of law , of the constitution , weakening of the checks and balances of the state and castration of the constitutional court , modifying media laws and so on are usually the first measures they take . 
  what junker meant is that he will not work with those people . 
  he does n't actually have a way to stop them from getting into power . 
  yea , that 's what i said . 
  learn to read . 
  the costs are very obvious so it 's easy to draw dumb conclusions like `` we 're losing money '' , most people have no idea how trade or the economy in general works , so the benefits are all but invisible to the most ignorant of people . 
  facts that eu promotes infrastructure projects ? 
  or that the uk has benefited from the single market ? 
  structural funds are mostly used for investments , so that one 's easy . 
  it 's also easy to calculate net contributions and point your finger that you 're losing money to the eu , but that 's because the benefits have never been calculated as it is very hard to do so , from jobs to trade , it 's impossible to give an exact number . 
  but most economists agree that the uk benefits from being inside the eu economically . 
  it 's almost common sense honestly , but giving you exact numbers is impossible so you probably wo n't be happy with the answer , as it is a very complex issue that ca n't be summed up by adding together 1 +1 . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1465ef50-da34-11e5-98fd-06d75973fe09.html#axzz4aha2fnta http://www.theweek.co.uk/eu-referendum/65461/eu-referendum-polls-remarkable-anti-brexit-consensus-among-economists, 
   does n't really apply to the uk considering it 's a net-contributor . 
  that does n't mean it 's untrue , the eu promotes a lot of infrastructure projects . 
  also , in an absolute sense the uk 's economy has probably benefited way more than the net contributions they have given , which indirectly benefits infrastructure as well . 
   polls have shown a majority in the uk want to end freedom of movement . 
  to each their own . 
  i think the fear is very overblown . 
  from the perspective of a romanian i 've seen the hate and vitriol directed towards us and bulgarians , i 've seen the headlines when farage announced millions of us will be moving to the uk . 
  the shit quality media articles warning about us causing the failure of your social programs , despite being net contributors . 
  the usage and propagation of the anti-immigration sentiment by interest groups that have benefited immensely from it , mainly politicians and the media . 
  fear is a good tool for those that wield it effectively . 
  nothing is stopping you from getting informed . 
  the advantages are mainly economic , but also social and political . 
  the eu promotes many consumer rights and human rights in general , like the most recent decision where they banned the exorbitant roaming fees that mobile operators were charging and made them charge standard prices . 
  it also brings about many pro-environmental regulations , it has helped countries strengthen their economic and democratic institutions , it has mechanisms of control and oversight that signal violations of democracy or human rights , a justice court that is pretty good in upholding the rights of eu citizens when nation states fail to do so . 
  lots of countries have updated their infrastructure using eu money . 
  the free market benefits trade and helps to better allocate human and capital resources between member states . 
  free travel between member states is also mostly a plus . 
  there are very many benefits . 
  but what a lot of people like the most about the eu is that they think it brings us all closer and it moves us towards more unity , peace and general well-being throughout europe . 
  i 'd say that was and still is pretty true and a major reason why many people still believe in the eu . 
  the thing is that what is wants and we want are completely opposite things . 
  what i mean is that they want chaos and war , they feed off it , they thrive in it . 
  we want peace and stability , they want the very opposite and do everything they can to achieve that . 
  talking does n't solve much when their whole existence basically relies on chaos and they were literally born from it . 
  considering it has no way of actually stopping a nuclear attack from russia , i 'd say that it 's not very laughable to claim it 's directed towards other lesser nuclear powers . 
  the difference is that it 's one thing to put nuclear missiles right on the border of your enemy in the height of the cold war and it 's another to build a missile defense system in eastern europe during times of peace . 
  you 're reducing your argument to the absurd and failing to see one is clearly a way more aggressive and threatening move than the other . 
  not to mention it 's not even directed at russia . 
  is turkey considered to be in eastern europe ? 
  it 's not . 
   sorry , i must have missed the part where nato installed nuclear weapons in eastern europe . 
  sorry , i must have missed the part where nato installed nuclear weapons in eastern europe . 
  you could ask people if mars is our moon and there 'd be 4 % that would answer `` yes '' . 
  not to mention that 4 % is pretty close to being statistically irrelevant . 
  yeah , people are a bunch of cunts , you do n't have to explain why . 
  it 's like a race to the bottom . 
  those neighborhoods were crime infested well before foreigners started moving in , there 's a reason why the area was so cheap , but now suddenly it 's unacceptable and all the white trash feels too superior to live there anymore . 
   anyone with unmistakably identifiable cultural practices which treat groups as subhuman based upon how they were born . 
  so the same should go for racists and homophobes right ? 
  but let 's face it you only meant muslims . 
   should undergo deep examinations to ensure they are n't simply hiding unacceptable bigoted values from the public . 
  yeah . 
  maybe we should like invent machines that read thoughts and then start punishing thought crime , since if they 're hiding it from the public then it means you want to punish people for what they think . 
  we were talking about throwing them out of the country , not out of school . 
  the consequences are the fine , that 's the whole subject of this topic , if you believe people should be thrown out of the country for disrespecting teachers then you might just be more fitted to live in nazi germany . 
  there should be a legal basis for people to be thrown out for refusing to shake hands ? 
  talk about blowing shit out of proportion . 
  who else should we throw out ? 
  in what world ? 
  most people do n't question much . 
  critical thinking and skepticism is a commodity . 
  it 's a shame schools do n't focus more on teaching those concepts , instead of making you memorize . 
  it 's the best weapon we have against ignorance and yet we very rarely use it .
