  nope , that 's just your perspective because you 're trying so hard to justify certain far right people or parties being simply the `` right '' . 
  there 's actually a difference between the far right and the right . 
   far-right politics often involve a focus on tradition as opposed to policies and customs that are regarded as reflective of modernism . 
  they often have a disregard or disdain for egalitarianism , if not overt support for social hierarchy , elements of social conservatism and opposition to most forms of liberalism and socialism . 
  you 'd have to be pretty much willfully blind not to see those elements in parties like these . 
  but i 'm not putting it beneath you . 
   far-right politics usually involves anti-immigration and anti-integration stances towards groups that are deemed inferior and undesirable . 
  [ 14 ] concerning the socio-cultural dimension ( nationality , culture and migration ) , one far-right position could be the view that certain ethnic , racial or religious groups should stay separate , and that the interests of one 's own group should be prioritised . 
  [ 15 ] bonus points . 
  ring any bells ? 
  i bet you 're just going to tell me that 's just being `` right '' or that its all leftist propaganda or something . 
  i think that 's the problem , you get your information from certain sources that peddle your point of view . 
  i do n't have any source of information per say , i do n't use one news outlet or one newspaper , i get informed from many and varying sources , trying to draw rational conclusions from them all . 
   when our politicians bend til they break their own backs to accomodate these people but do n't give a shit about the people already living here . 
  that is to me , bringing them here . 
  this means absolutely nothing . 
  you 're simply trying to imply that politicians are being unpatriotic and they 're a bunch of arab loving villains . 
  it 's laughable . 
  then you draw the conclusion that this means they are `` bringing them here '' . 
  if you ca n't see why that 's retarded then it 's clear that you 're probably getting your information from one big echo chamber . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  once they apply for asylum you ca n't just deport them back to other sovereign nations that probably do n't want them either . 
  they have to stay somewhere in the meantime , that somewhere is the refugee camps . 
  people are acting like it 's a horde of invaders raping and pillaging everywhere , but the vast majority of them are simply waiting in the camps to see what happens to them next . 
  maybe stop confusing the typical left or right with extremist parties . 
  nobody has a problem with the right . 
  people have a problem the far right and extremism in general . 
  you 're absolutely delusional if you think the number of islamist extremists is larger than the number of racists . 
  except there 's a big problem with your theory right from the start . 
  nobody brought anyone here . 
  immigration happens . 
  the refugee crisis happened . 
  the only thing the leaders `` did '' , is actually what they `` did n't do '' which is the fact that they did n't just turn away every asylum seeker on the suspicion that some are n't real refugees . 
  which is the normal and lawful thing to do , by the way , you first have to let them in to be able to determine which are refugees and which are n't , that 's why they 're held in camps . 
  nobody hates you , but letting russia do whatever the fuck it pleases without any consequences is not worth losing some trade . 
  that 's a very narrow point of view to think we should be buds with russia despite their actions because we do n't want to lose some trade . 
  it reeks of weakness and it shows a complete lack of solidarity . 
  the ussr had nukes . 
  where 's the ussr now ? 
  in putin 's wet dreams . 
  fighting against authoritarianism does n't imply a lack of violence , but it does n't necessarily beget it either , not in today 's world . 
  the fight against authoritarianism simply implies taking power out of the hands of the very few , which used to be the king or lord or whatever , and into the hands of more . 
  in that sense the fight started centuries ago and authoritarianism became weaker and weaker . 
  today we 're at the lowest point throughout all of our history probably , power is no longer concentrated in the hands of a few in most of the western world . 
  it 's much more spread-out . 
  obviously things are n't perfect , but to pretend that it used to be better in the 18 ` th century ? 
  please . 
  the common man was even more of an ant back then . 
  most of the population did n't even have the right to vote , let alone the power to speak freely or actually start some change . 
  yeah , china is such a great example , i 'm sure their stats are totally legit . 
  [ not like the ccp has ever been known for fudging numbers to make things look good . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702304520804576349181022278452 ) oh , and japan , another shining beacon of transparency and honesty when it comes to their own social problems : http://articles.latimes.com/2007/nov/09/world/fg-autopsy9 please . 
  the reason norway has low relapse rates is because as it turns out , and as we 've known for quite some time now , positive reinforcement works better than negative reinforcement . 
  the only problem with it is that you have idiots thinking more punishment and revenge on people is going to make them better citizens , instead of actual rehabilitation like they have in norway . 
  most of the world is simply not ready to be a more civilized place , because people think with their hearts , not with their minds . 
  emotions such as fear and anger still rule us , our need for revenge and our lack of empathy towards those that are different still shapes the world . 
  our lizard brains are doing a fine job of making us destructive irrational cunts . 
  what i 'm saying is that rationally we should all be doing what norway is doing , it 's the best outcome for society and for the inmates , but we do n't want the best outcome for criminals now do we ? 
  we want them to suffer and be punished as much as possible , even if it means we have a shittier society overall . 
  yeah you would need a very good reason . 
  i suspect you do n't have it . 
  the fight is against authoritarianism , not for more of it . 
  the last 150 years have been a blessing in this sense . 
  wow . 
  nice theory you have there . 
  although it completely fails to explain why then : a. they commit crimes in the first place b. they relapse much less frequently even compared to other small nations your theory is a crock of shit . 
  you criticized the norway penal system , i proved it 's pretty effective . 
  now you 're using unsubstantiated claims to make your point in a completely illogical manner . 
  norway has a population of 5 million people , it 's not some small town where everyone knows each other / facepalm . 
  not that living in a small town prevents people from committing crimes , that is also bullshit . 
  the most violent places in romania are mostly rural . 
  and authoritarianism is so great right ? 
  truly producing wonderful results . 
  the fact is these phenomenons have been studied by tens of thousands of scientists , sociologists , historians all over the world , including in non-democratic countries , most people agree the world is less violent now . 
  you 're the 2 % that still denies climate change in this situation . 
  you think it 's all one big conspiracy to prop up democracy ? 
  please . 
  believing that would require a massive world wide conspiracy going on for centuries . 
  if that 's what you choose to believe is happening despite that your evidence is very frail and selective at best , be my guest . 
  but violence is definitely going down and it has nothing to do with the numbers reported by the police in the year 1898 , as i 've shown you that logic dictates the complete opposite of what you were arguing . 
  you ca n't get a 10000 % increase in reported crime in certain aspects while only having a 300 % increase in homicides and conclude that there are more murders happening today , when the obvious answer is that police in the year 1900 sucked balls and investigated way fewer crimes as a result . 
  sure , because that guy is so much more trustworthy than all the other people that have studied these phenomenons . 
  like i 've said , knowledge based on some rapturous feeling of having uncovered the truth and making threads meet to fit the narrative , combined with some sense of superiority over it all , is a great recipe to believe all kinds of conspiracy theories based on jumps in logic and ignorance of anything that contradicts your story . 
  for example , if you look at the data here from 1989 to 2001/2 : https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/historical-crime-data you will notice that while reported homicides have gone up ( 300 % ) , they have only gone up a pretty small amount . 
  but if you look at numbers such as threat or conspiracy to murder or indecent assault for men or women , you will see the number has absolutely skyrocketed with more than 10000 % rise in some cases . 
  how do you interpret this ? 
  do you think it 's because people have suddenly become savages and they have started massively raping women and threatening to kill each other during the last century ( but only killing each other slightly more ) ? 
  or could it simply be because crimes used to be extremely under reported back in those days ? 
  murders are more obvious , so it 's understandable that the numbers reported could n't have gone up that much , but in the case of murder threats or rapes ? 
  those are extremely dependent on the reporting rates , as there 's not much physical evidence left behind or a body that the police can find on their own . 
  use your logic man , it 's obvious by numbers like these , with rises of more than 10000 % in specific crimes that depend a lot on how much people report them , that crimes used to be extremely under reported . 
  it is almost certainly and by far the biggest likely explanation for the `` incidents recorded by police '' increase . 
  i mean you seriously only need common sense to realize why reported incidences have gone up . 
  it was way easier to get away with crimes and the police was infinitely less effective . 
  citizens also did n't bother reporting most crimes at all for many reasons , like police corruption and ineffectiveness , to more vigilantism and and a weaker rule of law . 
  http://www.vrc.crim.cam.ac.uk/vrcresearch/paperdownload/manuel-eisner-historical-trends-in-violence.pdf `` three main conclusions can be drawn . 
  first , the total of all estimates is located in a band in which upper and lower limits gradually move toward lower levels from around 1500 until the mid-twentieth century . 
  taken together , the empirical evidence suggests a continent-wide gradual decline of serious interpersonal violence . 
  computing averages per century and including all estimates yields the series displayed in table 2 . 
  comparing these estimates with the original curve plotted by gurr shows impressive consistency .
