  if i do decide to have kids i certainly wo n't want 3 or more . 
  sure thing , that 's why birth rates decreased in pretty much every country where living standards started improving and people started making more money . 
  this position is simply illogical . 
  you can always find economic reasons but the fact is that there 's a lot of people in the western world that could afford to have kids and they still do n't or only have 1 or 2 . 
  maybe you 'd like to have more than 2 and ca n't afford it , but most people do n't . 
  no , but it is however proof of how retarded and panicky people are . 
  people just have different values in life nowadays and that 's okay . 
  in the past , people did n't think `` man , am i mature enough to properly raise a human being ? 
  '' , they just fucked and had a bunch of kids . 
  this is n't even an issue . 
  we 'll need to tweak our economic model and rely more on technological advance , but you ca n't force people to have kids whether they wan na have a bunch of them or not , because the fact is that most people only want 1 or 2 kids later in life and it has little to do with money . 
  right , that completely ignores reality , but welcome to fantasy land i guess . 
  in case you have n't noticed , birthrates have gone down when living conditions started improving , not the other way around . 
  the richest nations in the world have one of the lowest birthrates , while poorer nations have high birth rates , furthermore , even in richer nations you can easily see a decline in birthrates correlated with an increase in living standards . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  the issue absolutely is cultural , only it 's not even an issue , some people are trying to make it into one . 
  simply put , people are just way more individualistic than they used to be and they have other values in life than making children . 
  maybe you wan na have a lot of kids and you ca n't afford it so you think it 's the same for others , but most people do n't really want more than 1 or 2 kids and it has almost nothing to do with money and everything to do with how we choose to live our lives in the 21 ` st century . 
  instead of forcing people to have kids whether they want to or not and despite their values , maybe we should tweak our economic model instead . 
  feels like i 'm taking crazy pills here when i see people trying to revert back to 20 ` th century economic and political models just so we can get higher birthrates , as if it was that simple and people can just `` go back '' . 
  a lot of people are n't willing to take that chance , which is the problem a lot of users are highlighting . 
  it does n't matter that he has some good ideas , because he has no chance of actually winning with the views he currently holds , which means that he 's pretty useless . 
  how about his views on nato ? 
  maybe you agree with him , but most people surely do n't . 
  the guy is an idealist , and idealists in power are pretty dangerous in the real world , because the real world is actually very complex and nuanced , not as simple as your stubborn beliefs . 
  it does n't matter , most of the times it always ends up with two dominant parties . 
  there 's something wrong with people that 's for sure . 
  the same shit can happen in a number of countries , germany is n't special , there 's countries where the far right has even bigger traction than there . 
  populists are successful in times of crisis and that 's because people are naive and are looking for simple solutions to complex problems . 
  yeah , that halfway is n't supporting nazis or saying hitler was good people . 
  the halfway is pretty much what we had before all of this craziness begun , which is acknowledging the horrors of the past , trying to learn from them and not repeat the same mistakes , and building better lives for people . 
  it 's a consequence of the economic crisis of 08 and the downfall of wages and rise of unemployment as a result , with the refugee crisis added on top . 
  times like these always create extremist movements . 
  people are unfortunately looking for simple solutions to very complex problems , which is why populists like afd gain such traction especially among the less educated , more rural and lower class voters . 
  i bet it is a surprise for the people screaming that others are just being too pc when calling afd far right . 
  it does n't get much more damning than this . 
  it 's good though that these parties are shooting themselves in the foot by revealing their true colors in time . 
  not really , because most people that vote for afd do n't vote for them to `` shock '' regular parties into gear and politicians know this , so if enough people vote for afd what happens is that politics as a whole gets crazier because that 's what politicians think the people want . 
  no , he is n't , he just panders to them . 
  an important distinction to make , but it does n't make him that much better . 
   because these countries dont spend the rate nato requires . 
  it 's not a requirement . 
   i agree , but it can be done differently rather than build military bases , build a `` rocket wall '' that also has a duel purpose of launching icbm nukes ect ect . 
  it ca n't . 
  there 's no point arguing if you 're just gon na repeat russian talking points which are completely false . 
  i explained my pov . 
  the fact that russia shows a map with nato countries around it 's borders to scare it 's populace into letting putin play dictator has nothing to do with the reality of the situation , because nobody would invade russia , those 3000 nukes make sure of that . 
  talking about economic interests is all well and good , but you 're forgetting one major thing , and that 's the fact that all of the countries bordering russia wan na run away from them , while russia wants to keep influence forcibly , the us did n't have to force shit , all of the countries you see that have joined nato have done so very willingly . 
  russia is not entitled to a sphere of influence , saying the world needs 2 powers in order to justify russia 's bully behavior is fucking idiotic . 
  you simply ca n't compare the us to russia or china , you can point out shitty things the us has done all day and i would agree with you that they fucked up many times , but the us is a democracy that is n't in the business of annexing land , while russia and china are dictatorships that do . 
  why do you only take into account the costs though ? 
  do you think they horde the 400e they get or something ? 
  all of that goes back into the economy in some way . 
  it 's very different being a very small and insignificant country bordering russia and nato having borders with you . 
  russia has a shitload of nukes , we do n't . 
  simply put , smaller countries around russia are afraid because a. russia is aggressive b. they ca n't defend themselves and rely on allies ( which may or may not intervene ) . 
  when you say russia is afraid , it 's `` afraid '' in the sense that putin uses nato and eu expansion as justification for their aggressiveness , not because putin actually believes nato would be crazy enough to attack a country with thousands of nukes . 
  i 'm sorry if you believe the fear is legitimate , but it 's not , it 's classic fear based propaganda used to manipulate , just like 9/11 was . 
  for us small countries bordering russia though , you ca n't say the fear is just as illegitimate , trump has already threatened to not uphold art. 5 , fn and other eurosceptic and russian friendly parties all over western europe would probably also throw us under the bus . 
  this is reality mate . 
  the fear is much more justified when viewed through this lens . 
  the fact is that our fears are real because depending on some election outcomes things can change really fast , russia 's fear can not be real because nobody would seriously even consider attacking a huge nuclear power , people are deluding themselves when they try to justify russia 's actions as legitimately driven by fear of nato . 
  expansion of nato happens because countries around russia want to join the alliance , nato has given absolutely no indication of ever wanting to attack russia . 
  you ca n't say that nato expanding in romania was some offensive move for example , it was us romanians that begged them to take us in because we were afraid of russia . 
  this is like saying that being afraid of a bully and running to the teacher is the real reason why the bully bashed your head in after school , like it 's your fault or the teacher 's fault that you sought refuge from the bully . 
  no because that would mean nobody is changing their jobs , industries are n't naturally evolving by dying/new ones being created and so on . 
  that 's what the 5 % represents and why it 's considered good , it means the economy is dynamic . 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  but since you do n't seem like a troll , i 'll enter this discussion . 
   so when you look at the uk ... since 2009 their gdp has gone up ~ 12 % and real wages have fallen 5 % on average . 
  you can thank the conservatives for that . 
   trump is realism that you cant just splash money and the american people wont care . 
  http://bigstory.ap.org/516c98c4b9274644a6b3be1a370977d0 trump 's plan will actually cost a shitload of money and he also plans to cut taxes for the rich . 
  how well did that work out last time ? 
  it has n't . 
  trickle down economics needs to be killed already , since all that trickles down on the poor and the middle class is pee . 
   that if the other nato members do n't want to pay the 3 % whilst they spend  3 % they cant have a cry when they dont get the coverage they want . 
  it 's actually 2 % , not 3 % , and it 's a recommendation , not an actual obligation , so it 's a bit unfair now for trump to claim he wo n't uphold art. 5 in case of an attack , do n't you think ? 
   they also can not accept that the unilateral declaration of independence was legitimate yeah , because it was an annexation and the referendum was done with armed soldiers on the street . 
  does that seem legitimate to you ? 
  annexing a country because a certain region wants to is still an annexation . 
  romania and many other countries have regions with sizeable ethnic minorities , it does n't mean it would be okay if hungary annexed central transylvania , or do you think it would be based on that logic ? 
   the fn is different to trump . 
  not as different as you seem to think , they 're both pro-russia , with proven russian ties , trump 's campaign chief got payments from russian-ukrainian oligarchs , fn got financed by russian banks . 
  furthermore , their popularity derives from the refugee crisis and feelings of fear and some amount of xenophobia , it 's obvious by now , and if you just try to deny it it 's pointless , i mean the head of the kkk has said that trump is a gift to the usa , come on . 
   additionally , the all the attacks in the last 2 years , from my memory there were 5-6 major attacks , people are afraid . 
  you cant deny it , its just like the us after that event in september . 
  people want safety not insecurity no doubt about that . 
  people wanted safety after 9/11 , that 's why they were so quick to let bush 's war slide and the whole war on terror bullshit and limitation of human rights , plus the creation of the monster that is the nsa with its mass surveillance . 
  people do want safety , unfortunately people tend to be panicky creatures that overreact as well , and that fear can lead to some very bad outcomes . 
  al qaeda 's plan from the very beginning was to draw the usa into expensive and useless wars that will create martyrs and a new generation of people with nothing to lose that will turn to islamism . 
  fear is a dangerous thing that can and is used to manipulate , people would be better off keeping that in mind before they chant for their rights to be thrown away . 
   look at the eu over the last 8 years , since the gfc , its been left wing or centre left parties that have been the leaders of most of these countries . 
  i mean , not really dude , cdu for example is center-right and so are the conservatives in the uk . 
  the notion that the left has dominated politics in recent years is because of extensive far right propaganda , everybody to the left of them is `` the left '' , but that 's just not realistic . 
   look at obama when he says 8 years is not enough time to fix the shit from bush judging by obama 's approval ratings after 8 years , which are at about 50 % , i 'd say most people are pretty satisfied with him . 
  it 's actually crazy good for a president to have a 50 % approval rating after 8 years . 
   its convenient for clinton to start the russia is bad narrative because it conveniences her , but she is a muppet dude , this has nothing to do with what clinton says , people in eastern europe are genuinely scared of russia and what might happen next . 
  you may have a hard time believing it , but it 's true , it has nothing to do with clinton and everything to do with russia 's actions and rhetoric . 
  it was only last year when a russian minister threatened romania by saying the next time he 's going to be flying over romania it 's going to be in a bomber plane .
