  however it 's not the fault of genuine refugees that some people are scumbags , and processing asylum requests and deporting those that are denied are separate issues that each country needs to deal with more effectively . 
   so you want to `` educate '' people , here 's some advice : make that rotherham type behavior socially unacceptable in the same breath as you do `` racism '' i do n't even know what you mean by that . 
  are you saying that sexual assault is socially acceptable ? 
  i have n't seen anyone saying it 's okay for people to do that , i do however see racist apologists every day . 
  `` it 's not their fault they are racist , it 's your fault because you call them racists '' . 
  it 's just shitty circular logic , like hell they 're racist because we are calling them racist . 
  the racism pretty much always comes first . 
   if you do n't , your education efforts will backfire on you - they 'll be reaffirmed in their belief that people lecturing them about racism are clueless about / try to suppress migrant crime , and become more racist as a result . 
  people are a bunch of hardheaded hairless apes that take pride in their ignorance ? 
  color me surprised . 
  not everyone wants to learn , some people are more than ok with closing themselves off in their tiny little bubbles and hold on to their backwards views like they 're clutching for dear life . 
  you ca n't really change what they think , because they 'll always be convinced that it 's the fault of someone else that they 're doing shitty in life , or that they are superior to those `` others '' . 
  the only minds you can change are the ones that are willing to change . 
  and if you 're willing to change , then there is a ton of information laying around and a ton of people willing to discuss these issues , but most people simply do n't want to . 
  yeah . 
  they just carved up poland together . 
  good thing they werent allies . 
  lying isnt actually covered . 
  you can be sued for lying about someone for example and if you cant prove what you are saying or at least prove that you were of good faith , you will lose . 
  so to answer your question , courts of law can determine whether something is protected under free speech or not . 
  actually it does change things . 
  making racism socially unacceptable certainly does a lot more good than what you are doing . 
  i 'm only quoting you really . 
  you should pat yourself on the back . 
   without context please do n't blame people that are racist , blame the ones that are being discriminated !, 
  we did think about it . 
  you 're the only one that seems to still need to think about it . 
  he did what he did because his small mind ca n't understand that the vast majority of immigrants are normal , non-criminal people like him , he generalizes them based on the negative coverage he has seen in the news or based on some bad personal experience he had , which lead to him banning all people that are not white enough looking because `` muh terrorists '' . 
  i 'm high on all the upvotes i 'm getting for calling out a racist apologist . 
   wtf you call other racists ?!, 
  people are concerned because those like you use this word every where yea like in cases where someone is being an obvious racist ? 
  stop huffing so much glue , it 's giving you brain damage . 
  lol its exactly in relation to their population . 
  men commit far more crimes than women , thus they are highly overrepresented in crime statistics of the general population . 
  you are just arbitrarily drawing the line at a minority population because you have to justify your sick racism with `` facts and statistics '' . 
  mate you really need to chill . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  how are you still finding a way of blaming those that condemn obvious racism instead of the racist ? 
  just normalizing racism . 
  nothing to see her . 
  you see ... * this * time it is totally rational and based on objective facts , everyone knows immigrants arw terrorists . 
  yea nice apology for the racist twat owner . 
  this is just punishing regular people for crimes they havent comitted . 
  it 's also fucking retarded how the same people that probably complain that immigrants dont integrate well enough are the same that would do things like this . 
  you are one racist fuck . 
  its not `` those people '' , its people . 
  people of any ethinicity are capable of and have comitted horrible acts . 
  you are willing to suspend the rights of others for crimes they havent comitted . 
  it is pure discrimination based on nothing more than retarded generalizations and hate . 
   trump did nothing to prevent these from being passed , no lobbying , no tweets , nothing . 
  it 's a direct attack on the eu and an attempt to make us purchase us gas . 
  trump is still responsible as the leader of the us . 
  he could n't have done any of those things . 
  your lack of american politics is showing . 
  trump 's administration is currently wrapped up in a huge scandal involving russia . 
  whether you believe there 's any truth to the allegations of his collusion with russia is irrelevant . 
  what matters is that currently a lot of people in the us believe he is in bed with russia . 
  if he would strongly come out against the sanctions his public image would collapse even more . 
  his actions would only fuel the fire against him and `` prove right '' his accusers . 
  a lot of people probably deny their feelings in very oppressive environments . 
  like a survival mechanism . 
  it isnt that weird . 
  even in the us there are a number of anti gay politicians pushing for anti gay therapy that were eventually caught having homosexual affairs . 
  well the refugee crisis is not normal immigration . 
  we 're not `` bringing over '' uneducated people , they are exercising their right to asylum . 
  the problem is two fold . 
  one is that many are taking advantage of the real refugee crisis and mingling with them in order to gain access to rich western countries . 
  the second is that deportation efficiency is not as high as it should be once their asylum requests are denied . 
  clearly it 's pretty hard to stop people from doing the first thing , and we ca n't just blanket deny everyone asylum either , that would not be the right thing to do , it would not be legal and it is n't a solution . 
  so what europe should improve is the efficiency with which it deports people that get their requests denied . 
  but that is a separate issue . 
  we 're not . 
  immigration laws are pretty strict in most countries . 
  do n't inflate the refugee crisis to normal immigration . 
  as for countries like france giving citizenship to people under their former colonies , well , i really ca n't say anything about that either since it is n't exactly normal immigration either . 
  the discussion started with someone claiming monoethnic states are more prosperous . 
  it 's simply a counter example showing that monoethnicity is n't required for prosperity . 
  not to mention that there 's plenty of monoethnic states that are n't prosperous . 
  the claim was n't that those cities are prosperous because of diversity , so your point is moot . 
  men commit more crimes than women , and many more murders . 
  will you also campaign against men now ? 
  you can use statistics to paint almost anything in a negative light . 
  hate is easy to justify . 
  your post is a perfect example of what fear mongering does to people . 
  while you throw all those numbers around it 's pretty hard for people , and you yourself , to realize that it 's still only a small minority of immigrants that commit crimes , while the vast majority cause no trouble . 
  when you start forgetting this simple fact , and you read sensationalist news and statistics that `` confirm '' your fears , the bias starts growing until it leads to fear and hate towards a group of people which for the most part are just like you and me , trying to work and live their lives without committing crimes . 
  the most important thing to remember is that nations should punish people that commit crimes , not people that share the same religion , skin color , gender , social status or ethnicity as others that commit crimes . 
  yeah , you can post statistics like you have , while conveniently ignoring the reality of the situation , which is that  but he said all migrants should not to blamed for the crimes of a minority . 
  `` we can not allow all refugees living among us to be put under general suspicion . 
  the vast majority live with us and adhere to our rules and values . '', 
  the whole argument is that people are overreacting . 
  and they are . 
  people commit crimes . 
  poorer people commit even more crimes . 
  less educated people commit more crimes . 
  men commit more crimes than women . 
  do we go around spreading hate against men , or poor people ? 
  well , some do , but you 'd call those people retards . 
  well , that 's how all the people bashing muslims or immigrants as whole populations are . 
  at least i certainly hope that no political campaigns are ever going to be centered around the fact that `` men commit more crimes than the average general population '' , like i see with immigrants .
