  ironically enough things were n't even that good in 1960 , the uk is much richer now than it used to be , but people ignore that thinking everyone had jobs and everyone was living the life back in 1960 , with a 10 % inflation rate and widespread poverty , it certainly is the case ... not . 
  the refugee crisis is pretty much over at this point , the numbers have dropped very considerably since last year . 
  sure mate , but half of your post is opinions and the other half is just guesses . 
  not a good way to make a solid argument . 
  when you talk about how any government that ignores the wishes of people will fail you yourself fail to realize that any kind of authority will sometimes take unpopular decisions , do you think your own national politicians wo n't ? 
  you already know the answer to that . 
  we do n't have direct democracy in the west and there 's a good reason for that . 
  we can debate it all you want but in the end it boils down to the fact that most people are n't equipped at all to take massively complex decisions related especially to finance or international politics . 
  direct democracy can only work if the vast majority of your population is very highly educated , that is n't yet the case as many people still live in poverty and the education system fails vast swaths of the population , it teaches them how to read and write , but not how to comprehend or make rational or logical connections and deductions . 
  functional illiteracy is still very widespread and financial illiteracy probably even more so . 
  sometimes in representative democracies decisions that are unpopular must be taken , that does n't mean the system fails , it does n't fail as long as people accept that not anything they think is right must be so and that there 's a reason why we elect people that have more knowledge than the average person on these matters . 
  referendums should be saved for specific questions , not deciding whether being inside the eu is beneficial or not , because i assure you that the vast majority of the voters are not in fact properly informed on those matters . 
  the vote happened though and the people have decided , we will all respect that , but some observations and lessons could be and should be drawn . 
   must be why after being invited into europe by merkel again with this shit . 
  merkel did n't invite anyone , now fuck off . 
  no , it 's just a tangent . 
  in the end the fact remains though , old people have decided the future of younger generations despite those generations overwhelmingly wanting to remain . 
  that 's bound to create some division and animosity . 
  fuck em , but ultimately you 've fucked yourselves over . 
  the poorest regions are the ones most dependent on eu money , the poorest regions are also the ones fucked the most now that you have to compete with the rest of the world without being part of the eu . 
  not the first nor the last . 
  while the economy has tanked quite a bit , by any metric people are still richer today than decades ago . 
  the problem is that as soon as an immigrant rapes a white woman the news goes crazy over it and so do people , but nobody even bats an eye anymore at the fact that white people are raping each other like crazy . 
  and i do mean that in a literal sense , i mean rape is a big deal even in much of the west , it still happens literally all the time , and i 'm willing to bet most rapists are n't immigrants even if they 're probably over-represented . 
  then again they 're over-represented when it comes to poverty and isolation as well , education levels and so on . 
  i understand your point and feel for you , but the emotional reactions are understandable at this point . 
  as a romanian i 'm fully aware just how much the whole `` romanians are coming '' bullshit has counted in this referendum , and the answer is a lot . 
  you know that , we know that . 
  knowing that , knowing also how people are a bunch of emotional irrational actors as proven by this very referendum itself , is it a surprise that most people will take some amount of offense ? 
  i do n't think it 's right to fuck the uk over , but i do understand why a lot of europe might feel like it 's been given a huge middle finger by what seems to be mostly a bunch of nationalistic xenophobes that think all romanians are gypsies coming to beg and steal . 
  hear hear . 
  what it is , is that it 's a good example of why direct democracy is stupid as of yet . 
  people need to be very highly educated and informed , otherwise they just end up voting on emotion , which is what happened . 
  arguments were made , experts shared their opinion , but people made their choice based on emotion . 
  that 's what happened . 
  it 's not that remain had no arguments , it had plenty , it 's just that those arguments were dismissed as the establishment meddling in things again or bankers trying to fool people . 
  in those conditions when everything that comes in contradiction with your views ends up being viewed as some conspiracy theory or some elite cabal trying to keep the little man down , there 's not much you can do . 
  any kind of argument , no matter how logical , is going to be dismissed . 
  many of them really are . 
  the vote was emotional , no shame in admitting that , most people on the planet are emotional and not very informed about anything beyond what happens in a 50 meter radius around their house . 
  still , when pretty much every expert agrees you 're doing something dumb , maybe you should actually try to listen instead of thinking you have shit figured out because immigrants commit crimes and have jobs so that means the eu is bad . 
  not only that . 
  direct democracy in order to work needs a highly educated and politically involved population , otherwise it devolves in what the poster you 're responding to describes . 
  honestly the vast majority of places on earth will have to probably wait a while before direct democracy could actually be a good option . 
  maybe in 50 or 100 years , but now ? 
  fuck no . 
  it would lead to ruin . 
  i think old people should still have the right to vote , but i do think that you should be able to pass some basic test at least once every few years . 
  i do n't think that someone suffering from dementia for example should still get to vote . 
  nobody hates democracy , but people are aware of its shortcomings . 
  this is one of its shortcomings , people can be easily manipulated to vote against their own best interest by using emotion rather than facts . 
  it 's pretty much what describes this whole leave campaign . 
  most of their `` facts '' can easily be proven wrong , but the emotion was stronger . 
  it 's bad because it shows that people are still following their lizard brain way more than they should , instead of using that beautiful neocortex to make actually rational decisions . 
  as much as i agree with your sentiment that older people are fucking over younger generations , i ca n't agree with factual arguments . 
  economic conditions were not nearly as good as a lot of people on reddit seem to think . 
  for example the uk had its own period of depression , high unemployment , big inflation and so on . 
  pretty much most of the west is much richer than it used to be 30 or 40 years ago . 
  the reason why the middle class is smaller is because the upper class got much bigger , while the lower class also dropped in past decades . 
  things are n't as dire as people think . 
  is there still poverty ? 
  yes . 
  are economic conditions good nowadays ? 
  not very . 
  is it worse than it used to be 40 years ago ? 
  definitely not . 
  dude , if you had direct democracy on every issue , the country would go to absolute shit in a few years . 
  first question `` do we give ourselves higher pay ? '', 
  `` fuck yes '' . 
  the end . 
  seriously though , direct democracy can only work if you have a very highly educated and informed population , otherwise it would fail in absolutely spectacular manners . 
  people are very emotional beings and most really are ignorant in macro economic issues or international politics . 
  you really do n't want people to decide on everything , not unless the population is very highly educated like i said . 
  while representative democracy is indeed vulnerable towards corruption , the negative effects are way smaller and less visible than a financial illiterate population taking a very important fiscal decision for example . 
  that can turn out to be much much more damaging than any one politician being corrupted . 
  in the end people must trust in democratic institutions and they must fight to make them stronger , otherwise we just end up with tyranny of the usually stupid masses . 
  i really do n't want to insult people but honestly a lot of people truly do n't have any idea about what governing means . 
  it 's more than just that , but it 's hard to see from the vantage point of inside your own ass . 
  scapegoating minorities is a real thing and it 's been a growing sentiment , it 's not `` hurr durr illegal immigrants '' it 's also `` hurr durr muslims suck '' `` hurr durr romanians are a bunch of thieving gypsies '' `` hurr durr polish people are taking our jerbs '' and much more . 
  more of a cold war atmosphere as in tensions increasing , less trust between nations , more emotions flying around , scaremongering etc. 
  i did n't say it 's literally going to be the cold war . 
  this has already been happening for a couple of years now , it 's probably going to increase following the brexit , unless people suddenly wake up to reality . 
  no , i already said not , but there will be more tensions , more of a `` cold war '' atmosphere . 
  ultra-nationalism is legit scary though and if that actually takes hold we might just be fucked . 
  i 'm actually thinking that in 10-20 years the uk might just join the eu again , seeing as how the under 35 age group is very heavily pro-remain . 
  i 'm not really alienating anyone , i 'm just making some observations , like the fact that the leave vote was very emotional . 
  most of their `` facts '' were n't facts at all . 
  you do n't , i do . 
  history has proven time and time again that it usually does n't lead to anything good , but hey , whatever . 
  the rise of ultra-nationalism especially is really not good news . 
  you 're not very intelligent are you . 
  you 've already been given what you wanted over and over again . 
  what you 're saying is that the eu did n't give you absolutely everything that you wanted with all the benefits included . 
  we 're still going to be close , but not that close . 
  without free movement , without a single market , things are n't going to be quite what they were . 
  but yes , too much doom and gloom , although i do believe the uk 's economy will take a pretty big hit in the following years and the eu 's as well , but less so as the effects are way more distributed . 
  yeah , i doubt there 's going to be a world war , but there is undoubtedly a rise in nationalism and regressivism with its flavors of ultra-nationalism in many parts . 
  i mean the uk just had one of its mp 's assassinated . 
  it 's pretty crazy what is going on . 
  the uk already does govern itself .
