lol , tell that to 300 million europeans . 
  next year wo n't rain shit , and we 'll see titles resembling : portugal imported energy increases by 70 %, 
  the sad thing , is that the answer is `` yes , it is '', 
  well ... states that already depend on credit from financial markets to maintain their social state ( education , health service , and social security ) , because the revenue from taxes is n't enough by itself , are , in a way , privatized . 
  people just do n't realize this . 
  singing `` gr\u00e2ndolas '' to interrupt government officials . 
  wowwww there , do n't start stating facts , europe hates the obvious explicit , you 'll be considered racist . 
  imagine if we lived in a regime where members of congress would do what they pleased , without answering to the ones that elected them based on what they defended during their electoral campaign . 
  yay , democracy !, 
  those with health , valued education and youth , leave this dump of a country ruined by corrupt and incompetent politicians . 
  he 's probably thinking in the strengthening of islam 's grip on british society in case corbyn ever becomes pm . 
  did n't read it though . 
   tinfoil-hat batchit-crazy conspiracy theorist . 
  o really !, 
  june , 2012 : [ eu should ` undermine national homogeneity ' says un migration chief ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ), 
  you so smart and progressive , me so sorry , so dumb !, 
  lol , the guardian . 
  you mad bruh !, 
  chinese have no problem keeping china chinese . 
  it 's not surprising to see portugal at the top . 
  very few immigrants come to portugal , it 's no where near the numberd of mass immigration , that facilitates integration . 
  immigrants that come to portugal are , in the most part , from former colonies , they can speak portuguese and are accustomed to portuguese culture . 
  it 's also not surprising to see low integration rates of england and france , although their strong economies , they are two of the european countries that have experienced the highest mass immigration of muslims . 
  what is surprising though , is sweden . 
  is croatia government lefty ? 
  i bet it is , they preferred to do the political correct thing by welcoming the migrant flow instead of protecting the borders , and ignored what should had been done , impose strict border control . 
  now they 're screwed !, 
   you assume that german leaders are 100 % corruption free . 
  assume they are less corrupt and more competent than the portuguese ones . 
  it would be very positive to portugal to be government a bit more according german governance standards , which already is by the way because of the euro . 
  same thing happened to me . 
  until this summer i was a strong federalist , i would n't mind giving germany more power over portugal in way to protect us portuguese from the extremely corrupt and nepotist political leaders . 
  lol , it actually has ... only people with an infantile or dogmatic views of the world actually believe that what hungary is doing is n't mostly correct . 
  despite what the media spews out , hungary 's government has my thanks and admiration as well . 
  i am . 
  o.m.g =o i had never thought of that !, 
   uk is an island on the atlantic . 
  lucky bastards !, 
  `` democracy '', 
   racial tensions have been heightened in rotherham following revelations that the police and local council failed to properly investigate the abuse of young white girls , predominantly at the hands of gangs of asian men , because they were too scared of confronting the race issue . 
  ah of course , european politics at its finest . 
  `` let 's not enforce the law , because it might be offensive to someone , and we are all cuddles and hugs , that way there will be no problem at all , everybody will by happy . '', 
  o yeah , almost forgot , here is my intake on the subject : generic disapproval of beating up random elderly , innocent people , on the streets , can i have up-vote ? 
  you mean to portugal ? 
  no , i do n't think it is a major economic issue . 
  there are others far more important that have a very negative influence in the economy/society , for example : a state that spends too much and unwisely and therefore taxes too much ; a state that went bankrupt in 2011 ; justice institutions do n't work properly ; sever cronyism ; tax laws change too often ; inverted age pyramid ... 
  portugal , being a poor and peripheral country , is n't being affect much by mass immigration movements . 
  it 's not the most reliant source , i saw it on the news . 
  around 150.000 jan-may 2015 . 
   real economical problems oh !, 
  mass immigration movements are not a real economic problem to you ? 
   so common , in fact , that they are drowning out any other form of original discussion or links to other interesting events in europe it 's because people are actually worried by the mass immigration exodus . 
  some see it every day on the tv , others experience it in their own lives , and many of those experiences are not positive . 
  you do realize that the issue of non european mass immigration , is , and will be , the the primal issue that europe , especially the european union , will have to deal with for the next 10 to 15 years . 
  nothing will be as important as this . 
  yet you seem seem to want to avoid it being discussed , for some strange reason . 
  it just makes a person wonder ... 
   except portugal ... it \u00b4 s the same old extreme left and we have no extreme right the portuguese left is very demagogue and populist . 
  the tv media abide to their line of reasoning . 
  about 20 % of the portuguese parliament is occupied by extreme-left . 
  if this is n't enough to make you worry , i do n't know what is , because to me , extremism either left or right , is always very , very threatening . 
  so i guess you would be ok with paying more taxes to support the greek public deficit . 
  this greek government does n't want austerity , or by other words , it is not willing to cut expenses or to raise revenue by increasing taxes to reduce it 's deficit , someone else should pay for it according to greece 's terms . 
  other euro countries like estonia , and slovakia that have smaller gdp per-capita than greece , and made reforms that the greek government does n't want to make , to get into the euro zone , should also pay the greek deficit and not the greeks themselves ? 
  is this democracy for you ? 
  lol , man , sweden if becoming pathetic !, 
  obviously , that 's what the left wants . 
  hi buddy , do n't be butt-hurt to find out that the comfort and security you take for granted , is in great part , due to the catholic religion . 
  without europeans uniting under the banner of christianity to fight off the invading muslim hordes , do you really think that europe as we know it today would exist ? 
  think again !, 
   wealthiest and have attracted immigrants yes , but why do n't they completely assimilate the values of the country that receives them ? 
   they are mostly born into the religion . 
  why do n't most convert to atheism than ? 
   marx calls religion the opiate of the people . 
  something to keep the people in line . 
  and statism is n't ? 
   if the people in the middle-east stopped believing in their nonsense they would be so much closer to peace . 
  they would also be much closer to peace if they were christians , buddhists or hindus . 
   you can just ditch religion and not replace it with anything . 
  you 're wrong . 
   europe more as the successor to the enlightenment and the revolution , not the time period before that . 
  me too . 
  the problem is , we have forgotten that religion matters . 
  man has believed in some form of god since the pre-historic times . 
  if you remove religion from society something else will fill the void left behind , in other words if we remove christianity from europe , something else will fill its place , islam seems to be a front runner . 
  it is no coincindence that countries where atheism has strong prevalence are also the ones where islam is gaining ground , something will fill the void ... 
  yeah the french revolution was the catalyst for the downfall of catholic christianity through out europe and the rise of secularism . 
  i believe in secular states , not secular values . 
   what christian values ? 
  here are some : * the importance of family in social organization * veneration of motherhood * disapproval of normalization of homosexuality * disapproval of contraception * disapproval of promiscuous sex * focus on responsibility instead of selfish hedonism * accumulating wealth should n't justify anything i do n't defend that these should be accepted in absolute form , but they should be positively considered by society in general . 
  meanwhile the opposite has happened , societies looks to these values with disdain and that 's because the political left has successfully advocated against them for so long , only respecting the moral values of christianity , like compassion for fellow man , that is why some christians are so enthusiastic about receiving millions of muslim male refugees , i bet you most of them are lefties . 
  there is a reason why europe 's birth rate is at 1.4 and that reason is the disregard for conservative christian values . 
  are you serious ? 
  europe is christianity !, 
  going as far back as the crusades . 
  christian values have supported and promoted the evolution of the western societies for the last 600 years , without christianity there would n't be a europe . 
  such values were respect and implemented for so long , not because they were fun , but because the were effective , they worked in promoting the evolution of society and its sustainability . 
  most of the problems we are witnessing in europe today stem , one way or another , from the collapse of such values and christianity in general . 
  completely disregarding 600 years of tradition that lead to the most advanced societies man kind as ever known does n't seem to be a very good idea to me , especially when it is done in name of supposed progress . 
  he means christian values .
