  eat easter eggs and drink a lot since monday is a bank holiday, 
  nope . 
  why would we want more americans who do n't actually share that much in common and get rid of many very hard working immigrants who came here for a better life ? 
  why would we need an eu army ? 
  there was never a war against afghanistan per se . 
  this is a continuation of military action against isis that 's been ongoing for a while . 
  nothing new here, 
   really do n't know how to pace themselves when drinking . 
  we do at home but when away we do n't play slow, 
  we do this everywhere . 
  just worst for spain since its cheap to get there, 
  apart from ww1 and 2 there was n't anything about america in our basic syllabus . 
  if you took higher history then you would have got to learn about the great depression but thats as far as it went . 
  it 's popular amongst golf fans and those with even just a bit of interest in golf . 
  not so much to non golfers, 
  this year we dropped down to joint 8th for passport with most visa free travel . 
  brexit might affect it for a little while but the chance are every eu country will allow us in visa free and vice versa, 
  you hit the nail on the head, 
  every pub has it on and any pub i 've been in for it has always been packed . 
  do n't underestimate how many people actually watch it, 
  for scotland it 's going to the old firm . 
  while they are the most supported teams , they are also the most hated . 
  generally non old firm fans will hate both of them and each side will hate the other . 
  i blame the ridiculous amount of sex on the beach consumed that day, 
  i shit myself in greece once , that was n't a great experience, 
  real seasons are better than constant cloud and rain with little temperature variation, 
  what 's hypocritical about it ? 
  i do n't usually eat lunch so a bag of chips covers me pretty well, 
  breakfast : 2x square sausage and fried egg rolls lunch : large chips and cheese dinner : pulled pork and rice, 
  occasionally see land rovers and lorries as i stay near a t.a centre , i get to see the new ships go down the clyde for sea trials and every couple of weeks i 'll see a chinook fly over to go to faslane naval base . 
  sometimes i 'll also see the submarines coming out the base as well with other escort ships . 
  glasgow has had settlements for millennia and the roman 's built a settlement and antoine wall on the north side of the city but the city itself was found in the 6th century by st mungo . 
  i 'm 26 and own 2 cars and a van but i also live with my parents . 
  i have a good job and can afford to move out with regards to monthly payments etc but im struggling to save a 10 % deposit for a mortgage but hopefully will have it sorted out this year . 
  over the last 3 years i have been in and out of work and used my savings to take opportunities to travel which is partly why i do n't have the money saved . 
  australia or new zealand, 
  i disagree with the culture being closer to the us . 
  it 's the uk with nice weather and the culture reflects this . 
  i like how they are buying young players and trying to grow a team . 
  i hope they do well and shake up the german league a bit, 
  i do n't but i know some people that do . 
  i wear socks, 
  i love following both my club team ( rangers ) and national team ( scotland ) . 
  with the national team i go to pretty much every home game and have travelled away with them quite a few time which is brilliant fun , the tartan army has a very good reputation and we like to keep it up . 
   how much news do you consume about the one vs the other ? 
  mostly club related until the international breaks come around then it 's mostly national team . 
  we play canada on wednesday in a friendly before our weekends qualifier against slovenia so it 'll be all national team news from monday onwards . 
   outside of the world cup and the euro , do you watch your national team , or no ? 
  yes , attend or watch every qualifier and the majority of friendlies  what is it like in terms of hoping for success ? 
  we have no hope for success , qualifying for a major tournament would be a success since we have n't done so since 1998 . 
   what is your `` relationship '' with players on your club 's team vs on the national team ? 
  i 'm not sure how to describe it but it 's different . 
  i despise players like scott brown when they play for celtic but love him when he plays for scotland . 
  i do but only use it when the weathers shit , which is fairly often on the west coast of scotland, 
  there are n't many vietnamese restaurants here . 
  i 've not heard of pho, 
  in scotland you start primary school at age 4/5 and that p1 to p7 , then you move on to high school which is s1 to s6 . 
  the end of s4 is your first major exams , these dictate what level of courses you can do in s5 or you can leave when you are 16 . 
  end of s5 is the exams which can gain you entry to university , this means you can be 16 when you go to university of you have the grades and desire to do so . 
  s6 is mostly the same level of courses as 5 but you can do more advanced courses as well , some of which are equivalent to 1st year university courses . 
  yeah , if the government does n't grant the ability then it plays into the hands of the snp and will make independence more attractive to many . 
  scotland : england for everything, 
   protestaytos is this a new tayto crisp flavour available in northern ireland ? 
  it 's like being at home . 
  i like it, 
  i can tell you about electrician apprenticeships in scotland . 
  you get an apprenticeship through a company which pays for you to go through college while working on site . 
  you get partial funded by a charitable training trust which runs the course . 
  it 's 3 or 4 years all together , the first year you do 5 5 week blocks at college and the rest in site learning , 2nd year is just a couple of 4 week blocks and 3rs year is 2 weeks in college in preparation for your final test . 
  you can sit your test from the end of 3rd year until the end of 4th year , it 's very company dependent when you sit it . 
   are you studying there ? 
  not now but i did  is it good or being looked down ? 
  it 's good and you get paid a decent amount as an electrical apprentice but you do generally get looked down upon by university students . 
  i experienced it quite a lot seeing as most of my mates were at university and i had to deal with their stuck up mates . 
  electrician ,  # 30k . 
  im bit sure how the rest of europe fairs but i know i could make much more in the us and slightly more in australia . 
  they promised to bring the beers, 
  it 's literally like an isis heartland . 
  shakira law is now enforced by the muslamic police patrols that have taken over from the swedish police in many cities . 
  it 's a horrible situation that can only be solved by divisive overly religious people from other countries, 
  if you want a bit of fun and good nightlife , hit ibiza, 
  generally some sort of trainers , generally fashionable as well . 
  the joke for american tourists is that they wear brand new horrible white tennis shoes . 
  it 's a pretty obvious tell that someone is american , people under 60 or not playing tennis do n't really wear them, 
  we had more during the 70s when commonwealth muslim 's came over . 
  the current wave is going to work out the same, 
  3rd and 4th generation immigrants are moving away from islam quite a lot, 
  religion in europe is struggling as it is , why risk alienating those that are religious for the sake of it, 
  in england and wales . 
  in scotland it 's definitely started at standard grade which is 14 onwards, 
  how can their be no calculus ? 
  here it 's quite a large part of maths from the age of 14 onwards . 
  what do you do in maths at later stages if not algebra and calculus ? 
  edit * this is for scotland which has a different education system to the rest of the uk . 
  a surprising fact of out system is that it 's entirely possible to get the right qualifications and attend university at age 16, 
  my grandparents do n't like old germans and absolutely despise the japanese . 
  they also think that the current 18-30 generation have been absolutely shafted by previous generations and that it 's a disgrace how much if their own generation take everything for granted but do n't seem to want anyone else to have what they have . 
  we have the ones that beg on the street but live in houses, 
  they do that with us to . 
  planes , ships and subs are constantly skirting about and getting escorted away,
