  the use of bleachers is the largest difference in stadium building . 
  that 's a huge safety risk for people over here , that 's why individual seats are mandated, 
  the difference being that you can easily support multiple teams in those metro areas compared to only supporting one team over here . 
  the single main reason is the requirement for individual seats . 
  college stadiums mostly have bleachers whereas all high level stadiums for football all require individual seats of a certain size . 
  this greatly reduces capacity . 
  in glasgow , ibrox and hampden used to hold 140,000 until regulations got stricter and stricter and now it 's down to 50k in each stadium, 
  glasgow . 
  neither . 
  they are usually shop or take away owners, 
  middle class in the uk is very different to middle class elsewhere . 
  middle class here would be upwards of # 40k and even then it depends on where you live . 
  i 'm not worried about the immigrants and refugees at all . 
  the vast majority are coming here to work and make money for their family , if i was in a similar position to them i would do the same . 
  terrorist attacks have zero bearing on my life whatsoever . 
  it 's not something that ever crosses my mind no matter where i am or where i am going, 
  its been low 20s in scotland this week . 
  i did n't know we had any but definitely not surprised it 's in giffnock, 
  how long are your summer breaks ? 
  here they are about 7 weeks, 
  your getting a nice new one in london . 
  it 's definitely stand out as far as embassies go, 
  could be worse . 
  you could actively segregate children based on their religion . 
  my local area is getting a new primary school which will incorporate both the catholic and non denominational primary schools together , except that they will still be in separate classes and only allowed to mix during break times . 
  18-20 with no wind is perfect for me, 
  i 'm not saying it does n't do well but to say it shows that london has a decent fan base for the nfl is pushing it, 
  i do n't think there are any solid numbers but i do know of a lot of people who traveled down to see it . 
  it was definitely not just for london . 
  there were also lots of guys on reddit from mainland europe who said they were traveling across for it . 
  the cap will be least likely thing to identify you as an american tourist . 
  it 's usually very easy to spot an american through clothing choices, 
  those matches werent just for metro london . 
  the whole of the uk was targeted and there is a fair amount of people who either actively follow the sport or had a interest in seeing it live . 
  packing out the stadium twice may seem impressive but not when you consider there are 64m people here and it was only 2 matches, 
  first time proper weekend drinking was 14 , first time in a pub at a wrrknd binge drinking was 15 and proper every weekend binge drinking was 16 . 
  usually a selection of cheap sandwiches , burgers , macaroni , spaghetti , baked potatoes and chips . 
  nothing really decent . 
  always better to go to the chip shop , chinese , bakery , subway , burger van or supermarket, 
   also how much time do you have for lunch in europe ? 
  in the us we could n't go home , even if they would let you we had 50 minutes for lunch and could go anywhere we wanted . 
  not many people used the cafeteria , most went to one of the many shops in the area . 
  some people went home for lunch , like my friend who had to go home tonwalk and feed his dog . 
  we also had 20 mins outside for a morning break as well , i could n't imagine being stuck indoors all day at school, 
  i can trace one line back to 1100 and it 's to an important french family who ruled palestine at the time . 
  on that line is john brown who was a martyr during the reformation in scotland . 
  nothing else of any particular note that i 've found so far, 
  do pub crawls all day in each city . 
  that 's the best way to have fun on the continent, 
  if they do n't immediately choose one side of the old firm to be their favourite/least hated then they should be deported, 
  i 'm not sure i 've heard of any filipino nurses, 
  for macro brewery it 's tennents . 
  easily the best of the big ones . 
  for small breweries it 's much more difficult , i do really enjoy my local brewery a lot . 
  houston breweries is top notch, 
  it 's ok, 
  in my local practice there are 5 gps but not 1 of them works more than 3 days a week . 
  this makes it very difficult to keep seeing the same gp if you want an appointment in a timely manner . 
  from what 's gather from friends and work mates it 's quite common across the board as the practices are privately run . 
  yes yes , largest and oldest in the world it 's included in national insurance alongside a lot of other things and in total it 's 12 % of my pay i like how it 's universal , i do n't like how gp practices are run i believe there is i 'm not sure if i 'm honest . 
  i do think it needs a serious and comprehensive review of spending and funding to see if it needs more funding or just rework the spending, 
  yeah but sometimes it 's good to show contrasts and actively take part in conversations . 
  also some questions are better answered by those who have visited as opposed to those that live there, 
  i do sometimes, 
  people generally do n't punch someone they believe to have mental illness . 
  a ridiculous statement like that would make people think you have a serious mental illness, 
  you 'll get bottles of something american in pretty much every pub though . 
  bud light currently has a huge marketing drive on in the uk . 
  not tried it here yet though to see if it 's any different, 
  there is usually a selection of bottles in the fridge . 
  as for draught it 's not uncommon to see but having bud or coors on tap is usually a sign of it being a shite pub, 
   unlike europe , which according to reddit is full of mass transit commuters , americans largely drive themselves to work . 
  stop and go traffic is no fun , and even less fun in a manual millions of brits do this every morning without the need to go to auto . 
  it 's something that you get used to pretty quickly . 
   being forced to select the correct gear hours each day , without the reward of a pleasure drive , is a big negative doing something that 's second nature is such a hardship ...  a `` boring '' drive where you can instead pay attention to a podcast , the news , or rush limbaugh is preferable til european drivers ca n't listen to the radio because we have to change gear and it 's too much for people minds to take ... 
   easier to use ca n't disagree with that but it also makes them very boring to drive . 
   nobody cares about slightly worse fuel economy fuel economy shouldnt be a reason to choose the transmission anyway  few cars are sporty enough to warrant precise control of gears sportiness has nothing to do with it . 
  going up hills i far prefer any manual as i get better control of speed , twisty roads as well . 
  i also find manuals far better for precision parking , clutch control makes it so much easier, 
  there is n't a reason to ditch them yet , it 's just the way it 's always been . 
  why are so many more cars automatic in the us ? 
  chinese , indian , chip shop food , pizza and kebab shop food . 
  it 's quite a variety and individualy too much to list, 
  this happened at my bit too . 
  made me sad, 
  a friend of a friend was super drunk and trying to drive 2 hours across the country to get home . 
  the police came and had a chat with him and he ended up seeing sense . 
  overall they are pretty good . 
  some arseholes but mostly just sensible people . 
  i 'm not sure anyone has a really bad thing to say about them but they can be a bit dickish with modified cars so i know some people who do n't like them, 
  america , japan and china . 
  different priorities . 
  i love them . 
  i know my insides do n't though, 
  scotland has the food that 's worst for you . 
  tastes the best mind you, 
  the industrial revolution . 
  i find it all absolutely fascinating, 
  sounds like straight up anti islam to me, 
  utility room,
