  i 'm currently working in aberdeenshire and the hotel i 'm in struggles to get 5 on a good day . 
  it 's a super mixed bag here, 
  when i was self employed i done my own and it cost me nothing and was n't as big a ball ache as it seems to be in america . 
  now i 'm employed hmrc does it automatically and for free, 
  it 's very common in the uk . 
  definitely more common than warm cereal, 
  you do realise you can protest away from brussels ? 
  we do n't have to travel to brussels every time we want to protest . 
   that is what the uk wants . 
  it absolutely is not . 
  they will not put border controls on the scottish and irish borders . 
  the border would never become controlled and a situation similar to our current one with ireland would appear almost immediately . 
  there is no desire from either country to have border controls, 
  there is zero incentive for either country to want border control . 
  it would become a situation like we currently have with ireland, 
  sounds familiar, 
  uk ( all constituent countries ) , ireland , france , spain , portugal , italy , greece , germany , belgium , luxembourg , denmark and sweden that 's 12 in total . 
  be adding poland to the list in a few months too, 
  source for my government encouraging mass migration ? 
   by the extremely right wing american media ftfy, 
  being able to afford my own house, 
  you can ` opt out ' using a private agreement but that 's it, 
  usually they will give you tap water if you ask . 
  i find the bottled water generally nicer unless i am in the countryside near mountains, 
  britain ruled it very well for 20 years having swapped it for cuba . 
  it was an immensely loyalist area during the revolutionary war but spain captured pensacola and thus the whole of florida which then ceded the area to the us 40 years later, 
  in some cases yes but i do meet a lot in general social interactions and the quiet well dresses americans are in a definite minority, 
  not even just vacation dress but general clothing is different , usually tennis shoes and ill fitting t-shirts and jeans . 
  it 's a generalisation but one that 's grounded in reality . 
  not always excited but it is difficult to explain . 
  in scotland it 's fairly easy to notice foreigners and easier to notice americans . 
  pretty much . 
  the dress sense is a major give away but even with that taken out the equation it can still be pretty obvious . 
  mannerisms are a big difference too, 
  in my school we done a small bit on the african theatre and the pacific theatre but it was pretty limited . 
  it was mostly about the british and commonwealth efforts in those theatres and a small part about pearl harbour, 
  i live in town of ~ 15k in the uk . 
  we have nothing 24hr except the petrol station . 
  although drive 10 mins any direction and you 'll hit a 24hr superstore and mcdonald 's . 
  our buses stop at about 11 and the last train is about 12, 
  the homeless shelters near me so a good job of helping people . 
  unfortunately it 's more difficult for those with drug addiction and mental health problems but the council still house them although they need more help, 
  [ nearest town to me ] ( http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/find.html?locationidentifier=region%5e1040&amp;maxprice=220000&amp;minprice=210000&amp;numberofpropertiesperpage=24&amp;radius=0.0&amp;sorttype=2&amp;index=0&amp;viewtype=list ) 3 or 4 bedroom house is average for that price, 
  if you could fit 2 days in during your time in the uk , you should visit edinburgh . 
  fucked is a bit strong but worse off definitely, 
  it was just a colony breaking away from britain . 
  arguably a proxy war for the ongoing french wars, 
  cruachan does it as well although dinorwig is more famous for doing it i think . 
  scotland 's national animal is the unicorn, 
  cruachan hydro power plant is used for situations just like this . 
  it 's amazing since its actually inside a mountain, 
  scotland . 
  easy answer, 
  in my local area there is a tree that was used to hang ` witches ' in the 1600s . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ayrshireroots.co.uk/genealogy/historical/bargarrans%20daughter.htm ) is the story of the most famous local ` witch ', 
  could happen . 
  do n't think it would last long though , couple years and the novelty will wear off, 
  from the bottle if it 's beer or cheap wine . 
  if it 's some sort of spirit or decent wine then from a glass or plastic cup . 
  everyone is different but it 's mostly from a glass tumbler or sometimes whatever can be found edit * by plastic cup i mean the solid ones that get reused and not the disposable ones, 
  about twice a year . 
  this year i 'm going to poland in july and malta in september . 
  / r/european is essentially stormfront . 
  it 's mostly people from america declaring their european heritage as an excuse to be racist, 
  the t-shirt and jeans combination is usually from a good brand/shop in my experience and . 
  since op is american i can definitely say that even cheap clothes here like primark are far more ` fashionable ' than the equivalent price range in the us . 
  it absolutely is . 
  i 'm not a fan of the term myself but it 's a catch all term for all genres of ` electronic dance music ' . 
  house is a genre of electronic dance music, 
  house is edm . 
  it 's the catch all term for dance music, 
  edm has a very large following here . 
  ibiza is an extremely popular holiday destination for 18-30 year olds . 
  it 's the most well known and ` prestigious ' of the young person holiday destinations and is more expensive because of it, 
  having an opinion will not get you into trouble , acting on that opinion will . 
  ideas wo n't get you arrested , acting on them will . 
  statements wo n't get you arrested unless you act upon them . 
  intent is also very important here . 
  if your intention is to cause someone grief or harm then you can and will be arrested . 
  in europe we believe everyone has a right to live a life without being subject to abuse . 
  in america it seems you all want to have the right to offend and abuse . 
  it 's the difference in our social policies , we think of other people , you guys only seem to think of yourself . 
  what sort of opinions and speech are you referring to ? 
  in what sort of context ? 
  hate speech laws cover quite a lot but general offensive language and opinions are not covered . 
   tell me this is a misconception and that you do n't actually lock people up for their thoughts . 
  how can you lock up someone for thoughts ? 
  reading minds is impossible . 
  i would say by default for pubs and cafes go to the bar/counter and if you are n't to order there then they will tell you what the routine is, 
  i ca n't see it ever happening . 
  the uk would definitely never become part of an eu superstate and i really do n't believe france , germany or italy would have any interest in being part of one, 
  he seems a decent guy with some decent ideas . 
  not particularly remarkable over here though, 
   so europe is a mess . 
  everyone in panic where are you from that you are seeing this actually happen ? 
  any particular reason why you want to know ? 
  you get used to it . 
  i spend a lot more time in the pub in winter and i think quite a few people here do . 
  take some vitamin d , that should help a little bit, 
  your passport will get checked from the uk to the schengen area on the mainland as we have full border control around our little island .
