  the money thing is that it 's a multi billion dollar game that is purely there to make money . 
  it 's a closed league with difficult entry as a player . 
  the competition and entertainment seems to be second to making profit . 
  it 's different with european football leagues where it 's entertainment first ( kind of changing but still the core concept is there ) and profiteering second . 
  the superbowl is irrelevant here . 
  some people watch it but just because 175m americans watch it means nothing . 
  does the cricket wc cause waves in the us ? 
  it 's games have billions of viewers so how can it be something americans barely think about ? 
  decent pair of trainers , nice pair of jeans that fit , fashionable t shirt from high street chain and some sort of hoodie or light jacket depending in weather . 
  shut up . 
  are you seriously saying europeans do n't want to visit the us ? 
  there are some but america takes everything to the extreme for some reason . 
  it 's a load of shire . 
  there are rough areas of cities where people should be more vigilant but there isnt any `` no go areas '', 
  all of our coos are good but the clydesdale horse is a beast, 
  there are 10 teams in the uk elite ice hockey league . 
  the top 4 spots are taken up by a team from each constituent country . 
  not sure if we could have 4 teams take part or if we would have to choose our top team to take part ? 
  banned . 
  wrong  `` troublesome '' websites ? 
  banned . 
  nope  sites with science they do n't like ( like climate change ) ? 
  banned . 
  still nope . 
  i definitely prefer manual . 
  i drive an auto semi regularly but it does n't feel right , it does n't feel like i 'm in control of much, 
  most gypsy related hate in the uk is n't actually against gypsy 's . 
  it 's against travellers who are mostly irish travellers . 
  they are synonymous with theft , not paying any taxes and leaving behind a disgusting mess of rubbish and human excrement in the sites they broke entry into . 
  systematically keeping a race of people separate through force because you see them as inferior is entirely different from a set of people being disliked as they keep themselves away from society except to beg and steal . 
  i can tell you for certain it wo n't be the uk, 
  got anything to back that up ? 
  are you really trying to compare scotland 's situation with ireland 's ? 
  to batter people or play the school kids game of rounders . 
  that game is the one you made baseball out of, 
  bordering european countries have a threat to them but it really is lessened due to nato and eu commitments . 
  everywhere else in europe is under almost no threat, 
  none are illegal on their own . 
  if they they are part of a larger diatribe against specific people in which you are inciting violence or hatred then they would be considered illegal as part of that . 
  ireland likes a drink and seems to quite like having us round for a drink as well . 
  i 'm not sure what the style would be called but kinda normal ? 
  not too strict but not too easy going ? 
  decent amount of freedom to walk and play around that gets more free as the child grows older . 
  a wee spanked bum for being a shitbag, 
  same for us . 
  i usually get a `` oh your scottish . 
  we hate the english too '' when in america . 
  it 's weird, 
  colonial powers had at least some relationship with it . 
  britain had a considerable relationship with it , hence why we fought in the pacific theatre, 
  britain remembers our role in the pacific but it definitely takes a back seat to the european theatre , even our african campaigns get forgotten about sometimes, 
  did n't like the taste at all , the after taste was putrid . 
  all constituent uk countries , ireland , france , spain , portugal , italy , belgium , luxembourg , denmark , sweden , germany and greece . 
  not sure any are the `` best '' , each were great in their own way, 
  i do n't have the money for a season ticket but many of my friends do . 
  i have friends who have season tickets for 4 of the ` local ' teams to me . 
  i support rangers the rest are a mix of rangers , st mirren , celtic and morton, 
  what 's to stop a police officer planting evidence or a judge taking a bribe to jail someone for longer or your local doctor selling your medical history to companies ? 
  there 's a certain trust involved that it wo n't happen and that if it does happen then justice will be served . 
  he 's not , he 's too short to be seen, 
  the ballot looks something like [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=uk+ballot+paper&amp;client=ms-android-htc-rev&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjsuqx-95nqahxi1hokhzwjdnqq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=511&amp;dpr=3#imgrc=upn-2zcuse1jum%3a ), 
  making people pay more for their service than advertised purely so the establishment can pay their staff less is stupid . 
  it 's a bit shit most of the time . 
  average temperature in july is 15 \u2103 and average in january is 3 \u2103 . 
  we get 1200 hours of sunshine and about 1400mm of rain . 
  never mind the wind we get off the atlantic, 
  in edinburgh there is the [ 1 o'clock gun ] ( http://www.royal-mile.com/castle/oneoclockgun.html ) . 
  it 's was used so ships could reset chronometer or some shit, 
  i only know of him through one of his songs being on a fifa game and maybe being mentioned a couple times on radio 1, 
  schools have teams for different sports but no one outside of the team cares about them . 
  the only time i remember more than 10 pupils watched a football match was when the senior team was playing in a cup semi final against the local catholic high school . 
  it was friends against friends and also a proxy for the old firm and the catholic v protestant mind set that west of scotland has . 
  high schools are just schools here , they might have a small band but they have little else to do with the local area or the community, 
  there 's nothing that can really be done about travellers . 
  i have no problem with their choice of lifestyle but they really make it difficult to like them, 
  says the guy obsessed about what europeans think of americans ? 
  i 've only ever seen it in old catholic people 's houses, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.8402432,-4.2778836,3a,75y,229.56h,94.27t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sslx091_wxb4ehxeevmyrag!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) is the most expensive street in glasgow . 
  its fairly long and tree lined so difficult to actually see the houses, 
  it 's more the train down to eurostar being the expensive one for me , # 130 off peak return or # 380 anytime return . 
  being an island means this is the only way to get to europe by train . 
  i can fly for # 95 return to cdg, 
  i get unlimited data and its far easier to use whatsapp . 
  when in the us it can cost me to send a text but does n't cost me to use my data or wi-fi . 
  whatsapp is like facebook messenger for people who do n't have facebook . 
  texting is pretty much obsolete, 
  being on an island it 's more difficult and expensive to get to the continent by train but flying is fairly cheap for us . 
  i fly to a random european city at least once a year , a weekend abroad can cost similar to what i would spend on a night out here, 
  he 's not replied many times in here so i think he was trolling , quite well to be fair, 
  that happens here too ... 
  are we meant to have been able to see the future and know about the referendum and the result ? 
  capacity isnt everything , most stadiums in europe are smaller in capacity due to our stringent safety rules in place after some disasters over the years . 
  to me college football looks subdued , it 's all choreographed and manufactureres with speakers spewing out music for people to sing along to . 
  american sports fans and football fans here have different attitudes at the games as well , in america it 's all very well behaved with chants as crazy as `` i believe that we will win '' whereas in europe there 's a much more `` adult '' slant to the fans . 
  i 'm not saying one is necessarily better than the other but i prefer it the way it 's done here as its more organic you should look up `` the old firm '' and tell me if that seems `` subdued '' compared to college football, 
  americans funded and sold weapons to the ira during their active bombing campaign against the uk, 
  paisleys tallest is 43m high . 
  actually there 's 8 that are that high . 
  tallest building in glasgow is the [ glasgow tower ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/glasgow_tower ) at 127m tall . 
  it holds a guinness world record for tallest tower in the world that can rotate a full 360 \u00b0 .
