  glasgow has a metropolitan area of 1.2 m, 
   i 'm not sure what you mean i may have badly worded that i find it odd that we have n't banned it even though we seem to like banning things that are bad for us and people will find reasons to do it whereas in america it seems that things do n't get banned until they 're really bad . 
  i hear people saying combining them is a real problem but there 's rarely anything more than conjecture to back it up, 
  it 's odd how america goes that far but here we do n't seem to have the same health issues related with the same drinks . 
  we had 4 loko here too but in scotland it was replaced by `` dragon soop '' which is the same thing . 
  our most notorious drink is buckfast which has more caffeine per 100ml and more alcohol and there 's been calls for that to be banned but that 's due to violent behavior and not due to the health issues . 
  it helped the uk not become bankrupt after the war but that was also in part to ww1 debts to us not being paid back and they were worth more than the us loaned to us during the marshall plan . 
  it took us until 2006 to repay as well and i think that what gives some people a negative view on it all . 
  also do n't forget america did n't do it to be nice , they done it because they benefitted greatly from it, 
  most definitely vodka and mixer . 
  jd and soco are quite popular too but nowhere near as popular as vodka, 
  i find it really weird how the us made alcoholic energy drinks illegal . 
  what was the reason behind it ? 
  in scotland you can go to university at the end of 5th year which is 16/17 years old . 
  that year is where you choose your initial 5 ` highers ' which are the general requirements for uni . 
  in 6th year you can do 4 or 5 highers or advanced highers which are similar to first year uni stuff . 
  5th grade year i chose english , maths , french , geography and chemistry . 
  all highers 6th year i chose english ( resit ) , maths ( resit ) , physics and graphic communication . 
  all highers, 
  tennents super, 
  when i was in sweden a few years ago i found `` slut '' and `` fart '' in shop windows to be absolutely hilarious, 
  we share many words with iceland , scandinavia , denmark and netherlands, 
  still live with mummy and daddy . 
  i 'm currently saving for a deposit for a mortgage but it 's fucking expensive . 
  go out and get hammered . 
  is there something else people do ? 
  personally i have 3 cars , 1 van and 1 bicycle . 
  i use my van everyday for work , i have a ` weekend car ' , a sensible car and a project car . 
  my family have quite a few vehicles also . 
  in the uk the main fuse is rated between 60-100a . 
  this is single phase and you can get 3 phase installed but it does cost extra . 
  that 's only 13a . 
  that would be thoroughly ridiculous to have as the maximum current, 
  the sectarianism within scotland and northern ireland . 
  it 's a total scourge on our society and holding the country back big time, 
  krakow is a great destination for a boozy weekend . 
   americans are so stupid !, 
  again not what i said . 
  the comment before it said europeans thought us was small and i replied saying the same happens in reverse , never once called anyone stupid . 
   not having them in the local supermarket makes it more difficult to find . 
  what a surprise , i actually said that it was n't as easy to find  i 'm asking why you 're so obsessed with the us and especially with things that do n't concern you i 'm not obsessed . 
  i quite like the us and was making comments about my experiences in the us and with americans . 
  why does that not concern me ? 
   americans are ignorant and stupid . 
  absolutely not what i said  americans ca n't make bread or chocolate , that 's a favorite one on reddit . 
  never once said that . 
  i said it was n't as easily available as where i am . 
   do you realize nearly every comment you make is about america ? 
  what 's with the obsession ? 
  not even close to being true . 
  today i spent some time commenting on askanamerican , does n't mean i do every day . 
   ignorant comment about building codes . 
  ignorant how ? 
   so answer the question says the guy coming into a european sub to tell us what 's wrong with us ? 
  pot , kettle , black, 
  60mbps , # 55/mo ( with tv included ) , no cap , fibre . 
  virgin media, 
  the opium wars is one for me . 
  essentially going to war with a country so we could get their citizens addicted to the drugs we were selling . 
  most likely each football federation would n't give up their position in fifa and would continue to exist and compete as the individual states they are now . 
  similar to how the uk has multiple teams, 
  my first trip abroad was when i was 6 so i down really remember . 
  i 've been abroad for at least 2 weeks pretty much every year since . 
  for scotland , ireland is like our mate that 's always up for a laugh and together we get absolutely fucked and have a great time while england is the pal that 's a bit of a cunt at times but he 's still our mate . 
  aww you linked me too now . 
  i 'm fairly sure we will come across each other here and askanamerican quite often, 
  shame there 's nobody on that sub to actually comment ... 
   we represent the nation which should be setting the examples of morality , and decency when is america going to start attempting that ? 
  morality and decency are n't things usually associated with the united states, 
  90 % of the people i met were very willing to learn about where i 'm from and about the uk . 
  it was nice to be able to dispel some of the ridiculous myths out there, 
  thinking its a province is one thing and quite understandable , thinking its a city is a bit ridiculous, 
  no chance , it was hilarious . 
  i quite enjoyed answering all the silly questions, 
  thinking scotland was part of ireland , thinking scotland was a city in england , thinking guns are 100 % banned , thinking we only drove around smart cars , thinking europe was only a couple hundred miles from the us mainland , thinking the whole of europe was the size of texas , being surprised we have the same smart phones ... 
  i could go on for ages , it was a very eye opening trip to virginia , west virginia and florida, 
  the west coast certainly does have a ridiculous amount of rain and constant cloud , especially the more north you go . 
  usually a couple rolls and square sausage , if it 's a friday i 'll usually get a fried egg on the rolls too, 
  30 \u2103 in scotland is when we start to melt . 
  that 's far too hot here, 
  beer with family on special occasions from 13 then drinking cider with friends on the street from 14 then i was lucky enough to get into the pub from 16, 
  well where are you going ? 
  by ` rightful owner ' do you mean the country that did n't exist when the islands were first settled ? 
  what makes argentina the rightful owner ' ? 
  also a bit rich rich talking about colonialism with regards to argentina . 
   how 're things going in iraq ? 
  also a bit rich considering argentina were the ones attempting a military invasion and occupation of the falklands, 
   i could call uk a ` fascist state ' or a ` rogue state ' over the malvinas islands , in all honesty please explain ? 
  how is the un `` right to self determination '' anything to do with facism ? 
  it 's simple , the independence referendum settled it for now . 
  if scotland votes to staying the eu and ruk votes to leave , there will 100 % be a serious push for another referendum for independence due to their being such a serious difference in political will of the country 's . 
  the outcome of a 2nd referendum is not guaranteed as a no like last time . 
  that 's a very uncommon position here . 
  the vast majority of independence supporters support being in the eu and maybe about half of uk unionists want to leave the eu . 
   and would such a state be able to survive economically i have no doubts it would survive but their would no doubt have to be done heavy cuts across the board . 
  it would take time for the country to find its feet and find industries to become profitable . 
  i 'm just outside glasgow and can get up to 150 but have 70 because it 's cheaper and more than enough for what i need it for . 
  i 'm currently working in aberdeenshire and the hotel i 'm in struggles to get 5 on a good day . 
  it 's a super mixed bag here, 
  i 'm just outside glasgow and can get up to 150 but have 70 because it 's cheaper and more than enough for what i need it for .
