  not really a thing in the uk . 
  some youth groups and football teams will have a week long camp or holiday but that 's really it, 
  as a spaniard , what do you think is a fair way to settle any border disputes with regards to brexi negotiations ? 
  i watch nfl if it 's on tv and there 's absolutely nothing else on which is n't very often . 
  when i was younger one of my mates loved it and we played madden alot , that got me into the falcons but the vick got done for the dog fighting and i totally lost interest in them, 
  when i broke my arm and requited surgery it was : thursday : break arm , get x-ray and cast and sent home . 
  friday am : see orthopaedic consultant , get told need surgery , says he will be in contact about surgery date friday pm : get phone call that surgery is to be the following tuesday afternoon tuesday am : get told my surgery is being brought forward . 
  tuesday pm : get told i can go home it was all a really easy and very quick process, 
  happy enough i think . 
  life is n't perfect but it never is, 
  there is a uk championship with a small support . 
  the fans that do follow it are serious about it but it 's just not that popular, 
   if it stops pushing warm water from the caribbean to europe , there might be a new mini ice age - paradoxically europe could become much colder . 
  yip , europe could be fucked into an ice age, 
  it has n't in any meaningful way . 
  i just have to listen to the racists in work discuss how to `` deal with '' muslims, 
  we profiteered quite a lot during the war . 
  the clyde shipyards built `` blockade runners '' for the confederates to get supplies through . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we did have a little scuffle known as `` the troubles '' . 
  that was n't so good for it all, 
  i 'm a scottish unionist and rangers fan so i know a fair few people that are like this and who travel across to belfast for the 12th but i 'm not into it myself . 
  in scotland and n.i especially we have a very serious sectarian element between protestants and catholics . 
  it 's a bit less on your face just now but that 's only because it 's bubbling under the surface, 
  it 's a 12th of july bonfire . 
  northern irish protestants burn these huge fires with republican/catholic stuff on them . 
  it 's a symbol of the deep rooted sectarianism we have here, 
  for me , mother 28 and father 30 . 
  it 's was 2 years earlier for my big brother, 
  there 's approximately 4000 in the greater glasgow area which is about 1m people in total . 
  i have only ever properly met one jew that i know of and that was at a party and we got along fine, 
  this is my first year since i was very young that i have n't got a planned holiday . 
  saving for a house has caused me to not have a real holiday but i think i 'll be having a long weekend in ibiza , salou or similar in september . 
  flights are only # 50 return and accommodation is cheap as i 'm not too fussed about it . 
  i like hawaii but the best flag is the city flag of tallahassee, 
  i done my apprenticeship to be an electrician . 
  i quite enjoyed it . 
  getting paid to learn is brilliant, 
  in my school we done a small bit on the pacific theatre but it focused on the the british forces that were there with some coverage of the american and soviet forces, 
  drunk , wear skirts , swear a lot , eat very unhealthy deep fried food and ginger hair . 
  how good are our stereotypes, 
  ( scotland ) in 5th or 6th year of high school you apply for university using your preliminary exam results . 
  you will get a conditional or non conditional offer . 
  if you get a conditional then you must achieve the required grades in the final exams to be able to attend the course you wish . 
  averaging just under every 2 years, 
  saying your half something is fairly normal but country of birth takes precedent when describing ones self . 
  my friend is half moroccan half scottish , she describes herself as scottish unless people ask further questions , then she becomes halfrican, 
  it 's ok , i struggle to watch it live but i do sometimes enjoy watching the highlights . 
  also used to enjoy playing madden, 
  correct, 
  glasgow, 
  getting drunk and stabby, 
  scotland : primary school ( p1-p7 ) is for ages 4/5 to 11/12 high school ( s1-s6 ) is ages 12/13 to 17/18 . 
  s1 to s4 is compulsory , s5 is optional as is s6 . 
  you can leave school when you are 16 . 
  you have exams in s4 , s5 and s6 . 
  these consist of prelim exams at christmas time then the final exams in may . 
  yes , they are a pain in the arse but luckily very rare, 
  social media is a huge part of the youth experience with scouts these days . 
  its amazing having scouts keep in touch half way across the world for years and eventually meet back up again . 
  love my kilt, 
  dashcams are fine . 
  security cameras need to be pretty careful about where they actually cover . 
  if it does n't cover enough of your own property then it can be illegal, 
  i 've worked in a couple of refugees houses . 
  they are incredibly pleasant and very thankful when you help out . 
  they ca n't usually speak english very well but will try their best to help you understand, 
  champions league final is definitely the european superbowl . 
  i have only ever met one jewish guy that i know of . 
  he was a couple years below me in school and i met him at a party once . 
  from [ loch katrine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/loch_katrine ) . 
  it serves most of greater glasgow  do you have problems with chalk in your water ? 
  nope , the water up here is soft water . 
  we have no issues with any mineral build up, 
  most scottish things get mistaken as irish in many parts of the world, 
  we let you leave ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  father ted was made for british tv . 
  it 's one the collaborations that work so well, 
  twice . 
  first time was to report a fire on a house . 
  second was to report a friend of a friend who was trying to drive home while incredibly drunk, 
  i know racists but they are n't right wing . 
  i know a couple guys through work who are far right , they are scumbags . 
  we have an awful lot in our history to be proud of as well as lots to not be proud of and they usually go hand in hand, 
  pint a day, 
  that would make you working class . 
  middle class is 4 bedroom house , 3 luxury cars and a couple of holidays a year . 
  middle class is n't really the middle here , it 's more upper middle . 
   are those all premiere league teams ? 
  no they span all the professional leagues with obviously a fair difference in stadium size between the top and bottom  it seems that the stadiums are smaller because the teams and fans are more fractionalized that is probably part of it . 
  as much as i would like to see bigger stadiums here i do n't think it 's particularly cost effective for the clubs that could fill larger stadiums . 
  50-60k is pretty standard across the board for teams with big supports so there must be some reasoning for it . 
  fun stadium attendance related fact . 
  when rangers and celtic both fill out there stadiums ( very common just now ) it works out as 2.2 % of scotland 's population, 
  i 'm not really saying anything different . 
  in us it 's common to support both an nfl team and a college team which bolsters numbers for both whereas you will not find anyone here who supports 2 professional football teams in the same area . 
   what is a typical number of teams for a metro , and london is not a typical city . 
  glasgow has 11 in its metropolitan area , manchester has 7 , birmingham has 6 , edinburgh has 4 . 
  those 4 city metropolitan areas alone have almost as many professional teams as the nfl does in the whole us,
