in my school there was a bit on the great depression if you took higher history . 
  that was it outside of the general mentions for ww1 and 2, 
  `` where is the uk , i have never heard of it '' `` do you wish you had democracy ? 
  i know the us is one of the only countries that has it '' `` do you guys play soccer ? '', 
  `` how do you charge your phone if you do n't have american plugs ? '', 
  there is a huge list of ridiculous questions from my visits to virginia and florida, 
  yes . 
  lots of clay shooting and a bit of rifle target shooting . 
  i always have and always will support rangers , they are my local team and my family has supported them for at least 100 years . 
  i love going to away games with scotland but i just ca n't do it with rangers . 
  too many utter scumbags, 
  its an unfortunate side effect of allowing some social housing tenants to choose if people are allowed into their house or not . 
  they really should just be told that the workers are going in and that 's it . 
  yeah rangers are the protestant unionist club and celtic the catholic irish republican one . 
  its not as bad as it used to be , especially not as outwardly obvious but there is still pockets of serious bigotry still going on, 
  the local community used small talk to find out who supported rangers and who supported celtic and did n't allow the rangers fans into some houses while giving us abuse . 
  to show balance it also happened round the corner with the celtic fans not being allowed into some houses while being given abuse, 
  i 've not been allowed in to work in a couple houses for being a rangers fan and protestant even though i 'm not a protestant . 
  luckily my company still paid me, 
  i thought london done well as a host country ? 
  played some touch games with mates a couple times . 
  this was because a couple are right into it and a couple times some americans have visited and wanted to play a bit, 
  15 i 'm sure . 
  also been to every constituent uk country, 
  think of how many people would take the next day or 2 off due to hangovers and still being pished . 
  it would be glorious, 
  pint glass lengths, 
  been 15 \u00b0 and raining for the past 3 weeks, 
  personal experience says sweden . 
  even the ugly mcdonalds girls were all good looking, 
  there are a group in the north of scotland at the moment who are posting tons of leaflets through doors , buying advertising boards and spraying graffiti all over the placs, 
  dpd are one of my favourite delivery companies . 
  they are far better in my area then anyone else, 
  do n't have one . 
  better to have none before driving than some, 
  you should n't order a half pint at all unless you are very old . 
  pints or nothing, 
  one of the teams we have actually managed to beat in our world cup qualifying campaign, 
  i have never heard of anyone doing that . 
  when you live around castles they become boring . 
  there is very little similar, 
  natural gas combi boiler, 
  in english its `` ground source heating '', 
  it makes an appearance at stereotypically middle class sporting events eg . 
  cricket , international rugby and wimbledon, 
  gypsys are ethnic gypsys and pikeys are the irish travellers ` gypsys ', 
  itv are the worst for lack of impartiality, 
  were they gypsys or pikeys ? 
  primary school 4/5 - 10/11 = 420 high school 11/12 - 17/18 = 1500, 
  badgers can fuck your shit up too, 
  i 'm sure the eu guarantees 28 days holiday for a full time worker, 
  yip . 
  get smashed with your pals, 
  i see no reason to self hate any part of me that i have no control over . 
  get over yourself, 
  depends on what they want to know about . 
  if they are interested in the country and general history then 8/10 . 
  if they want to know about how much we hate the english and learn about how we have been colonised by england then 2/10, 
  i 'm guessing it 's not really seen as required . 
  it 's not something we have been taught so its just a thing we seem to do, 
  it 's taking advantage of someone in an inebriated state . 
  if both parties are drunk then it 's a level playing field , just like if both are sober, 
  sober guys trying it on with drunk girls gives me the creeps . 
  i know of a couple guys who made that their pulling technique and i find it disgusting, 
  the world jamboree in 2007 ? 
  we have a couple different associations . 
  the largest being `` the scout association '' . 
  the rest do n't differ too much , just different interpretations, 
  sweden has a lot of scouts, 
  i 'm guessing you did n't think the weather would be better than it is ? 
  every day after work and usually a saturday if i 'm not too hungover to move . 
   also , how often do you shampoo ? 
  every time i shower  what 's your favorite brand ? 
  head and shoulders 2 in 1 or own brand equivalent, 
  pretty much bang on, 
  it 's not uncommon but most people will find it a bit weird . 
  i do n't trust guys who do n't drink but still try and get a girl on nights out, 
  over the whole summer there will be about 3 or 4 weeks of nice weather . 
  the rest is a bit shit, 
  i worked with a couple boys from aberdeen who said the same . 
  the east is dryer but colder which is easily to deal with than the shitey rain, 
  for the west coast of scotland , definitely how cloudy , rainy and shit the weather is . 
  people always think their own country is bad until they visit here , had many americans say how they love overcast weather until they get here and realise it 's overcast and shit for 75 % of the year . 
  it 's terrible where i am . 
  a syrian family had the audacity to volunteer to clean up their new neighbourhoods as a thank you . 
  how dare they steal our jobs !, 
  when did you visit ? 
  it 's had a rough past but i have never heard such a damning review of the city in my life . 
  sounds like you came in the 1890s, 
  what 's wrong with glasgow ? 
  in my high school there was a thing called `` activities week '' . 
  this was the last week of term before the summer break . 
  the school offered activities to the students for the week that you could sign up to . 
  some were free activities in school , some were cheap local days out and there was about 6 or 7 more expensive trips ( still reasonably cheap ) to different countries in europe . 
  i went to germany ( black forest ) , spain ( barcelona ) and italy ( venice ) . 
   i do think the government should exist for the purpose of military defense btw . 
  how is this military funded ? 
  taxes taken through force ? 
  you think your government does n't know everything you do ? 
  every country has their internet monitored , the differences come with how public this knowledge is and how the government use what they know .
