what are his views on ttip ? 
  anyone knows ? 
  that is the biggest threat right now . 
  well , if he cancels the in vitro laws , that will only cause emigration of couples seeking one . 
  i mean having a baby is the main goal of peoples lives . 
  otherwise , there will be even further population decrease . 
  i 'm not sure if he will ever change anything about that really , despite he 's views . 
  the really scary thing is that his party collaborated with cia back in the kaczy\u0144ski days . 
  they were responsible for the secret cia prisons . 
  the only thing i 'm really worried about is more surveillance , more cia spies , more american capital taking over polish market ( i 'm sure he 'll push ttip if it reaches our legislation ) . 
  the in vitro is a minor case . 
  it 's like this - the komorowski 's party ( po ) is basically selling out poland to germany , while the duda 's party ( pis ) is selling out to america . 
  both ways they are traitors . 
  there are things that happen all the time , because it 's the nature of life , like accidents and diseases , also crime to some extent is unpreventable . 
  but when it comes to creating international humanitarian crisis , it was only a matter of time , with the current policies . 
  i 'm not even expecting they will solve it immediately , but for god 's sake , make some real effort , not just send terrorists to blow up boats . 
  that 's the lowest possible mode of operation one can think of . 
  it 's ridiculous , not to say criminal . 
  since they will obviously blow up every boat around , weather it 's used legally or not , and weather owner is a smuggler , fisherman , or whatever . 
  that 's how it works . 
  that 's how americans work , eu should not do that . 
  organise safe transport route for the immigrants , obviously . 
  provide them with shelter and creating plan for making them eu citizens asap . 
  but before that , make an effort to diagnose , why are these people fleeing , and how this happened . 
  i assure you eu was a major player when it comes to destabilising the region . 
  this situation is an outcome of decades of stupid exploitive politics . 
  i would gladly deport every chief of security , general , and pro-war polititian , and exchange them for those poor people . 
  they at least will be able to do some decent job . 
  but as usual in socialist structures , no one is responsible , everything is aimed at sweeping issues under the rug . 
  that is great . 
  i hope this technology will be soon a standard for every couple . 
  but it 's not like he was born this week . 
  i 'm not paid to come with solutions , i pay taxes for those idiots solve it . 
  who care what is my solution ? 
  would you personally make sure that if i come with one it will be used ? 
  stop wasting my time . 
  the solution is to stop exploiting people . 
  but this would involve all those useless bastards loose their jobs . 
  that is the most lazy idiotic solution for solving the immigration problem . 
  its the level of reasoning of a cavemen . 
  just imagine the monkeys in the circle `` thinking '' about it . 
  we have problem - other people , them come on boats . 
  other people bad . 
  we destroy boats . 
  no people come on boats . 
  i 'm genius . 
  stalin would really like this logic !, 
  why the fuck not just straight go and kill everyone in the area , that would really solve the problem . 
  i do n't believe people like this can be in charge in xxi century . 
  evolution is a lie . 
  they are all cavemen in uniforms . 
  there you have it . 
  democracy laughed out . 
  but who paid for the killing of massive amounts of people over the last 5 decades ? 
  also - look what are they doing to the internet now - trying to use it against people , as a tool of repression . 
  your argument is stupid , since the www would be created anyway , without government help . 
  just because army gets shitloads of money to do something first , it does not mean they are the only capable of achieving it , and certainly does not give them right to enslave world and kill people . 
  look how spacex is creating best rockets to this day - where is the military funding ? 
  yeah , we know how that `` industry '' works . 
  blowing up buildings full of their own citizens to create invasions . 
  very nice `` industry '' . 
  but what it produce is just war and misery . 
  it consumes massive resources and gives absolutely nothing back . 
  if you seriously think creating jobs is an enough reason to kill people , you are just too brain-dead to be reasoned with . 
  how the fuck can you not understand a value of peace ? 
  tell it to the monkeys ... sigh, 
  does this include shitloads of crack and amphetamine ? 
  yes , quote the tribal lords of the past . 
  do n't you want to evolve already ? 
  you hold the whole world back . 
  military - cancer of global society . 
  maybe we should start thinking less about being successful and more about majority of people living better lives . 
  in poland we have law prohibiting literally `` hurting religious feelings '' . 
  yes , your feelings are safe in poland . 
  we are religious-emo people . 
  you can go to prison for 2 years if you hurt someone 's ' religious feelings . 
  i hate my country for this . 
  to gay people , maybe , idk, 
  briefly , like sort of exercises ? 
  or the generals just want to sip on b\u0103beasc\u0103 neagr\u0103 on a beach over black sea ? 
  edit : nope , cincu is in transilvania ( the mountain region ) so i guess only wine , no sea . 
  wtf were you doing on your bike in that weather ? 
  that is some serious tornado !, 
  is this normal in this part of germany , or some apocalyptic anomaly ? 
  who is there to ideologically support some policies in us , so i 'm wondering what kind of policy eu is preparing , so they need who to speak out . 
  fat tax ? 
  i totally understand what are you saying here , and i want to add something to this point . 
  the need to exert violence is always deeply rooted in tragic mindset , that the citizen can not do anything about the situation , so he acts out with this stupid violence that comes out of irritation and helplesness . 
  such violence is very easily manipulated by the state into nationalism . 
  it is the economical oppression , what makes people go to war , as well as creating false expectations , which are then brutally shattered by reality . 
  please notice all greatest outbursts of state agression are always preceded by famine , usually combined with deepening of the wealth gap . 
  that is why i 'm afraid all the eu sanctions might eventually end up in russian building up ideological support for war . 
  that is why i 'm totally for the sanctions that target the wealthiest russians , but against those that will result in impoverishment of regular russian society . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i admitted usa leads in that , so yes , people in my stupid country swallow this brainwashing very gladly , because my shitty government is unable to provide a resonable alternative . 
  are you somehow unable to understand my position here ? 
  that is precisely what i admit - usa role is brainwashing , enslaving and draining resources of every foreign country , even if it mean brainwashing it own population in the process . 
  obviously the majority of us citizens are not really considered americans , by some of capital owners , just a working force without rights . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  what are you having problem with ?
