  golden dawn are a real terrorist organisation . 
  the problem is they let the nationalists grab the power . 
  a far-right in the government , especially as a internal affairs minister , is not a good idea . 
  those people still live a wwii mentality . 
  i 'm not saying in poland it 's better , but at least we do n't have them in government . 
  the political murders and prosecution of jews is already happening . 
  i really fear for the polish minority in wilnus . 
  the problem is that many ultra-nazis have mentioned an armed offensive in polish direction , and when the us will supply arms , there is really no guarantee for that not to happen . 
  baldurs gate `` shadows of amn '' was using that quote from nietzsche . 
  its a nice move , but i wonder , what if some of that propaganda will actually come out as truth ? 
  will they reveal that ? 
  or just spread counter-propaganda ? 
  russian trolls think 9/11 was a coverup . 
  do you think eu will investigate ? 
  ok , i wo n't argue , since i was not following that at the time . 
  just medial impression i guess . 
  i must admit , this interview reveals he 's a really intelligent , progressive and experienced leader . 
  but why would such a leader use chlorine gas on civilians ? 
  it does not add up . 
  i think he 's just a good diplomat , however when it comes to actions he might be as ruthless as other dictators in the region . 
  `` the upa murdered my uncle , nailing him with forks to the barn door . 
  from what i know , he died three days later . 
  their savagery was beyond human imagination . 
  nazi germany did not come up with what those ukrainians were doing ( ... ) '', 
  wow , can there be any more vicious hybrid than bankers and oil company ? 
  but the revolution in syria started as a peaceful one , and he started the violence . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the only really rational way would be for russia fuck the nationalist stance and seek merging with eu . 
  why is that impossible ? 
  wow , i thought it was just an exaggeration , but this man was apparently really fucked up . 
  however the commie bloc is not half as bad as the 18th century tenement . 
  really . 
  i think this problem of multi story buildings is much older . 
  we should finally make governments give a piece of land to every citizen . 
  a human without his own piece of land is like a medieval peasant . 
  i think that is the main problem in housing . 
  if i had my piece of land i 'd build a house with my own hands . 
  it 's really not that great achievement to do it . 
  but the fascists need to control your every move . 
  and the sociotechnik behind the commie bloc is obviously an architectural , but also moral crime . 
  good reform . 
  public control over the content of education , and no control on the personal level . 
  that is super just . 
  i also love the democratic election of deans . 
  this will cut the nepotism and lobbyism . 
  very good approach . 
  power to the people . 
  wow . 
  ur total ignorant . 
  it 's a most crucial element of democracy . 
  why the hell some state agency or some shady lobbyist eu institution should have rights to choose personnel at the uni ? 
  that is how bribing flourish , and government money are wasted on external programs . 
  unis should totally govern themselves . 
  and the level of education is guaranteed by the national committee of all uni teachers . 
  that is as good as it can get . 
  we have something like that 50/50 rule in poland and it just makes the same old fart win every election due to government support . 
  while students in general oppose him . 
  i 've seen it first hand . 
  on minor offence the university has internal laws and courts to deal with them . 
  on major offence they will contact the police . 
  but the asylum at university is an absolute standard in higher education . 
  have you been to an university ? 
  this is very important to secure freedom of education . 
  quite the contrary , the state only secures that the content of education will be decided by multi-school committee , and at equal level at all institutions , thus securing quality of education . 
  its the perfect example of how democracy should work . 
  also the deans will be chosen by the students and teachers , not by ministry of education , or some other state apparatus . 
  that is uber-democratic . 
  i love it . 
  we need to prohibit drone strikes and kick entire us army out of germany . 
  cia is trying to prevent evidence on 9/11 to reach court . 
  stay strong denmark , and do n't get terrorized . 
  we need to speak out the truth . 
  its not . 
  denmark is the first country to put evidence on 9/11 under court . 
  figure that out . 
  brit gov is as nazi as us gov. 
  armed drones should also be banned . 
  it 's not rally a mystery . 
  the bandera followers ( neo nazis ) are killing them . 
  everyone who knows something about ukraine will tell you . 
  this was expected . 
  well , the pro-russians should have known and fled the country . 
  i 'm really supportive of the ukrainian independence , but the neo-nazis used this war to grab power . 
  it will be really hard for them to join eu with these people in government . 
  fuck you zuckerberg and your nsa buddies . 
  in europe `` free '' means no surveillance and no censorship . 
  windows has open doors for nsa spyware . 
  may be good for personal non important use , but not for government activities . 
  if linux is good for launching spacex rockets into space , than it should be good enough for governing a country . 
  well done iceland , you showed the world again what real governance is . 
  bp will be gone in no time . 
  i 'm glad they dropped it . 
  we do n't need such fuckhead nazis in the green industry . 
  let them die . 
  with every electric car and solar panel you make the petrol cheaper , the shitlords like bp closer to bankruptcy , and the world a nicer place . 
  \\ the short answer of course would be - `` fuck of americans '' . 
  1 . science is not something you believe in . 
  we agree that the scientific facts are consistent . 
  we require of the scientific community to tell the truth and provide real data . 
  this is a social demand for obeying certain well defined principles .
