  it is not a belief . 
  2 . feelings are not in opposition to science - this is a false supposition given by non-scientists . 
  in fact scientist are among the most feeling , generous , warm people on earth . 
  i mean physicists , chemists , mathematicians ( and maybe some programmers and engineers ) . 
  the rest of so called `` scientists '' like medicine doctors , drug designers , plus all that fringe of so called `` social sciences '' - are not really scientist , but in most cases scammers and half-wits , with very low intellectual ethos . 
  they use tools provided by science like a monkey would use a man made tool - without understanding of principles of it 's operation , often using peoples lack of knowledge to their benefits . 
  3 . harm done by scientific tools is harm done by idiots/criminals who wield them - like medical doctors , politicians , army , drug companies , farming industry , etc. 
  the tools themselves can not do any harm if wielded with caution and knowledge about their operation . 
  implementation of discoveries , such as pesticides , polio vaccine , f.ex . 
  has done harm because medical societies and politicians found a way to make money out of them with absolutely no regard to human life . 
  capitalist approach does greatest harm , when implementing science , especially new drugs , treatments , pesticides , on mass scale . 
  all the harm done can be always traced back to human greed and disregard for human life in the dealers , as well to naivety of the victims , which usually are those who can not defend themselves , like lower class citizens , especially children . 
  ok now show me the relative home price/rent to the average salary , and you 'll understand why . 
  in poland we have highest relative rent prices in whole europe . 
  it 's all about capitalism - how the developers and house owners are out of control setting the house prices way above the affordability level . 
  most of young people have absolutely no way to own their own flat , even after 20 years of work , because they spend every penny on rent . 
  that is sick . 
  i choose the hot policewoman, 
  free those tits . 
  omg so brutal cuz they took down your images of mutilated dead children ? 
  fuck those christian cunts . 
  grow brains . 
  you defend every fetus , and than abuse every child that is born . 
  bigoted cunts . 
  i was actually happy to watch how they bust some peasants face , that was dissapointing . 
  ivan the cute-as-fuck duh, 
  that 's a typical story of polish priest mentally abusing children . 
  it happens all the time . 
  that 's what polish catholicism is all about - harrasment through constant acusations of sinful nature of children . 
  most children in pl go through it in catholic families . 
  i went through it . 
  i fucking hate those bastards . 
  all churches should be turned into secular culture centers . 
  no fucking religion allowed . 
  imagine , you being put in front of entire school and accused of possesing devil inside you ?!, 
  imagine your father and mother constantly accusing you of being a sinner , and beating the shit out of you on every occasion , when you disagree with them , or simply try to prevent their abuse . 
  that is polish catholicism for you . 
  fucking sick society . 
  the church tells people their children are evil and gives them direct approval for every abuse . 
  now wonder why so many right-wing neo nazis grow up ready to kill - someone tought them how to hate even their own children . 
  i 've been through it and i will never be able to live a normal life . 
  taking into account the scale of it - it 's million times worse than pedophilia . 
  that fucking priest should be put to death . 
  not really . 
  they 'd simply live at the same level as other farmers in europe , i guess . 
  well , i do n't really know much about it anyway . 
  it 's all about german & french lobbys . 
  when it comes to milk production , they passed a law to give fines to big producers who make too much milk above the limit , in order to keep small milk farms in germanny and france secure from too much cheap milk from poland & elswhere . 
  eu in general is a good concept , but bullshit like that makes me really mad . 
  eu fucked up many polish businesses with such regulations . 
  the minimal hour rate in poland is about 3 eur . 
  the german is 8.5 eur , so you can see there is really much difference . 
  since the trucks go through german territory , the drivers must receive the german minimal wage during those workhours in germany . 
  i do n't understand it either , but that 's how eu works appearantly . 
  well , yeah , it is regulated , there is minimal wage in poland . 
  but it 's much lower than in germany due to difference in economy , different currency etc. 
  the wage of a polish driver is lower than german minimal , however still quite good for polish standards . 
  if polish companies were to pay to drivers as germans want , they 'd go bankrupt , because they do n't receive more money just because they go through german territory . 
  it 's designed to crush smaller companies from smaller eu countries , and wo n't profit drivers since they will loose jobs . 
  a co do mnie to siedz\u0105 na majorce i popijam kaw\u0119 . 
  because he 's a chickenshit , and if his mother saw him on tv she would 've kicked him out of home for being a disgrace to the family, 
  not to mention slavery of the immigrant workers there , whose passports are taken away , and who are kept in ghettos and killed on daily basis . 
  tfw commercial , want monies greece ? 
  be ready to swallow dicks, 
  marijuana farms , unicorns and smurf villages, 
  ' a little ol lady in a shiny hat ' - as one hairy wanker says ? 
  i 'm from west poland , did the survey , i voted to stay safe . 
  my reasoning is as follows : not to give signal to the establishment/media that i 'm ready to fight , because than they will do nothing to increase the defense structures . 
  i admit it was a kind of subversive move . 
  it 's because the polititians have no respect for the peoples lives here , so i do n't want them to feel too secure about the situation . 
  i hate when some polititian speaks about patriotism and sacrifice , since they are the last to make it , even when you consider current economy , they do n't give a fuck about the majority of people . 
  same goes for right-wingers , most of them use the patriotic tone to terrorize local communities , but i feel they will be first to flee , or even go on russian side in case putin attacks . 
  i mean look at what was going on in petersburg - the whole right-wing from europe was sucking putins cock on that convention ( althou no polaks reported , but i 'm sure there were few from the national movement ( rn ) ) . 
  so the only real hope is to stick with eu , for bad and good . 
  i mean compare moscow and berlin - where would you like to live ? 
  i have no sentiment for poland as a nation . 
  i hate nationalism and believe that the sooner we ditch the idea of nation , the better . 
  it serves nothing and makes people bonkers . 
  if i go to war with russia ( and believe me , i would not miss that chance ) it will be for the eu not for my shitty peasant country . 
  probably . 
  like all fucking peasants . 
  do you think the thing with brevik was not a coincidence ? 
  i mean the former nazi groups around my city also name themselves ` templars '' now . 
  have you noticed the trend ? 
  12 % is bullshit , but still , why euro neo-nazis are lining up with putin ? 
  what is those peasants mindset ? 
  what are they up to ? 
  i 'm just sorry that majority of russians is failing again to stand up for freedom . 
  they should be given a swastika tattoo on their forhead to distinguish them from humans . 
  is n't the undercover police behind provoking the violence ? 
  and it has same red flashing frames as in neo report , which may be editors mark, 
  1 . what 's with the red frame flashing ? 
  2 . skriptatv has the full talk on their channel - there is 1 finger , but also same red flash as in neo video - original or eddited ? 
  the second take with the woman speaking has voice dubbing, 
  this is fucking scary . 
  everything you see on tv is fucking fake . 
  imagine how easy it is to forge a video evidence for court !, 
  fuck , the 911 thing , the isis execution videos , everything is fake . 
  this is so obvious right-wing provocation , or perhaps even police provocation , right-wingers would set off the bomb first . 
  it was a right wing provocation , there is no manifesto , there is one stupid , out of context `` claiming '' post on left wing forum .
