  charliehebdo - cia provocation ? 
  the question is - is this french surveillance , or us-french surveillance ( as in case of germany ) ? 
  btw - i 'm really impressed with the size of the opression apparatus - 8 different secret agencies . 
  i guess simply they have so many agents , that they have no work if they do n't start spying on innocent citizens . 
  is there any one in the world beside the russians themselves , who believes there was no russian invasion in ukraine ? 
  it comes naturally with educated society . 
  show me a government which does not . 
  look at the amount of american or russian trolls . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  do they include secret service/cia frauds ? 
  common sense, 
  `` lead '' ? 
  in what , shitty tv and kiling muslims ? 
  you are so blinded by your own farts that you ca n't even see america is a ridiculous piece of nazi crap from where i 'm living . 
  the only thing you lead in is the mindless tumble towards extermination of human race . 
  grover furr , also known as the `` espresso stalinist '' . 
  do n't put that bullshit on reddit , it 's the kind of `` research '' as holocaust denying . 
  who is the biggest stick waving monkey ? 
  europe is infested with cia spies . 
  the only hope is to finally exert total government power over secret services , which in fact in majority are really really useless anyway . 
  yes , yes , we know how us `` defends '' itself , by invading every fucking piece of land it can . 
  usa is a terrorist state , and as long as this continuous no democratic country will stand chance against cia terror in eu . 
  time for some good-ol time purges in the power-resorts yurop . 
  should n't the lithuanian & swedish navy be securing the construction route ? 
  i mean , finland had no problems with dropping few granades at ruskie submarines . 
  holy crap , we need to strike more , to be like the rich countries . 
  good for them ... 
  law is the law . 
  the guy is responsible for his dogs death , since he brought it to denmark , not the authorities . 
  sad story , but this dog might have killed a child or injure somebody . 
  the man 's suicide only proves he was emotionally unstable , which is not a good person to train a potentially deadly animal . 
  are you sure they did the research by themselves , or just bought the survey results from local opinion poll agencies ( which in majority are heavily pro-government-biased , as all pl citizens know ) ? 
  i 've never heard of pew doing polls in my country . 
  edit : also - lol pewdiepie result on google instead of pew ... 
  this is some piece of propaganda . 
  this piece of crap agreement is useless to my country . 
  before they reach ratification stage , the government will be changed and we will never go for it . 
  mark my words . 
  your grandfather was not a fascist then . 
  he obviously did not follow the fascist ideology . 
  you just use the word fascist in some strange way and wonder why people do n't understand you . 
  typical greek argument , first they throw glass at you than they start talking . 
  too much sun i guess . 
  time to go to war, 
  us is a uncontrolled mess . 
  who would like to make treaties with country which ca n't account for their military budget ( 2.3 trillion in 2001/1 trillion in 2003 / now still 1 billion in 2014 ) ? 
  with the economy increase after 2015q1 at 0.2 % ? 
  eu has no long term interests for making business with a a country at the brink of bankruptcy governed by out of control corporations and constantly leaking money from overgrown military complex . 
  ttip is a no-go , i repeat ttip is a no-go . 
  who would like to make treaties with country which ca n't account for their military budget ( 2.3 trillion in 2001 / 1 billion in 2014 ) ? 
  with the economy increase at 0.3 % lvl in 2014 ? 
  eu has no long term interests for making business with a a country at the brink of bankruptcy governed by out of control corporations . 
  this will result in major bacteria outbreaks . 
  there is no chance for hygiene in food industry without plastic bags . 
  mystery vandal is a cool name . 
  `` you got away this time , mystery vandal ... ! '', 
  if you call a fascist your hero , that makes you a fascist . 
  that is basically in what sense `` hero '' is used today - as a role model . 
  so it is an issue if ukraine was to openly state to be a fascist country , do n't you think , mr. fascist ? 
  personally i hate fascists because they have problems with such simple logical operations . 
  and idiots are the most dangerous power on earth . 
  armed idiots are most dangerous . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  the guy who wrote this article is some ignorant idiot . 
  those are wonderful examples of modernist architecture , some of them i did n't even heard of . 
  but back at the day , those were at the pinnacle of technology and design . 
  that guy has basically no knowledge about architecture , and not even a shade of taste . 
  give out the striped uniforms and shave their heads, 
  glorious finland do n't fuck around , i must say . 
  i 'm afraid that you misunderstand the higgs field entirely . 
  you should think of it more like an `` invisible pressure '' than a `` invisible object '' . 
  it manifests only through matter , as matters intrinsic property , not as a layer of space-time in our 3d everyday understanding of it . 
  it can not be thought of as having any spacial relation to material objects , therefore it can not `` move '' relatively to any object as well . 
  well written sir, 
  only 10 were stopped , some 200 are believed to enter through kaliningrad . 
  so much for the ban . 
  on the second thought , from relativistic point of view - it does . 
  it is only easier to calculate revolutions of earth around the sun , than the revolutions of sun ( and rest of universe ) around earth , but it 's not impossible . 
  schindler 's list gained a new meaning, 
  cia has close ties all across europe . 
  remember the cia secret prisons in poland ? 
  our intelligence has already been overtaken by cia . 
  we have a puppet government that follows german and american interests . 
  we are fucking poor , that 's why . 
  i ca n't afford a flat thou i 'm over 30 . 
  are they russian spies or sth ? 
  what is it all about ? 
  that 's interesting , so is there another political option , like closer to anarchist/communist street groups that would like to purge the resorts ? 
  i would totally back those guys . 
  maybe you should do it `` informally '' . 
  oh , ok , now i get why syriza was ready to make coalition with anel . 
  they are not affiliated with those mad men . 
  and how will you deal with the corrupted policemen who supported gd ? 
  are there some nice good old purges in the services ? 
  maybe put them on a boat to lybia and exchange them for some decent hard working immigrants :d, 
  looks like they might have been drowning people on purpose . 
  invaded by usa, 
  that 's why i really admire greek left . 
  they 've been able to put all those fascists on trial . 
  it 's more important for the country than any economy reform .
