  many people said thanks in their trade offer though < 3, 
  well i mostly play csgo , h1z1 and fifa 17 . 
  well i 'm currently running on a intel stock cooler . 
  here is the website : https://www.jimms.fi/ i 'd prefer to order all my stuff from the same place and this is probably the cheapest site on finland . 
  thank you very much . 
  i sent offer for your flip . 
  p1 flip + 6lk, 
  do n't have that flip anymore, 
  make sure you take everything you need with you . 
  double check everything, 
  take time to warm-up at the lan to get used to the table , chair etc. 
  it 's still the same game . 
  sleep between games . 
  go take a walk outside, 
  take enough clothes with you . 
  it might be cold there, 
  take something with you that reminds you of your setup at home . 
  like some decoration that you have on your table ect . 
  it 's your first lan . 
  do n't expect to win . 
  do your best and have fun . 
  well i have bfk fade atm, 
  well yes there is no peekers advantage etc. 
  but most of it is just in your head, 
  `` above and beyond '' - pansy, 
  added, 
  brutal, 
  sorry this was my friends knife so only keys, 
  accepted ty, 
  my friend who does n't have reddit sent you an offer for your bayo doppler for b/o, 
  well he is pretty bad at math . 
  he sent you an offer with 65k now :d, 
  do you have issues with other games ? 
  69k for bfk ? 
  my friend will send it soon  ty, 
  he already sent, 
  yes please, 
  taco will have one aswell, 
  23 tl in profile, 
  70k firm price ) ) ), 
  you are not giving a very good impression when you lie about the phase of your doppler in the info box of the trade, 
  and 0.03 p1 bayo is not worth 82k lmao, 
  just play and learn and do n't give a fuck about your rank, 
  * my binds :, 
  * mouse4 - flash, 
  * c - he, 
  yes 2.0 @ 400dpi is the same as 1.0 @ 800 . 
  your sens is pretty average . 
  just play around a little with different sensitivities and stick to what you find comfortable . 
  you should be getting more fps . 
  i have same cpu and worse gpu ( r7 260x ) and i never drop below 144 fps . 
  i play on 1280x920 low settings though . 
  90fps is not normal for those specs unless he plays 1080p high settings ... and you do n't need new windows product key if you upgrade cpu/gpu, 
  i have n't updated my cfg in ages and there might be some useless commands . 
  could someone check if there are some ? 
  why would you play 1080p high settings ? 
  http://csgo.exchange/reddit/ you can make one here, 
  dazed pov ? 
  have you checked your temperatures ? 
  i assume these are temps under load right ? 
  looks sweet . 
  what is that case ? 
  why are you reposting this ? 
  definetly yes, 
  yes it will work, 
  i would pick an m. 2 ssd for that budget but otherwise looks pretty good, 
  cloud9 will cut shroud and scream will replace him after being left out from the french superteam . 
  geocaching, 
  porridge, 
  well csgo 's system requirements have n't been updated so these sites wo n't give accurate information on how the game will run, 
  how tall are you ? 
  it 's not very crazy but definetly interesting . 
  the word ` almost ' is the longest word in the english language that has all of its letters in alphabetical order . 
  there is the bot look mode option in the maps settings, 
  6 ' 5 '' and adjustable showers masterrace, 
  finding nemo, 
  do you have the monitors power cable plugged in ? 
  no it does n't work . 
  your motherboard has fm1 socket and 6300 has am3 +, 
  food, 
  gaming , video editing and heavy multitasking, 
  reposting, 
  taco will have one aswell, 
  buy ssd, 
  man just google, 
  you need to change it from the intel graphics control panel if you have a laptop with integrated and dedicated gpu, 
  once i was the youngest person on earth, 
  actually i had the same specs . 
  csgo runs 200-300 fps at low settings . 
  the gpu is quite bad but you can run overwatch etc if you turn down the graphics settings and resolution . 
  for the price i would n't pay more than 250 $ for the pc . 
  the intel hd graphics 4600 is integrated to the cpu and the r7 is connected to the motherboard via pcie lane . 
  you ca n't use the both at the same time . 
  ( i had both but i used the r7 ), 
  1 train . 
  opened it and got a nova . 
  feelsbadman, 
  jkaem is building a team with fox afaik, 
  exchange it to euros, 
  what are your specs ?
