  * 2 new classes - druid and assassin, 
  * new types of items - runes and runewords , jewels , charms , class-specific items, 
  * crafting, 
  * and obviously a bunch of smaller changes . 
  the did n't raise the level cap since it was 99 from the start , but i 'm guessing they will in the d3 expansion . 
  well , i think they will probably follow the wow path of raising the level cap by 10 levels ( as the first wow expansion did ) while adding a couple of new skills . 
  snakes tend to come out of their invisibility if you ss , that 's how i dealt with them , just need to preemptively pop ss . 
  it 's fun , and that 's what i like about it . 
  it came out last year . 
  would you place any of the other lil b mixtapes anywhere near the top 50 ? 
  a lot of his fans consider ` god 's father ' one of the best , but i think i agree with you on ` white flame ' . 
  apples are delicious though . 
  well , it 's 20 $ per gram in estonia and our standard of living is much lower so the relative cost is even higher . 
  pretty sad that there are people like that out there . 
  [ hah , i 've got an anthrax backpatch on my vest too !, 
  ( ignore the watermark - did n't find the original picture on my pc and i could n't be arsed to take a new picture right now ), 
  this could go wrong for the developers since the vocal pirates might not tell the difference between `` broken because it is pirated '' and `` just broken '' , causing the word-of-mouth about a game being broken to spread . 
  [ doctor zaius , doctor zaius !, 
  doctor zaius , doctor zaius !, 
  doctor zaius , doctor zaius !, 
  oooh , doctor zaius !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmng3goqige ), 
  i ca n't be the only one really fucking tired of this `` when x , you have my permission to y '' meme , right ? 
  both paths of glory and dr. strangelove came before that and were brilliant too . 
  incgamers : you are very well known in the world of arpgs , and i am going to ask you , diablo 3 is probably the most anticipated pc title in 10 years . 
  what 's your opinion on the final product ? 
  david brevik : honestly , i think that they did a lot of the things the best they could , it was a very different game than i would have created , the team and personalities , the people , the talent and all the design philosophies of the people that worked on it in irvine , we called them blizzard south , those people have their own style and the their own way they like to design . 
  it was very , very different from the blizzard north . 
  so i think that when blizzard south took over the development of diablo 3 it was inevitable that they were going to create an experience that was in the diablo theme but concentrated more towards the things that they liked to experience . 
  including more story and things like that . 
  when blizzard north shut down they lost a ton of experience with why the action rpg works and what about it works . 
  that 's really difficult to recover from . 
  they did n't have the experience of people that knew it well . 
  this is why you do things with random levels for example , and so when you lose that experience you are going to create a very different experience in the end than we would have created . 
  incgamers : do you think they bought the wrong people in ? 
  as we understand , jay wilson , for example , his background was rts . 
  from our point of view it looked like they misunderstood what kept people playing , the type of loot drops , which has been a big issues . 
  one of the other issues is they have not listened to their community , and they have not anlaysed what makes up that addictive diablo experience . 
  what are your thoughts on that ? 
  david brevik : well , the loot system . 
  they made some decisions with the loot system that were very different than the way that we did it in diablo 2 and i think that obviously the community has been upset with some of the decisions they made . 
  having all of your powers work off your main weapon and things like that , to having blues that are more powerful than yellows . 
  eventually the auction house and how that worked , even something as simple as when you equip an item and it 's bound to your character permanently would have totally changed the dynamic of the game . 
  it seems odd that they have not really responded in a quick fashion to some of these things . 
  i think they are very well aware of the problems at this point and are trying to fix some of this stuff . 
  it 's a shame that they had to learn some of these painful lessons . 
  incgamers : as you created diablo , how do you feel about it ? 
  do you feel a little let down that the legacy has kind of been mashed up ? 
  david brevik : i have very mixed emotions about it ( laughs ) . 
  on one hand i am sad that people have n't enjoyed diablo because it 's a love , a passion , and its obvious people still have a giant love and passion for diablo and they are speaking out about it because they have such love for it . 
  that makes me feel great . 
  i am sad because people are outraged and , you know , some of the decision they have made are not the decisions i would make and there have been changes in philosophy and that has n't gone over very well . 
  i think in that way i am a little sad . 
  i am also a little happy , which i hate to say , it shows that the people that were involved in diablo really did matter , and so i am happy that it has come to light that how talented that group was and how unique and special that group was . 
  i am hoping that , as this happens very often in the industry , you see it with call of duty and things like that , when the people leave the game changes and it shows how critical people are in this industry . 
  incgamers : one of the questions the gazillion guys asked me to ask you was , where did the name diablo come from ? 
  david brevik : i thought of the game when i was in high school and i lived in the east part of san francisco in a town called danville and i loved at the base of mount diablo and that 's where the name comes from . 
  once i found out what the mountain name was , i thought that was awesome , i did n't speak spanish , so i thought i wanted to use that as a title for a nemesis in a videogame . 
  it 's simply from where i lived . 
  incgamers : well thanks a lot david , you 've brought a lot of pleasure to millions of people over the years and hopefully you 'll continue to do so . 
  you can . 
  that looks like a magnificent dwarven beard !, 
  or the wire . 
  [ i 've uploaded a bunch of clips of me invading as tarkus ( mostly ) in sen 's fortress , in case anyone wants more !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl3afgpsci9w1y3b0qyj6qdmvhled4g4vf ), 
  thathsthejoke.jpg ( . avi.exe ), 
  [ panic and get invaded by tarkus !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl3afgpsci9w1y3b0qyj6qdmvhled4g4vf ), 
  wait what - it currently only uses a single core ? 
  i just bought dj hero 2 ( [ thanks to the recent giant bomb tnt ] ( http://www.giantbomb.com/thursday-night-throwdown-090612/17-6535/ ) ) and i 've got [ this black knight t-shirt ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kolgz.png ), 
  it 's as if i should somehow combine these two . 
  left brain ( and somebody else too , ca n't remember ) was in the gucci gucci video . 
  please do n't ignore dredd 3d because of this - it is a wonderful ( ly brutal ) movie . 
  the sweatiest man alive . 
  yeah , and once you 've done it a couple of times already you can get through the dark souls tutorial in about 4 minutes . 
  for example : [ dat ass ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvytzkqsrse ), 
  wuz here , return of 4eva and mellowhype 's blackenedwhite , all on vinyl . 
  though i guess none of those are actually from this year ... 
  in estonia and i still ca n't play . 
  i bought a key with dlc , so maybe that 's why it 's different ? 
  for fuck 's sake , russian versions of new games are even sold in our retail stores ( since about a fourth of our population are russian ), 
  bought my key online but i 'd be super-pissed if i went to a local store , bought a copy of the game and still got this error . 
  i 'm in estonia and got the russian version ( supposedly with the cosmetic dlc ) and i still ca n't install or launch the game . 
  what 's especially fucked up is that since about a quarter of our population are russian , they sell russian versions of games ( in addition to the global releases ) in retail stores ... 
  yeah , i 'm not getting my hopes up for that happening either . 
  if i recall correctly , borderlands had the same cycle of it getting locked on friday and the first official answer coming on monday . 
  well , it was n't g2play , although i 've had unrelated problems with them before ( got a key that had already been activated , although it got fixed after a couple of mails being sent back and forth ), 
  it 's a russian site , but i 'd rather not post it here since it might get some people that are not paying attention buying from it accidentally . 
  i 'll pm you the name . 
  that being able to go to your nearest supermarket , buying a game there and not being able to use it because apparently you are in the wrong region is ridiculous . 
  ( i can tell you with 99 % certainty that the same thing would have happened if i had done that ), 
  i 'm not looking to waste my money on another copy , [ so hopefully this post from the 2k games thread convinces you that there 's no difference between buying a russian copy from a local store or online . 
  ] ( http://forums.2kgames.com/showthread.php?154876-x-com-is-region-locked-bl2-esque-saga-continues&amp;p=2190211#post2190211 ), 
  i 'm from a ghetto country that does n't have spotify yet , but if you could post that list as a screenshot or whatever that 'd be appreciated !, 
  yup , it 's her . 
  when i think of metal solos , i think of the ones in this song . 
  they 're not super complex or long , but they 're just awesome . 
  you should take it back to the store then , dude . 
  [ briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiicksquaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddd ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n8qc_bktre ), 
  ( any waka flocka flame song , basically . ),
