  i did n't see that anywhere in that article . 
  the article says something different :  airbus has proposed a so-called `` offset program '' that would source work on its helicopters in poland , but foreign minister witold waszczykowski has described that as `` leftovers '' and said those aircraft would mostly be built in france . 
  i do n't see that in the article . 
  i see this :  airbus has proposed a so-called `` offset program '' that would source work on its helicopters in poland , but foreign minister witold waszczykowski has described that as `` leftovers '' and said those aircraft would mostly be built in france . 
  the investment is in military equipment for the defense of your nation . 
  the jobs are a nice bonus . 
   same thing with airbus . 
  fair point , i must have missed that in the article . 
   there is really no advantage of lockheed over here . 
  with all due respect to france and airbus , do you think the polish are more interested in keeping france or the us happy when it comes to needing someone to back them up militarily if russia goes crazy ? 
  i know we are all part of nato but these are real things to consider , politically speaking . 
  except for the money paid to polish employees at those facilities . 
  the facilities are in poland which means the jobs are in poland . 
  sikorsky is owned by lockheed . 
  since they have facilities in poland they would be keeping some of the money in the polish economy via jobs . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder if that 's where he got it from or if it 's just a coincidence . 
   portuguese friend thought this 3.5 billion spend was ` more in europe than all ( or most ) european countries put together ' i guess that would depend not on what those nations ' entire nato budget is , but rather what they spend on these yearly equipment purchases , which is what this increase is for . 
  but i do n't know how easy it would be to find such information . 
  not if it means corbyn gets the job . 
  ^ i ^ have ^ no ^ idea ^ how ^ line ^ of ^ succession ^ works ^ for ^ uk ^ pm, 
  `` trust , but verify . '', 
  - ronald reagan, 
  so adding the equivalent of 6 % of the entire uk defense budget to yearly nato equipment purchases is ` sod all ' ? 
  are you 100 % sure ? 
  the last time the us did n't have a permanent military presence in europe the most devastating war mankind has ever seen broke out . 
  and that was just 20 years after the 2nd most devastating war the world has ever seen . 
  oh please . 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  if you do n't know that by now ... https://theintercept.com/2016/01/28/israeli-drone-feeds-hacked-by-british-and-american-intelligence/, 
  all true . 
  also , modern weapon systems are sophisticated pieces of technology that require years of r & d and testing . 
  and we ca n't build modern jets and tanks on a ` simple ' assembly line like we could in ww2 . 
  i would rather check the aggression immediately , when it is more easily contained . 
  nato , not europe . 
  i was imprecise . 
   but if it did happen , it would be an escalation what do you call the last few years ? 
  what is your point ? 
  i said i wish nato were not necessary and you respond with that ? 
  if anything it proves that nato is necessary . 
   so why lump all of europe into it in your original comment ? 
  fair enough , i meant nato countries only . 
  ok , cool . 
  i expect europe to notify the us that their help is no longer needed because rafxgsy says so . 
  i seriously wish this were true . 
  yep , i remember seeing that . 
   we should all just get along and colonize space . 
  sounds good to me . 
  now go and convince everyone else . 
  do you think putin would notify you if he decided to ? 
  if you think the russians will never attack europe then why have nato at all ? 
  it 's still billions of dollars . 
  most , if not all , of this is to shore up the baltic defenses . 
  you obviously ca n't expect their small economies to provide that kind of boost . 
  for example , estonia 's entire defense budget is less than $ 500 million per year . 
  i bet they appreciate that ` irrelevant ' boost . 
  how many european countries are quadrupling their procurement budget to help protect the tiny baltic countries this year ? 
  the article is referring to money spent on new equipment every year and does not include existing forces . 
  tl ; dr us secdef to europe : `` we got this . '', 
  this would not surprise me . 
  sort of a more subtle version of putin letting his dog run free around merkel despite her well-known fear of dogs . 
  i had no idea ... '' * snicker *, 
   look on american gerrymandering for example : both parties are `` designing '' vote results by creation of weird election regions , all legal . . e.g. 
  that 's nothing new . 
  we 've been doing that crap since the beginning . 
  federation = un starfleet = nato, 
  hard to compete with german exports when you use the same currency . 
   vietnam is paradoxically the most pro russian nation and the second most pro american nation in southeast asia anyone but china . 
   of course , a country can exist without military . 
  look at costa rica . 
  they can do that because they have been friends with the us since the 19th century . 
  trying to prevent any more _ exits . 
  curse those damn americans !, 
  yes , i 'm sure that 's it . 
  the point is the only enemy willing to attack is an irrational one . 
  rational ones have not because they fear war with the us . 
  because they are irrational religious fanatics . 
  those allies have n't had to invoke article 5 because any potential enemies know that means war with the us . 
  because some people confuse self-hate with sophistication . 
  so ww2 was worth it in the long run then ? 
  good to know . 
  yes . 
  sometimes it 's the little things in life than can deliver the most satisfaction . 
  this is not acceptable . 
  you can split hairs all you like and pretend you did n't make a fool of yourself all you want . 
  good day . 
  this is what i said :  it really is some fantastic logic . 
  `` we have had a recurring history of tyrants therefore we are immune from having a tyrant . '', 
  nailed it . 
  i do n't see the word ` fascism ' in there , but i do see the word ` tyrant ' . 
  tyrant ... like a dictator . 
  like you said here :  and napoleon was n't a fascist ( though yes , dictator ) . 
  so , again , learn to read . 
   the mainland is different countries , each with their individual fascist experience . 
  hence you get multiple people . 
  yeah , but the discussion was clearly about the difference between the anglosphere and continental europe . 
  sorry you apparently do n't have the intelligence ( or honesty ? ), 
  to realize the difference despite the fact the entire string is right there to refresh your memory . 
   oh , and napoleon does n't fit the series , completely different times and a special case ( because french revolution ) . 
  the french viceroy for the nazis you 're looking for is called vichy .
