  he was a mainland european tyrant that brought war and destruction to the continent . 
  it ` fits the series ' just fine . 
   oh yes now i remember there certainly is a european country without hands-on fascist experience and thus lacking societal safeguards , and it is the uk . 
  based on this comment by you the discussion is clearly about the difference between uk and the mainland of europe . 
  you * do * know that , * do n't * you ? 
   it would just be the us committing seppuku no offense , but you vastly overestimate the importance of europe relative to the rest of the globe . 
  this is 2016 , not 1916 . 
  napoleon , stalin , hitler , mussolini just off the top of my head . 
  it really is some fantastic logic . 
  `` we have had a recurring history of tyrants therefore we are immune from having a tyrant . '', 
  nailed it . 
  very interesting . 
  thanks again for the reply . 
  ah ok , thank you for the response . 
  is that specifically for pakistani immigrants or has it evolved over time to be a catch-all term for any immigrant ? 
  murican here . 
  i have heard something called the ` p ' word referenced in a couple stories like this since the brexit vote . 
  what is the ` p ' word , exactly ? 
  excellent work on project ridiculous six , agent sandler . 
  studies have shown everyone who watches it will lose 15 iq points . 
  soon russia will be ours !, 
  looked down upon ; dismissed as irrelevant . 
  we could still do all of that without being in europe though . 
   your actually not happy unless we declare ourselves defenceless without the us just is n't the case . 
  there you go again with that strawman . 
  edit :  now i know that 's all you can really get in american media you 've had ample opportunity thus far to provide a link to some ` real truth ' from a ` real ' source that i apparently ca n't get over here , but you have n't done so . 
  you just declare my point invalid because it does n't agree with yours [ without providing any sort of corroborating information or reasoning to back it up . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/11424238/britain-cannot-defend-itself-against-putins-military-might-top-brass-warn.html ) why ? 
  so , more deflection in a futile attempt to draw attention away from the obvious fact you ca n't back up your opinion with logic or expert opinions , then ? 
   and the raf i believe also gave air support in the form of lending hercules aircraft , however acting like is a 1 way street is ridiculous , us power projection capabilities requires foreign bases like the uk 's ascension island and diego garcia . 
  lending a hercules aircraft does n't mean you can handle russia though . 
  and the rest of that is irrelevant to the question of whether or not you can handle russia . 
  in fact i 'm not even sure why you keep trying to inject it into the conversation since i never said it was a 1-way street . 
  it 's a strawman , in other words . 
   i said the uk and france together are very formidable and i maintain that , you also seem to think alot higher of russian capabilities than most , russia had a highly defensive military . 
  have you ever been a us army chief of staff ? 
  [ because this one disagrees with your expert assessment . 
  ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/12/politics/russia-army-leader-dangerous-odierno/ ), 
   a counter argument could be to look how well the french handled themselves in mali ? 
  a poor argument , perhaps , since they needed the us to do the bulk of the transport and refueling for them . 
  i do n't see how anyone could look at that and then feel confident going against russia . 
   mainly the french and the uk the french and the uk could n't even handle their intervention in libya without needing us help . 
  yep . 
  it 's pretty much common practice to spy on everyone now . 
  bill clinton grew up poor . 
  then do n't buy it . 
  if he 's wrong about one thing then he is automatically wrong about that clip too ? 
  like yarmulkes ? 
  i 'll show myself out ... 
  more like a metaphor i think . 
  dear god that hair swap of obama and merkel is going to haunt my dreams . 
  very interesting . 
  thank you for that . 
   was she the crazy lady that started to cry on tv after she had to tune down destruction of sweden ? 
  wait ... what ? 
  probably because well-off people are less likely to stay over illegally . 
  because states have rights under the constitution . 
  it was never meant for highly populated states to rule over lightly populated rural states . 
  ( to be fair , it seemed loud in the room . ), 
  from an article about it . 
  lol . 
  you 're remarkably dense . 
  here , i will put it in plainer language so someone like you can more easily understand : scotland is getting ready to vote for independence for the second time because they are tired of heavily populated england being able to ram anything through parliament they want simply because they have a large population . 
  the us electoral college is designed to prevent a situation like this . 
  here , i will put it in plainer language so someone like you can more easily understand : scotland is getting ready to vote for independence for the second time because they are tired of heavily populated england being able to ram anything through parliament they want simply because they have a large population . 
  the us electoral college is designed to prevent a situation like this . 
   you somehow think scotland is an example of few people that rule over the majority . 
  i never said that - in fact i said the exact opposite . 
  you should really read more carefully - it will save you from future embarrassment . 
  here , i will put it in plainer language so someone like you can more easily understand : scotland is getting ready to vote for independence for the second time because they are tired of heavily populated england being able to ram anything through parliament they want simply because they have a large population . 
  the us electoral college is designed to prevent a situation like this . 
  i understand just fine . 
  you 're the one that ca n't fathom there are other valid opinions other than your own . 
  maybe it requires an iq above room temperature to fully grasp . 
   that is idiotic no it 's not . 
   a small amount of people should not be able to rule over a large amount of people . 
  tell that to scotland . 
   yes , but why is that bad ? 
  why should people who live in populous states get less representation ? 
  but you 're ok with smaller states being ignored ? 
  sounds hypocritical . 
  33 years is 33 years . 
  the fact you 're trying to make a stand with such a small piece of the conversation shows how little you really have to say . 
  yes it does , since some people will vote for the candidate that is more likely to let the states keep more power/rights . 
   it 's so the larger states do not overwhelm the smaller states . 
  otherwise no candidates would ever campaign in the smaller states and they would be ignored . 
  but if you 're rich , it 's good to have the government take some of your money for the poor , right ? 
  ... and yet she chose not to go there because she thought it was a guaranteed win . 
   close in some elections after '84 lol at the idea 33 years is n't ` solid ' . 
   and now those of us living in the rich and populous states not all of you . 
   yes , and you fail miserably no i have n't . 
   you do n't need to explain to europeans how your system works apparently i did since they were implying it was broken . 
   of course , going the other way leaves you in a situation like the uk just now , where scotland and northern ireland get shafted because england has far more people and can effortlessly outvote them ( and any other smaller parts of the uk , like gibraltar ) . 
  this is literally the reason the founders made the electoral college system . 
  no system is perfect and a compromise had to made . 
   `` states '' do not have rights . 
  yes they do . 
  my ideas are incorrect ? 
  all i 'm doing is trying to explain to people why the electoral college is set up like it is . 
   you are saying that political representation should depend on those lines .
