  the constitution says so because the people who wrote it were mistrustful of centralized power . 
   do you learn the phrase ` we are a republic , not a democracy . ', 
  somewhere ? 
  we learn it the first time we have to explain to europeans how our system works . 
  i used the word ` full ' instead of ` direct ' . 
  congrats , you have made the world a better place . 
  already addressed elsewhere , thank you . 
  also from the same source :  a republic is similar to a representative democracy except it has a written constitution of basic rights ** that protect the minority from being completely unrepresented or overridden by the majority . 
  ** in the case of the us the minority being protected ( referred to here ) is the small states . 
  so as you see there is an important distinction , as i have said all along . 
  http://www.diffen.com/difference/democracy_vs_republic frankly , if you do n't already know the difference then this whole conversation is pointless . 
  how is this relevant ? 
   resorting to semantics about it . 
  no , it 's just a matter of knowing the difference between a democratic republic and a full democracy . 
   wisconsin is n't in anyway a solid democratic state , this was the first republican win in wisconsin since 1984 . 
  hillary did n't go there once . 
   so in statesian logic small states vote 50/50 while the big ones are clearly skewed?yeah ... no idea how you got that from what i typed . 
   typical trumper ignorance.sad !, 
  i did n't vote for him . 
  but i guess you have to try to draw attention away from the fact i have proven you are ignorant . 
   when you suppress the democratic will of the people that way , it 's eventually inevitable . 
  trump : 62,984,825 clinton : 65,853,516 help !, 
  i 'm being suppressed !, 
   do n't say you were n't warned . 
  i will take that warning with the seriousness it deserves , oh internet wise man . 
  i ca n't be responsible for your ignorance . 
   the united states ( u.s. ) or america , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states, 
  will that give you pleasure if it happens ? 
   - your politicians do n't campaign in small states , they campaign in swing ones.no one cares what some deep red midwest state thinks unless they may swing hillary did n't campaign in smaller states like trump did and it cost her the election . 
  she did n't campaign once in wisconsin because it was historically democratic and they flipped for trump because he actually went there . 
  typical european ignorance . 
   - half of your population lives in smaller states , it 's completely possible to win a campaign only with them , nobody is gon na stop campaigning there you 're assuming everyone in those states would vote for one candidate , which is silly . 
  the reality is it will be closer to 50/50 as usual , which means they would have marginal overall value in a simple majority system . 
  no , i would be referring to the fact that hillary only won 20 states . 
   that is how it is supposed to work . 
  no it is not . 
  it 's so the larger states do not overwhelm the smaller states . 
  otherwise no candidates would ever campaign in the smaller states and they would be ignored . 
  no , i think i live in a republic made up of states , not a tyranny run a few heavily populated states . 
  and a minority of states . 
   i wonder how many greece economy problems posts i can find on that 's not the elephant . 
  most germans i 've interacted with do not believe the euro acts as an artificially low deutschmark . 
  it 's the elephant in the room . 
   you make it sound as if the government imports and exports the goods . 
  no , you did . 
   the us consumer market is big but how many products are produced in the us that you can only get from the us ? 
   also , how many products , services and resources are not found in the us and have to be imported ? 
  you act like we are never going to trade again . 
  lol . 
  i like conversations with people who know what they are talking about . 
  if i am talking about the size of global consumer markets and you bring up a tiny budget surplus then it is clear you do n't even know enough to stay on topic , much less to have a worthwhile conversation . 
  that 's on you . 
  for the record , you still have n't explained how germany would make up for the loss of access to more than 26 % of the global consumer market . 
  i do n't know if you are just unable to follow the conversation due to lack of knowledge or if you just change topics when you are stuck without a satisfactory reply to my original point . 
  no but clearly economics is for you . 
  still a drop in the bucket no matter what tortured terminology you use . 
  that 's your government budget , which has nothing to do with your markets . 
  it 's also a drop in the bucket . 
   ** as for the valid point ** , and as an american , your 12.5 % gdp exports rate is only lower than that of others because you used outcrossing as a modern form of colonization in asia , and if i 'm not mistaken , the dividends from the first such colonies in china , taiwan , korea and japan are more than anyone ever hopped they 'd be . 
  this has nothing to do with my point . 
  i 'm not a trumpet , but it 's interesting how eager you were to assign a label to me so you could argue against it while simultaneously ignoring my valid point . 
  is it wise to rely on the state media of a nation whose gdp is around 45 % exports to give a truly unbiased view on this topic ? 
  as long as you have the money for it . 
  i think this is what he is talking about . 
   that 's not how science works . 
  if your data does n't show what you claim it shows , then it does n't show that . 
  my data showed the us had better results than the ` about the same ' claim you made . 
   it judges care of the better part of us to wholes of other nations ( hence the `` us has 3 healthcares comment ) . 
  but the data for the us is not taken from just one of these ' 3 healthcares ' , so that does n't even make sense . 
  not when they removed fatal injuries . 
   the article that you cited ? 
  because life expectancy is a noisy stat , also ** affected by things such as accident and violent crime . 
  ** the article i provided had data that excluded fatal injuries - it showed the us had the highest life expectancy of the countries they studied . 
   and there 's ( for example ) considerable debate in the scientific community that 's fine , but debate does not equal proof . 
  i 'm not saying that the article does n't have a point to some extent but i do n't see enough to disregard the data in my article entirely as you seem to suggest . 
   there 's a lot more to outcomes than life expectancy yeah , who cares about that ? 
   lead time bias i see what the article is saying but does n't that just mean that the us system is more likely to detect the cancer earlier , which i believe gives the patient a better chance of survival ? 
  sounds like a good thing to me . 
   that pretty much the threw the whole article in the garbage can . 
  no it does n't . 
  the article is comparing private us healthcare to its european counterparts . 
  being privatized means people with more money have access to more healthcare choices . 
  this is just a natural characteristic of privatized healthcare , not a reason to disregard it without explanation . 
  the numbers still show this system had similar , if not better , results than many european countries in the time period indicated - especially the uk . 
   i 'm also a little skeptical about using data from 90s ( when healthcare was more affordable ) to prove a modern day point , especially considering obamacare was rolling out in full swing about this time . 
  i do n't think the current state of the nhs is something to glorify : http://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/nhs-calls-in-red-cross-volunteers-and-staff-amid-humanitarian-crisis-a3434901.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/nhs-latest-national-hangover-service-simon-stevens-chief-executive-new-years-eve-alcohol-booze-a7503061.html http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/nhs-uk-now-has-one-of-the-worst-healthcare-systems-in-the-developed-world-according-to-oecd-report-a6721401.html, 
   without actually getting better outcomes http://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2011/11/23/the-myth-of-americans-poor-life-expectancy/#a42db393b352, 
   two world wars , a destroyed continent and 100 million dead people sure changed that . 
  or , as adam tooze argues in * the deluge * , those world wars and the rise of fascism and communism were in part a reaction to the rise of the first super-state on the other side of the atlantic . 
  hitler even wrote in his second book written before ww2 that a main reason germany needed to carve out their lebensraum in the east was to have the resource and market base necessary to compete with the us in what he saw as an inevitable future ` war between continents ' . 
  [ second from the bottom , first page of a google search . 
  ] ( https://www.jstor.org/stable/25119234?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents ) from germany in 1902 . 
   there sure was n't a lot of american influence in world affairs . 
  tell that to the spanish . 
  and look up the term ` the american peril ' that was popular in europe at the turn of the century . 
  no , seriously , the us was the biggest economy in the world by 1900 . 
  we were the top dog , economically speaking , before ww1 . 
  welcome to [ the bubble . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkob-kmogpi ), 
  i think of all of the media 's fuck ups this election cycle , this might be the most absurd .
