nah not really . 
  pretty quiet around here . 
  anyways do n't worry about another uprising . 
  one of the main purposes of the eu was and is to maintain peace between the nations that fought for millenia , and it 's doing a pretty good job so far . 
   they can sink alone . 
  with wales , you mean right ? 
  feel bad for them though, 
  i always liked that way of doing it , seems simple enough and mexico would be a great eu member . 
  same with india of course http://i.imgur.com/rphbwdx.jpg, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles seems like that 's the common definition though . 
  i mean it 's up to you whether you actually call great britain and ireland isles by themselves inside that definition , but they are definitely part of the british isles . 
  but all the small islands around the british island would get lonely ... but yeah ireland should stay in europe . 
  with northern ireland and scotland of course, 
   p.s europe needed us 70 years ago thanks to the antics of germany and austria . 
  this is n't 70 years ago anymore though, 
  good point , i was mainly thinking about the smaller islands around britain , but there 's really no reason to throw out ireland, 
  nah switzerland , norway and russia will be assimilated as soon as we have the eu army, 
  that really does n't excuse it tho . 
  at the very least you should know how the flags of the countries that you make a statistic of , look like . 
  it 's not even like they 're very similar . 
  quiet the bumpy history, 
  holy s. . 
  as soon as we have an eu army , it 'll go with ease . . 
  i 'd argue it does n't . 
  what the hell is `` attempted pedophilia '' supposed to be ? 
  i think you are using words that you do n't know the meaning of, 
  yes there is a clause like that , however if there were really that many bystanders that did n't do anything , i 'd argue that 's void . 
  omnission of assistance is a crime in my country , and i doubt i 'd be able to not do something anyways . 
  no , i 'm for latin , esperanto , or proto-indo-european . 
  wiener philharmoniker is all you need !, 
  someone eli5 what the main differences are ? 
  ikr those americ . . ohwait wrong thread, 
  turkey really should n't comment, 
  so even after the election is over you americans tell sanders supporters `` you better support hillary or else . . trump will come and get you '' . 
  what kind of democracy is that ? 
  hillary and the dnc admitted to working against sanders together , thats what the wikileaks leaks said and thats what the dnc apologized for . 
  how could you possibly accept someone as corrupt as that in a political position ? 
  just because the other big option is equally bad or worse doesnt make it any more acceptable . 
  you americans dont seem to understand that sometimes neither the first nor second option are acceptable . 
  you cant just elect someone who is known to be corrupt and has been proved to be , and be done with it and say oh well at least we didnt get the other one . 
  the usa and their election system are a disgrace to the concept of democracy and should be expelled from any international union until we can figure out what the hell is going on . 
  the best kind of nazis !, 
  ikr austria is so accurate, 
  oh wait this is / r/europe ? 
  when you do n't follow the law , you have to expect to be treated like a criminal . 
  and when you do n't even think that the laws of any country apply to you , you should n't be surprised when no country wants to have you . 
  your pennies are n't worth a cent !!, 
  the wrath of those megalomaniac emperors knows no bounds . 
  hey psh wales , wan na have some independence ? 
  your rude colonial kids, 
  yet usamericans seem to be pretty much the only ones thinking that way . 
  yeesh i guess they got it right and everyone else is just wrong . 
  yeah i 'll have the big spicy one with extra cheese, 
  and i 'm glad it does n't . 
  i mean they do n't even get their second amendment right either . 
  they only seem to be able to cite half of it . 
  the force ... 
  / r/shitamericanssay is leaking, 
  i say we redo the thing until those 3 idiots get it right too, 
   accidently yo kids , i got this idea for a little prank , wan na help me ? 
   not even for self-defence ? 
  self-defence is a human right . 
  self-defence is not a human right . 
  `` everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person . '', 
  could be interpreted to mean you are allowed to defend your life , however as soon as you start harming others , it 's not just about your defense anymore . 
  so instead of carrying around guns for self defense maybe people should try shields . 
  anyways , it does n't seem like the human rights see it that way , and i certainly do n't think either that you should be allowed to harm others more than absolutely necessary when you are in danger , and a gun seems to always cross that line by far . 
   shooting a toy gun is nothing like shooting an actual firearm . 
  those toy guns could be made to be more like the real thing , weigth wise and stuff . 
  they just should n't have the capability to harm a human  to me it sounds like you wouldnt trust yourself with a firearm so you apply that to everyone else . 
  i certainly would trust myself with firearms , especially since i usually have very good aim , so that should be true for guns too . 
  also i 'm batman , that 's why i do n't like guns  maybe you have some suppressed urges or fantasies about killing people fantasies ? 
  well yes , but certainly not with guns . 
  i doubt i 'd ever kill someone, 
  i only need anime anyways, 
  no , but if every legal gun was removed , every illegal gun would stand out much more , and they 'd be easier to seize . 
   i disagree with you on ( 1 ) i do not believe that a person should have the capability to take someone elses life as easily as they can with a gun . 
  not even for self defence , and i have thought about that issue for years and am unlikely to suddenly change my opinion on this . 
  - if that was the reason why you disagree with 1 . 
   ( 2 ) is for recreation , not for cheaply producing meat . 
  i did n't think about producting meat , but more keeping population in check . 
  but as for hunting for fun we do n't even need to talk about guns to consider banning that . 
  there have been heated debates going on by animal rights protectors that hunting should be illegal , if it 's not done directly for personal food consumption . 
  and i 'd agree with that . 
   but as for ( 3 ) , i do n't think that many people would consider it the same thing their goal is to hit a target with a projectile , and they lose interest in the sport because their equipment does n't have the capability to harm humans anymore ? 
  i 'd be wondering about the intentions of a person who thinks that way . 
  what possible uses could a gun have ? 
  1 ) harming humans 2 ) hunting animals for wildlife control 3 ) shooting at targets for sport other than that nothing comes to my mind . 
  and the 2nd can be done more efficiently , the 3rd can be done with ( realistic ) toy guns too , and the 1st should only be available to soldiers . 
  or can you think of other use cases ? 
  yes , but i think it would greatly dimish the number of guns, 
  if the whole eu would stop producing any weapons not directly intended for the hypothetical eu army , and would start destroying any guns and similar weapons they find inside the eu , you can bet the likelyhood of that happening again will hit the ground . 
  that way nobodys property has to be searched , and nothing has to be changed about borders . 
   short of banning guns well . . 
  i 'm aware that he could n't have gotten the gun via legal means , but if the laws were stricter it would get harder to get one illegally too . 
  apparently not strict enough . 
  also it might 've been possible for him to get the weapons from a eu country with lighter laws , so even more reason to ensure there is an europe wide standard . 
  nah i 'm fine with austria paying a bit more for it . 
  the people here do n't appreciate what the eu does for them , so they might as well pay a little more . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken the newspapers have been raving about how every eu country 's economy is getting better .
