  . . should n't mean that the church should n't be controlled by the state, 
  was n't that obama ? 
  right now i 'm eating scrambled eggs and bread, 
  i was talking mostly about europe . 
  i 'm well aware that the usamericans have problems with christianity . 
  i hate all religions , with little difference between islam and christianity , and want them all to be gone . 
  so i doubt i 'm biased when i say christianity seems to be less of a problem than islam as of now . 
   it is hard to blame the surgeon in this , though . 
  nah not really . 
  if christians were still doing those things we 'd certainly hate them for it . 
  the difference is that christianity got mitigated over the centuries and can be accepted in modern society now . 
  some other religions did n't go through that process . 
  and swastikas and the hand raising gesture ... 
  australia is like a post apocalyptic wasteland ... i guess they already tried the french nukes, 
  which i 'm not in favour of, 
  but according to the results there are already tons of erdogan supporters in wien ... 
  progress, 
  do n't judge, 
  not sure if i should hope they are paid very little , or very much ... 
  it 's almost like there should be laws against voting about what happens in countries you do n't live in, 
  eu army time now ? 
  those people do n't see themselves as people of the countries they live in, 
  well austria got bigger i see and we got some beach again . . just on the other side of europe ... 
  i remember having to learn all the us states for a test , the horror . . not sure how many i could still name on a map, 
  all hail eu, 
   ... says a man from the state , which prohibits abortions . 
  maybe he 's actively trying to make it legal ? 
  you would n't know, 
  they can have my taste buds , but i 'll still take their life, 
  rent a table for two , and i 'll show myself out with you, 
  if i have to cut the throat of the stuff i eat at mc donalds myself , so be it . 
  i came to eat , not to care, 
  i 'm sure it 's possible , but without nato the eu would have to get things done fast , which would make them work more efficiently . 
  i mean nato is n't much more than eu ( plus/minus a few european countries ) , plus canada , plus usa ( which while would definitely help in case of war , is in questionable position right now ) and turkey ( which i 'd more classify as an enemy of europe than a defender as of now ) . 
   oboslete  latvia checks out, 
  if we 're gon na make it go down , we 're gon na make it go down good !, 
  which is why you have to silence them before you ask them something . . 
  i always got told krampus would come and get me if i was bad . 
  i really wanted to meet him once , never did ... 
  well first we need to get back to our sea ... hungary !!, 
  except another austrian maybe ... 
  i do n't know about you , but if the european union breaks apart , there 's nothing holding us austrians back anymore . 
  a.e.i.o.u. !!, 
   all i can do is report people and attend marches/protests . 
  i mean that kind of is way more than your european counterparts here do to be fair . 
  no , i prefer to deal in absolutes - that gives the equations nicer results . 
  and as you said you can only prove one side , not the other . 
  working with uncertainity should be avoided . 
  then it 's a settled case , is n't it ? 
  we austrians really let ourselves go , but do n't worry we 'll fix this soon enough and get our coasts back . 
  germany , italy , hungary , you in ? 
  besides , apart from austria there are n't actually any other countries and borders anyways , after all it 's still a.e.i.o.u. 
  at the end of the day . 
  as a kid i always tried to be bad ( which i always sucked at because i was too nice ) so i could get to meet the krampus ... i never did, 
  not sure about you , but i 'd like it to cover at least three to four continents . 
  the federation of europe, 
  i 'd read that comic, 
  did they succeed ? 
  you know , with explaining it ? 
  i 'm not that active on / r/austria but / r/de is awesome . 
  if i had to choose something simple , yet very enjoyable , even tho its not really a joke per se , i 'd say : \u00dc \u00d6 \u00c4 go figure out what those mean , 
  the most obvious one that comes mind is that men have mandatory military service or civil service if they opt out . 
  if a country has one or more national languages , then it 's citizens should be able to speak at lost one of them . 
  i 've never seen an air conditioner in a home , and in the rare cases wheni see them in public , like in some office room , they 're always just annoying and i feel like i 'm getting sick from them . 
  the more the better , i would n't want anyone to leave . 
  but right now i 'd be in favour of kicking out the uk , just so we 're done with them . 
  hopefully they 'll rejoin as full members sometimes later . 
  force you say ? 
  pssht i think they might be onto us, 
  it might be an unusual way to look at it ( similar to communism - every job has the same value ) , but i do n't see how that statement is n't true . 
  to add to your other reply : maybe they did n't do it as a job , but it was a job regardless . 
  and yes ofc you ca n't compare ww2 and todays soldiers , but this thread is n't soley about ww2 . 
  and even if we did for whatever reason make an exception for ww2 and call the soldiers from that time heroes , what about the soldiers from today , when would such an exception be appropriate again ? 
  as soon as someone is forced , for whatever reason , to do a job he 's a hero ? 
  soldiers and wars should not be celebrated , and the only way they need to be remembered is with history books , not holidays . 
  everyone gives their life doing their job . 
  some earlier some later . 
  people do their job everyday . 
  why is the job of soldiers so much more memorable ? 
  do n't see why soldiers need to be remembered and celebrated . 
  i would n't call it a `` plan '' but our national motto is/was a.e.i.o.u. 
  from experience i can say for sure that mine is one of them, 
  i say we rename every city inside europe to europa , and every state and every country , in every language . 
  that makes everything a lot easier . 
  i do not know how to make esperanto simpler/better , without losing it 's character , because it 's already established . 
  though that does n't mean i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  i have a few concepts and ideas for my own conlang . 
  if i ever get to actually write it down and work on it , i 'm sure it would end up simpler than esperanto . 
  i did read it . 
  i simply do n't agree with it . 
   it could be made simpler , but it would be impractical for more complex thoughts i disagree . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible to make a much simpler language while keeping it practical and nice for writing stories . 
  a city called europa !, 
  i 'd love to live there . 
  they 're gon na need it engineers there , wo n't they ? 
  i 'd like to learn it when i get the time to do . 
  but from what i know about it , it 's not simple enough . 
  i think a language should have to be a lot simpler to be able to be a truly universal language thats easy to learn . 
  `` the venus project '', 
  never heard of them/that before,
