  so i think we 'll be able to handle funding the improvement of another country . 
  guns are dangerous and are used for nothing else but killing and harming people . 
  just an hour ago a thread about the school shooting in france got made , and guess what , he had guns . 
  if nobody but soldiers would have access to them , a 17 year old wouldnt be able to get ahold of them either . 
  and about your motorcycle point . 
  i think civilians also shouldnt drive motorized vehicles because it has the potential for too much damage . 
  meanwhile public transport is great and only becomes better . 
  i say let them vote now , and if they get independence offer them a huge welcome fund as soon as they join the eu, 
   in the belgian case , however , the court failed to protect religious liberty and minority rights by permitting discrimination under the guise of neutrality . 
  remember kids , telling your employees to not wear religious symbols at work is ** discrimination ** you can definitely taste the * american * in that sentence, 
  and that 's why i hope the eu will push harder to ensure that civilians do n't get access to guns, 
   10 videogames that will turn your kid into a mass murderer !!!, 
  dunno , i always get a tingling sensation when i see those videos . 
  thought that may not be related to the content, 
  would n't it then make more sense to mail bomb their own finance people ? 
  so non-eu countries shouldnt stick together with eu countries or what 's your point ? 
  i 'm curious , what do you greeks need to defend yourself from so badly ? 
  i would 've thought the wildlife population in europe is quiet under control after centuries of hunting , so wild animals should n't be a problem . 
  are you afraid that one of the non-eu countries will attack you ? 
  maybe it 'd be better to invest in the eu army idea now , then you might feel safer . 
  i guess i 'd too feel weird if erdogan was at my doorstep . 
   european countries have very restricted carry laws . 
  and i do n't see privately owned guns serving any purpose . 
  just because the laws are already very restrictive , does n't mean it ca n't be increased . 
   what your country wants or does n't want , does n't concern me . 
  maybe you did n't notice , but this is the european sub , and we stick together and do n't leave countries behind on purpose . 
  so either deal with it or take your country and move to some other continent . 
  fucking nazis right there !!!, 
  as someone who frequents certain porn sites , i may or may not be able to confirm that there are tons of videos of turks getting caught in the act with non-human partners . 
  i assume it was made sure that she is under medical supervision now , right ? 
   \u00d6gren i see the turks are into that shrek meme thing, 
   defending perverts the number of pedophiles , hebephiles and ephebophiles alike that commit illegal acts is very low , and i 'm sure none of them choose to be attracted to who they are attracted , just like you do n't choose whether you like males or females . 
  also what 's your definition of the term pervert anyways ? 
  i like to watch porn , am i now a pervert too to you ? 
  talk about terms that have a fine dictionary definition but are thrown around by some people like fillers . 
  it 's really fascinating that someone is able to put so much hate on the definition of a word . 
  do you get panic attacks everytime you see a dictionary ? 
  how do you cope with that ? 
   this might help you . 
  ahh yep linking to a troll video , that will win this discussion in your favour !, 
  you sure showed everyone, 
  many child rapists raped their victims just because they wanted sex and children are easy to rape , or because they liked the thrill of it , not all of them were attracted to the children . 
  you must hate dictionaries, 
  most 11-12 year olds are in puberty already tho , so it 's not pedohpilia but hebephilia . 
  i 'm interested in your username, 
  i see our opinions differ on that, 
  revolutions do n't have to be violent, 
  i 'm sure an eu army could help you with that problem, 
  how so ? 
  if that was a reference to hitler , did n't hitler lighten up the gun laws or am i mistaken ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  last time i checked , those were tools, 
  i would definitely care if my employee could n't seperate his religion from his work, 
  only soldiers need lethal weapons, 
  siberia can into eu ? 
  well thats just you . 
  i on the other hand think this is going great !, 
  shut up and let us love you !, 
  with headquaters in new york, 
  the fact that it 's been number one for the last eight years haha, 
  * argues how austria is actually the heir of the roman empire because of habsburg and stuff *, 
  i 'd check that out, 
   do they check your ass if a dick ever inside it ? 
  so no anal for women either, 
  well mexico and india joined the eu anyways , so thats ok, 
   he sounded 100 % like a brit dunno if that necessarily means he was good at it, 
  haha suck it germany < 3, 
  weeee, 
  should n't someone call the police on people who say stuff like that on social media ? 
  after all they 're endangering others, 
  wait , they are n't already ? 
   mess with one , you mess with all of us eu !, 
  germanic \u00fcber alles !, 
  flair checks out, 
  we can go into my basement . 
  it 's gon na be quieter down there, 
  but muh free speenach !!, 
  i ca n't make up alternative facts ? 
  wut is dis injustize ? 
  also ask each of the questions in the language of the countries the presidents come from, 
  let 's clap at three , ok ? 
  one two three edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i was just trying to be nice and celebrate ;(, 
  if i 'm not mistaken / u/mightierthanthou is quiet the star over there by now, 
  `` i 'm glad i do n't hold that power '' he could 've done great things , like setting this important issue right . 
  but nooo, 
  you can join us too, 
  when the nsa spies on people from other countries they usually do n't give them citizenship and free money, 
   sharp so are the swords we use to fight against those fleischpflanzerl heathens !, 
  my body is ready i wanted to move to germany anyways, 
  thank you for your service o7o7o7o7, 
  someone of called ? 
  me can being of help, 
  or you know , maybe we europeans just really hate you full-of-yourself-usamericans, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  as an austrian i can confirm this . 
  wherever you go , you have someone smoking next to you . 
  one of the reasons why i might move to germany, 
  well at least nothing about an island ... 
  we did it !,
