  if they 're breed for the specific purpose of being eaten , and not just taken out of their natural habitat and killed which might endanger the existance of the species , then yes . 
  i was raised catholic and grew up to despise the idea of deities and religion in general . 
  thanks to education and access to scientific resources i do n't believe in any gods and think it 's extremely unlikely for them to exist . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to outlaw meat from specific species . 
  it does n't happen around here , and i do n't want it to happen around here . 
  fake friendlyness is creepy as hell and really awkward . 
  today someone at the tram stop talked to me . 
  they asked where they could `` entwert '' their ticket . 
  i gave them an answer , then we both got into the tram as soon as it arrived , sat down , and got up as soon as i was at my destination . 
  that 's it , and that 's as much as i want it to be . 
  the austrian guy knows whats up a.e.i.o.u. 
  well if we seperate between `` made in the usa '' and `` owned by a company in the usa '' then there probably is n't that much that 's been made in the usa , here in europe . 
  i dont think theres much apart from electronics . 
  but american companies oftentimes buy european companies , especially when it comes to food , so if you count that , theres that . 
  remove it !, 
  ahhh a typical brit !, 
  in vienna you 're gon na get run over for that by a biker , rightfully so, 
  ... which is why we put them on their own continent . 
  * growls in the background *, 
  austria : no matter what happens and how unimportant we seem , at the end of the day it 's still a.e.i.o.u. 
  so why bother ? 
  ( no particular reason ), 
  it 's not much of a thing here . 
  and i think that noone should be bullied for any reason , though on the other side everyone should be pressured into taking care of their health , after all we do n't have socialized health care so that a few can wreck their bodies and drag down the rest of society . 
  i lost 50 pounds are you trying to piss off both the metric ** and ** imperial system users ? 
  ketchup is only allowed on schnitzels if they are inside a bread roll, 
  too bad i 'm on the wrong side of the country and only have the one to two meter deep swamp puddle on the hungarian border ... 
  personally i am not sure how to feel about the name aladdin . 
  because i always forget the second `` d '' in it  aladin looks fine to me too , why ca n't that be more of a thing ;( other than that , aladdin is an awesome name , i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  always go full habsburg !, 
  we had a lot of beach once ... 
  and do n't you dare trying to run away ... 
  quiet a few everyday , both in the city and the rural region . 
  niqabs , not so often , maybe once every two or three days , but i do n't usually look at people a lot , so it might be more common . 
  when i was living and going to school on the countryside , and before the migrant crisis - very very rarely now that i am going to school/work in vienna i see black people every day , and i also regularly see black people in my rural region now , though they seem to be exclusively refugees . 
  my little ~ 5000 people town recently celebrated its 750th birthday, 
  wrong !, 
   personally i have little trouble beeing gay in austria , but then again i probably would n't tell you about my boyfriend if i do n't feel obigated to do so . 
  how did you meet your boyfriend ? 
  and how did you come out to others before you were together with him ? 
  that kind of seems to be a problem to me , while being lgbt is n't a big deal anymore to many people and they are tolerated except in some communities , it seems pretty much impossible to actually meet others since both you and they are expected to keep somewhat quiet about it . 
  especially as someone who ( while usually not trying very hard to fit in with norms and stuff ) does n't really stand out as lgbt , there does n't seem to be any way to let others find out that i am , without placing myself as a possible target for very anti-lgbt communities . 
  that was the idea behind it :d, 
  yeah , it 's usually not too hard to evade those people :d, 
  well i 've never done drugs in my life , and i do n't even drink energy drinks soo  but i can definitely confirm the low self esteem , not sure if that is necessairly related though . 
  a few years ago the german/austrian news were full of studies and articles about teachers grading their students differently based on their names . 
  kevin being at the very bottom , . . and martin doing pretty well ( guess what my best friends name was ) . 
  of course it 's unknown how much students are actually affected by their names , but i remember the grades in our class and our names lining up pretty well with the statistics . 
  while i do have to listen to a ( more or less ) funny ( or at least the first time you hear it ) comment once in a while , i do n't feel terribly affected by it . 
  it only becomes a real pain to deal with people when they start invalidating anything you say because of your name . 
  though of course you always wonder if your grades would 've been different if you had a different name . 
  huh ? 
  while i think the legal situation is n't bad , i ca n't say the same about the society . 
  i would not feel comfortable letting people know about my sexuality , though maybe that 's mostly because of my former bad experiences . 
  to me it seems that it 's not the typical old people that are against it , they actually seem to be rather in favour of it , but the younger generations ( not just teens , adults too ) of eastern european ( especially former yugoslavia ) and turkish immigrants ( even those who are second or third generation already ) . 
  their sentiment seems to go from you 're disgusting and should n't be allowed to do that , over you should die if you do that , to something that feels like a percieved duty to call out everyone who is doing something they do n't approve of , no matter how unrelated they are to that person . 
  i do n't believe that i would be in real danger if i made a facebook profile and stated my sexuality on it , and started saying my opinion when discussions about sexuality or dating or stuff like that were to come up with people i know . 
  however from all the experiences i ever had with people and their opinions about lgbt people , i can say for sure that i do n't feel like taking my chances either , and i certainly feel like i 've been bullied enough as to not actively put effort into giving other people more reasons to hate me . 
  sidenote : it seems to me that austria has an incredibly small amount of lgbt people , or only very few are willing to come out . 
  nobody would ever come out to their classmates like you hear about people doing it in america , or the uk , or germany . 
  of all the people i ever met in my life ( private , all the schools , work , etc ) i only know about one person who is gay , and that once was one of my former classmates . 
  i found him on a gaycontacts site a few months ago , and we both admitted to each other that we had slight suspicions about the other one not being straight . 
  but none of us would 've ever said anything , because we were afraid of the whole school finding out if it turned out the other one was n't actually lgbt . 
  he even told me he once had come out in his former school before , but had very bad experiences , so he did n't want that to get repeated in the current school at that time . 
  oh and a friend of mine once told me he once knew someone who was gay , does that one count too ? 
  jokes aside . 
  i do think it is possible to have a good life as an lgbt person in my country , however you appear to need to be really lucky with the environments you land in . 
  no idea what you 're talking about ^ / s, 
  if it was up to me the eu should annex russia anyways , so i 'm fine with whatever, 
   central location ikr ? 
  right in the heart of europe . 
  why is n't everyone forming one giant nation around vienna ? 
  it 'd be great . 
  first all of middle europe , then all of europe and then we take on the rest of the world . .  nice city just got 1st place for highest living standard of all cities worldwide for the 8th year in succession, 
  everyone can join , as long as vienna is the capital, 
   you do n't want hungary well yes i do , austro-hungaria does n't work without the other half . 
  also the habsburger empire would be nice with hungary  gro\u00dfdeutschland really needs a better name tho , like greater austria , or austrian empire , or viennese weltreich , or not-so-holy not-roman european empire ? 
  germa . . wait . . hm how about hungary ? 
  make austria great again ? 
  do n't worry , we 'll get switzerland to be part of the eu , one way or another . . maybe we could repurpose them to museums and earn some money ? 
  now that 's a name i have n't heard in a long time ... 
  and if you call the sauce `` tunke '' prepare to be publicly executed, 
  some of the best water worldwide . 
  you bet we drink it !, 
  lol thx for the head cinema of you sitting at the table choking on your food whilst there is a window next to you where we see zombies murdering everyone . . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  they switched with mexico, 
  so you know which country you 're in , duh, 
  age of consent here is 14 , but if you want to have sex with people who are in a position of authority above you ( eg teacher ) , you have to be 18 . 
  buuuuu, 
  . . and that day i just knew shit was n't right , the moment when i went to the toilet . . 
  i think it should definitely need the approval of 2 or 3 independent lawyers ( including ones that check the financial situation of the person ) , and doctors from different fields that make sure the patients claims are valid and they are mentally stable . 
   `` death to america , death to america , death to america '' totally relateable , i also caught myself a few times doing that . 
  nothing out of ordinary here , people would just give you a weird look . 
  generally i 'm very much against the concept . 
  however i am in favor of allowing it for the forseeable future under strong regulation . 
  b-b-but their skincolour !!!!, 
  true , the damn hungarians should 've stayed with us !, 
  feeling old yet ? 
  we do n't talk about that ...
