   mlp i was confused for a second about why it 's relevant that the french would n't vote for my little pony ... 
  america ? 
  funny , you arent by any chance related to that former colony , are you ? 
  too kind good sir, 
  wasnt it also the french who tried to metricize the clock and then stopped halfway ? 
  and a great europe can annihilate and conquer !!, 
  peace = great = victory, 
  the universal declaration of human rights : article 12 no one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation . 
  everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks . 
  that seems pretty clear to me and is in effect in every country on earth . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're genuinely asking , or if you do n't believe that companies spy on people . 
  if it 's the former , while hardware backdoors ( bios , intel-me ) are still possible , you do n't have to worry about any of the microsoft backdoors anymore . 
  if it 's the later , the snowden leaks have made it perfectly clear that governments and companies alike put people under constant surveillance . 
  that is not some topic that 's up for discussion anymore . 
  protonmail is definitely a good choice . 
  i also heard lavabit is trying to make a comeback , just something to keep in mind . 
  if you 're more adventurous you could look into hosting it yourself . 
  should n't be too difficult since you 're already familiar with linux . 
  i thought privacy was a human right and not up to some country ? 
  oh well anyways , i propose all the spy agencies of all countries in the eu to work together to create a database that contains every detail of every single usamerican . 
  said database should be available to every eu citizen , given that our taxes fund this project . 
  they obviously seem like a threat to us , given how easily the deny us basic human rights , so they should be treated accordingly and watched carefully . 
  might actually be true , not sure, 
  exactly , you are allowed to cover your head if : it 's for your safety ( eg helmets and masks under helmets ) it 's for your health , against the weather ( eg snow masks ) you have a reasonable reason to stay anonym ( eg part of a special operations unit , part of a protest that might put you in an uncomfortable position , etc ) other than that , if you hide your face in public in an unfitting situation ( eg not a snow storm , protest , etc ) you are assumed to be a criminal and should expect to be treated like that by onlookers or vigilants . 
  10/10 would have sex, 
   male me !, 
  uh oh make ? 
  not me , i have no idea how those religious people work, 
  did n't the uk put roadblocks in front of the eu since it joined ? 
  it 's not only the indian food that 's spicy, 
  you keep losing in linux ? 
   for non-eu-nationals wait , i thought we 'd let india join the eu now ? 
  just like we did with mexico, 
   religion is a private matter like your genitals now that i think about it ... how about a website where people can show off their religions , kinda like cam4 for religious people ? 
  that may or may not be an attempt to get all the religious people on the internet to one website so they stop bothering the rest, 
  gib back s\u00fcdtirol pls and we will start using your fancy ass fountains, 
  while we 're at it , can we make austria great again ? 
  gib s\u00fcdtirol back pls, 
  the alps took their toll on us i see, 
   stupid facts , logic and reasoning nobody needs them !!, 
  nobody needs them, 
  suvs should be made illegal ... 
  as someone who is part of a sexual minority , i vote for whoever promises to make sure to keep religion in check ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  and while right wingers in europe usually are christians , christianity has already been dealt with over the past few centuries and does n't pose much of a threat . 
  on the other side those right wingers are against people who are n't capable of knowing where their personal religious freedom ends ( as can be perfectly seen with public polls that clearly show muslims value their religion more that their countrys laws , or polls about their acceptance of homosexuals , or other things ) . 
  so this really should n't surprise anyone . 
  now i do n't just randomly go around asking people this , but : i ca n't remember ever having a european christian tell me that they value their religion more than their countrys laws , and likewise i ca n't remember ever hearing a muslim tell me that they do n't value their religion more than their country . 
  as long as they do n't know their limits , i do n't feel safe around them . 
  and its gon na be one hell of a step !, 
  heck they dont even have articles or grammatical cases like in german and you dont have to remember which words to capitalise and which not to, 
  tremendously for sure, 
  it just has about the highest number of nerve ends in the whole penis . 
  no big deal, 
  give back south tirol plox - austria, 
  austria really needs those ... 
  i think you might be on the wrong continent, 
  my point was that you seem very american, 
   first amendment and freedom are you sure you are n't american ? 
  i 'd say something like that should be done un-wide, 
   is unsafer a proper word ? 
  i 'm unsafe about that . 
   who would have thought a german guy could be funny ? 
  germans can actually be very funny , it 's just that the rest of the world usually does n't get their humor, 
  german scientists best scientists, 
  i say we let them in !, 
  as part of ireland , independently , or otherwise, 
  personally i believe all the politicians who are in charge of brexit on the uk side , are just waiting for their death or a good chance to end their political career , so they do n't have to deal with this anymore . 
  but we did n't conquer in the name of africa, 
  i thought we just gave it up because it was too much of a hassle to keep, 
   there is still some franz left in us tell him to pull out, 
  yet here in austria we need coins to unlock carts in the supermarkets , taxis and kebap booths never even have card terminals and while almost everyone has a debit card , both credit and prepaid cards are quiet rare . . did n't some countries already start to stop `` printing '' small coins ? , austria always feels so backwards . . 
  i think the question is wrong , it should be more like : would you dislike you childs partner if they were ___ ? 
  right now the question asks about whether you would `` feel comfortable '' . 
  i 've oftentimes heard people say they 'd be worried about either or both their child and their childs partner if they were in a relationship like that , because they might face discrimination or similar . 
  well yeah i 'm sure society would look a lot different, 
   you ca n't ban trucks , you ca n't ban knives , you ca n't ban airplanes , you ca n't ban all flamables or all substance that can be used to produce explosives . 
  you can remove all motorized vehicles and automate all transport systems , you can redesign food and meals so that knives are n't needed anymore , you can take away the control in airplanes from humans , you certainly can ban all those substances or at least the overwhelming majority . 
   or you can try to ban them but it would paralyze the whole society . 
  if society would be crippled by that then maybe the problem lies with society . 
   dangerous things or weapons are not the problem , dangerous people are the problem and dangerous people will always find something what can be used to harm other citizens . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible to create a society where it 's impossible to harm others , with the technology we have today . 
  it 's just that most people do n't seem to want it because they are inconvenienced by it . 
   why , when there are objects not designed to harm other citizens which are almost equally effective in killing people as weapons and you ca n't ban them ? 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's just that up until now noone tried . 
   almost anything can be used when you prepare attack , only weapons are effective , if you need to defend yourself . 
  yet it 's usually the things that are designed for killing that are used for killing . 
  citizens should n't be able to own objects designed to harm other citizens . 
   nobody is even remotely suggesting that option . 
  * lowers hand *, 
  you are underestimating the germans desire to get to work . 
  so does that mean + + + ; ? 
  hey !, 
  i get pretty passionate about my terrorism !, 
  all criminals that are nationals of an eu country should have the right to stay inside the eu . 
   merkel is the very same type of politician like hrc though . 
  has merkel ever used her gender as a reason to vote for her ? 
   i reuse the small bags for plastic trash later anyway . 
  using it once more is n't exactly very efficient reusing . 
  just take a backpack or cloth bag with you .
