  look up the countless cases of people getting unrightfully jailed for years and see how judges decided . 
  i get the feeling you are under the impression that your country does n't do stuff like that . 
  when in reality the usa is known for locking away people for decades just to go back and say they 're innocent and pay them a few millions . 
  as long as afterwards the error will be corrected , yes . 
  just because some content wrongfully gets removed , it can still be restored later . 
  you got it the wrong way around , people get jailed for a short time all the time because that 's how we catch criminals . 
  just because someone is jailed whilst an ongoing investigation it does n't mean they have to stay in jail forever . 
  it 's the internet that 's not following this norm , not the other way around , and i 'm very much in favour of correcting that . 
  i 'd prefer to have legal content wrongfully removed than illegal content wrongfully stay online . 
  that part is europe , the rest isnt :p, 
  moooooddddssss !!!, 
  mistakes have happened, 
  / u/enaisiaion the x in their expresso stands for extreme, 
  well if it was up to me i 'd remove all physical cash . 
  i 'm just trying to please the medieval peasantry here, 
  because coins are heavier than bills . 
  so it 's better to carry a bunch of bills than coins, 
  50 cent for a coffee ?!, 
  that must be one small coffee . . 
  either you give 5 coins , or you give 1 and get 5 . not so bad eh ? 
  and how often do you pay for only 50 cent ? 
  pff fine then even simpler : 0,1 $ coin 1 $ bill 5 $ bill 20 $ bill 100 $ bill, 
  something habsburgarian maybe ? 
  i think we still got one living somewhere , maybe we can get him to be our king . . i 'd be for europa tho , that 's simple and fits . 
  and you do n't have to remember a new name, 
  historic stains !!, 
  i think we should just have 0,01 $ coin ( which should be used as rarely as possible ) 0,1 $ coin 1 $ coin ( or bill , not sure ) 10 $ bill 100 $ bill life would be so easy, 
  we are just taking our elections very seriously . 
  oh look , glue !, 
  this brings me in anschluss stimmung !, 
  any germans here ? 
   not to try pulling this off during winter that 's the thing . 
  nobody would expect you to try this stuff in winter anymore ... 
  a.e.i.o.u. !!, 
  in what language should it be ? 
  german ? 
  and poland and germany and italy and switzerland and france and spain and sweden and russia and ... 
  that 's very telling , is n't it ? 
  so uh , wan na merge again ? 
  they can both join austria , then they 'll be united again, 
  and we all know what happens when the germans get riled up . 
  united europe here we come - federated or not !, 
  do people really consider her attractive ? 
  i think this post is more about the prices ( and the calories ... ), 
  who expects to be protected and by whom ? 
  true , not as good as putins tho, 
  good , the audacity that some religious people have when it comes to following simple laws , like not covering your face in public , is astonishing . 
  even more amazing is the fact that it seemed to work fine until now , but somehow some religious people suddenly think they are up for exceptions . 
  countries really should n't have to make already existing laws clearer and even more obvious for people that are too ignorant to understand simple words . 
   why ? 
  because it 's illegal to cover your face in public in austria . 
  that 's why . 
  this is n't about loving or hating it , you simply are not allowed to cover your face in public . 
  that 's a very simple law that has been in effect for a while , so why should some religious people be suddenly excluded from following the law ? 
  this is n't a matter of integration but public security . 
  the law clearly states that everyones face has to be visible in public , but recently some religious people feel like they do n't have to abide by those laws . 
  no , you ca n't wear anything that makes your face not visible . 
  except in certain situations like motorcycle helmet when driving a motorcycle , etc. 
  everybody in austria has to keep their face visible in public , somehow nobody complained about it `` violating a person 's bodily autonomy '' until now . 
  it 's illegal to cover your face in public here in austria , so yeah they kinda did . 
  a nuclear energy thread that 's not hating on anything that 's not nuclear and praises the atom as our lord and saviour ? 
  what website am i on again ? 
  anyways , nice to see our neighbours voting for the same thing we did a few years back . 
  i hope the eu ( and countries that work together with the eu , like switzerland ) will invest more into wind , water and solar energy . 
  actually we trained the boar , in order to voice our anger at the brits for brexit . 
  did you drop the / s ? 
  you know that 's not how it works , right ? 
  you do n't have to pay 40 % as soon as you make x amount , you have to pay xxx % for everything below x and for everything thats left above x you have to pay 40 % , etc, 
   and the bible says it feels like you 're assuming that everyone who is against islam is by default in favour of christianity . 
  exactly thats the best part , if things turn sour for merkel we just go further to the left, 
  `` strong german woman '', 
  no no no ** you ** join us !, 
  remember kids , companies are people, 
  not according to the eu . 
  so we have 1 countrys opinion against that of 27 ( ? ), 
  others . 
  and the eu supersedes irelands authority in this regard . 
  but i can do it again any time !, 
  england flair checks out, 
  do n't worry , at the end of the day it 's still a.e.i.o.u. 
  for us !, 
  * b\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4hd, 
  hail to the king, 
  got someone better ? 
  before you said :  most illegal ( modern ) guns around in europe are fully automatic leftovers from the yugoslav war , not semi automatic sporting rifles then i said all civilian guns including those should be removed now you say :  it would have 0 impact on criminals and terrorists since they dont use effected guns to begin with decide yourself, 
  i dont get your point . 
  if all civilian guns including those are removed , im sure it will be a lot harder for anyone to get guns in ( to ) europe . 
  usually not , however i 'm pretty sure the weapons they use were at some point considered legal . 
  those guns dont just pop into existance inside of europe . 
  good , i 'm in favour of making sure civilians do n't have the ability to harm other civilians . 
  sometimes voting for an interesting outcome is more fullfilling than voting for your favourite candidate . 
  which is why i was close to voting for hofer in the second round even though i voted van der bellen in the first . 
  europa looks so beautiful, 
  * painter, 
  i wouldnt be so certain , you never know what he tweets, 
  i 'd say germans know what a nazi is, 
  do n't know which news you were watching , but it was always pretty clear that trump was going to win against hillary , because people ca n't stand her . 
  if churches are n't contrlled by states , we get back to medieval europe, 
  `` call men '' ? 
  oh `` tall men '' ...
