   but people now just take 3 or 4 of the small plastic bags meant for fruits and vegetables and just stick all of their groceries in them after checkout . 
  those are the worst . 
  i wish the ( wo ) man at the cash register would just tell them they ca n't do that an they have to bring the bags back and come back later ... and charge an extra fee for having used those bags . . 
  mhm tasty, 
  nobody 's talking about war , they can just surrender . 
  i hope that one day every nation will be part of the eu , whatever it will be then . 
  mad requires both participants to care about the possible aftermath, 
  what do you mean with `` bits of '' ? 
  * everyone will be made welcome whether they like it or not !, 
  we 'll just split up russia and give the parts to the other eu members , that 'll get them to happily agree . 
  who 's talking about giving them or anyone else a choice about it ? 
  as soon as we have the eu army we just go into russia and do the colonial thing again . . 
   russians , serbs , swiss , norwegians , etc aka future eu members, 
   it does n't matter what you or me think about them . 
  as a free and democratic society , it 's none of our business . 
  yes , that would be correct if both of us would agree that democratic decisions are a good thing and everyone should be allowed to think and say whatever they want . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think citizens of a country should support the political parties of another country , especially not more than their own . 
  i 'm very much against this . 
  / r/europe should be the subreddit for everything regarding the european union . 
  one is a german political party , and one is not . 
  they do n't remove human rights , since you ca n't remove human rights . 
  they do n't have their right refuge disallowed since the right to refuge is protected . 
  but they do not get the right to refuge , because they , by definition , are not refugees to me ( and many other people i 'd guess ) . 
  to be a refugee you actually have to want to get a better life and not take your bad environment with you . 
  also if you ca n't hold a discussion without `` namecalling '' , you should n't be surprised if noone takes you seriously . 
  i 've definitely reached my daily limit of people using my name to claim themselves as superior in a discussion , so i wo n't continue this . 
   but again , allowing refugees with legitimate claims in is the right thing to do . 
  yes , exactly . 
  refugees with leditimate claims . 
  after you 've mutilated someone i ( and many others ) do n't see your claim as legitimate anymore . 
  i hold the human rights above everything else , but it 's not a tool useable to get protection from whatever country you demand it . 
  or maybe europeans just really dislike mutilation, 
  * w\u00f6rk, 
  if you are responsible for mutilating someone - yeah i kinda do n't want you in my country . 
  nice !, 
  obviously there will be lots of problems , but the thought of having that many humans on earth just gives me ecstasy . 
  it 's been cold , windy and rainy all summer here in austria . . 
  if the yugoslavians down there are anything like the ones here in austria , then i do n't think the lgbt people will be comfortable there - so they should be accepted as refugees for all i care . 
  you could always just ban all kinds of possessions . . 
   i 'm sure there are gay businessmen who travel to countries where it 's banned . 
  yes , and if anyone finds out they 're gay ( after all it 's not unusual to have social media that displays your sexual orientation ) then you 're in trouble . 
  they did wake up early and put their towel down - very early the previous day, 
  given that in both oman and iran living out my sexuality would be illegal and in both albania and bosnia the majority thinks that i should n't have the same rights as other people , i would n't exactly describe them as `` perfectly safe '' . 
  which ones ? 
  why the fuck do some people even have a problem with others reservating sunbeds ? 
  as long as they do n't invade in the winter . . 
  #unify all the european military equipment !, 
  sounds like we need some strong ( wo ) man to take control of the eu and get stuff done !, 
  well good thing i have two hands . . 
  who am i supposed to masturbate ? 
  myself or them ? 
  which is why we need the eu to subsidize it . 
  * since lgbt pride got banned in turkey , the gays have to go to desperate lengths to achieve public visibility . 
  just sit on top of their legs, 
  i 'm sure our would be even higher if we were n't just a trickle down market for the german amazon . 
  getting everything 1-2 days later , having some ( sometimes even prime products ) not getting delivered to your country ... did n't the eu rule that services ca n't seperate based on geolocation ? 
  companies should be forced to offer their services and products equally to all eu member nations . 
  maybe the eu could even ensure that the postal fees from country to country are exactly the same as long as it 's inside the eu . 
  that makes me quiet angry . 
  can i riot now too ? 
  pretty sure that one is gender neutral, 
  many of us would welcome them back , that does n't mean we wo n't go for the chance of getting rid of them now so they finally loose their unfair advantages and exemptions inside the eu . 
  makes sense . 
  but at least the also brought kebap , right ? 
  next day on reddit : tifu by accidentally becoming king of sweden , ups lmao !, 
  why the / s ? 
  i 'm pretty sure thats how it works, 
  it 's really shitty, 
   but i am nerd girl with boobs . 
  you better have pics to prove that !, 
  ohhh thats good to know . 
  yeah i usually use slide for reddit so i ca n't see it and when i 'm on desktop i probably just did n't notice it ( or at least not think about it ), 
  where/how can you see those upvote statistics ? 
  i 've always wondered ... 
  ca n't people also be singular for a group or persons ? 
  like an ethnic group , or the sum of persons from a ertain area, 
  well they should be used to the depressed attitude, 
  it became a mainstream thing on reddit since the spongebob meme tho, 
  whenever i see people writing in that spongebob mockery font , it feels like a totallynotrobot had a seizure, 
  i was already there a while ago . 
  really nice , i just wish they 'd finally put all the viennese museums together so you can visit them all at once . . that 'd be a lot more efficient . 
  that 's a weird way to talk about the scots, 
  what if you 're extremely good ? 
  what makes you think i missed the reference ? 
  but i hate art :( at least the modern stuff that 's called art nowadays . . 
  i mean i was bullied and my idea of an utopia looks quiet authoritarian , soo . . if that 's your idea of a shitty person then i guess i am, 
  my reply was sarcastic in case that was n't obvious enough . 
  the few lgbt people i personally know do n't want anyone to know about them being lgbt because they know they 'll have disadvantages from it . 
  i only know about them being lgbt because i found them on gay dating sites , and messaged them afterwards . 
  one of them told me they even suspected me not being straight when we went to school together , but was too afraid to say anything because they had enough bad experiences before . 
  that 's myself included btw . 
  i do n't hide who i am , but i would n't be willing to publically display myself as lgbt like with a facebook profile that says gay , or a tshirt that got a pride flag , or going to a pride march , or holding hands with another guy in public , or something like that . 
  i have yet to meet anyone lgbt in person that did n't regret coming out , and until then i 'd prefer to keep it to myself and stay safe . 
  damit you got us, 
  all lies . 
  just a while ago i had people tell me we lgbt guys had it so awesome here in europe . 
  no idea why the few gay people i know are all too afraid of coming out , they must be racist or something, 
  religion is tied to skin colour for you ? 
  you might be a little racist .
