   seriously people , downvote someone for asking a question ? 
  i 'd guess you 're getting downvoted because by now people expect others to know about chechnyas religion , given how much they were in the news lately and caused controversy . 
  it 's not like they 're a random piece of land that noone ever heard of . 
  do n't worry , this time we 're doing it right , for real !, 
  it 's 1939 all over again, 
  yes , the dlc is called brexit, 
  but if it were , we 'd win , right ? 
  when an area that was part of the main game becomes part of a dlc later on . . 
  how tolerant of you, 
  nice, 
  whether you 're ready or not ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  * inhales excessively *, 
  fun is only allowed in fun-zones at fun-times for people with fun-permits given out by the spa\u00dff\u00f6rderungsgesetzinstitutverwaltungsb\u00fcrosekretariat, 
  an eu army would be the only army i would n't hate too much having to serve in . 
  this is so going to end in a firework of peace and acceptance . . 
  it 's not something `` hypothetical '' and they do n't need to say human rights either , because human rights always apply to well humans , whether you mention them or not . 
   except you predicated your causal on a recognition of a human right for murderers to live . 
  yeah but that 's neither because they said something about a law , not because they said something about human rights . 
  it was because what they said would be against human rights . 
  nobody is calling some law a human right . 
  the person i replied to said they would n't save someone who wants them dead , from death , and i pointed out that human rights ( as in the human right to live ) are n't affected by how you feel about the person . 
  that 's why human rights do n't care what people think, 
  no , they go full christian, 
  air conditioning does n't solve sexism at least not all the time, 
  well you know ... it 's a dick . . 
  i do n't know the question but the answer is european union !, 
  so peaceful , i like it !, 
  how the fuck does that have to do with my nationality ? 
  chivalry belongs to the middle ages , i really hope we do n't have anyone who values `` honour , '' , and if you think i have no manners , because i think it 's ridiculous to seperate people when they 're shitting , then i wonder what kind of manners you have . 
  so because men and women do n't want to see/hear each other doing it , it 's ok ? 
  i have n't heard about a guy who feels comfortable shitting with other guys , same for women . 
  so i do n't see how your argument grabs hold , since it 's nor a gender issue but universal . 
  why woman tho ? 
  because it 's the gender you 're attracted to ? 
  why ? 
  that 's bullshit , a unisex bathroom should be accessible to all , but one gender should n't have to put up with less efficiency because another gender could n't make use of it . 
  a real unisex bathroom has toilets and urinals . 
  so you feel the need to protect one gender whilst feeling like another one does n't need that protection ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's sexism . 
  pretty sure all intersex people have a legitimate medical condition . 
  i could n't think of any case where that would n't be the case, 
  you 're a disgusting human if all you can say about human rights violations is `` why should i care ? '', 
  nice , i never understood what 's the point of seperating bathrooms, 
  the eu disaster force , that 's where i want my taxes to go to, 
  yes , however you already could n't cover your face before in public , so that 's not something new . 
  this ban is n't just about islamic clothing though , even tho the independent likes to portrait it as such . 
  it makes it illegal for anyone regardless of religion to cover their face . 
  that 's of course another way to think about it . 
  but as long as they let themselves get arrested easily they do n't bother me too much . 
  i 'm just glad we did n't have any real attacks like in france , germany or britain . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  but thinking that there are no terrorists in austria would be ridiculous , and assuming that all those arrests were made without evidence is n't much less ridiculous . 
  so i see this statistic as something positive . 
  sure , but having no attacks is where my attention lies, 
  0 attacks 34 arrests austria doing it right, 
  i 'm really surprised by how popular this event was . 
  either it was all just foreigners coming to vienna to celebrate , or all the lgbtq people just go back to hiding after it 's over , because i have n't been able to find any of that gay acceptance in this country . 
  then why is it currently in the hands of the usa ? 
  pretty sure the ban here in austria is n't about islamic face coverings , but anything that covers your face in public , just like it 's always been . 
  but maybe the reddit experst can clear me up on this . 
  that too , but my main point was that there are probably many more in other countries , police just is n't as good at tracking those down . 
  this does n't mean that most jihadists are in/from france , it just means that france is the best in arresting them . 
  in that case we 'll crush the kids too, 
  death, 
  not if it 's routed via a network like tor, 
  except if you use proxies and stuff, 
  probably quiet similar to what religious people imagine when thinking about hell, 
  do n't worry hungary , you 'll always belong to us austrians - well or germans according to this pic, 
  protest votes are the best kind of votes . 
  the undesired can get their favoured outcome without having to actually work against their opponents . 
  how about an eu regulation that makes sure parents do n't cut off pieces of their children ? 
  does n't matter tho . 
  someone who was sexually abused at home might still love their parents , yet you would n't think twice about removing them from their parents . 
  i wish i 'd get 3g or 2g on my train ride between my town and vienna . . 
  he was clearly voting for the bigger dick of the them . 
  or maybe it 's literally ... should 've let the candidates do a schwanzvergleich and the winner takes the dick vote . 
  you ca n't spell austrias slogan without e though . 
  poland was missing the `` e from a.e.i.o.u. 
  would you mind taking an austrian guy ? 
  maybe we should only take the immigrants that do n't shoot people, 
  \\ + / u/angryteabag / i am aware of that but i think it 's besides my point . 
  when compared with the magnitudes that this continent got safer thanks to the eu , after millenia of war , it dwarfs the relation between the safety of individual countries before joining the eu compared to it 's safety after joining the eu . 
  one would expect such a huge peace project to make bigger waves . 
  i find it quiet funny that the eu was able bring peace to a whole continent , yet at the same time we fail to bring peace to the individual countries in it . 
   rock against isis so we 're stoning them or what ? 
   for example , lidl germany offers mattresses and blankets starting today , and will swap that to clothes on tuesday . 
  damn lidl shills need to advertise everywhere , do n't they ??!!!, 
  good question !, 
  i say we let austria annex them !, 
  the neutral country attacking the neutral country ? 
  noone could come and interfere/help, 
   it 's the degree must be a high degree , cause they 're hot, 
  liking a post on the internet is like standing next to someone and loudly saying yep i support what this guy thinks sharing a post on the internet is like going to your friends and telling them to listen to what that other guy has to say so if what a person says is illegal already , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to say the same about those who like and share it . 
  after all it 's not much different from standing next to someone who shouts nazi propaganda , racist slurs , etc and you shout that you support what he says . 
  ikr the smoking situation here is ridiculous, 
  just ca n't have my fun ... :(, 
  i swear if i ever get to political power i 'll make this happen, 
  no reference , i was just abbreviating :d, 
  i still fail to see what your point is by threatening with the similarity to something that is standard in most countries , because it 's simply seen as necessary to jail people temporarily in order to enforce justice . 
  i 'm not sure what 's your point .
