for all the people who look at this news . 
  it is very easy to pile all of the blame on the dutch troops in srebrenica at the time . 
  little is ever said over the fighting condition of dutchbat , the lack of support from their french counterparts and the absolutely hopeless situation that they faced . 
  i do n't blame them in the slightest for their actions . 
  it is very easy for a person who has never faced a similar situation to say , `` you knew what you were signing up for , you should have fought for them until the last bullet '' . 
  admirable as that may be it would have cost each and every one of those soldiers their lives as well as the people they were charged with protecting . 
  the `` hero '' label they would have received in the media would be rather moot to the family members of those soldiers . 
  the mothers of srebrenica would n't be the only ones looking for answers . 
  the insurmountable majority of you that say you would have stayed are barefaced liars . 
  are people seriously even considering this ? 
  this is some of the most moronic crap i 've seen on reddit in a long time . 
  just because you can do something does not mean you should do it . 
  putting controversial cartoons in a school textbook has absolutely no benefit whatsoever . 
  what educational benefit will it provide ? 
  how will you deal with alienating students ? 
  it 's disrespectful and obnoxious simply for the sake of being obnoxious . 
  the united kingdom ( england specifically ) but yes , i would like to think that the nations relations are closer than ever . 
  regardless of what we say about each we are so culturally and ideologically linked at this stage that we will always have each others back . 
  also , irish perspective here by the way . 
  i presume he means in their actions and not their intentions . 
  it 's in the u.s. 's interest to see the eu thrive but not in russia 's interest . 
  that does not mean that the means the u.s. use to further that interest is any better than the means russia uses . 
  on an international level my opinion of both countries is quite negative despite the u.s. being beneficial for my country . 
  i think this genuinely depends on where you live . 
  for example , you live in eastern germany , a region which was for quite some time under heavy soviet influence . 
  now forgive me if this is gross generalization but i presume this influence has manifested itself in a more positive outlook on russia than those not under their influence ? 
  in my country people are generally skeptical of acts and not nations in general . 
  the us has committed some absolute atrocities both recently and in history , but so has russia . 
  in fact i am willing to bet that there is not a single country out there that has some sort of atrocity hiding in the closet . 
  i simply judge a country by its acts and if they are wrong then i shall criticize that country . 
  i wo n't whitewash and pretend that its not that bad simply because that country is an ally in geopolitical terms . 
  hue hue * argh ... cough cough ... * ... ... ... hue, 
  hmmm , the netherlands must have some grade a population control planned if it can keep it 's population almost the exact same for the next ~ 35 years . 
  ireland is quite surprising . 
  absolutely crazy to think it might end up taking 2-3 centuries to get back to pre-famine population levels of ~ 8 million . 
  it might attract looks though . 
  i remember a couple of years during the big freeze in 2010 or so that i had to walk to the shop because skiing over the backroads in the car was dangerous as hell . 
  i took my balaclava with me and a few people even commented that it was a good idea when i got to the shop . 
  now whenever i hear of someone using the `` security '' argument i just back to that time and laugh . 
  it 's a ridiculous argument . 
  and i agree with you . 
  we should n't be telling people what to wear . 
  some people feel uneasy about gay people acting on their feelings in public . 
  if i 'm intimidated by a flamboyantly gay person in public who 's fault is that going to be made out as ? 
  now if i 'm intimidated by a person covering their face in public , who 's fault is that going to be made out as ? 
  see the double standards here ? 
  it 's blatant islam hating . 
  jesus christ , i ca n't believe people have begun thinking a hijab now equates to radical islam . 
  the average redditor probably would n't even be able to point out a hijab if they saw one ... hint : it 's not the same as a burqa . 
  i have a close connection with both country 's . 
  i picked that one quite a long time ago and do n't plan on changing it . 
  i 'm sure they do . 
  i personally really really do n't care . 
  i think it would be nice if the island could someday reunite into one country but that 's just wishful thinking . 
  it is 100 % for the people who live in northern ireland to decide for themselves . 
  i think my flag ( republic of ireland ) is pretty good . 
  nothing flashy or fancy and is reasonably unique . 
  so while i would be open to the possibility i think whoever proposes a change would have to provide a very good case for changing . 
  at this moment i do n't see any benefits to changing and i can see a few downsides . 
  edit : whoops , i misread and assumed the person changing the flag was actually within my country . 
  i would certainly be pretty hesitant to change my country 's flag for someone else unless they could give some exceptionally compelling reasons . 
  do you mean the republic of ireland ? 
  i really do n't see how that 's for us to decide . 
  you should decide for yourself what you want your flag to be . 
  well erdogan , if that 's what you want then you can rightly go and fuck yourself . 
  i think that 's about as far as the article gets . 
  it does n't really go into details beyond `` dutch '' and `` not dutch '' . 
  i find the argument of `` religious freedom or belief '' quite an interesting one . 
  i agree with the concept of religious freedom , that you are allowed to practice a religion and have religious beliefs freely and openly , but at the same time i would consider conduct like this to be in exceptionally poor taste considering the particular circumstances . 
  but , while it might be in poor taste i think we should definitely stop short of forcing the man to shake hands . 
  an important question then is does the netherlands confer citizenship based on jus sanguinis or jus soli ? 
  i was under the impression that it was jus soli , and if that is indeed the case then all of the `` dutch '' people in the article would have had to have at least one dutch parent . 
  and it is indeed an interesting point to note that the netherlands is an exceptionally proficient english speaking country . 
  quite often attempts by foreigners to speak some dutch will simply be met by a good standard of english instead . 
  so all that being said , i do n't think there is anything exceptionally alarming about this article but i am certain many will take it the wrong way and interpret it differently . 
  before any bigots jump into this space , this figure of 2 million includes `` everyone '' . 
  that means every person of every description , both native dutch and complete foreigner . 
  and of that figure 55 % of them are apparently dutch , so then 45 % of them are foreign . 
  again , foreign could mean ex-pats , professionals , or other immigrants such as refugees . 
  what i honestly consider most shocking in this is that there seem to be approximately 1-1 .2 million dutch people in the netherlands who ca n't pass the simplest dutch language test . 
  that seems to me to be the real tragedy here . 
  i 'm not sure how to feel about this but i 'll give my own anecdotal story . 
  i was educated in rural western ireland , by all accounts an exceptionally religious place . 
  when i went to primary ( elementary ? ), 
  school there was a practice of saying prayers before the start of school , at the end of school , and when we went for lunchbreak . 
  my parents , being not religious objected to this `` forcing faith '' onto children of other religions . 
  and i must say it caused quite the debacle . 
  meetings were called , some not so happy people had plenty to say , and my parents were fuming . 
  it would be justified to deny me citizenship on those grounds ? 
  because i have n't `` integrated '' enough and refused to participate in such things ? 
  i can see what the law is in switzerland and that is for them to decide ... . . but i still find it quite harsh in this situation . 
  i consider their conduct boorish and uncivilized , but what 's that threshold where we suddenly begin vilifying them ? 
  what 's `` progress '' in this regard ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but you seem to making reference to the mass migration of refugees and islam to europe here ? 
  i wo n't pass comment on the quality of the people themselves but that religion and some of the things that come with it are n't are n't all good and dandy . 
  well thank god you are n't making that decision then . 
  there is so much wrong with your comment i 'm shocked no-one else has called it for the crap that it is . 
  a significant amount of these people are 2nd-3rd-4th generation belgian nationals or regional nationals . 
  even if you managed to crawl through the litany of legal issues , you ca n't deport them to anywhere . 
  deport them on what grounds ?
