  you may disagree , but then you are perfectly able and entitled to given how multi-faceted this issue is . 
  look , we all get you feel very high and mighty about what they should have done , but colonel karremans ultimately made the right decision 100 % as fighting would have undoubtedly resulted in the slaughter of the troops as well as the civilians . 
  it 's very easy to sit here and judge those who have to make absolutely horrific decisions in the most awful of circumstances but i bet many people would the exact same if it meant they bring all of their troops home ... and i do n't blame them one bit . 
   that 's just every british person with certain academic background . 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  seems very presumptuous of you . 
  been living in ireland my entire life , happened to be born in the netherlands . 
  should probably change it though . 
  is that because many other schools are also oversubscribed so in many instances parents are simply having to go to exceptional lengths to try and get their kids into a school at all ? 
  like , i know there have been reports of those schools becoming more popular but the reasons for it mostly were n't given at the time . 
  my suspicion is that these schools appear more popular only in a vacuum and when compared with the overall schooling system in ireland , they 're not actually doing as well as we would like to think . 
  i mean , technically galway is in the gaeltacht but it 's a genuine rarity to hear it being spoken . 
  i stop and look for whoever is speaking it kind of rare . 
   nationalist party whip david agius protested in parliament : `` from now on , you can not call your parents ` mum ' or ` dad ' because it is not in the law . 
  will we be celebrating `` person who gave birth today '' instead of mothers day ? '', 
  just thought i 'd throw out the full excerpt . 
  but yeah , holy crap . 
  sorry if your rights do n't extend to the persecution of others and/or the occupying of a superior position to them anymore ... . what a shame right ... . . 
  now , i 'm not from germany and that site is a bit strange but ... what 's going on germany ? 
  you are always better than this i thought ? 
   i do expect to see a resurgence in the language over the next 10-20 years . 
  there is a demand for the language in both public sector employment and just the general desire to keep it alive . 
  i 'm not so sure to be honest , more and more people are growing up and being raised in an absolutely awful education system that simply does n't teach irish well . 
  combined with the practical uselessness of the language for about 80-90 % of the population , i really really do n't see it ever making a comeback . 
  i live in the west of ireland like and it 's genuinely strange to hear irish being spoken on the street . 
  none of my friends or family can hold a strong conversation in irish either . 
   many people living `` paycheck to paycheck '' can simply change their lifestyle . 
  what an outrageous copout that is . 
  poor people should stop being poor is basically what you are saying , ignoring that so many things in the system are stacked so incredibly heavily against poor people . 
   please explain your experiences so i can understand how you think this . 
  i have seen firsthand how the staff in social security departments treat people who need to avail of social security like absolute scum . 
  even the tsa were better people than those working in the ssd . 
  i also witnessed on a few occasions work colleagues and acquaintances talk about homeless people as if they deserved to be killed , and on one occasion i actually witnessed an acquaintance verbally abuse and threaten a homeless person . 
  serious disdain towards homeless people was extraordinarily common unlike any other place i had ever been . 
  ah yes , is that why so many people in the u.s. are living paycheck to paycheck ? 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/29/heres-how-many-americans-are-living-paycheck-to-paycheck.html having worked in the us and in europe , it is a very cut-throat country where everyone is constantly trying to `` get ahead '' . 
  if you 're poor or down on your luck in the u.s. , you are worth absolutely nothing in the eyes of many people . 
  hell no . 
  those who can be identified as legitimate asylum seekers deserving of protection can be let in as far as i am concerned subject to a upper cap for each eu state depending on that states economic ability to handle that quantity of refugees and scaled for population to prevent them from being overwhelmed . 
   presenting the report , oecd secretary-general angel gurria said international efforts were needed to address `` negative perceptions '' about migration , `` which are often rooted in a misconception of the benefit that migrants can bring to recipient countries . '', 
  the benefits which are brought to recipient countries typically comes in the way of an educated workforce . 
  allowing masses of poorly educated and non-native language speakers into a country will be a massive short term drain and provide questionable long term benefits . 
  throwing in the risks of segregation , ghettoization , and other issues like radicalization and terror attacks makes the prospect even less appealing . 
  others can feel free to demonstrate the positive aspects of such migration if they wish but i am not so sure . 
  it 's uncertain but if push comes to shove they might not give in . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tampa_affair pretty high-profile affair involving migrants and australia . 
  loaded ship outside australian waters in a similar situation but a deal was eventually hammered out to bring them to an island in the middle of nowhere . 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  are you saying the graph included in the post is intended to reduce the significant of radical muslim terror ? 
  personally i do n't think it does so . 
  to me it demonstrates that despite muslims being a serious minority throughout the eu , they still contribute an incredibly disproportionate amount of terrorist attacks to that tally . 
  or maybe i 'm just completely understanding what you are saying wrong . 
  apologies if so . 
  just a few things : terrorist attacks in this graph are made up of the total number of failed , foiled or completed attacks . 
  this does not mean there actually were 142 terrorist attacks perpetrated in the eu during 2016 . 
  it does n't appear to define what a `` terrorist attack '' is but defines `` terrorist offences '' as  terrorist offences are intentional acts which , given their nature or context , may seriously damage a country or an international organisation when committed with the aim of : seriously intimidating a population , or unduly compelling a government or international organisation to perform or abstain from performing an act , or seriously destabilising or destroying the fundamental political , constitutional , economic or social structures of a country or an international organisation . 
  pretty broad as you can see . 
  other than that the numbers do appear to be correct . 
   tourism is sadly the only way we have to employ large bags of low-skilled people that got spilled out of the construction sector after the housing bubble , but we should reduce its weight in the economy , because it is destroying lots of beautiful places and , personally , i 'm not getting very good impression of the people that comes here ... 
  i definitely do n't blame you with this . 
  tourism is nice for a variety of reasons but excessive tourism can choke a town , city or region . 
  some areas of spain , largely along the south coast , have seen some detrimental impacts of this excess in the form of horrific planning and rampant anti-social behaviour by foreign tourists . 
  if providing service to a particular group of people can have an identifiable and adverse effect on the functioning of that business , for reasons which are not the businesses fault whatsoever , then i do not see anything objectionable about refusing service to that group . 
  why should the business take loses and suffer harm to its reputation for the actions of those people ? 
  perhaps it could . 
  i would n't be familiar with the rules and regulations concerning who a business may refuse to provide service to . 
  but if this is proving to be a semi-regular occurrence , and it puts an even marginal strain on the finances of these individuals or companies , then in my eyes it would be perfectly reasonable to refuse service to british tourists for exactly those reasons . 
  this is n't some anti-british rant either . 
  i would apply the same reasoning to all groups . 
   two years ago the hotel , popular in thomson and first choice brochures , had just a couple of complaints for gastroenteritis ( aka spanish tummy ) . 
  but last year miguel was hit by around 200 claims alleging food poisoning . 
  every single one was from a british holidaymaker , with not a single complaint coming from the germans or the dutch . 
  none of the brits complained to the hotel at the time ; all the claims were lodged by uk claims management companies once the holiday-makers returned home . 
  that sounds a bit fishy . 
  if you suddenly have a significant amount of claims , and almost all of those claims are from british tourists , and they wo n't even mention it to the hotel instead going around their back straight to claim management companies , then i 'm inclined to think the hoteliers are being scammed . 
  i hate this crap . 
  it gives all others from that country a bad name for the actions of a scummy few . 
   but he warned that some individual hotels might decide to close their doors to british visitors . 
  `` there 's no ban whatsoever , but there is the risk that some individuals who ca n't come to an agreement with the tour operators may say , ` look , if you ca n't guarantee that i wo n't have to pay out for false claims , then i ca n't sell to the british . ''' if they can justify this by pointing to regular fraudulent activities on the part of british tourist , then fair enough . 
  that seem to be reasonable , albeit unfortunate , to me . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  some will be far more amenable than others . 
  i do n't think any will be overly opposed or unreasonable , but some really do n't care and will likely go with whatever benefits them most . 
  it 's a bit messy but this only the beginning . 
  hopefully more details will be hammered out as time goes on . 
  i 'd think the same . 
  it 'd be a bit strange to break off the entire deal if only a few did n't agree . 
  but at the same time ... . who knows , there 's been plenty of crazyness so far and there will probably be more to come by the time it 's all over . 
   to save the west , we must revolt and cut the elderly loose . 
  we must seize their pensions and deny them their healthcare . 
  we must reallocate these resources to produce native offspring . 
  well , that seems like a fairly reasonable thing to do . 
  my only concern is the contingent on reciprocal treatment part . 
  does that mean that every eu country has to treat uk citizens the exact same ? 
  what if most of them except for something like poland or portugal says no dice ? 
  will that mean the deal is off in its entirety . 
  it 'll be interesting to see . 
  could well be a different experience . 
  i grew up in galway and i was the only other than uk foreign person living for literally miles and miles around . 
  this was in the 90 's mind you .
