  unfortunately they seem to be regressing at a dizzying rate as of late . 
  particularly in relation to freedom of expression , with erdogan cracking down hard on people who say negative things about him . 
  i 'd be pretty fed up too if i was treated the way some countries in europe are treating refugees . 
  in ireland for example ... asylum seekers are not allowed to work in any capacity whatsoever . 
  besides `` accommodation '' and three `` meals '' a day they receive a weekly payment of only $ 19.10 a week . 
  so they are n't allowed to work to earn money , and the money they receive leaves them destitute at best . 
  so as a result they have absolutely nothing to do and no way to contribute to society in a meaningful way . 
  combined with the relatively poor weather and pervasive casual racism i would n't blame anyone for wanting to leave too . 
  but ... but ... . all those young adult males of fighting age ?!? 
  this is quite common in ireland where semi-detached houses and detached houses in the country side are extremely common . 
  the majority of free standing houses in the countryside would indeed have what you describe . 
  but in many european countries and urban centres it is very common to have only one shower . 
  at least , this is the situation with all of my relatives in the netherlands and all of my friends who live in urban centres in ireland . 
  while an overwhelming majority of the comments on news site comment sections seems to be viciously anti-immigrant , it is unacceptable that such commentary is shut down if it is reasonable . 
  this is just heading down the road of censoring and stamping out things people do n't like or agree with . 
  i 'd rather not go down that road . 
  not patriotic in a national sense , so not entirely true to the question , but this video makes me really proud to be european . 
  it feels so quintessentially european in so many ways . 
  i simply ca n't explain how warm and fuzzy it makes me feel for some reason . 
  they would n't happen to be pornos would they ? 
  `` fat slags , a very unlucky leprechaun , danes without a clue , the ring thing , a story about love , show bitch '' . 
  some very choice movie titles . 
  this is most certainly not the case . 
  many eu nations share schemes where the citizens of one country are freely elligible to join the military of another after a set period of time ( 3 years in my country ), 
  well ireland only spends around 0.5 % of its gdp on its military ... or in other words ... only $ 885 million for 2015 . 
  complete speculation , but i reckon the catholic church and fairly conservative social values result in it being 17 years of age . 
  most every other country has it fairly or much lower . 
  the dbs movement does not call for a genocide of the jewish people . 
  it simply targets aspects of israel which are fairly widely accepted as unsavoury . 
  also , every side to every argument has some absolute loonies in it . 
  you can bring up the woman in that video , i can bring up another person expressing a sentiment to the contrary . 
  lets not forget that there are also a number of influential israelis who have made extreme remarks about the palestinians in turn . 
  and what exactly does this have with the original discussion ? 
  the discussion was about how the article in question weirdly conflates american aspects of antisemitism with european antisemitism ( in an article criticizing european antisemitism exclusively ) and goes on to lump things like boycotts and criticisms in with antisemitism which is an extreme perversion of what it means to criticize something . 
  sanctions and boycotts now mean support for the destruction and genocide of an entire people ? 
  so boycotts against iran , russia , china and any other state perceived of `` wrongdoing '' suddenly means the genocide of their people ? 
  you 'll have to explain yourself if you want to be taken seriously . 
  i find two things particularly noteworthy in this article . 
  1 ) it does n't make sense that an article writing about antisemitism in europe then switches to american universities without drawing any comparison between the two . 
  what 's the point of it ? 
  to try and make europe look bad by conflating the results to give a smattering of statistics representing antisemitic acts ? 
  2 ) also of note , the article seems to deliberately draw a very narrow line between the bds movement against israel and associated criticism , and antisemitism . 
  no country should be allowed to subvert valid criticism by shouting `` racism ! , bigotry ! , hatred ! '' . 
  am i racist to chinese people for supporting a free tibet ? 
  do i hate british people for supporting a united ireland ? 
  of course not . 
  reasonable criticism should not be `` swept under the carpet '' so easily . 
  wow , here 's me thinking ireland had a very `` normal '' age of consent at 17 . 
  apparently second highest or so in europe . 
  absolutely , criticizing an act should never be equated in awfulness to the act itself . 
  that 's a very very dangerous path to thread . 
  i support my country ( republic of ireland ) in any endeavors that promote peace and security . 
  not for geopolitical gain , not because of peer pressure . 
  if the irish government comes up with a comprehensive plan outlining exactly what they intend to do and how they intend to do it i would support their moves abroad . 
  almost impossible considering ireland neutral stance and past behaviour regarding its military . 
  but yes , i would support my country . 
  if you 've ever been to greece , or indeed to most mediterranean countries , they have a fondness for working at a very slow and lazy pace . 
  ehm , i went to krakow just over one year ago and this was most certainly not my experience there . 
  a lot of people have patchy english at best , especially those who work outside of tourist occupations . 
  i think this probably depends on where you go . 
  i think he is talking more about other things , such as their attitude towards various sexual orientations . 
  i 've met quite a number of eastern europeans through my school days and holy shit are they hateful towards gay people . 
  really ? 
  i buy lots of video games and outdoor equipment on amazon uk and it 's now cheaper than i have ever seen it in years ? 
  for a brand new game i used to pay the equivalent of about $ 50-60 . 
  and now i 'm paying about $ 40-50 for the same game ? 
  times change , but people persevere . 
  that irish people , particularly young irish people , are raging alcoholics and terrible drunks ... ... 
  i hate it because of how true it is ... . . 
  and what right would that be ? 
  if two men want to kiss each other in public then they can do so . 
  what right of yours are they violating ? 
  and also , you can just look away or walk away . 
  unless you are crammed in an elevator with them or something then no-one is forcing you to watch . 
  really ? 
  standing up for transparency and being an all round decent politician makes him a populist ? 
  do you follow any of his social media pages ? 
  he 's by far the most transparent politician i 've ever heard of . 
  shares tons of information about what he 's doing , why it 's important etc. 
  how often do you see any other elected representatives doing what he does ? 
  he 's an alternative character but that by no means makes him a bad one . 
  yeah , i saw that from the article . 
  apparently it 's been a phenomenon since the 90 's but is getting worse and worse every year . 
  effective law enforcement is an absolute must in a good society so i hope they can sort it out . 
  ming flanagan , the kind of man we need in all walks of politics . 
  and to think that people constantly slated him for being a loser and weirdo . 
  he cares about what he does and he is entirely for transparency . 
  a very decent man who we need more of . 
  could anyone provide a perspective on what types of neighbourhoods and people these police officers have to deal with ? 
  from the article i understand that they are primarily youth gangs engaged in criminal activity . 
  with the current climate the title certainly seems to hinting that it 's a response to immigration . 
  the article mentions that some of them have a very high density of foreign residents but it also does n't mention whether they are involve in the crimes or not . 
  a `` tax on being unemployed '' ... . . how awful . 
  as if being unemployed was n't bad enough we shall now entertain the notion of further punishing you for being unemployed !, 
  that 'll teach you !, 
  perhaps time for a different job then if the employer lays down such rules . 
  i personally would prefer they did n't do that but if the employer permits it i 'll tolerate it . 
  at work ? 
  yes . 
  i believe that religion is a private matter and a private matter only .
