  whatever you want to do in your own home , or on your own out in public is your business and no-one should be able to tell you what to wear and what not to wear . 
  but when you are working for someone else i feel it is generally reasonable that they are allowed to dictate if you are allowed to wear any sort of religious or political clothing , signs or emblems . 
  turkey is really taking the low road here and dragging its international reputation ( or whatever it had left about a week ago ) through the gutter . 
  not to mention the sheer hypocrisy of this with turkey being involved in the armenian genocide and refusing to recognize it . 
  absolutely incredible . 
  why should n't muslims ? 
  why should n't anyone ? 
  my answer is they should , all of them should be able to ... ... 
  that 's not true , either in theory or in practice . 
  that 's a nice sentiment but in practice we all know that that is n't entirely true . 
  except there is very strong chance there wo n't be . 
  the european court of human rights takes a very dim view of manifestations of religion under the echr when it concerns muslims , then when it concerns christians they take a fairly lax stance . 
  i do n't have much faith that this will actually be implemented in a fair and unbiased manner . 
  i would n't mind being proven wrong though . 
   it 's a good thing , then , that this ruling had nothing to do with `` banning the headscarf . '', 
  all this ruling does is allow employers to ban all religious and political symbols ( without discrimination , so no targeting a single religion ) from his private work floor . 
  and which demographic do you think is going to be impacted disproportionately as a result of this measure ? 
  muslims of course . 
  these kinds of issues have come up in a number of instances in europe already and it 's always a case of the law being unevenly applied against muslims as opposed to christians . 
  why does everyone equate `` assimilation '' with the complete abandonment of the home-countries way of doing things ? 
  how does their wearing a headscarf detrimentally impact your daily life ? 
  banning the headscarf is n't a necessary requirement for integrating with the laws and norms of a european country . 
  i 've worked with a few practicing muslims who are as western as they come yet still wanted to wear a headscarf . 
  banning them accomplishes nothing . 
  so it basically an anti-islam bill in disguise then , because it will clearly disproportionately impact on muslims but not christians if we go by your reasoning of `` ease of hiding '' . 
  well , courts in europe have been fairly anti islamic symbols but they have been very permissive of christian symbols so i would n't exactly agree with your `` every other faith adapts '' statement . 
  the only good thing about this ruling is that in theory it wo n't discriminate between the person wearing a cross or rosary beads around their neck or the person wearing a headscarf/veil . 
  in practice however , i 'd be far less certain of that statement . 
  it 's the top-dog court of the eu . 
  it 's not a `` law '' per se but when drafting laws a member state can point to rulings like this and legitimize them . 
  it 's still very very important when the ecj says things like this . 
  people can integrate and still keep some of their home-country norms if they wish . 
  people need to stop acting like all immigrants should go to the pub to watch a game of footy with a packet of tayto and pint . 
  so long as they obey the law and conform in a general sense to the reasonable norms of society they can do whatever the hell they want imo . 
  i 'd prefer if nobody wore any overtly religious symbols at all when they work , be they christian , muslim , jewish etc if they have to interact with members of the public . 
  but if you are a white collar worker sequestered in an office somewhere i do n't really see the opposition . 
  also , title is slightly misleading as the way it currently is heavily implies only headscarves are affected . 
  `` all '' ... political , philosophical and religious symbols are banned . 
  nah , dey cool m8 , cos there nat moslem !!!, 
  i agree with that last part . 
  us cities are extraordinarily segregated . 
  only country in the world that i have been to where i can round a corner form a good street onto a bad street and instantly feel distinctly threatened simply by being there . 
  do n't take me wrong either , sf was n't `` bad '' at all . 
  i just preferred chicago . 
  if that 's the best that the u.s. has to offer then i fear there really is n't much in there . 
  personally i liked chicago a lot more than sf but hey , at the end of the day it 's whatever floats your boat ... ... 
  the city really struck me for a few things . 
  1 ) extraordinarily expensive 2 ) people far more brusque and inpatient than almost every other place i 've ever been to 3 ) how dirty most things were , streets , metros , lots of chewing gum and litter spread around 4 ) outstanding public transport system . 
  lots of other places have the things that london have without having as many things that make it bad . 
  that 's why i 'm not surprised at their evaluation of london . 
  london highest ranked uk city at 40th ... ... with infrastructure at 6th ... not too surprised at that . 
  it 's not a city i would think of for `` that 's a nice place to live '' . 
  great place to do business for a short time but i would n't want to live there . 
  also interesting that no u.s. cities are on the list , not that surprised again though . 
  nice to know that europe is still doing relatively okay despite all of the doom and gloom you hear and read about . 
  very weird to feel that ireland is actually on the downward slope of this , it feels like only yesterday that the country was facing economic implosion overnight . 
  on another note , how in gods name can a country keep functioning when almost 25 % of the workforce is unemployed , and in spain , almost 20 % . 
  that 's a horrifically high level of unemployment . 
  when i was there that was pretty much exactly what they were doing . 
  i was in hungary in around about 2009 and the amount of decommissioned weapons and equipment you could buy at those outskirt fleamarts was hilarious . 
  everything from bayonets to ak 's to grenades . 
  people often exaggerate but there are kernels of truth in there . 
  i traveled to that region in 2009 ( i think ) and i went to a national park or something like that in the far west of `` kosovo '' where it borders with montenegro . 
  unless we managed to get in through a mountain road which had no border control then i did not see any indicators whatsoever that we were in a another country . 
  or maybe i just was n't paying attention , but i distinctly remember not using euro 's at all during my time there and i visited croatia , bosnia , montenegro and apparently kosovo all within the same trip . 
  is kosovo an actually properly and fully independent nation ? 
  i never hear anything about it on an international level and when i traveled to the area which is supposedly kosovo i encountered absolutely nothing to indicate to me that it was in fact a separate country . 
  not trying to aggravate anyone btw , just curious . 
  ya know ... i 'm not a single issue voter ... but that single pledge really swings me into opposition to her . 
  not that i liked her much to begin with . 
  it certainly has the ability to , but i have a feeling the differing taxation systems , legal systems , languages etc are a downside in this regard . 
  it has its own cultural benefit and novelty but in terms of practicality , it 's not very . 
  the u.s. can draw on vast economies of scale as it 's all a homogenized system where if it works in one part of the country , it can work in pretty much the entire country without too much cutting and chopping to make it fit . 
  try that in the eu instead and i 'd imagine there are far more nightmares to overcome before making it work . 
  i 'm just talking out my ass really . 
  i just like entertaining the idea of it . 
  i 'm always interested in how europe stacks up to the u.s. 
  i really do wonder sometimes what would happen if the eu just integrated further into a quasi-us superstate . 
  if only we could get past all the history and grievances everyone has on this continent . 
  it 'd certainly be interesting to see . 
  wow , very interesting to learn that france is actually the most visited country ( in terms of international tourists ) in the world . 
  i would have figured that the u.s. would have been first for some reason . 
  still impressive of it to be second considering its geographical isolation . 
  got ta love that sweet sweet high minimum wage here in ireland ... . until you realize a lot of thins are expensive as all hell . 
  just looking at the car insurance market and housing market for one ... . . that crap is absolutely ludicrous . 
  not much at all really . 
  here in ireland i learned the absolute basics of ... japan tries empire ... goes too far ... does bad things ... allies fight back ... something something battle of midway ... something something iwo jima and guadal canal ... atom bombs and allied victory . 
  it 's covered in about 2-3 pages of the history book i looked at . 
  the european theater was much more in depth precisely because it is on our doorstep and had a much greater impact on us . 
  and besides , there is just too damn much history to cover absolutely everything in school and i studied history all the way through to the end of my secondary school education so that 's more than many others . 
  i defend it because i consider it to have been the best possible decision given the circumstances that they were presented with . 
  it 's a simple pragmatic view of the matter . 
  they could have fought and died in a hopeless fight which would have cause even more death and devastation for no reason . 
  or they could have saved themselves and given their family and friends the opportunity to know them for a few years longer . 
  if you want to blame someone then blame the u.n. , not the soldiers on the ground . 
  eh , you can consider them righteous if they had stayed and died fighting for a vain cause . 
  i consider them righteous for not adding more fodder in an unwinnable battle . 
  it 's not always black and white as you seem to make it out . 
  those soldiers duty did n't only go as far as those civilians , it also extended to each other , their families and themselves to get themselves home safely . 
  i think they made the right choice in the end .
