  i hate what some of these people do , just as i hate a lot of things that people do . 
  but freedom of expression/speech should never be criminalized unless it comes with specific threats of violence or a select few other things . 
  hate speech or insulting speech should never ever be criminalized no matter how utterly repulsive . 
  what you are calling for is the widespread deportation of an arbitrarily designated section of the population based on what they think . 
  fuck these people because they do n't think the same way i do . 
  fairly isolated incidents do n't suddenly make an entire country safe . 
  not even close . 
  is brussels safe ? 
  is paris safe ? 
  isolated events such be treated as such and not representative of the overall state of a country . 
  the amount of propaganda regarding the state of affairs in sweden is absolutely laughable . 
  people talking of leaving because the country is going to be ruined . 
  that it 's a third world country . 
  it 's absolutely laughable . 
  cue the incoming `` hur hur , is swedistan '' comments . 
  99 % of them from people who have never even been to sweden in their lives . 
  why should we make any moves to broaden/narrow the level of firearms restrictions if we already have low homicide rates and no problems with legal gun ownership ? 
  personally i find the status quo to be quite good ( at least in my country ) . 
  it is possible to get firearms but quite difficult and relatively few people in turn bother to try and get them which i think is a good thing . 
  so long as my country remains a stable and law abiding country then i will always oppose a relaxation of firearms laws . 
  lol , and sweden is a `` terrible '' place to live why exactly ? 
  it is still head and shoulders above the vast majority of countries on the planet , of that i have absolutely no doubt . 
  `` europe is again at war '' . 
  my god the rhetoric on reddit has hit record levels . 
  seriously , north fucking korea could take a page out of some redditors comment sections . 
  yes , you ( and i ) would almost certainly be an angry emotional individual , and angry emotional individuals do not make sensible or reasoned decisions , which is why we should never allow such people to make such decisions . 
  i have no doubt that such a terrible event could cause serious psychological damage to a person but are you then willing to allow said person to make important decisions about it ? 
  i most certainly am not . 
  why would you do such a thing ? 
  it 's a symbol of solidarity . 
  a flag from any country on the planet could have been placed there and i would n't have ripped or torn it up . 
  this is just moronic . 
  sure , maybe my stance would change ... . . but then that 's why we do n't let angry emotional people make such decisions . 
  mob justice/vigilantism/snap decisions are rarely a good thing . 
  i do n't like the idea of mandatory jail sentences and most definitely not for a crime as ill-defined as `` terrorism '' . 
  simple boiling it down leaves us at `` your terrorist is not my terrorist '' and even if we identify a person as being a terrorist , should all offences under the umbrella of terrorism carry the same weight ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i would only support such a measure for individuals who were actively involved in the carrying out of terrorist acts i.e. , bombing and shooting people . 
  those convicted of secondary offences i would be fine with getting 20 years or so . 
  and before anyone mentions it ... ... . not a chance of me ever supporting the death penalty . 
  buut ... but ... but the refugees !?!?!? 
  if all states pass the copenhagen criteria successfully , are willing to join , and have the approval of all of the other member states , then yes . 
  if they can not pass those criteria , i 'm going to say no . 
  i do n't like him at all . 
  talks a big load of crap to keep himself up there with the best of them . 
  argumentative , aggressive , racist , and just downright boorish . 
  in my opinion he is the least suitable candidate as a states person in the entire running . 
  that said , i think his rhetoric will taper off if he does get elected . 
  he simply wo n't be able to do all of the stupid things he says he will like building a wall the entire length of the mexican border or banning muslims from the u.s. 
  it 's just horrendous fear mongering to appeal to the more ignorant poorly educated people in the u.s. 
  i do n't think it 'll do the u.s. any favours regarding their international standing . 
  americans already have a fairly bad rap for their international antics over the past twenty years or so and i could imagine that getting even worse with him as president . 
  i did , he says `` 3000-5000 '' . 
  that 's a very big margin . 
  so now i wonder , if we know who these people are , then we can go get them and identify whether or not they pose a security risk . 
  or , he is simply making figures up/guessing in which case there is just fear mongering . 
  the article cites no evidence except for what he says . 
  proof/evidence is prerequisite before jumping on the bandwagon for me anyway . 
  `` more than 70 years after the holocaust , has europe really changed ? '', 
  i think we 've progressed infinitely beyond exterminating so called `` undesirables '' in gas chambers . 
  this article reeks of fear mongering . 
  i do n't know much about the veracity of the claims either side to this referendum is going to come up with , but i am certain that the `` propoganda '' is going to be extreme and pervasive . 
  obviously not my decision to make but i at least hope that people will educate themselves even a little bit about the pros and cons before voting in line with scaremongering . 
  is there any evidence for this besides merely his word ? 
  i mean , surely if `` up to 5,000 jihadists have entered europe '' we have names , faces , places to go and get them ... . otherwise this is just guessing ? 
  so either we `` know '' for certain that these people are here and we can go get them ... ... or figures are just being made up ... ... 
  in an ideological sense i see it as an inevitable feature of human development . 
  maybe not now , maybe not in my lifetime , but as communications and transport evolves at an ever faster pace i believe a day will come when i can travel to the other side of the planet in only a few short hours . 
  given my upbringing i would consider myself an extremely international person . 
  i have extremely open minded parents who have traveled far and wide and i have too as a consequence , as a result i have been exposed to many countries with very different ways of doing things . 
  i 'm not afraid of other cultures or treat them `` suspiciously '' in any way . 
  i was also raised in another country to parents who were not very religious or nationalistic/patriotic and thus i honestly do n't have a very attached relationship to anywhere . 
  it would be quite easy for me to uproot and move elsewhere if the opportunity was decent . 
  thus , i would strongly be in favour for a more centralized europe where we really turn into a `` united states of europe '' type of nation , and i honestly think this will happen in the future . 
  it also has the benefit of providing `` competitiveness/security '' benefit as in the future it wo n't be the u.s. that will be the most powerful nation on the planet . 
  other countries are catching up at a dizzying pace and countries like china and india in particular are extraordinarily vast in terms of population and economic potential . 
  most of the countries in europe are too small to stand on the international stage unless they group together . 
  i mean , there are countries in europe who have only hundreds of thousands/few million people . 
  they are internationally `` insignificant '' . 
  this is probably very rambly and unfocused , just saw this thread and thought i would throw out a few things . 
  it would be interesting to see the levels of educational attainment and socioeconomic class of these people , generally speaking these types of `` vigilante '' groups do n't attract the smartest of people . 
  regardless of their background . 
  this does n't really sound like a positive thing to me , essentially a gang of people patrolling the streets with poorly defined aims/objectives . 
  if they have intentions of patrolling into the future then i would n't be surprised to see them somewhere on reddit again but probably for less `` good '' reasons . 
  fuck that , i 'm generally supportive of helping refugees in a reasonable manner but no way in hell are you bringing child brides , childhood marriage , forced marriage and other such uncouth stuff near me . 
  i would strongly oppose such things if they were coming to my country . 
  so no age investigation has been carried out and no clarification as to what age the person is/could be is offered ? 
  just because he 's a migrant i suppose it does n't matter . 
  just like how black people make up such a large % of the american prison population yet only a small % of the total population ? 
  there are many reasons why that is and you should look a little bit further than those statistics at face value . 
  7.5 % of a populations is a small group . 
  the muslims in france will not become a majority or even close to it for a very , very , very long time if they ever even do . 
  all those people that are like `` they 're all economic migrants and terrorists , sink the ships ! '', 
  make me laugh . 
  this is n't exactly surprising and indicates that the numbers have been fairly even for quite some time now . 
  but better not get in the way of the reddit circlejerk i suppose . 
  as an educated person , i demand a safe space for intelligent people !!!!, 
  stupid people begone !, 
  you shall have no authority to enter our domain . 
  sounds stupid does n't it ... ...
