  people need to realise that those guys can actually change and step up tgeir attitude over the years . 
  i was really hoping that existed :(, 
  that does not sound as nice though , but thanks !, 
  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay !, 
  well yeah , that guy definately fucked himself ( up ), 
  just want to add that this should also be used in that order against heroes without escapes , because slave has a longer range !, 
  roaming spirit breaker . 
  gank all the lanes , show yourself a lot in mid , ta-daa - your team is way ahead . 
  build urn , pt and then whatever the situation demands . 
  same for tangoes !, 
  we should n't dive, 
  there is an accent in the far north of germany that still has a strong connection to english - for example `` fork '' means `` forke '' there , whereas in german that would be `` gabel '', 
  i wonder how that team lanes , given your order of heroes i assume a solo safe slark and an aggro trilane of venge lion and wk . 
  my selection : offlane axe , qop mid , shaker dazzle and lifestealer safe . 
  axe should be able to handle the slark , the safe is strong at countering initiations and even able to counterkill , no idea about qop vs. necro i must admit :d, 
  i 'd like to hear thoughts and opinions !, 
  is there actually anything i can do in case of wobbling ? 
  i fear not ... 
  and what prevents it ? 
  i like his voice , intonation , camerawork and think he is a smart guy - but i just ca n't stand his overusage of memes . 
  i wish he would change that , then he 'd be pretty solid imo, 
  just let it deal dmg like euls too , so you can cancel blink with it . 
  waaait , is egm out again ? 
  if the enemy picks early aggression with dual supports , quickly finishes your t1s and invades your jungle , then you are screwed . 
  in lower skilled pubs the 4-cores-strat might be buffed by the recent patches though , because people tend to be not so much objective-oriented . 
  spec , tiny , medusa and lifestealer come to my mind . 
  79 , dota 2 !, 
  okay , eye of the tiger really made it . 
  is it fun ? 
  it 's very small and really not my style , but i imagine it to be fun as hell !, 
  ha , good that you ask what i drive and not what i own - i drive :, 
  my father 's 2012 volkswagen passat alltrack 2.0 tdi ,, 
  my mother 's 2009 alfa romeo 147 1.6 twinspark, 
  and my girlfriend 's 2006 kia picanto 1.1 crdi . 
  thanks , i was hoping my specs would be high enough to handle that resolution . 
  i do n't really need a 21:9 screen though , as i use multiple monitors already so space to work is not an issue . 
  bioshock infinite , 79 - great giveaway !, 
  i had a smoke in my inventory as rubick and realized sniper was ulting me as i ran away - i wnated to activate my wand with like two or three charges on it , but i had gotten a new mouse a few days before which had a row of thumb buttons added - i pressed the wrong row and activated the smoke i had totally forgotten and dodged his ult by doing so . 
  oh crap i somehow thought it was 350 --  350 - decimals have nothing to do with it then !, 
  ) , mynuts , bamboe and neqroman, 
  also i want to fucking read specific numbers or spell descriptions without needing vision of my enemy :(, 
  it 's just a normal kupu but i love it and will keep it until it dies !, 
  if you ca n't even accept properly i do n't think your teammates will be havibg any fun with you and your internet . 
  it has been the issue when loading a game of dota 2 twice yet , but also when it just booted and there was only windows itself running . 
  i will run furmark and see what happens, 
  alright , i 've used furmark 's gpu & cpu burners , the gpu hovers around 80 \u00b0 c , the cpu around 90 \u00b0 c , it has not rebooted . 
  my suspects are now either the ram or the power supply ( i do n't think a hard drive can cause reboots , can it ? ), 
  i 've used furmark 's gpu & cpu burners , the gpu hovers around 80 \u00b0 c , the cpu around 90 \u00b0 c , it has not rebooted . 
  my suspects are now either the ram or the power supply but i guess i still have no clue how to test that or reproduce the issue . 
  well , thanks a lot , i had no idea about the cpu temperature - it actually is around 65 \u00b0 c in idle so i guess it 's time for new paste here . 
  i will test the rams now !, 
  not colors !, 
  i 'm from germany and the last ones appear very strange to me - also i am jealous . 
  i want mixed packs !, 
  kane & lynch collection would be great - huge giveaway !, 
  geht 2on2 in civ ? 
  also , who the heck cares if you claim legendary - i can have fun at lower ranks too and was happy when i reached 5 . 
  in addition , you do n't have to grind all the cards - two complete decks is enough to play it on a regular basis . 
  if you want to get professional/legendary with many playable decks , then of course you will have to spend cash . 
  awesome !, 
  god , that was the best setup ever for that joke at the end, 
  what exactly is naut and how do you `` install '' it ? 
  just curious , i saw that theme in other subs but i have no clue how to do such things, 
  most correct , wrong ones are : i have a 9 years younger brother , study mechanical engineering , my closest friends are not from the handball club , 
   you are a male ( duetsch ) 19 + years old , 5 ' 7-5 ' 8 tall . 
  ( heavy smoker ) - right handed, 
  male , german , 22 , 5 '11 tall . 
  i do smoke , but only hookah and other `` things '' and not regularly but with friends at the weekend . 
   dominant in a sense throughout your interactions . 
  interesting , what indicated that ? 
   very unorganized and messy . 
  i know 8 [ though last time i formatted my pc was almost 2 years ago because i upgraded to an ssd - my electronics are pretty organized somehow . 
   you have an athletic body , and you favor the hobby of soccer . 
  playing handball , the football was a trap ( not intentionally placed  ) . 
  i do sports 5x a week , but also eat a lot - so not really `` athletic '' , rather trained . 
   has a passion for the electric/house genre . 
  mostly hardstyle and trance !, 
   studies architect most likely, 
  mechanical engineering , and it 's going quite well actually !, 
   enjoys being a dj from time to time . 
  yes , but i do not demand to be taken seriously in any way when doing it - just a hobby . 
  mostly correct , but when i play soccer then with my handball team !, 
  well , i work occasionally for my father 's enterprise , but not on a regular basis . 
  mostly correct , here 's what you didnt get or got wrong : 22 , mechanical engineering , playing football only with friends from the handball club , samsung galaxy s3 !, 
  sch\u00e4ferhund ( shepard dog ) is the word used , but its name actually is deutscher sch\u00e4ferhund, 
  when i switched my 285 for a 760 , i noticed that my room got a lot colder :(, 
  what a lovely thing to have . 
  may i ask what you paid for all that ? 
  dota 2 , hearthstone , cities : skylines , besiege . 
  that guy somehow looks pretty likable !, 
  38 and i realized how crappy my screen is :(, 
  i 'd call that one `` outplayed '' , hu, 
  you seem interesting to talk to , because there is nothing obvious about you - at least to me, 
  i have a gtx760 4gb , 8gb of ram and an i7 860 @ 2.80 ghz and i plan on upgrading on a 1440p screen - do you guys think my rig will be able to handle it ? 
  that would make my ~ ~ day ~ ~ ~ ~ week ~ ~ month !, 
  edit : fuck it , bought that shit, 
  uuuuuh ... i think i am ? 
  how the hell are you doing such a giveaway ? 
  did n't know of that site yet , thanks !, 
  this one is what i currently like the most ,
