  so - what actually are these differences ? 
  i would be glad if somebody explained / showed me !, 
  now broken morphliiiiiing, 
  i want either elder bark , deepest depths or empowered ( which i think is far too expensive ) . 
  i do n't trade much but i have a gilded falcon set available to give away as i dont play wr that much - is there a chance to make this happen ? 
  a small value trade only , i hope someone is interested though . 
  edit : gone !, 
  check for stuff you might want , i do not want to break sets . 
  hope to find an equal trade . 
  i play clock quite much but what really confuses me is the choice of boots . 
  i think arcane gives you endless mana early on , but after you have agh this feels quite useless . 
  also you do not have tankyness , which power threads give you and not the rightclick-damage of phase boots and obviously their phase . 
  so guys - which boots should i get and where do i get my mana if i dont get arcane ? 
  he recieved this item today from the compendium match week # 6 and i really wonder how much such thing is worth . 
  i am quite picky , just offer some if you are interested , 
  as title says , wondered if they are untradeable at first like items from the regular store . 
  thanks for responses !, 
  so gud, 
  visa problems !!, 
  quick , time is running, 
  can not burrriive it, 
  currently i play two decks the least unsuccessful :, 
  a control/nuke mage and a murloc/rush rogue . 
  my decks are the following and i am quite sure they suck ( sorry for them being german but i guess you can tell by the pictures what cards they are ), 
  first of all , is it viable keeping the pyro or should i disenchant it while i still get the full dust ? 
  and second of all , any suggestions or insight ? 
  thank you very much in advance !, 
  much doto, 
  you already can move cards around when it 's not your turn , why ca n't we just place them in another place on our hand then ? 
  like `` cute '' tomatoes , forks or other stuff . 
  i have a hurting left heel , migraine in the left part of my head and whenever i get a spark , it happens on the left side . 
  is this a coincidence or is it actually possible that thw left side of my body is actually weaker ? 
  as title says - i almost have to puke when a friend farts really badly , however it 's not that bad with my own farts . 
  how does this come ? 
  i have about 5k ingots left and i do n't think i will have the time to fight the beast today - will it return once more ( or many times more ) ? 
  do we have any sources on when and how often ? 
  and what happens with my unused ingots ? 
  i think it would be nice to trade them to tokens at a quite bad ratio after the event . 
  thanks in advance if you have any answers for me , i could n't find anything, 
  all i ever want in dota 2 to happen is this !, 
  just as title says , i wonder if thalnos is that strong that i should put it in every deck - what 's your opinion ? 
  i am waiting like a kid at christmas , do we know when the last offering will be collected ? 
  only one scene would be fine for me , too . 
  i hope it is okay to ask this here . 
  it 's in a 147 , i have no idea what it does . 
  i tried googling it but got no result , maybe i was searching for wrong keywords - does anybody of you guys know what it 's for ? 
  edit : i mean the on-off-switch . 
  i 've read that the ipad mini ca n't handle it quite well so i got afraid my tablet wo n't be able to handle the game . 
  it has a 1.6 ghz dual-core chip and 2 gigs of ram , and a full-hd display ( who would have expected that ! ), 
  or is it only me ? 
  about 2fps ( skipping the frames in between ) , on my asus memopad 10fhd !, 
  i always say the stuff i write in my head , and `` slash r slash '' seems so weird ... 
  i know / r/timelapse , but i ask myself if there was a gif-only subreddit ? 
  pls deliver, 
  no idea in which subreddit else this could get an answer, 
  i 've got a windows 7 pc and often switch between the soundcard my keyboard has ( where i plugged in my headphones ) and my onboard soundcard . 
  after seeing the mouz vs. 
  empire match and loosing a few rares i am not even mad , because the games were awesome . 
  but not only this bo5 , many many games during the last few weeks have been really joyful to watch - which i think did not happen that much before . 
  i think this version is the best one so far , even though the `` rat doto '' got less ( sorry , i love rat doto ) , because this version seems to get teams onto the same level . 
  i had to share this . 
  as title says , i wonder why sometimes skeletons get summoned and sometimes not . 
  can you influence it ? 
  edit : to make it clear , i know that corpses are necessary !, 
  but even after killing the small ones , sometimes still no skeletons are spawned . 
  sorry for being so unclear !, 
  all accounts in one !, 
  get recognised , recognize your friends . 
  of course you can `` hide '' the `` activities '' you do not want to be seen !, 
  their children are pricesses and princes , but their parents ? 
  i was looking to add some shaders to my minecraft , but the version i play with is 1.4.4 . 
  in the tutorials i watched , you had to copy the data into the bin-folder , but i do n't even have this one ? 
  help would be appreciated !, 
  on another hand : can i upgrade my bukkit-server to newer versions without breaking anything ? 
  if yes , do i only have to replace the bukkit.jar ? 
  thanks guys . 
  i played it once for a few minutes , ever since then it crashes after the autodesk intro . 
  i verified the game cache and reinstalled the game . 
  help would be much appreciated !, 
  cmon i didnt want them to get it ... 
  hey guys , i need your thoughts on this terrible , terrible idea . 
  when stacking with my friends and we are entering the bullshit-mode i tried playing roaming support-pa a few times . 
  i usually skill stiffling dagger and phantom strike ( is that her blink strike ? 
  might have forgotten the name ) and on lvl 3 i get blur - which is when i start roaming because the enemy wo n't see me on the minimap which is basically like a built-in smoke ( i am around 4k mmr , i still wonder why this actually works ) . 
  the thing is , with the momentum of surprise and dagger + blink you can gank lanes easily and get many kills , but after like 25-30 minutes i start to get useless because of the lack of farm . 
  item build is usually poor man 's shield + pt / phase boots ( depends on how easily the enemy team can burst me down ) and usually a vlads to support the cores of the team ( if fitting ) . 
  but what to do afterwards ? 
  how to play a mid to late pa without farm ? 
  eul 's and force staff ? 
  i 'd really appreciate your thoughts because i somehow really want to make this work . 
  keep in mind , i know how shitty this is . 
  sorry if this is not the correct place to ask this , but i coukd not find a sub and i 've always seen this community as very helpful . 
  my g9x is falling apart and i wondered which newer-generation-mice have a shape similar to it but at least 4 thumb buttons ( i dont really need more , i 'd rather have only 4 big buttons instead of 6 smaller ones which are harder to hit ) . 
  i 'd really appreciate your replies !, 
  things that come to my mind :, 
  ( word that is used by americans on the left , word that germans use translated into english on the right ), 
  bowl - head, 
  vase - bowl ( actually we use the english word `` bowl '' , not a german word ), 
  why are these words switched around ? 
  ka-ching or something like that .
