  welcum, 
  i wonder ... 
  i 'm from germany , near stuttgart so here are a lot of amgs - even pretty unusual ones - should i post them ? 
  they 're not that sick for me , but maybe for others on this sub ? 
  a guy living near me had one once , he works for mb and drives another car every few months , some even before release . 
  i will check out his parking lot a bit more often i guess , 
  no offense , i get that they actually are in the us - i was just wondering if them being spotted in germany would take the magic away , 
  i want a coach slot for each team who is i game and has his team 's vision . 
  i think that would make for insanely strategic games and sick calls . 
  it is petrol only . 
  you had me hoping, 
  that would be pretty satisfying i suppose, 
  ha , just deleted my post because i saw all the other ones in here where people have problems that seem so much worse ... thank you for your response though , it actually helps me a lot . 
  good luck to you too !, 
  entering , 
  how do i know which walls i can shoot ? 
  how much damage does each weapon deal through it ? 
  is there a significant difference between the usp and the p2000 , and also between the m4s ? 
  thanks guys, 
  s7e17 - `` homer the smithers '' , 
  you 're welcome , have fun watching :d, 
  oooh , i wan na meet sheever !, 
  well , you really cheered the crowd up - though sometimes even after a lost fight without realizing , but you did it !, 
  i feel sorry for the headache you 're about to have :d, 
  i liked when secret got rosh , he started screaming , aegis got denied , everybody was like `` sheeeeet '' and he thought everybody was freaking out even more about rosh :d, 
  i bet there are people in queue even now - people who came later . 
  human . 
  ... so nobody can see the water 's color !, 
  we are happy people, 
  you might enjoy / r/upliftingnews, 
  ha , i was quick on the edit but you were even faster !, 
  yeeeeaaaaaaah !!, 
  / r/rocketbeans, 
  can someone explain why it could take so long ? 
  is n't loading just moving data from the hard drive into the ram ? 
  should n't that be about equal speed for equal amounts of data ? 
  and why are there christmas lights in court ? 
  after seeing the gif , i am happy that `` gore-shitting '' is not a weird thing i have not heard of yet . 
  sweet !, 
  being flamed by the enemy shows that you 've made it !, 
  he uses his spirit to break stuff, 
  audio * : /, 
  not for the chicken , no, 
  naah , i do n't thi, 
  yeah but in reality it really is, 
  jesses, 
  oh , you removed it . 
  i was wondering a lot about how `` terminator woman '' could help autistic children learn emotions ... 
  for my stack , hes just `` gyros '' - problem solved, 
  poor you !, 
  well , but it 's really cheap and ( imo ) reaaaly not good - so maybe not what you searched for . 
  they are . 
  also theres an extension that makes the cancer actually appear everywhere . 
  ! remindme february 6, 
  or parents teaching you basic manners, 
  come on , you ca n't just tease us and then not tell us where it was !, 
  you seem like you have pretty cool stuff to share , how about an ama ? 
  if this does n't get five stars i am devastated, 
  wow , that 's so great for us !, 
  thank mr sanders, 
  maybe you can still get them !, 
  open a tread in / r/wwe !, 
  what are your personal favoritec & h comic strips ? 
  you rock !, 
  ach was !, 
  because the point if this subreddit is not being a jerk towards people asking weird or obvuius questions . 
  yep , everything i got given already is in matlab . 
  war er erik ? 
  vd\u00dc !, 
  nice !, 
  would n't red make them more agressive having to watch that stuff ? 
   `` leaders of the weimar republic , its not the polls you should worry about . 
  its the poles . '', 
  how does that translate into german ? 
  if you really wanted to know . 
  oh god , i did n't even notice that !, 
  thanks , but i also have questions like `` which gloves/shoes may fit '' - i think that would be rather weird to ask there !, 
  [ hier ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/vikingrger ), 
  test : r/de, 
  \u2022 ordered some parts, 
  \u2022 one was missing . 
  \u2022 response : we will put it to your next order ... well , okay , i need sth else anyway . 
  \u2022 part missing again , another email, 
  \u2022 `` we would like to give you the part price as a discount on your next order '', 
  \u2022 why the fuck do you try to make more money out of your fuck ups, 
  suggesting speedfan !, 
  not if you respect its limits . 
  holy fucking ass those guys are quick, 
  ooooooooookay , do you have all of these spare or are you buying random games right now ? 
  also i did n't expect that i 'd consider my internet speed too slow for a freaking games forum 8 [, 
  okay , too many invalids - i can safely learn again, 
  checked and commenting now , 
  entering the giveaway 54932, 
  very cool site !, 
  linksradikal . 
  hast du was linksradikales parat ? 
  \u00d6dith :, 
  after deny attempt - you proceed to hit enemy units after your own dies . 
  yep, 
  definitiv einen post wert !,
