  not the height of the layer , but how far it is away . 
  i can only speak for my prusa i3 where you have a calibration gcode file that is basically a long line . 
  in the settings you can `` live ajust z '' while printing , which moves the nozzle closer / further away from the bed . 
  extra comment so you wo n't miss it - nozzle temp seems low to me too - i print with orusa 's abs and use 255 nozzle , 105 bed , but that varies from brand to brand - make sure you do n't use print cooling with abs . 
  i googled a bit , and to my understanding you have to adjust your z height by hand - i have no idea how to do that because i have no clue about the printer itself :d maybe google a bit or start a new topic here about how to calibrate your initial z distance with your specific printer - and please report back if that worked !, 
  you should not need a raft in general , especially with simple prints like yours . 
  i think it 's more important to make it stick without a raft than optimizinh it while using one . 
  just what i was thinking - guy must be slippy af, 
  well the saints do ... but only 7 games per season, 
  if our opponents realize they can just play without defensive backfield cmc is fucked , and thus our offense is fucked, 
  i type in the ip of my server - the page loads and then crashes . 
  i do n't use a vpn or anything , just both the standard browser and it also happened with opera . 
  i know that sounds weird :d, 
  if i pinged it afterwards using my pc it was not responding so i assume the same would happen using the phone, 
  yes of course , same wifi . 
  it sometimes works for a short time but after a few seconds to minutes becomes unreachable . 
  yeah it is , i do n't have lan-access where it is located ( workshop ), 
  i just dragged it in , that creates a litograph ( like those which get posted here sometimes ), 
  nope !, 
  as i said , it is not even reachable via pc or other devices then . 
  forgot to mention , i did that . 
  will look at the logs , thank you, 
  yeah , i have it on my pi too lol, 
  thanks for the tip , but firmware is stock . 
  hiwever i might want to look into the repeater i use to have access in the area where my printer stands, 
  i bought the official power supply which puts out 2.5 a iirc , and the printer keeps printing - so it is still running i assume ? 
  or is the gcode transferred to the printer when starting a print ? 
  yes i do - thanks for the link !, 
  the amazon ones are knockoffs , as prusa 's design is open source . 
  they work , but lack important safety features . 
  the original is available on prusa3d.com and if you dont mind spending two evenings on assembling , i suggest to buy the kit for $ 700 and building it yourself - you will learn a lot and it is fun , 
  with that budget you can get really premium ones like ultimakers , but as a newbie you are never wrong with a prusa i3 mk2s kit from prusa3d.com - you will learn a lot while building it ( around 2 evenings ) and it is a great printer for 700 bucks . 
  it 's just another prusa i3 mk2s knockoff - they work but lack safety features . 
  that 's the spirit , 
  well , at least there are seven people worse than me :[, 
   nobody outside of seattle likes the seahawks, 
  tell that the football fans in germany , 30 % are seattle fans, 
  is it the one from the sd card ? 
  or did you slice yourself ? 
  when the nfl first started to get recognized here they were fun to watch . 
  lots of guys watched their most recent sb win as the first match and liked seattle . 
  ia now a good time to build a new pc ? 
  wanted to get a ryzen 1700 and 1080 ( maybe ti ) but i am not sure if i should wait for the next nvidia gen. because of financial reasons it should be built this year though . 
  i use it mainly for cad and a bit of content creation and 1440p60hz gaming but want it to be future proof . 
  alrighty , my current pc ( i7 860 and gtx 760 , 8gb ram ) is 8 years old and clearly dying . 
  would you go for a 1080 or a 1080ti ? 
  alright , that mesns your mechanics are good - good job !, 
  now try slicing one yourself until yoj get your settings right !, 
  it 's pretty much still here, 
  resoldering should work i guess ? 
  thank you , reason i was asking is because in setups like [ this one ] ( https://cdn.pcpartpicker.com/static/forever/images/userbuild/199812.5a3ab3862d2a9934ffeab6b0e2a27af2.1600.jpg ) it seems like it could interfer ( picture shows said hero vi ) . 
  well damn , yeah i meant the rad with the fans . 
  would that be viable with the included rgb fans ? 
  thanks for the info  did you mount it at the front then ? 
  great , now i 'm angry, 
  just imagine how frustrated 9ers and bills fans must be, 
  thank you so much , this is amazing, 
  alright , i had to google `` festival totem '' - i have been to like 12 festivals in europe and did not know these were a thing . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  what was its name ? 
  all those posts made me download all the files yesterday so i can print a whole backup kit for mine, 
  yes :d even got the orange prusa abs . 
  will start doing it next week, 
  american football & fitness , computerspiele , auflegen , 3d-druck , chilis z\u00fcchten !, 
  i slice using cura and print with pla at 210/55, 
  everything seemed good with smaller prints but for this one , everything went to shit . 
  i also have stringing going on , what are generally solid retraction values ? 
  thank you everybody - i recently swapped my nozzle to a hardened one and will check if it sits correctly and raise it afterwards !, 
  yeah me too , just outside the cheaper upgrade window :(, 
  you can also use old routers as a wifi repeater ( or buy a repeater , or a router off of ebay , many people sell them for cheap because they get them with their contract ) to increase wifi range . 
  it 's relative to his actual size, 
  and no , i do n't post it to get `` this one '' as an answer . 
  i just asked myself which lecture hall is the biggest in the world but i could n't find it via google . 
  at my university , the biggest one has a capacity of a little less that 800 seats ( university of stuttgart ) . 
  i have currently 300 games played but i played dota 1 for about 8 years . 
  i have a few mates but none of us plays regularly so most of the time only 2 people are playing . 
  i am german but i have international mates and sometimes we play good , sometimes we suck . 
  if you want to play a few games with me / us , add cryptex777 in steam ( currently named bill cosby , we are into that themed-names-stuff ) !, 
  so i just messed around vs bots and decided to go double midas with my two teddys . 
  but why does this never get played ? 
  it adds you about 200gpm and after using both you could just drop both of them on your spirit baer for the attackspeed . 
  also , the second midas is even easier to farm ( obviosly ) . 
  so i wonder - why does n't this get played ? 
  so i bought two powerbanks for my friend and me . 
  he has a sony xperia s , i have a samsung galaxy s3 . 
  they both charge his phone perfectly , but when i connect my s3 to them , it only says that it charges , but actually does not charge . 
  has anybody an idea why this happens ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  edit : i tested it withy girlfriend 's phone ( s2 ) and the one of my father ( s3 lte ) , too - it worked on the galaxy s2 but not on the galaxy s3 lte ( mine is non-lte , but i do n't think this should be much of a difference ? ), 
  - this whole thing seems weird to me . 
  in what ways the s3 needs to get charged dofferently ? 
  so during the ti3 western qualifiers , joindota had this challenge to send them dota-pickup-lines . 
  my very favourite was `` do xou have a butterfly ? 
  because i miss you all the time ! '' . 
  also , recently this `` it takes tree to tango '' thing came up . 
  these really made me want to hear morw dota-relates jokes or puns or whatever - so , what is your favourite ? 
  edit right before : it is quite late in europe so please forgive ke that terribly retarded mistake i made in the title by switching those words . 
  i will get myself some sleep now . 
  so i watch a quite decent amount of western conpetitive dota and very ofteb the differences to eastern dota get mentioned . 
  but when i watch eastern games , i do n't really see that bug differences - of course , every team has its own style but i did not notice that much .
