  i dont understand a word :(, 
  ooh , i thought we were talking dota-therms ... i think i missed a few jokes in the last episodes then . 
  i think i want to start longboarding ( have been street skating for a while but i went more cruising than to the skatepark ) and noticed that on mamy german sites , when asked for a beginner 's board , the ninetysixty boobam is often mentioned - however , i 've not seen talked about it here . 
  is it a good board or are there other alternatives in this price segment ? 
  also , are there areas which are generally no fun to skate in ? 
  if yes , what makes a `` good '' area / route ( especially for beginners ) ? 
  thanks for any tips !, 
  before it got pointed out that there were feet coming ozmut of the barrell , the name only included two - but that was quite some time ago, 
  does not have to be closer , just anyone - however the closest unit gets the aggro . 
  i thought it was taken by demon or was that fake news ? 
  can you explain those tresholds or have a link ? 
  i want to see bots suffer when i have 15 minutes of time left, 
  hi guys , i want to start longboarding !, 
  i have no clue about what to get as a first board , but i 've heard of a few . 
  i live in europe , many people here suggest the `` ninetysixty boobam '' , a friend of mine suggested the `` kahuna creations neo fish brown beach '' - i have not heard of this board before nor did i find any reviews . 
  are there alternatives in this price segment ? 
  how good are these boards ? 
  which boards are good for pushing ( i think i will have to push a lot where i live :d ), 
  thanks for replies and tips !, 
  germany !, 
  sounds great , but also expensive !, 
  i will look at them , thank you, 
  guys , i want to get a friend of mine into longboarding so i do n't have to learn it all myself - can you link me the sweetest longboarding videos you have ? 
  thanks , i will look through their channel , 
  thank you , this should help a lot !, 
  yeah , dancing looks very impressive :d, 
  second nature looks very trippy , thank you !, 
  i do n't get it as i did n't face ysera much yet - which one is considered `` weak '' ? 
  those strats are pretty easy to counter unless you panic and feed them a few kills too, 
  old as fuck , but still awesome - this gif made me come here !, 
  in internet-time , yes, 
  nice one , 79 !, 
  just ordered my first board , i am excited !, 
  a test-board ( so used ) ninetysixty ( sub-brand of pogo ) double kick for 90 $ . 
  from what i 've read this is a solid beginner 's board with a quality that you do n't get in this price range if you buy other brands . 
  got it straight from pogo , i wrote them via email , 
  ghost king bar, 
  ca n't touch this, 
  if you could buy a single sentry , dewarding would get far easier as you did n't have to wait as long as for 2 wards and you do n't have that extra ward afterwards . 
  a lot . 
  i think i did some weird english , right ? 
  version 3.1.15 , firmware is android 4.3, 
  well it is not stock android , but the most recent one brought out by asus, 
  i think it 's always been like that , looks like i have to wait for asus to fix it . 
  what wheels are those ? 
  i love the look of them !, 
  my first board arrived today - yay !, 
  it 's a used ninetysixty double kick for 90 $ . 
  i still have some questions :, 
  does pushing mongo have advantages/disadvantages ? 
  i 've pushed mongo when i was streetboarding few years ago , but on the longboard i feel safer when i push regularly , also my left foot has problems and i should not push with it i think . 
  how do i position my front foot ? 
  do i switch during pushing or braking ? 
  also , any general tip is highly appreciated !, 
  i 've been riding a bit today - i think it will take a while until boarding alone becomes fun , because at the moment i just go down that almost flat street and practice pushing and stopping , which really gets boring after a bit . 
  i did n't even realize it at first until someone pointed it out, 
  correct !, 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  yeah i 've noticed the instability while breaking , but also while pushing ... i will use the board as method of transportation a while now so i get on it regularly and develop a feeling for it . 
  best of luck to you , too !, 
  how long did it take you guys to start bombing bigger hills or even slide ? 
  i 've just started to skate yesterday but i wonder how long it will take until i do n't look like a total fool on this thing ... i think i will have the time to skate 2-3 times a week and use my board to move around town ( when going to a friend 's place etc ) . 
  thanks for the reply , it will help me being patient :d, 
  i would n't have guess\u00e9 !, 
  not sure if i would be mad or proud ... 
  i love rat dota . 
  i love winning by doing it , i have a good laugh when i loose against it and i enjoy watching it so much . 
  how do you ruin a game not literally ? 
  well , the `` as soon as possible '' is not always a thing - if you have the stronger lategame you prefer waiting so you have better chances . 
  okay i had to read a few comments until i realized it was not walker 's fiance ... 
  they had a couple of minutes of showing nothing before the next game . 
  oh god chuan is so fucking cute . 
  ... only half of the time !, 
  i look forward seeing games with ns vs kotl - 4 minutes of radiant pressuring , then 4 minutes of dire-power !, 
  can you counter-smoke ? 
  if you move your camera using keys , your mouse still moves relatively to the ground ( ground moves , mouse stands still ) - so the effect is just the same . 
  what the fuck , i cant watch this in germany because the gema did not provide the rights - i thought this was two guys singing in a television show ? 
  thanks , will post there, 
  it 's fun , you get to `` draw '' cards and you have intel of your enemy 's deck . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it 's a logitech g510 . 
  i think autohotkey will do it , but i 'd prefer a clickable icon a lot . 
  they also take away less space from your view than other ones !, 
  i 'd add a full hd display i to this mix , many cheaper laptops have terrrible terrible displays . 
  why not an assault instead of one shiva !, 
  the nice guys get a commend . 
  even enemies ( very often actually ) - the guys who know it 's just a game and we all wan na have fun . 
  i give them that +1 on the ( in my eyes ) `` good-guy-score '', 
  feel free to add me , http://steamcommunity.com/id/cheniejack/, 
  i usually am tryharding but i appreciate stupid games as well !, 
  i honestly think many people do n't get that but jump the train anyway . 
  as your questioned already got answered , you can post any future question to / r/nostupidquestions, 
  \\ #randomwords \\ #bloodseeker, 
  well , he got the karma back by wooshing himself, 
  how come you do this ? 
  normally people post a story when they make a rather large giveaway like this one !, 
  of course i 'd like to participate - then southpark game would be my choice . 
  i 've noticed that as soon as i started playing better and thus winning matches , my mmr increased . 
  so my tipas former 2.3 k player who git to 2.35 k in a week is : try to win !, 
  in my opinion , playing from behind is the best training you can get .
