  but ... does one of your relatives have cancer or not ? 
  i clicked the rewind button while watching ti4 multiple times because i wanted to go back to a timestamp when i was not connected yet ( watched via twitch before ) and endet up shadow shaman shackling nature 's prophet with 2 sets of shackles ovee the whole map permanently - it made the game at least a bit more fun as it was already decided . 
  those orange splines where having straaange paths . 
  in this video is a pretty good explanation - you take something familiar and de-arrange it in a weird way , thus making it funny . 
  of course my explanation is not as good as the one michael gives , watch the video , it 's pretty interesting !, 
  edit : i forgot the video . 
  [ why did the chicken cross the road ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/_6nsogsi_vo ), 
  too flaaaat !, 
  but ca n't that be modded too ? 
  i think if someone pays 125k for a corvette because it looks awesome this would be doable as well . 
  ( except you like the windshield of course ), 
  edit : well , would not be original parts then : /, 
  i have that syndrome too , it destroys me . 
  it 's instead of the son 's name, 
  all i want is black + kuro + 3 others , pleeeease, 
  this would be the time i 'd understand someone buying the razer naga not only for mmorpgs . 
  carry : wk - early dagger and snowball, 
  jungle ( greedy ) : natures prophet, 
  jungle ( supportive ) : chen, 
  support : visage, 
  and if i plan to purely roam it is mirana or bounty hunter . 
  meepo ult is even stronger if other heroes have less spells imo . 
  a new engine is an improved engine - and taking less resources is an improvement , so my guess is that you will need less power ( if graphics are unchanged , but i do n't think minimum requirements will rise ) . 
  as of now the source engine version of sota 2 has insanely short loading times when entering a game and also no lag when clicking `` enter battle '' . 
  only stuns or silence too ? 
  he still can hit for five !, 
  i really liked maleficent . 
  this fairytale-world has been animated insanely well , everything is sparkling ( or ultra-dark ), 
  it 's from a solid-ink-printer , which uses some kind of wax as color . 
  all i can imagine is it heats up the wax and after the printing is done it is still liquid so it drops down and then cools . 
  4000 points , triple gold !, 
  do you still believe in god ? 
  of course they can , if they have to walk towards each other first they are in range for suicide at the same time - or do i forget something here ? 
  have you tried a lobby ? 
  you can see if it is mode-specific or not this way, 
  so recruiting friends boosts mmr - a rewarding system !, 
  ca n't wait for him to stream with sing and arteezy, 
  has not been mentioned yet , but i really really hate ember . 
  i do n't like playing with him or against him , i do n't know if he is hard or not because he is the only hero i never legitimately tried playing . 
  i hate him . 
  add / r/liquor, 
  as i mostly watch streams on twitch for android , i think it 's fine as it is . 
  though i would love a camera window getting implemented into the game ( for viewers of `` streams '' but also during broadcasts ) !, 
  as he has not been mentioned yet : nature 's prophet !, 
  okay so many people here are saying stuff i just ca n't agree with . 
  if you just started playing dota2 , even if you transitioned , your mmr is very nice and you have good potential going 5.5 k ( which is when semi-professionalism starts ) . 
  pro players are around 6-7k ( 7k are very few people ) . 
  the initial starting-mmr you have is 3000 ( there was a console command with which you could see your hidden mmr during calibration games ) but this not the average because you do not get even points during your calobration phase ( else you 'd have started with an mmr of like 3250 ) . 
  also , the more players join the game , the more the mmr system `` inflates '' - new players are worse , so the mmr of older players will rise a bit at first . 
  with all this in mind my * guess * ( nobody can say it surely though ) would be between 3200 and 3500 ( also considering pages like dota2toplist.com has an average of 3.5-3 .7 k like pointed out in another commen - though inexperienced players and those who are generally not that much into the game will not register there , so this average has to be too high . ), 
  this is very nice of you , thanks for this giveaway !, 
  i 'd really love people being not so stuck onto specific roles because of that reason - it would make so awesome teams possible !, 
   in each dota match , each person wins/loses the same amount , that means the total mmr in the system stays the same . 
  when more players join , it adds more mmr to the system . 
   lets say you only have 2 people in dota . 
  if they both start at 3000 mmr the max mmr one guy can get is 6000 if he just takes all the other guys ' mmr . 
  if you add another player , the maximum mmr possible increases to 9000 % . 
  basically the % of mmr in the system that he owns stays the same , however the amount has increased because more was added to the system . 
  this is what is happening although no one has a 100 % winrate , these concepts still apply . 
  from another thread about mmr . 
  also , the mmr change during calibration are a lot higher and not tge usual ~ 25 points - it basically removes `` uncertainty '' depending on your enemies and if you win/lose against them . 
  in addition to other replies , you also can keep talking after the game ended which is cooler and keeps you and your mates in a nice mood i think . 
  i think it 's simply because na ` vi does not have a full official roster `` yet '' so they want to release everything on their own first . 
  they can swap around , black played a lot of mid and offlane with cis !, 
  if that team happened it would clearly be my all time favourite . 
  so should n't they rename to `` riot game '' ? 
  why is the blue/yellow part at the front , it would have made so much more sense if you had the clear part to see through ... 
  and , apparently , brain power too . 
  well , til . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  medaillon is actually an item i tend to overlook way too often !, 
  armlet is actually pretty nice i think , as it gives you both tankyness and damage for little gold . 
  i pointed out several times that i am aware of this being not the new game-breaking , ti5-winning meta to play , but instead a thing i do for fun and really want to see working because it does not make sense at the first look . 
  i want to do this in unranked games when i mess around with my friends . 
  there are people who play 5-dagon-matchups and i am sure there are better item compositions , too . 
  `` i failed and we went double or nothing ! '', 
  the shape is nice , but i was hoping to find a mouse with less buttons - maybe from otger manufacturers . 
  i do n't play mmorpg 's but moba 's and shooters ( a bit ) so i need fewer thumb buttons which i can quickly reach when i panic ... if i do n't find one i think the g600 is the one to get , i will eventually get used to it i hope . 
  oh wow , i did not expect you answering yourself !, 
  thanks , i will look into them !, 
  learning . 
  got exams for the next few weeks since monday and i played 2 fucking games of dota the past 3 weeks - so please release that hero in time so i can skip that phase !, 
  the ones that were your fault alone - and you know it . 
  `` pheeew i survived that fight , let me farm this camp before healing '' - bloodseeker lasthits you . 
  then buy gold , that 's the next step to an upvote !, 
  he actually is 13 . 
  their own team ( not confirmed ), 
  * era, 
  * xcalibur, 
  * blackjack, 
  `` base '' in germany : http://www.shisha-deal.com/bilder/produkte/gross/zeala-ba4l_body-base-gross-fuer-aladin-evolution-l-shishas-4-schlauch.jpg, 
  okay , where can i get that version of my heart will go on ? 
  i 'd like to see something that while crushed , his bash deals double damage ( like boid 's in chrono ) - or while amplified or something like that . 
  or maybe let him get bonus attack speed on amplified units ( while sprinting ? ), 
  there are many nice wayd that he can be buffed without making him broken . 
  ofc my.changes would not make him a more viable offlaner , but better as carry/roamer/mid . 
  i finally got gta 4 in the summer sale and i ca n't wait for the fifth part - which is obviously very expensive . 
  also , thanks for this giveaway !, 
  bulldog - which hero is working on the offlane surprisingly well that is not a typical offlaner ?
