  ... how do i secure it against ddos attacks ? 
  i see no other reason for this to happen , ddos is ruining my reddit experience, 
  i really searched for it but could not find any option !, 
  first of all , it comes with the fcku ( thanks , you too ) bowl and costs only 29.90 $ ( 36,41 $ ) which is pretty cheap . 
  i can only tell you guys what i see and unfortunately not compare it to the lotus , because i simply never have seen another lotus-like head in real life before . 
  the bowl : it looks pretty solid , just like the harmony , has a few spots of `` dirt '' on it . 
  the fireflower itself : it smelled a bit like machine oil , which should be burnt out with some coals before smoking the first time i guess . 
  it does not perfectly fit the bowl ( which is normal , i guess ? ), 
  but should not fall off without being forced to , which seems okay . 
  the design is pretty nice i think , but it lacks a silicone grip for the small handle ( you will not be able to touch it by hand ) . 
  what really annoys me is the fact that it already looks `` used '' when it arrived - there are scratches all over it !, 
  sneaky edit : it was told that the big difference between this and the lotus ( apart from the design ) would be the grid pattern where the coal lies on - so it would get oxigen at the bottom too and thus be on at all six sides - nope , that does not work . 
  because of me not having seen a lotus yet , i obviously did not smoke with one yet , but i do n't think the smoking experience will differ too much . 
  conclusion : what you pay for is what you get , as an entry into smoking with these kinds of setup it seems very fairly priced and also looks pretty cool . 
  the quality of the product seems to be matching the price though - however you are definately not being ripped off for that kind of money . 
  pictures of it :, 
  pretty annoying , had to walk with my friend 's ring of regen :(, 
  i want to get myself a 4k-monitor soon because 1080p ist just too low ( take that , peasants ) . 
  i have an intel core i7 860 ( 4x 2.8 ghz ) , and a gtx 760 4gb so i guess even though my cpu is not the strongest , i should be able to play stuff at this resolution i guess ? 
  if so , what 4k monitors are worth buying ? 
  what 's especially important to me is that it has bright colors , which unfortunately you can not see when shopping online - and i plan to stick at the bottom to middle end of pricing . 
  any input would be highly appreciated !, 
  many pros do n't have their visual settings maxed out , i assume this is to have less confusing stuff flying around your screen . 
  my question now is : what settings do they use ? 
  it started randomly rebooting a few days ago , but once it `` stabilized '' it was running for some hours straight . 
  i 'm not sure but i think one of my screens was flickering before the last reboot , so it might be my graphics card ( which is quite new actually ) ? 
  my specs :, 
  cpu : intel i7 860, 
  gpu : zotac gtx 760 4gb, 
  hdds : seagate barracuda 2tb and samsung evo 850 120gb, 
  ram : kingston , no idea about the model ( 8gb ), 
  power supply : chieftec cft-600-14cs, 
  i ca n't force the issue , so how do i find out what is broken ? 
  glad about any input !, 
  the pro scene is currently split , as you have teams that have a coach and those who do n't . 
  when you look at other sports , coaches are actually even more important as they can watch the game from another perspective and make calls in real-time . 
  so what if dota had the same feature ? 
  like a slot in the team for coaches who then can spectate the game and even draft ? 
  that would be an advantage for those teams currently having a coach of course , but as time passes every team would have adapted towards that , i guess game quality in pro matches would be even higher ( and retiring players still can have high impact in dota games ) . 
  i want a simple-looking grey-metallic watch ( living in germany ) but i have yet to find one . 
  should not be too expensive , but every input is welcome !, 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ hope ^ ^ this ^ ^ is ^ ^ the ^ ^ correct ^ ^ way ^ ^ to ^ ^ post ^ ^ that , ^ ^ am ^ ^ new ^ ^ to ^ ^ this ^ ^ sub, 
  as there was a recent post about polarized sunglasses making a rainbow visible , i remembered an old question of mine - does polarization actually provide anything useful or is it just a marketing gag ? 
  hi guys , with the recent rise of the ancients farming necro in / r/dota2 , that strat gets more and more known - just like jungle terrorblade some time ago . 
  now i wonder - are there other strats like that which have not yet been discovered from most players ? 
  we 've all seen matches that were boring as fuck - so here it comes : the bounty kill . 
  whenever there 's been no kill for x minutes ( 5 ? 
  ) , the next kill will give bonus bounty , similar to first blood , maybe based on game time like the bounty rune - watch ward wars become even more thrilling and your support become paranoid !, 
  so i am in the middle of season 2 and since the beginning i have wondered what it is that makes frank be without any regret to achieve his goal . 
  he manipulates , lies , kills to become president , but what would he finally get ? 
  `` heh , i did it - and now ? '', 
  there seems to be no higher source of motivation other that just the achievement itself . 
  what have i missed ? 
  i read a lot of stuff in the news subs about politicians saying this and that , and it looks to me like all the candidates are ... well , assholes . 
  who are they , are they as awful as it seems , what are their chances ? 
  non-biased answers would be appreciated , though i think it 's hard to stay so , 
  so , as this sub shifts more and more into `` kky is an asshole because zai said so '' , `` dae russians cyka '' , `` biblethump kappa no kappa '' and `` look what my mmr looks like '' i want to know , are there good alternatives ? 
  what i definately will look into is dotasource ( seems pretty active and i am german ) and the sub that is sadly pretty underused . 
  thanks for your input !, 
  as title says , i have steam on autostart but want it to always open my friends list , too . 
  is there such feature , am i dumb ? 
  thanks in advance brothers and sisters !, 
  this made my game crash twice now when the accept button was supposed to appear , resulting in a 30 minutes timeout - next time it will be 24 hours i assume - which fucking sucks . 
  also , feel free to do such thing right here :d, 
  i have searched a lot , and all i found were some older , rooted versions of android . 
  where can i find a normal one ? 
  they finally work again on my galaxy s3 lte - now reddit is truly fun again !, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ that one ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/a/aa/nature's_prophet.png?version=53aea750ccdf3b838f9b1a15f7a2c043 ) but larger !, 
  dota 2 has an option to select device , so i have dota on my headphones plugged into my logitech keyboard with a built-in soundcard , but i have not found this in cs yet - is there maybe a console command or an autoexec or anything ? 
  could not find anything via google ... help would be appreciated , 
  if you search for about 10 minutes you dont want to start all over again , so could we just add another region ? 
  as the title says - the video was very short and i need it !, 
  [ removed ], 
  as title says , my bluetooth audio stutters permanently , i have not yet foubd any working fix via google . 
  if someone could help that would be much appreciated !, 
  college-football . 
  [ removed ], 
  i need to get it figured out , but did n't get a place in my university 's courses - so , are there any online tutorials that teach me the basics ? 
  i study in germany , so english or german tutorials would great . 
  thanks in advance guys !, 
  they get printed in case the team wins so they can show it off right after the match , but what if they lose ? 
  are they just thrown in the trash ( so you could possibly find one ) , burned , or even given to the players anyways ? 
  i started playing american football a few weeks ago ( after switching from handball ) and could not find a subreddit for general talk that does not belong to / r/nfl . 
  [ removed ], 
  there is n't even a message like the usual '' ( party ) : stopped finding match . '', 
  - it just stops searching . 
  after this disaster of a major , financed with our money - i think letting us keep the winter terrain would be a nice little apology . 
  is it memes about `` n '' ? 
  most posts do n't seem to make the slightest bit of sense - what is going on there ? 
  i hate it being that bright , but searching the internet i only found `` skins '' that consist of pictures slapped into the panels . 
  are there any decent ones ? 
  wow, 
  hi , i want to build the typical vu-meter using an arduino uno , but instead of the leds i want the outputs to control transistors , which power small led strips each . 
  these however run on 12v - which leads me to my questions : should i power the leds with an extra source or should i power the uno with 12v and use this ? 
  if i power the strips with an extra source , how should i ground them , as the grounding would be both the strips ' and of the transistors , so also my output pins ? 
  and just to male sure i do n't fry my pins : what resistance should i put before the transistors ? 
  this is confusing me !, 
  hello - i am very confused . 
  i built a vu-meter and used transistors to power extra , stronger leds .
