  derby !, 
  void because chrono . 
  favourite thing ? 
  definately the active pro scene !, 
  thanks for the giveaway dude !, 
  i 'd tell my reddit-friends to come here ... if i had some :[, 
  that does not have anything to do with `` literally '' . 
  use `` actually '' instead . 
  i did not downvote you  just waneted to show a bette possibility ( evn if i sounded a bit douchy ), 
  i 'd love to be able to say `` i said good day sir '' in the orginal voice :(, 
  this is thr first submission to this sub that i think i could actually afford . 
  white cat - i lost :(, 
  1 ) mad-matt, 
  3 ) anything as long as i do n't have to carry . 
  4 ) no but i appreciate this joke . 
  mousesports !, 
  nice collection , 
  yes , you only have to make sure that there is always enough water in the engine !, 
  you also can play the sickest mindgames with lina . 
  just running away from enemies will make many people chase you like they got insane - bitz , laguna blade !, 
  shadow shaman ultimate makes veno very jelly . 
  voltorb !, 
  playing handball, 
  ( sorry , i am in a rush ), 
  the hat reminds me too much of toad - the rest is pretty neat !, 
  so ... how do you call the feeling when you are not thirsty anymore ? 
  so this exists in english ... i am german and never heard of a word for it - possibly because we have nothing to translate it from, 
  bots that named themselves in a human way !, 
  as the one who made the first crash , i would appreciate this !, 
  typical -300 net worth, 
  `` khzzzzzzz . . '', 
  when i think about it once more ... why did i not write this ? 
  671 - i like this version of a giveaway , 
  did you mean ... `` wiiner '' ? 
  now make this a cosmetic hair for am !, 
  it was about time . 
  thank you !, 
  joined !, 
  everybody feel free to add me , i play on eu west ( eu east ping is also ok , have n't troed the others yet ) !, 
  but honestly , a player card for a lvlup just sucks . 
  had that happen to me too . 
  my try at it . 
  this could be . 
  why does it not appear when dropping though ? 
  as this comment was a bit below the others and forgot the context again - it made me think `` now that is expensive for such a car ! '', 
  he respawns at half hp already . 
  double-bot . 
  yours is apparently a * strange * one ... 
  i think this is what we need more - happiness after winning a tournament . 
  most players come onto stage and look like they have just been robbed and beaten up . 
  671 - as i live in a different time zone i do n't know if it is your birthday yet but - happy birthday !, 
  zombie driver hd !, 
  thanks , 
  this is one of thise things that are so hilarious that they get badass again . 
  i love this idea . 
  cliff jungling np ? 
  [ i think this is somehow relevant ] ( http://jenkakio.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/antonio_garay_the_nose_tackle_who_drives_a_hello_kitty_smart_car.jpg ), 
  ... i know , i wanted to make the worst team :d, 
  well , at least this is far easier than claiming the positive one ... 
  i * knew * it would come somewhere in the comnents ... 
  there !!!, 
  a full beer !, 
  `` waaait for it ... waaaaaaaaait for it ... wtf is this ? '', 
  tried it , my cannabis is still illegal, 
  you fogot the most important one : pudge now has 1 arm less . 
  first caster i watched and still my favourite - happy birthday !, 
  are the re-bought bkbs included ? 
  ssshhhhhh, 
  op reported , enjoy ur mute douchebag, 
  waaaaaat !, 
  i actually prefer browsing reddit with it instead of with my pc . 
  here , take my karma instead ; _ ;, 
  i think each attendant deserves his chest . 
  this is because you target the fountain area , which is ( most of the times ) further away than max dagger range . 
  blink over max range --  only 960 range for ya !, 
  should be back again now !, 
  at least i am in :d, 
  is it lower or higher ? 
  this would really screw up some pro players who are used to the one at the moment . 
  they 'd need more time to feel confident with it again i think . 
  nature 's prophet , shadow demon , visage !, 
  wow , this was more than i expected - thank you !, 
  as i am a person who uses veeeery long sentences when writing , the first thing i noticed is that you have mostly short ones one after another . 
  i 'm not so sure though if i had noticed this if i was n't told to criticize !, 
  they are just troelling . 
  od 's ult has a pretty long cd, 
  ... but he is a big ulti hero with long cd , is n't he ? 
  sorry mate - but playing is still the best part about dota !, 
  qojqva !, 
  oooh , i need this so much . 
  thanks . 
  was n't there something about no sponsors allowed at ti3 or am i talking bullshit ? 
  okay , so this was not a screenshot ... a lot of confusion just got solved for me . 
  `` so ... apparently i just have been out of position and got smashed by four enemies . '', 
  just to add : it was always `` h4xityd0taxxx '' , with x being numbers - last time i saw him it was about 140 if i remember correctly . 
  * literally *, 
  quick , get him in your team !, 
  mirror 's edge !, 
  i am pretty sure he does not have that banner because of the ingame cosmetics . 
  there 's still pink for him .
