still expensive as fuck . 
  i think he just met some afroamericans . . 
  am i the only one who wonders why the cigar is on top and the sombrero at the bottom ? 
  this is against all nature !, 
  bloody finger incoming !!, 
  another proof that it is more likely to ruin ur brain ... 
  as plants are not human , there is none . 
  she actually has 3 brothers who look exactly the same but almost twice as tall :d always weird to see them , 
  just dont annoy others with your lack of faith as you wish them not to annoy you with their faith ffs, 
  why do you guys all win something and i never did ? 
  edit : material stuff . 
  first pics let me think you accidentally typed illusions instead of `` tits '', 
  yeah cause it is totally ... a key . 
  wrong - she 's not naked . 
  boobs on their back !, 
  and this while being ugly as fuck !, 
  is n't that awesome ? 
  now , the time has come to move out . 
  reminds me of an extremely overheated computer chip !, 
  even though it is quite hard to push khakis in there !, 
  i dont know but i think ... i would maybe wear it . 
  it is kinda fun . 
  is this true ? 
  i think you can use `` had '' after fukushima . 
  first thought : wtf the picture is taken from the wrong side !, 
  ooooh i hate her so much for the way she looks . 
  it 's been fucking a goodyear . 
  fixed, 
  i read all of this with a singing voice , 
  if everyone starts driving at the same moment again , it will help !, 
  this looks a lot like the content of the box of firework that i bought, 
  wick energy drops and rockstar energy cola !, 
  colored pants . 
  expected a pic of someone being duct-taped to the ceiling :(, 
  he was pissing . 
  he was getting it . 
  7 $ were a lot those times, 
  you 're wrong , this was america . 
  lets get tons of beer and have a shower party !, 
  thank you so much , now i know what i had done wrong ... not talking about the cougar !, 
  my gf is too small for standing doggy so for me shower sex sucks ... somehow literally, 
  especially hangover 2 - the storyline felt old as fuck , just like you expect it from a sequel of a sequel to the sequel, 
  wow , that answer was necessary !, 
  so it will , if the mods think so , too . 
  i am no mad at all , but if you can say that after 14 words of me , respect to your psychologic abilities !, 
  it was just a question i was actually interested in , so i posted it . 
  oh lord - would be nice to hear your definition of `` mad '' though, 
  but now i will go and chop some wood and kill some squirrels , to let off my frust of being down-voted so hardly . 
  i am so mad bro !!, 
  as a person who is not a native english speaker : what is that actually used for ? 
  i will not vote on this post so i can avoid doing what you really want us to vote for . 
  i am so bad !, 
  i dont believe this !, 
  ever tried only drinking a few ? 
  or are you somehow `` beer-intolerant '' ? 
  we deal in our daily life with negative numbers - temperature can go blow zero , also the amount of money you have . 
  jobs are awesome products . 
  if they were n't that expensive , everyone would have one , trust me . 
  i know , i know - was not meant to offend anyone . 
  was also not meant to focus on the money aspect , just the jobs as `` products '' thing . 
  i really like the robot !, 
  4chan would have made sure that hitler makes it, 
  i think i will get one . 
  the i-helicopter for 25 $ - you can control it with your phone and it looks like fun . 
  3003 seats is quite a number !, 
  is it harder to concentrate in there ? 
  while i do n't really like the car design and i totally can not tell how it drives - i am happy for you to get it back !, 
  the car definately has character and you seem like the perfect owner of such a car . 
  is there a possibility to change the dock icons without getting a launcher ? 
  for the rest of the icons i use desktopvisualizer buz as it is a widget this does n't work for the dock . 
  i think they worked a little on that in the last weeks - they made the app closer tonthe original page and i really have the feeling that it loads a bit faster . 
  edit : sorry , overread that one . 
  what about the new kia cee 'd sw ? 
  good price and good looking ( imho ) . 
  the sw versio . 
  should be about the same size like an eurpoean golf variant , which is sold in the us as jetta if i remember it correctly, 
  hm okay , i thought it was available . 
  you can try and check out the hyundai i30 `` version-with-a-trunk '' ( i do n't really know what it is called ) which is basically the same car and still looks nice , even though i do n't think it is available yet in the us . 
  so there actually is dislike in facebook ... just not optional, 
  first thought : why the fuck is the second heart so crippled ?!, 
  took me a while to get it . 
  you can cut off the nipples - easy choice !, 
  this is not . 
  vampire girl vs. frankenstein girl . 
  you think it can not get worse and more fucked up - but it really does . 
  and it does about 30 times . 
  first time i ever was speechless because of a movie, 
  i will show this my friend and tell him to find the birds ... he can not see green/red differences . 
  while it often was told that the team was `` too young '' for a big success and there are no `` leading personalities '' i think this actually might be kind of a chance . 
  they are really motivated and bring new spirit to german handball which the other teams do n't know and also they all fight like hell but insted for any `` leader '' for themselves and the whole team to win . 
  this causes no dependance of individual players and often causes suprises in matches like today . 
  if they keep as concentrated as today , they can make a great tournament . 
  that de-escalared quickly . 
  exhaust like a rocket launcher - insane !, 
  actually looks more than one and a half bottles, 
  we went on a study trip to hamburg and in the red light quarter there was a 1 $ - bar . 
  hell yeah , that was the best bar i have ever been in - totally full of people ( who all were surprisingly nice ) even though it was wednesday . 
  i still think every town need one of these - but i guess there would be too many douches going there . 
  dunno why it worked at hamburg . 
  therefor , wisconsin had to be in germany ... sorry dude .
