  i 've heard that you will get better quality out of it - and it is simply cheaper . 
  makerbot replicator - my father would get makerbots through work for special conditions , though i have not found much about them on here - is it because they suck ? 
  or are they just pricey ? 
  at what price should i consider a 5th / 6th gen makerbot ? 
  flashforge creator pro / qidi tech i - what are the differences between these ? 
  is the cheaper one still safe ? 
  ultimaker original - it seems to print very high quality , but does that still apply as a kit ? 
  wall of text ends soon , i hope somebody can give me a bit of an advice about which ones to consider and which ones to ditch . 
  thanks a lot in advance !, 
  thank you , i guess that will be it  is there anything i should immediately upgrade or consider when getting the mk2s ? 
  thanks a lot , that sounds great , 
  so , as my flair says :, 
  i 'm `` rocking '' a build from 2008 which is one hell of a timespan !, 
  it was an absolute beast back then , havibg a, 
  - gtx 285, 
  -8 gb of ddr3, 
  -2 tb of storage, 
  since then i upgraded to a gtx 760 and added a ssd . 
  also , i pushed my 865 to a whopping 3.8 ghz :d however , the rig 's time has absolutely come , with it not beibg able to hold up to current expectations and the motherboard slowly dying . 
  `` was ? '', 
  `` was ? '', 
  `` f ** k '' means `` fuck '' , a swear word we use on the internet, 
  i just looked up the cost of one new carrier - it cost every us-citizen around $ 40 , without r&d . it irritates me how that nation can discuss stuff like obamacare while pumping so much into its military ( keep in mind that that is only the cost to build one carrier ) . 
  woah , we 're rig brothers !, 
  great giveaway , i 'm in !, 
  manta - it 's the fucking manta from unreal tournament , it hovers , can bounce and crush shit with its blades yo, 
  super , danke !, 
  well , would that apply to a i3 mk2s ? 
  just ordered mine :d, 
  living in germany , it starts at 1:30 am for me ... is there any place i can watch more than a 3 minute highlight reel tomorrow ? 
  why the fuck do you people get downvoted for having a different taste lol, 
  this t-shirt is one of my favorites :, 
  aah , bob `` six fingers '' miller is on the road again !, 
  southern germany , in a city . 
  holy shit , what are the odds ?!, 
  are you the ten finger guy ? 
  told my friend the same ( not my car fortunately ) !, 
  well , whoopsie !, 
  let 's think again , if those qualify as part of `` everyone '', 
  what the actual fuck, 
  it 's the antilock braking system and airbag iirc, 
  good packaging though , a lot of plastic around !, 
  i 'm fine , i have plenty of nice haribo stuff at home , 
  current status :, 
  hoping to finisg it tomorrow !, 
  my y-axis seems to be a bit hard to move though , but loosening the bearing screws will make the bearings being able to move ... let 's see how it plays out !, 
  the ones that hold the u-shapes which hold the bearings !, 
  i am , i live in germany :d, 
  it was real fun - i was digging lego technic as a kid and just got remindef of building up stuff under the christmas tree :d, 
  i mean you could order kits , assemble them , print transportation supports with them and then sell them for lower than prusa 's assembled ones !, 
  freshly built prusa i3 mk2s , using cura with .15 mm height and default settings . 
  thanks , must be the temps then, 
  was 10 lower than a good test print, 
  7910 - amazing !, 
  oder halt `` end of '', 
  thanks ... 
  so i turn my multiplier and print some more cubes i guess !, 
  text, 
  krank, 
  i actually used these :, 
  would you mind sharing the stl ? 
  i have two frisbee-freaks as besties and i am sure they would love that !, 
  they do n't have a club , so either your original or without logos would be amazing , 
  you could upload to thingyverse and see if somebody else can need it !, 
  or just share a dropbox link ( if you use it ) - i will , after i finished tweaking my printer :d, 
  awesome , will contact you when it 's done , 
  ... that might have been the mistake lol, 
  yeah , that pasta is what was lying at my plate after 33 minutes, 
  that 's ... 
  surprisingly recognizable !, 
  they 're * dynamic * !, 
  edit :, 
  that 's like the exact opposite of what i would have expected, 
  does it appear when you turn down print speed ? 
  thanks a lot for asking this , i had no idea !, 
  does anybody know what nozzle would be good for my prusa i3 mk2s ? 
  i live in germany and prusa 's is out of stock . 
  always liked kaaya , hope he develops well !, 
  all the best to you , and thanks for spreading love as lomg as you can !, 
  it still amazes me every day , how a company like facebook can have such a shitty developed app . 
  it 's also upgradeable . 
  ... zur identifikation, 
  what injury did he actually have ? 
  would be interesting to see the winrates of these team 's last 4 games of those seasons, 
  in my opinion , the / s ruins the fun, 
  oh yes , sorry - i first noticed it in cs : go and could recreate it with both dota 2 and gta 5 online . 
  the witcher 3 was feeling like playing with 14 fps but showed me ~ 40-42 . 
  gta 5 single player is in slow-motion , just as playing with bots in cs : go . 
  frame rates seem not to have dropped in any of these games . 
  huppala , hier : https://de.pcpartpicker.com/list/nwsjkz, 
  what is the filamemt guide actually good for ? 
  want to upgrade my mk2s too but i do n't see the use here, 
  pretty sure that it works on every print , because i did use neither of them . 
  maybe added in an update . 
  only problem with food is iirc that you may have pores on your print in which bacteria can grow with the time . 
  so for one-use stuff it should be fine . 
  tried it without the raft ? 
  what are your temps ? 
  also check if your nozzle is too far away for the first layer, 
  fitnessstudio , american football , zocken , 3d-drucken , musik , netflix , bier,
