  great !, 
   btw i just checked , you can directly trade those items . 
   a strange dagon for kills . 
  this would be so awesome and yet so terrible, 
  or just like highest cs/min or gpm ( looking at you , np ), 
  blueheart tails , tge cm heir from the frostivus chest . 
  they are the cutest thing dota can ever get . 
  i 'd say as initiation ds and/or mag . 
  for the dmg afterwards i really like sven ( especially with empower ) - at this point , the enemies should be quite dead already . 
  but if you want to overkill , get disruptor to keep them locked . 
  now the only thing left is a mid hero so i 'd take sf for even more aoe ultinates !, 
  edit : forget that sf , we have mag mid and i forgot about enigma as 5th . 
  this is a post, 
  pleeease make a gif of cutting a paper with them slowly and post it to / r/oddlysatisfying . 
  and pm me a link . 
  but ... lazyness dude, 
  this is actally a thing i would consider doing myself because it works and is quite funny . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  as someone who does not speak english natively the second meaning did not come to my mind at all . 
  i have no idea where you guys take that xbox playing one from , bzt the rest is correct !, 
  sorry , i know that an y does not come mid-word . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker and actually thought that this word looked weird . 
  everytime i have an insightful post in my mind , someone already posted it ... looks like i am quicker and more creative with jokes !, 
  aaah , now i see . 
  yeah i forgot to say in the title that this was not my own picture so i commented that post . 
  you look like someone who does fighting-sports . 
  not to offend you but your face looks a bit aggressive ( could just be because your eyes do n't match the slight grin you make ) but i guess you are still a nice guy to hang out with . 
  edit : i looked at your post history and apparently your nose was broken - guess that 's what made me think this without realizing it :d, 
  would have been awesome , too - you could place them !, 
  spirit breaker ultimate : bring back the old cast point ( not able to cancel ) and lower cd , remove damage . 
  instructions unclear , dick stuck in gold, 
  this will destroy his hand finally . 
  now fuck the nsa , you know the real shit !, 
  you just relaxed so many porn watchers far more than any video ever will . 
  so ... you counter the counter ? 
  have n't thought that far yet . 
  op , can you tell me how long a cigarette should have been out before i can throw it away safely ? 
  i am a bit paranoid about stuff like this so i always hold the ashtray under the water before throwing it into the trash ( which gets quite gross inside after a while then . ), 
  thank you !, 
  i was so hoping that the link would be this video . 
  i still remember how i freaked out over that goal as a kid . 
  i 'd swap craggy as it stops your counter helix and return from proccing and get intiation instead . 
  ca n't start one if you 're stunned right ? 
  faceless void 's timebreaker , an immortal item . 
  as these items are not unusual or something i suggest looking through the community market . 
  20 is the border , he is on the `` sad '' side of it - so still sad , yes . 
  yeah i thought of it once more too and came to the conclusion that 15 would be a more realistic border . 
  i think the spin you mentioned is the big mistake you make . 
  you should try to focus on throwing a straight ball even with glue and if you master that , it will become much easier . 
  great games !, 
  i play my roles because all roles are fun !, 
  i play my roles because all roles are fun !, 
  do n't worry , most germans do so, 
  i think if you play against a no-lockdown-trilane you can do well with almost each hero . 
  i see this as a decent emergency decision in all random though . 
  lifehack : buying cheap stuff costs less !, 
  ^ ( i know this may not even be the case ), 
  is the shell in the middle filled with nougat ? 
  if yes - i looove these !, 
  thanks for the giveaway , 
  la-ola wave !, 
  you have to line them up yourself for maximum pleasure, 
  i think you can shave yourself with this car ... looks so * sharp *, 
  i should make a backup ... 
  pudge hook too ? 
  pudge hook too ? 
  most of the times i guess no :(, 
  because of this , nobody purges with aba or legion, 
  ooooh , how could i miss this : <, 
  i think synchronised vods would be so awesome ( saw this for a hearthstone arena-match once ), 
  ... with an extra mid rank, 
  i think the biggest increase in players in absolute numbers has yet to come with the implementation of fun maps ( i hope they come ) . 
  so many people still enjoy wc3 maps that i really think this might be a reason to get dota 2 . 
  this is true i think but nevertheless that brood was just too dumb to select the spiderlings . 
  seriously this was a super-awesome vid . 
  i love the intro and i completely lost my shit at sandstorm, 
  this looks like from `` faceless void goes farming '', 
  this, 
  lol guise , icefrog did it again - he literally changed another heroe 's base armor !!!!, 
  dude , there 's a video of ogre magi standing next to the ogre camp and he pwnz an enemy hero because he did n't get it !, 
  reddit mobile !, 
  ... dick stuck in fi - fuck it . 
  this is super-awesome and literally the only thing i was waiting for years to happen . 
  thank you guys so much for working with justine again !, 
  you look like a teacher , but i have no idea why . 
  if you actualy are one , you are the kind of teacher that talks about stuff on the news and also joke a bit with your students but always make sure the students learn much in your classes . 
  wow , i would not have expected to be right with this !, 
  to be honest , the way you look at the camera reminds me of a former teacher of mine ( who does not look like you at all , but still ), 
  better call saul is a prequel to bb , so mike being dead is irrelevant, 
  are there sites where i can translate card names ? 
  i use the german client and looking everything up for this site is kind of a hassle : s, 
  oh god thank you , how could i miss that, 
  i even have a 285 - i feel so * humble *, 
  but seriously , i think it will be fine for at least another two years , never had problems . 
  this gif went from beautiful to terrible so quickly ... 
  i think pablo pineda is the person you are looking for . 
  he has down syndrome but yet graduated from university . 
  the question now is , would he be even more of a `` genius '' without his disability , but i think you can not just `` test '' this . 
  oh god ... i thought the title of the sub itself was more like `` do not post stupid questions ! '', 
  - makes more sense now .
