  never heard of the monster type `` meatballs '' ... 
  no matter how i turn my phone , she keeps looking at me - mona lisa is nothing against that, 
  yeah i thought of that , too . 
  i am currently at lvl 61 , so with time this will change and i maybe even will get an advantage of not using the same heroes as everybody else does, 
  your ... your belly ? 
  i think we have come to a point when we shoukd rename the graphics `` cards '' . 
  like graphics box . 
  seriously , that thing is massive, 
  well , that part seems rather simple now, 
  ... c'mon , we do n't even have 4gs yet !, 
  well , my semester started 2 months ago and i am not sure if i am happy about that ... 
  i study in germany , and i think things are going pretty differently here !, 
  i also approach exams differently i think - at this time of the semester i work least and i visit almost no lectures ( except for labs etc. ), 
  because simply listening does not give me anything . 
  but yes , times will get harder and i definately want to start learning for exams earlier this time ( most exams so far went quite well , but i 'd like to reduce the stress  ), 
  i definately want to get to learning earlier this time , too !, 
  i am german but had good english teachers and played a lot of comouter games during school time which helped me learn english pretty easily ( so at least that time was not completely wasted , hu ), 
  i fucking love winter - i mean it 's annoying and not making life easier when there 's snow everywhere but look at it !, 
  too bad there has not been a period of snow longer than a week where i live . 
  however , i love this sub . 
  and winter . 
  `` my father died - aww yiss muh karma '', 
  a quick summary or a link would have been nice , not everbody here is into the league scene ( fortunately ? 
  another proof that all you have to do is make something * look * correct, 
  but with my suggestion you 'd be able to see for yourself , without any activity from teammates required - e.g. 
  as dazzle you know who to grave, 
  or this is not needed anymore . 
  yes but it does not remain in your inventory after usage, 
  also ( mildly ) interesting is that it 's specifically mountain dew instead of just plastic bottles !, 
  it was annoying , even before the circlejerk around it started - but other than that his casting was pretty good i think, 
  can you random private subreddits ? 
   also , he should spend less time in the gym and more time behind the computer, 
  did you even think about what you were about to post , dude ? 
  okay , please do so . 
  `` hello police ? 
  i 'd like to report a case of someone-said-this-kid-looks-punchable - yes , please use weapons '', 
  time to open / r/retiredcombinedgif , it ca n't get any better, 
  jokes on you , the video is not available for germans - we are rick-proof !, 
  you should check the car 's brand subreddit , some of those are really helpful, 
  if the enemy team consists of more than 2 melee cores and offlane is already taken , then i take a jungling axe and get a quick blink and then hunt them . 
  but offlane axe is still way superiour in my opinion ( in both situations max helix first then his taunt , i forgot the name ) . 
  jpegs can move ? 
  ha , counter-nazi 'd, 
  but does n't the ending determine what kind of file it is ? 
  i am confused, 
  gosus do, 
  ... i already accepted my tablet to be broken . 
  thanks for pointing it out, 
  that 's because it is still autumn . 
  but do n't worry , spring will come soon !, 
  and then autumn ... and then spring ... 
  what if our reactions are the true offbeat ? 
  this reason is why i can not understand bulldog 's decision of not playing with the team while using standins - they struggle hard finding players who fit them and he is not even present during that search ? 
  this seems rather weird to me . 
  the lipton chai is super-tasty !, 
  in this game i realized how strong refresher on void really is ( and how fucking confusing manta on all 3 enemy cores can be ) . 
  also shoutout to that skywrath , he kept us in the game during the whole early and mid !, 
  normal-sized cubes , yes !, 
  let me measure that :p, 
  whole thing diameter : 7,3 cm ( 2.8 '' if i did not mess up ), 
  where-the-coal-comes-in-diameter : 6,3 cm ( 2.5 '' says google ), 
  so i just post it here and people vote ? 
  edit : i did n't notice the christmas-related-thing , sorry !, 
  yep , just now !, 
  smoke is amazing , coals last very long - i do n't think you will ever need three of them . 
  however the tobacco does dry pretty quickly , but that might just be me not being familiar with how to pack these heads yet . 
  i did not smoke that much with it yet , but the vents completely open seems just about right for the kinds of tobacco i smoked with it yet . 
  closed is too much though . 
  hotshot rt - definately nope . 
  the cuts through which the hot air enters the bowl are blocked by the bowl itself . 
  if you meant the powerbowl rt - i have not tried it yet , but it seems to at least be possible - though it sits loose on it . 
  i am pretty active i the german hookah scene and i speak out of experience : do not get the nps . 
  i have one myself , and they were the first ones to set high quality standards , but if you want to enter that price range , get a ths predator . 
  that thing is unbeatable in quality for that price - maybe only by the mig which is quite expensive . 
  the kaya inox is a great pipe , too , but not as nice as the predator - it 's a question of how much you want to spend . 
  kinimod is even better , but quite expensive - in that price range i would recommend the mig - that is pretty much the best thing you can get here right now . 
  i did not get much into detail right here , if you are interested in my opinion onto those hookahs - feel free to ask !, 
  dschinni offers a great smoke for few bucks , but time will tell you that the quality is not the best . 
  great cast anyway !, 
  al fakher cola tasted like vinegar - totally weird stuff . 
  rest of al fakher is awesome though, 
  this is the kind of stuff i would plaster everything with , but then my girlfriend would probably dump me - i think she is jealous of me loving our lord , too . 
  that 's a very sweet gift - i wish i 'd have known about stuff like this before christmas :d, 
  to the mun !, 
  well , that was unexpected twice . 
  i started watching `` audiocasts '' from daarkside ( german caster at that time ) back in wc3 - i remember t_t and mym as big names from back then , but nothing specific - i might look if i can find the files and look for the oldest one , 
  it does show failed attacks prevented by this company and nothing more , it has nothing to do with dota . 
  i love the youtubechannel thehardstyleznl . 
  they just seem to have a good overview, 
  people still think memes equal upvotes, 
  together we stand !, 
  for me personally , c9 's roster got extremely more likeable with the past changes . 
  but did n't you hear it ? 
  lol fits better for casuals , while dota2 is more suitable amd pleasing to someone who is willing to commit more time to the game . 
  both games deserve their spot in the scene and that sub is actually filled with ex-lol players circlejerking about their old game ( which of course is inferiour to dota2  ), 
  not sure if i get what you are looking for , but / r/rbi might be it, 
  those house shoes are the bomb . 
  that stat looks pretty terrific . 
  i 've seen him flame in one sentence in one match , i 'm sure that is excusable . 
  he was a flamelord in dota1 , but hell , even merlini was .
