  also , if you manage a comeback , it is the most fun !, 
  at the same time necro is great at making your team focus people down . 
  that thing blasts the dust away !, 
  of course they will , without a ticket or anything, 
  sneaky nyx assassins , north american rejects and team liquid are ( of course only in my opinion ) the top ones to watch . 
  edit : ehug are also not that bad !, 
  i asked tobi via pm , i doubt he will answer it but it 's worth a try !, 
  alliance , because it would be a hell of a surprise . 
  i do n't think they deserve it at their current state but i hope that the new patch fits them better . 
  in case i win i 'd give it to a mate of mine who ca n't afford it , 
  they play chen mid ? 
  or did they switch roles ? 
  a mate of mine tried a bit of dota 2 after selling his lol account , first thing he told me was how awesome the sound was . 
  if you pay attention to it , you actually notice how well it was made !, 
  why are the statues mirrored ? 
  where the hell can i find scores/results ? 
  is there anything official ? 
  thanks a lot , i swear i searched before aksking, 
  ... or lock it with a code . 
  pajkatt is such a chilled guy !, 
  ... and i am jealous of his hair, 
  ... but he somehow manages to be bad at it, 
  400k per episode but `` underpaid '' - i wish i had those problems, 
  wow , did n't know that they are called `` eigenvalues '' in english !, 
  guess it derives from the german `` eigenwerte '' ? 
  i heard that there are even more different types , and `` infinities `` can have different sizes . 
  take the example of counting numbers , those are infinite . 
  but if you also take the irrational numbers between them into your `` counting '' ( which of course is not possible ) you still have infinite numbers to count , but even more !, 
  bought my first board about six weeks ago , it did not actually stop raining since then . 
  the weeks before we had the perfect weather :(, 
  what is this ? 
  i guess it 's about 3.6k-3 .8 k, 
  here 's mine !, 
  what about a marshmallow sole and like gummybear strings to hold them onto your foot ? 
  botg easy to make and elastic enough to get worn i think, 
  it depends on your enemy : if they can afford using a spell without being out of mana or having no escape left ( phantom assassin for example ) you can skip your q as you are only wasting skill points then . 
  e deals massive damage early on , one levek in your glaive helps lasthitting or harrassing . 
  keep in mind that you are squishy early on but do not have escapes at the same time . 
  i prefer to play him in an aggro dual lane or as a safelane carry ( recent agi gain boost helps a lot ) . 
  in my opinion he needs either farm or has to be able to zone out the enemy quite hard because he can get stomped easily . 
  3.8 k solo , did not play it for a long time but now slowly started climbing that up again !, 
  ireally like the idea of mouz having 3 squads on different continents with such diversity in playstyles, 
  pucks be like o.o, 
  i do n't think it is eg , that would have been too obvious . 
  how about alliance.na ? 
  owned by eg , monster sponsored , nobody played for them so far and the tag is a vowel - a. 
  also , there would not be two egs in na !, 
  does not work !, 
  there 's a smoke !, 
  on ns !, 
  minions do not loose health . 
  it is now called `` defense '' , you can only destroy a minion if your attack is higher than the defense of the minion attacked . 
  you should go ahead and create it . 
  if you said black plays offlane axe or puck mid a year ago you would have been laughed at . 
  he has improved so much !, 
  he plays him on a regular basis now and i 've seen excellent plays of him ( vs. dk for rxample ), 
  i think the title was referring to the `` afk-er '' ... not sure by the choice of words though, 
  hey guys , i have a problem with my bushings ( i think ) . 
  i 've got 84a barrels and i am about 95kg - so i think they are too soft right ? 
  however , i was able to hear something snap everytime i was changing directions on my board so i was tightening the kingpin nut . 
  now the sound is gone , but i think that i set it up way too tight for what it was meant to be . 
  i plan on getting new bushings ( 94a or something ) , but what should i do in the meantime ? 
  i 'm not saying it is perfect , but a huge step towards it . 
  for example the standard batrider ban still annoys me because it takes away a bit of diversity in the drafts . 
  if heroes like these get tweaked in a way that still keeps their main concepts and keeps them viable but also keep them balanced , i think dota would be close to perfect !, 
  okay guys , why is n0tail referred as `` big daddy '' ? 
  troll ca n't escape and is a worse jungle farmer i think . 
  bad news after bad news ... let 's see if he decides to retire ( or has to ) or will get up again . 
  does anybody have tips on how to apply selfmade-art onto my deck ? 
  maybe a tutorial ? 
  also , what should i use to paint my trucks ? 
  i currently have standard silver trucks which look boring and a old ninetysixty double kick ( the ones google shows are the new generation , mine has white color instead of the wood which looks pretty crappy . 
  tge top and bottom layer are bamboo if it helps ! ), 
  okay i appreciate thia suggestion but what does this have to do with vr ? 
  12 per second is far more than i 'd have expected ... better farm that ghost scepter !, 
  well , it said there were 3 comments but somehow i only see 2, 
  one has to `` pass '' and let the person left to him drive first . 
  same is possibke with 3 cars : one wants to turn left , has someone coming at him in the opposite direction , who got a driver right of him ( coming out of tge street number one wanted to drive into ) who wants to turn left too . 
  actually shapes and brohood worked together on this design , but then shapes wanted to make the hookah more expensive with glass of a lower quality so they split up . 
  many turks immigrated to germany in the past . 
  we also have lots of lots of kebap places . 
  yeah there are weird things going on . 
  i rather buy what 's high-quakity and resonably priced instead of who bashes the other harder , brohood has never turned me down but neither have kaya for example . 
  i am !, 
  smoke is excellent , i added a cheap kaya diffusor ( 7 $ , made from steel ) . 
  hoses are silicone with only a sleeve added , improves the look in my opinion but also makes them more slippery . 
  a bit , yes . 
  only gets annoying when there 's something in the way , else i do n't have any problems with it, 
  there will be a new version so you can smoke with indirect heat ( lotus-like ) , too !, 
  but also like the standard-phoenix !, 
  kiwi and grapefruit-mint is 90 % of what i smoke , 
  there 's a facebook group founded by the ceo of brohood , he posted it there !, 
  the brohood phoenix !, 
  yeah it kinda looks like jt , but if i remember correctly it also will have the `` hat '' to put over the coal . 
  i have not heard much of the prime , only liie two reviews but i think those people did not really think it was much better than previous ones . 
  uuuh , what ? 
  4 $ is awesome , i would have bought that so hard, 
  brb checking amazone !, 
  the 400 range part was the thing i did not know yet . 
  thanks !,
