  of course illus spawn woth full dmg ? 
  techies trollmode : on, 
  shadow demon tusk rubick . 
  so much agression !, 
  all dagon + force staff - tie ? 
  i love tusk and rubick . 
  ok kill anybody until they leave !, 
  you are half bill gates then ? 
  and tge other six pls . 
  fuck them all . 
  semi-decent . 
  you are talking double laguna blade right now . 
  also , this is the first one i see here that is not completely broken, 
  make him crit !, 
  sorry , i overreacted . 
  whenever i play death prophet i go for shadow blade first , into power treads and desolator . 
  for manacost a sobi mask should be absolutely enough . 
  but really , i dunno why on this hero but i love ithe build so much . 
  worth it . 
  i really hate seeing him downvoted - he asked a legitimate question because he started with dota 2 and could not have a clue wjat this item is . 
  what about other items and abilities ? 
  a midas should not get refreshed ofc , but what about basher ? 
  yay , the downvotes for having a quick question . 
  i 'd still enjoy an answer whether or not basher cd gets removed . 
  i actually think they do n't have high-mileage cars because of the lower prizes . 
  alright , i remember - that double cooldown thing , 
  best thing to do when you play for the first time . 
  or when you only have 20 minutes left . 
  rest one piece ? 
  noob question : does that really exist and where do i see this ? 
  yeah , all in one is definately better . 
  it usually sets in by the 12-game-mark . 
  wow , sweet . 
  thank you !, 
  you can find 3200mah on ebay for about 5 $ - i guess that is worth a thought as well . 
  shipping time from china is of course high . 
  nyx . 
  the result of trolls reporting you would be really shitty . 
  hate that guy because he stole a kill ? 
  make him play on russian servers for a week !, 
  they should add a `` european '' language filter !, 
  would totally trade my items for pizza . 
  `` i 'm hungry , got ta get to the next level ! '', 
  as this was apparently a pub in a low skill level , anything can loose to anything else . 
  how did you manage to do that ? 
  i do n't even do that , too , but tgis song somehow crossed the borders silently ... 
  well , to me it seemed just like a `` wtf do you want from us '' answer by samsung - to such a tweet you just cant answer that friendly . 
  best thing would have been to just ignore it though . 
  you must play very well then !, 
  ( pls nobody take me serious . 
  thx . ), 
  everytime this happens to me ( which is not often though :d ) feel an unbelievable pull towards the enemy fountain . 
  get some therapy, 
  dota 2 . 
  i played dota since about 9 years now and it has improved all the time . 
  now that valve comes with it as standalone and a very sweet engine , i can see the improvements coming again and i love it . 
  the best single player game for me would be portal 2 . 
  it was such a relaxed game that still challenged you and really got me stuck into the story . 
  what are those `` tanks '' under the tables ? 
  this confused me at first , totally forgot about the different systems again . 
  and three more poofed in ? 
  i think it really depends on who gets the kill and who gets killed . 
  if an anti mage first bloods a phantom lancer this is much more important than 2 supports picking off an enemy support in my opinion . 
  more than 4 sec stun and she has 3 items again . 
  nyyyyyyyyyyx !!, 
  there is just nothing worse than calling someone a `` bob '' . 
  wow , i finally got what it resembles . 
  it always made me think of bloodseeker 's claws ( like he hit the block ) , also because he was one of the first artworks of dota 2 . 
  did they actually achieve anything ? 
  not that i would care about league , but i would like to know what came after such a video . 
  [ have ] your ti3 invitation [ want ] pudge hook . 
  it is not that she is skinny i think , but when you see her switch from her normal statue and this is what you are used to , the comparison makes her look ill ( loke she lost that much weight ) . 
  at least this applies to me . 
  that 's also why he changed the floor and painted the walls . 
  i already discovered this for myself but it seemed i was too dumb at explaining it because i could not help anybody that way . 
  having a ranged also makes it incredibly easier to stand against agressive players in low-level-matches . 
  buck or pug ? 
  i think it was even worse - so tgey changed it, 
  i like this one . 
  jup , did that too . 
  problem is when you push up the volume outside of the game then , you may get shocked to hell by loud noises of other programs 8 [, 
  nyxnyx ? 
  the flow needs a bit work . 
  only a bit . 
  i dunno but i think i have to actually try that with a mate . 
  exactly this , plus i think pas deserves much more respect as a supporter . 
  he plaays very solid imho . 
  quite sure he is from the states . 
  oh , that guy again . 
  i wonder to how many accounts he will make it - bets , anyone ? 
  are you still cycloned then ? 
  he is such a humble guy by just referring to him as random grandfather !, 
  death prophet on shadow blade and desolator . 
  pure destruction . 
  yeah i have it too - when it happens to mirana it is pure `` slide , kitty , slide '' - nostalgia < 3, 
  edit : when i write on my phone it looks like i am drunk . 
  i recently got flamed for playing a support/roaming venge ( in ar ) because she is the sickest lategamer around . 
  we had 4 more carries on the team . 
  honestly , give it a try !, 
  of course this is not intended for competitive play .
