  i think we all agree that his playing time is the only important one . 
  i like to watch my friend 's games and it sounds like you can not do this in lol, 
  okay sorry then . 
  have not played it and it sounded like that would not be possible there, 
  i did not know they smurf * that * much ... 
  so within a month i will see my beloved mouz again - nice !, 
  because opinions do not exist right ? 
  how many hp does that car have now ? 
  i am not an expert at things like this but i think 40 psi is pretty damn high right ? 
  and one of the best !, 
  i have the bracers of profound perfection , are you interested in those ? 
  dude , you can stand on a flying plane . 
  that 's why i mentioned that i have not played it and how it seemed to me - so i can get corrected . 
  `` west coast city '' ... 
  i am not a fan of suvs anyway but a lowered one ? 
  might be some kind of cc ( passat coupe basically ), 
  nope , that got fixed , 
  i played support sniper for a carry rubick last week ... i did not expect it to work and hey - it did not work . 
  yeeeeeah i am pretty sure he totally got surprised his `` macro '' does not work anymore a week after this change was made . 
  i ghink there were times in my life that dota has helped me but also times that dota has been a problem . 
  for example , i never had problems with english at school because i learned to communicate in english in battle.net which helped me a lot i guess . 
  but right now , as i left school and started studying at a university i have to learn far more than before - and i think dota is a bit in my way , because learning gets so much harder and i am not used to having to learn that much . 
  i have to change my gaming habits right now and i have to learn learning . 
  assuming you mean admiralbulldog 's one :, 
  it is `` keepo '' - a mix between kappa ( they grey face also used in this screenshot , a former twitch.tv employee if i remember correctly ) and meepo , the dota hero which feeds every game . 
  i do n't know , it just ... happened . 
  awesome set , i already have it but if i win my friend gets it , 
  [ h ] the stinger ( wr 's shackleshot-animaton changing bow ) [ w ] an offer , 
  thousand faces is very nice . 
  i think this is not allowed , call it `` saurs of dota '' instead . 
  nice one , 
  i 'm not into jazz at all but i really like this idea . 
  i 'd even give it a visit . 
  you take away their strongest allies . 
  only works for vipers ult , not for orb effects . 
  all i can think of is x-periment, 
  i dont see the penguin part in the snowl ? 
  ilooked at it once more and now i see . 
  would not have thought of it as a penguin rather than a `` weird owl '', 
  why is everyone saying that , this is not true, 
  i think as it is automatic , there 's less that they could have done to the rental one . 
  i think all of these should be purchased by your mates . 
  just saw him playing rubick last week ( i believe as a standin ) and was amazed by his plays . 
  had not heard of him before but all i heard from other people seemed like he is a pretty good player who has potential . 
  aaah , and they are all painted blue !, 
  it 's the answer to both !, 
  yes . 
  i 'd like to have a `` current ms '' score shown on the top left , too . 
  i think the signups are closed since quite a while now . 
  this actually buffed clock a lot i think . 
  rocket to scout rosh is now worth so much, 
  i like the knife idea , you can get a nice one for that price and it surely will last a long time and gets used very often !, 
  do you really think that much ? 
  ti3 would have been not that bad for synd then !, 
  okay :d but does n't it boost the value that it is the arcana ? 
  he said so on his facebook with a screenshot !, 
  i 'd post a link but i am on my phone atm . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't mix that often because i am very picky with songs - good that you like them :d, 
  i did not say anything about it being different - i collect my favourite tracks ( which takes some time ) and mix them together , that 's all !, 
  and i really like fancy melodies , 
  good idea , you are right !, 
  i just do n't get it how you can make such a wonderful game with all those effects and stuff , but do n't get a button to work :[, 
  `` this did not get much love on / r/leagueoflegends so i thought i post it here '', 
  nice page !, 
  i immediately thought of luke skywalker flying in the death star . . 
  i switched to dota 2 less than a year ago , how long was diretide available last year ? 
  alright , thanks . 
  i was afraid it was literally only a halloween update and disappear again after 24 hours or something like that . 
  wow awesome !, 
  edit : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988871879/, 
  79 - always place webs across cliffs !, 
  oon my way !, 
  relaxed evening in a bar !, 
  why do i need that ward ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  also with hook - your enemy will always be in fear of a hook , mines or a hook into mines . 
  only problem i see is that these are two mellees so if you fall back you will have a hard time laning . 
  i should add it to naga 's song in the sound file - such nice follow up, 
  i think the use of `` when '' instead of `` if '' would have made even more sense, 
  nyyyyxnyxnyxnyxnyx, 
  i hope `` cord '' and `` wire '' are the correct terms here , i am not a native english speaker and had no clue what those two things are called if they are in this place so i used a translator , which gave me tons of options for those words , too . 
  also , bonus sexy knee, 
  he does n't have enough tits man, 
  `` so now , lets have our first test and let it stand on the floor . '', 
  crunch . 
  upvolvo given sir, 
  henrik is bulldog . 
  navi won the weplay 3-2 after hating bulldogs spirit baer pretty hard in the last game . 
  dendi brought bulldog to the pro-scene by meeting him in a pub and inviting him to standin with navi . 
  hope your questions are answered !, 
  flowers ... lots and lots of even more flowers - with rainbow tails, 
  i played like 7 games and quit it again for about a year . 
  it felt weird . 
  if you can see it , running away from it should not make that much of a difference, 
  i saw a rubick staff on this sub today that was full of sockets from other heroes . 
  if i were luo i 'd be pretty pissed now . 
  soooo ... why not use another voip service ? 
  do they all suck that much ? 
  sorry for tge dumb question , i do not use voip that much,
