  ... and it has the r8 rear axle - niiiiiice . 
  vw also owns bugatti btw . 
  so they actually have a supercar in their family ( and that 's also why lambos are not as sick as the veyron - they would battle against themselves ) . 
  liar !, 
  hehe , god dammit . 
  you should post it as an album !, 
  and then it breaks , because it was me who made it . 
  kinder chocolate . 
  do n't forget it . 
  this is what my mother 's signature looks like if xou transscribe it :, 
  have you tried getting drunk yet ? 
  okay now - what does ddos mean ? 
  if i knew how to participate i would really like to . 
  i try it by posting this . 
  thanks dude !, 
  also trying to go for dungeon defenders . 
  thanks dude !, 
  thank you dude !, 
  what an unbelievable confession !, 
  1  although very close to 2 . 
  i remember when i started it , having no clue what i was doing . 
  when it becomes spring outside , i get reminded of that time somehow by its smells . 
  good times . 
  there are people who add `` turbo '' and `` hybrid '' stickers onto their car ... at the same time !, 
  so i think it is plausible . 
  once you have been to / r/shitty _ car_mods , you actually trust car owners much less . 
  ... or maybe leave him alone because he says so . 
  719 - this is great !, 
  212 - nice !, 
  every . 
  burger . 
  not for him !, 
  this is actually the second step of my plan to make not going to vote illegal 50 $ punishment or sth like that ) . 
  reminds me of `` for god 's sake , do not remove that sticker off your baseball cap !!!! '', 
  nice man !, 
  i do n't get that much about this remote and its abilities , but i see :, 
  - it is via bluetooth, 
  - it 's hilarious . 
  which leads me to my question : can you write apps like that for your smartphone ? 
  by not living in ` murica i guess . 
  also : why did he stay near the bombing place so long and then bursts out again ? 
  plus : his was a very crappy confession, 
  i expected `` acab '' , but i forgot musicians are n't completely retarded . 
  i have entered !, 
  if you really did , you would have used '' ;( '' . 
  i would , but i live in germany :[, 
  i love the gta ones . 
  `` fahrvergn\u00fcgen '' - close enough . 
  i must have missed 9 of them . 
  some people call that actor `` neil flynn '' . 
  did guinsoo really start on lol immediately ? 
  i thought there was some time between it ? 
  ( i may be wrong , just wondering ), 
  sounds better than most futuristic movies to he honest . 
  this said , i love how dota 2 lets yoz decide whether to spend money or not . 
  i have a driving school near me which has an audi r8 - costs extra though . 
  i should try putting my bones under a blacklight . 
  lasagna is the better choice . 
  always . 
  then visit the hofbr\u00e4uhaus in munich and eat a schweinshaxn and drink a beer !, 
  could n't you just not snowball then ? 
  in early he is a very nice roamer/trilaner which should give you a quite decent control . 
  then , in clashes you just do n't snowball unless somebody tries to escape ? 
  they sent it to a website and got 24 bucks back for it !, 
  now it an hero , dude !, 
  that would involve the third camera i guess ... tricky situation, 
  edit : a letter . 
  if i 'd cosplay maiden i would really be scared of dying suddenly :[, 
  you should not have trouble getting a fresh bottle from now on !, 
  me and my mates are always looking for some players to play with instead of random pubs . 
  we also have about 300 games in average and speak german . 
  if you could add me as i am on my phone atm - steamacc : cryptex777 , 
  some countries have laws that force you to drive with snow tires during winter, 
  they use salt :d, 
  as long as it 's f\u00fcn ? 
  i love prophet 's sunglasses . 
  they should add them to the shop !, 
  this is what i try to make myself believ when i have those guys as mates ... sometimes it works !, 
  the ability to stop time - yeah , only stop it . 
  you are saving his job !, 
  good guy . 
  so you just have to mark everything except th line you want them to walk !, 
  i will as soon as i get to my pc , 
  okay , sent the request , 
  i do n't have any fingers left, 
  pvd is the greatest live act in trance . 
  emery is insane too and always worth it , but if you want pure trance , go for pvd . 
  why do child rapists always look like ... child rapists ? 
  or order 50 prostitutes instead of pizzas ? 
  edit : i ask myself when the day will come that i make a comment with my phone and do not accidentally screw it up . 
  i 'd prefer roshan for my magic immunity - gets you a neat bash and slow stuff . 
  but ... what was his ball named after ? 
  but it saves so much weight, 
  definately the best theme of all . 
  the grass on the ground actually disappeared because it got burned !, 
  to be honest that was the reason i watched the gif a few times more . 
  think of just unmuting for the team . 
  where did that `` fuck '' come from ? 
  even betrer : no kill gold at all . 
  having a great game with 10 people farming for an hour .
