  i really want to know the feeling when you 're finally * done *, 
   ruled by a cunt ; used to be a nation of that could get things done . 
  enjoy terrorism until ww3, 
  yeah , trump is indeed a big cunt, 
  completely irrelevant comment triggering various users, 
  downplaying opinion with various insults, 
  k as in 3k literally means `` kilo '' , which means `` thousand '', 
  i like the buccs , they are flying under the radar , ready to explode - and i really want brees to get far - he 's an amazing player even with an underperforming team !, 
  it 's okay , i love rooting for hated teams, 
  that also means that around 60 % just laid back and let it happen . 
  tha majority of the country fucked up heavily and now the world has to deal with this little shit . 
  the german one, 
  i mean with an addition of these animated ads maybe the amoubt of advertisement-breaks will ... 
  ... yeah fuck no , even more ads !!, 
  all the panthers need are a proper rb and two good additions to their o-line and they are sb-contenders again . 
  50 $ , less, 
  it does not even provide anything by having it bent , you could just have it straight and the bulbs would end up in the same place :[, 
  do n't waste energy , do n't pollute unnecessarily , do n't produce more waste than needed , do n't vote climate-change deniers , spread the word . 
  her stomach tells her it 's wrong lol, 
  germany needs time , but football is growing here , too . 
  i switched towards playing it after 15 years of playing handball , and lots of teams get founded right now , just as more and more people watch the nfl - but it is still very niche and far behind . 
  our gfl winning teams would get absolutely wrecked by most college teams i guess - and i do n't even mean good ones, 
  you really can be proud of your country for creating such amazing things as websites, 
  what 's making you not looking forward ? 
  yeah they can make a coalition with the npd and der 3 . 
  weg right ? 
  together they should make around 80 % you know , margin of error, 
  very cool !, 
  wew , what a giveaway !, 
  how do you think cpus will evolve in the future decade ? 
  from my understanding , moore 's law has come to stop , and we can not get that much faster because of the amounts of heat generated . 
  will there be more focus on energy-consumption and cooling , or at making cpus get more out of low ghz 's ? 
  or even anything else ? 
  sorry , 1800 it is - timings are 9-9-9-24, 
  will look into it , thanks !, 
  flair says he is at 4.6 ghz, 
  deus ex mankind divided, 
  turbo pug - i never heard of that one before but your post made me look for it - looks insane fun :d, 
  i am very sorry for your inbox , but ... remindme !, 
  3 weeks - tomb raiding !, 
  does that work ? 
  i thought it was remindme !, 
  4 years, 
  ^ ^ sneaking ^ ^ in ^ ^ my ^ ^ reminder, 
  how can i get either that shit to germany or me to charlotte, 
  [ picture of the lovely fuckers ] ( http://imgur.com/syyk21a ), 
  und barney 's lounge , blue cheese !, 
  awww crap : /, 
  i am pretty confident , as i took those seeds from a pepper i ate myself :d, 
  i like how the stones under water look like a print, 
  congratulations , you won the `` trigger of the month '' award i just invented for the month of march !, 
   good memories . 
  no , those are cpus, 
  coolio , in for dirt 3 , 
  do you ship to germany ? 
  would you , if i payed for shipping ? 
  i would be in :d, 
  i get where you come from , but in my opinion it is more a personal health concern than one of the team - i just do n't think he should pla anymore after such a concussion . 
  i hope he proves me wrong, 
  791 , cool one !, 
  i stopped in november and i 'm actually sad that i dont miss it a tiny bit, 
  handballers definately get recognized and make decent cash , but most have other jobs , too . 
  a favourite player of mine actually is a sports teacher , for example . 
  still , it 's the second biggest sports here in germany . 
  i played it for fifteen years . 
  yeah it takes a bit to get into it at first :d, 
  ironically i switched to american football last january , which is reaaaaally small in germany . 
  freeeeebieeeees \\ o /, 
  respekt !, 
  holy cow , count me in !, 
  hide child comments kannste einstellen mit der res und am handy bei reddit is fun, 
  damn , that means new build overall , because of my lga1156 socket, 
  would a 1070 be future proof ? 
  or would you rather go straight for one of the big boys ? 
  alright , thank you , 
  i guess i will wait for vega to at least get some price drops and then look how much i can afford !, 
  what the fuxk is kolsh lol i am drunk get me more german beer ! '', 
  comment asking for a source with overused `` for science '' joke and weird face at the end, 
  79 , i 'd love to get a 2d-rpg with that, 
  c'mon do n't leave us hanging, 
  i think just `` j\u00f6rg '' would be great enough, 
  wait , regular ones ( without x 's ) are overclockable ? 
  i just assumed it was like intel 's k-series that alloww overclocking !, 
  can you reach 3.8 with air cooling ? 
  i 've read that ryzen 's max speeds are not actzally limited by thermals , so i guess water cooling would be a waste ? 
  thank you , that might save me a few hundred bucks if i ever upgrade :d, 
  \u00d6p\u00f6, 
  that would be a very cool deal , but i live in germany :d, 
  it 's amazing , recently bought it and am now playing the dlcs . 
  you 'll easily sink around 70 hours in the regular game though , so you still pay ubder a dollar per hour , 
  you should like to play a game for its storyline ( s ) though, 
  c2dtog15 is , in my opinion , even superior , you should check it out !, 
  but we have anderson !, 
  the bucfucker derek anderson, 
  i 'm in !, 
  so many people in my friends list play it , and i am afraid to inform myself about what it is because i fear i would instantly buy it . 
  and here i am with my dsrn i7 860 and a graphics card that does not even the slightest get a bottleneck from it 8 [, 
  soooo ... 
  i have an i7 860 at 3.8 ghz - and with a 1080ti i could play quite everything on my 1440p60fps screen !, 
  that is way less bad than i expected and makes me think of unrationally buing stuff,
