  me too - he was the `` pick omniknight to increase your mmr '' guy and i was seriously shocked how well that would have worked !, 
  china , russia and korea are a bit more huge in esports , do n't you think ? 
  jesus i thought s4 used wasd or something like that which was really confusing to me . 
  i did n't even think about middle mouse, 
  can i uplove you now ? 
  mortal kombat would be awesome . 
  thanks for this giveaway !, 
  awwww man i love popular actors !!, 
  has something like that happened in real history yet ? 
  i think yes , would be rather interesting . 
  maybe we should switch over to / r/askhistory as this seems to get very confusing soon !, 
  i prefer vaguard before the bf , because it makes my stout shield so much better . 
  thanks , i was being dumb . 
  but what about d i g i t a l s p o r t s, 
  i got dropbox , a german timetable app , train info for my city , the `` mensa '' ( what 's that in english ? 
  the place where you eat ) , adobe reader and facebook - our facebook group is one of the main reasons i still have it installed . 
  simplenotepad to take notes on a widget that does not look terrible . 
  i 'm 21 and still fall off my board when trying to brake :[ props to you !, 
  but esl still is in germany ? 
  79 - thanks for the giveaway !, 
  do you know where the `` russia '' server is located ? 
  sweden . 
  well at least i can save my gold !, 
  what did i miss ? 
  did he stand in ? 
  oh god , i actually saw that . 
  could not sum up one and one it seems, 
  what the heck is a triple drop ?!, 
  i know you can have a drop through and a dropped deck , but the third one ? 
  that deck looks pretty sick !, 
  what is the third drop good for though ? 
  take a look at tge ninetysixty boobam , a good and cheap board to begin with . 
  if you write a mail to pogo boards/longboardshop . eu you can ask for a used test-board or one with scratches ( when i asked , the test board was 75 $ and the one with scratches 90 $ - i went with a ninetysixty doublekick though ), 
  as / u/clayoh pointed out , another single drop in the middle !, 
  how many calories does such a run burn ? 
  i disagree , i am not comfortable with going down hills with my board but use it as method of transportation when i have the time and want to chill out . 
  not saying i am a `` good '' skater/longboarder , but i think i still am one ? 
  i neeeeeeeeeed friends to cruise with me :( it 's so much more fun than alone ( i think ), 
  well there 's a rather big community in the next big city ( 30 mins by train ) but it is based around a rather suicidal ( for me at least ! ), 
  hill ... i am more into cruising in the valley and calming down , 
  my hometown itself is pretty small , unfortunately, 
  what if you do n't rewedge it ? 
  harder to turn ? 
  while i agree that the vid itself as a link would have been the way to go , you act like a total douche . 
  funbox seems like an awesome shop to me - i live in germany , i consider boards rather expensive here but those prices i see there make me jelly as fuck !, 
  have fun with it !, 
  i am confused , how do i bash russians in this thread ? 
  / r/interestingasfuck, 
  is it `` bully '' ? 
  or am i terribly wrong, 
  the thinner wheels also have better `` aerodynamics '' , which also is a reason iirc . 
  i swear i checked the text for errors but i forgot about the title . 
  sorry , i was really tired !, 
  i think it got better season after season , and the last season ( especially last half ) felt weird but also very interesting . 
  the show itself changes so much , which makes it interesting - but only if you stick around long enough . 
  still ca n't decide if scrubs or breaking bad was the better show , but it is kind of hard to compare those two !, 
  no , my screen turns black and windows is searching for a solution ( windows 7 , and guess what is not found ), 
  i 'd also add wk with early dagger ... oh sweet jesus that dude can wreck, 
  then just use glowsticks !, 
  well i had everythinh at home besides the leds . 
  just search for them at amazone , there are a lot !, 
  they had the ball 57 % of the time , but if you look at the shots ( 14 usa , 38 belgium ) you can easily see they were not dominant at that time . 
  you can see those stats for any game , even live , just google `` belgium usa '' !, 
  i can think of saul doing that , but in a super goofy way . 
  i used one for both , i taped cables onto the connectors - as i said very unprofessionally . 
  ... i do n't even live in the netherlands but saved that link, 
  that small arena has to be totally cheap to rent hurr durr, 
  not kidding , he 's a moderator of / r/dotamasterrace now, 
  is this possible as a spectator , too ? 
  and if so , which key is it ? 
  is it normal for my pivot to be able to move a bit left and right ? 
  it makes noises and feels weird . 
  what can i do against that ? 
  a new what ? 
  if you mean pivot cups , that 's what i did and then noticed it - i previously thought it was because of the old cups being done ( which they actually were ) , but it remains, 
  i thought of that but was not sure if that fix was n't too terrible to do to my board - will try , thanks !, 
  alex garfield owns eg and alliance - alliance is basically eg.eu, 
  79 - thanks for the giveaway !, 
  favourite game ever has to be dota 2 , but when i do n't feel competetive i like open world shooters , especially mafia 2 . 
  i do n't think they should have predetermined roles at all , flexibility would help them and make them less predictable . 
  like s4 could play solo safe , mid or offlane , bulldog as you mentioned and i think loda can do mid or carry as well . 
  they actually have a shirt like the example , but upside down - looks like a heart instead of a dick then . 
  it 's fine , everyone sees different things - like that test when you see those ink splashes and tell what you see . 
  not sure what this says about my thaughts now ... 
  wait - can i ghoat scepter and then run into landmines and trigger them to `` diffuse '' without taking damage ? 
  it really makes me wonder why alle the subs with `` shitty '' in the title seem better to me than the real ones ... 
  i remember games that were lost won/after 15 minutes too back then , simply because you could already see that nobody will stop for example an anti mage from farming . 
  i really wish there was a patvh that made different playstyles vianle at the same time and not forcing a certain `` meta '' but i highly doubt that being possible . 
  holy shit it is real !, 
  and they lost game 1 again !, 
  seems like their explanation is correct . 
  my assumptions : there will be some changes to acquiring gold again - maybe less gold per second ( every 7s ? ), 
  and a reworked assist gold system, 
  it seems to me that teams can get farmed as a whole too easily - farm management and distribution should be a thing . 
  i 'd love to hear other opinions on this , i did not think that much about my suggestions so far . 
  `` okay , now - what are these `` dollars '' ? 
  who can i sell them to and what do i get for a set of thousands ? '', 
  do n't hit me , but i still love alliance !, 
  also i 'd love to have an all german team once again , so many people here olay dota but there seem to be only 5-6 lro gamers - come oooon !, 
  i did not even notice those were stickers and found it funny - i am not very mature ... ( also , i did n't get the title ),
