  or ... yeah , make rubick a girl . 
  that would be the solution . 
  but toad is * so * * cute * !, 
  looks like we need to add some stats types for next years !, 
  i absolutely hate it that you can not get a ring of protection there . 
  i want my quick basi !!, 
  roshan has insanely high magic resistance ( i have the number 75 % in my mind but i am not sure at all ) so i guess rather not . 
  no ... no it does n't, 
  refresher orb does not have the oblivion staff attack speed . 
  i just learned a month ago that io is not an intelligence hero . 
  i play since 6.37 . 
  sooo , as english is not my native language i did not pronounce it with an english accent which made me not understand the joke ... what a * wonderful , awful * dad-joke . 
  hf staying concentrated while counting, 
  wtf , this actually affects the value ?!, 
  interesting though, 
  alright , so i can start searching - thank you !, 
  swords for axe and axes for sven , revolutionary !, 
  by the way , i 'd like to encourage people to use / r/randomactsofdota because it is a quite nice idea !, 
  cyka ? 
  well , as he should get low prio quite often your chances should be fine !, 
  i think there was even an item which looked very similar to corpsemaker , also for axe , 
  i switched to hand + head so i can use my other hand for an extra mouse which is chat-wheel only . 
  i think this was even told by cyborgmatt in the patch analysis , so yeah he is goi g to get remodeled . 
  my friend had a bug that he could always use the blink shortcut without cooldown or mana cost , even without having that skill - only worked on his pc and we had no clue why . 
  one of the best lan funmaps !, 
  just mix them all !, 
  the 1:30 thing is definately wrong . 
  wait until he has 666 of both !, 
  wait , as doom disables items , does it disable a gem ? 
  i think of buying a hud and dinking a beer less next time at the bar . 
  but i think not more than 5 $ . 
  wow , you never learn enough mechanics , 
  if you are playing om eu west and are a nice guy , add me : cryptex777, 
  had the same problem.yesterday with only 5 friends online , so i do n't think that you need tgat much friends online for it to happen !, 
  time for my axe to buy dagon again !, 
  i play on euw and have more than 500 games now . 
  i can remember it happen to me once : s, 
  ... and also kinda fat . 
  thanks for clearing this up, 
  i think your whole list just says :, 
  \u2022 be a famous dota player and start streaming, 
  is it better to max napalm or firefly first with batrider ? 
  good , so i did it right . 
  i was only starting to wonder when i saw on dotabuff that the most preferred skill build with bat is maxing firefly first . 
  thanks !, 
  well , then they have gone through 95 % of the bild right ? 
  and north korea !, 
  why the hell is it bottom right for me ? 
  i did not change that !, 
  voice chat `` stun cyka stuuuuuuun '', 
  this is one of those videos when i do n't really know if i find it amazing or really really retarded . 
  i guess it is a bit of both . 
  climbing old buildings without anything that keeps you from death when falling . 
  but ... brood ulti ? 
  is maxing flame break after napalm and one level of firefly a good choice ? 
  i am still wondering ... 
  it actually was arrow * too * the knee and still exists / u/arrowtootheknee, 
  but if you are the only moving paddle this is kinda frustrating hu :(, 
  rather that than my obligatory `` sieg heil nazi fucker 88 '', 
  ... i really should hide more personal data in my steam profile when i think about it now . 
  also , she makes very good videos and will be able to teach you lots of mechanics i guess . 
  take that offer !, 
  but ... i am neither ? 
  or drums on tiny - you need those few mana points from the +2 int, 
  i 've been caled `` gamburger '' by some russians after saying a bit in german to my mate ... i wonder what that one is . 
  but why burgers ? 
  pretty sure he means `` kut '' - source : the `` new kids '' tv-show . 
  wow , did not expect it to be that old . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've started playing dota 1 with 6.37 , at least online . 
  before that i played in lan with a buddy and jesus that was an adventure ( what are illusions , what is invisibility ?! ) . 
  however , today i get owned by a 12-year-old mate of me who started playing at 6.48 . 
  the new x-ping is pretty useful alrdy , but yes , drawing would be nice . 
  dagon axe - my set counts kills , i need them !, 
  get yourself a nice hud and next year 's compendium . 
  then you have around 7 $ left to get a nice set or announcer you like . 
  you can bet cheese at joindota , not items . 
  i do n't knkw what you can do with that cheese though . 
  well , arcane and dagon - by this time the game is either lost or won . 
  it 's the no-compromise-build . 
  the fact that xboct 's early kills with alch came * before * the grand finals were called bugged me a biz , but overall , great vid !, 
  my phone does not support anything of these tips and i fucking hate it . 
  this ... this * butthole *, 
  . . and it really really is not standard . 
  the hair !, 
  what level will achieve what rarity ? 
  i have not found a list yet and am confused, 
  no more . 
  when you think about it ... i bought portal and portal 2 for 7 $ - and when i now want to show that i liked it in another ( free to play ) game , i pay double the amount :[, 
  play in your comfort zone and stay focussed . 
  if you really concentrate on not dying the game will become so easy . 
  watch the minimap and stay safe - this helps so much . 
  everyone wants to punch that snow angel just to cancel the animation !, 
  oooh now i understand the caption . 
  you should do that anyway because that way you do n't have the trap animation which makes you stop shortly . 
  had it twice in around 600 games now and i did not modify anything - so yes . 
  what did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college ? 
  bison . 
  ( yeeees , i have it from / r/jokes but i really liked it . ), 
  funny how even the gifs loaded quicker than this text ( on my phone ),
