  thanks , this is very well-written . 
  i almost expected it to be somehow chemical but as i quickly read through , it seems to be only psychological . 
  i will read it carefully now !, 
  breathing ... i will file for breathing . 
  add me if you like , cryptex777 ( shown name is jackie chen ), 
  my mmr is about 3.8 k and i often stack with my usual mates around 4k . 
  we have no problem to play with players with lower mmr and are pretty chill i think . 
  it only nevet got implemented and as it could for example fuck up your try to get denied by neutrals it just never got added in . 
  but then teachers do n't even believe that the dog ate the homework ... 
  looking into axe 's eyes while he rips you with his axe again and again - but you can not walk away and know your destiny . 
  awww crap . 
  at least i sold my piles of flamesalt ingot, 
  slice !, 
  slice !, 
  slice !, 
  slice !, 
  okay , what the heck `` shot '' him off ? 
  seriously , i re-opened this picture three times until i realised that this really was puppey . 
  literally, 
  thanks , now i finally got the whole r-l-jokes-thing !, 
  exactly , i see many cars in this sub that just tend to be overly changed . 
  i personally like cars like op 's the most . 
  ... to use sandstorm with, 
  i added 5 $ to my steam wallet to start with , because i like the community market much more than trading and now have about 3,20 $ on it and once bought two items for 2,75 $ . 
  i think i only will spend more cash for a compendium . 
  you should uninstall rather than `` hiding '' i think . 
  because helping new players switching to dota and actually contributing to the topic is literally the worst thing one can do right ? 
  done , someone tell him to check his spam filter plx, 
  speaking of enchantress : `` i will do better next time ! '', 
  this is like one of those fucking girlfriends that are like `` ooh it was all my fault , i am a terrible person , fml '' while you fucking knkw it was you who killed her ( the hero , not the girlfriend ) . 
  `` stay out of my way and maybe you wo n't get hurt '', 
  oh yes ; wgmhy did you fucking fish die if you are so confident, 
  sorry , i 'm german - i was born with bad engrish, 
  would have made such an awesome cinemagraph !, 
  ca n't afford gold because i bought so many cosmetics , but if you add me i will commend you, 
  alright , i guess i just got unlucky ( i do n't play much solo ) . 
  i was just wondering if tge ratings were different ( like 3k in party is equal to 2.5 k in solo because of some weird effects that stacks cause or something like that . ), 
  oh god , why did n't i see this myself . 
  i definately will , thanks !, 
  i have 102 friends who play dota and if you read my post i stated that i do n't play solo that much , i just noticed this in my ~ 15-20 solo games . 
  i am in-experienced - how did they achieve this ? 
  my friends have similar ranks to me , both solo and party . 
  i 'd add the fact that you have your solo-laner on the safelane so he is much more likely to get gold and experience . 
  or if you move the camera , on tglhe right of the 2nd dire player, 
  dude , he has higher mmr and an arcana - he can win games alone if his team does n't ruin it !, 
  he is 2-3 with an average kda of 5.4-5 .6 -5.8, 
  no , i was wondering if i missed something . 
  i searched it . 
  have not found anything , sorry for your inconvenience, 
  add the worst people you meet to your friendlist and stack with those . 
  i think there is no other way . 
  i did n't even notice this , but i totally agree !, 
  what is an * unidan * ? 
  i want to order either these in large packs or that printer . 
   if your computer has hard crashed 5 minutes will often not be enough time for people to reboot and get back in game . 
  honestly , this is the only reason i bought a ssd . 
  but i agree , you should not get `` punished '' for having slower hardware , especially as dota 2/steam/dota 2 network can fuck up heavily during that 5 minute window . 
  and a compendium , 
  just a general tip to improve :, 
  watch dota and try to understand what people are doing and why . 
  understand drafts and compositions when watching tournaments and understand why people do what they do and why they go for those item/skillbuilds when watching streamers . 
  yeah a bf is bad on him - you need two or three, 
  double-clicking an accept for an invitation kicking you out of the party immediately again . 
  will you , requis , ... 
  hold on that thaught as we have an initiation on the top lane, 
  uuuh ... no it does n't . 
  most posts there are just individual taste to be honest . 
  commenting !, 
  i think you could x-post this to / r/diy, 
  only leper gnomes, 
  can i get this for my 22nd birthday too , please ? 
  the jerk-quality is decreasing ... we need to move to / r/truedota2cirklejerk, 
  oooh . . i thought i had a good suggestion :(, 
  i will try that . 
  it was bought from a alfa-romeo-seller and was used as demonstration vehicle so this would make sense . 
  thanks !, 
  i tried it , nothing really changes ... i think it 's not even connected anymore . 
  500 lasthits in 29 minutes , holy fuck !, 
  i know this sounds crappy , but i would be really interested in your mmr . 
  as you like motorsports , what car ( s ) do you like and which ones do you drive on your own ? 
  you 're great . 
  if i was the guy in the back i 'd probably kill the driver ... and then myself for being that dumb to ride with him without any protection . 
  now this is the most sobby story i 've read in / r/pics so far . 
  but the karma was dedicated to him , is n't that sweet ? 
  reading stuff like this makes me seriously happy that i hate mid . 
  sure they do and it 's part of a cast , but i think today it was kind of extreme . 
  this is the ultimate trance experience !, 
  i love spring breeze - tatana remix . 
   zyori seems to be adopting more and more catchphrases that are cheesy and unnecessary . 
  every caster needs a personality , but you do n't have to end every sentence with '' , my friend . '', 
  its a slippery slope to every sentence coming out entirely as hyperbole . 
  after the 20th `` he just got ... obliterated '' i turned off the stream because it actually made me agressive . . please stop this zyori , it 's okay if people only get `` killed '' . 
  as i am currently drunk , i will.look at this commenr tomorrow and be rwminded of what i read . 
  fuck you , non-recording brain . 
  oh crap , maybe the mmr-abuse we all thought was useless had actually * success *, 
  ... was the laughing recorded live ? 
  congratz , this is the fastest ticket i 've heard of - you 're lucky in a quick way !, 
  more real than every other hero so far, 
  i believe you , but at the same time you should n't trust reddit search :(, 
  i loved how at the ending screen , they used red , green and blue letters .
