  that 's actually pretty neat , thanks !, 
  if only youtube 's cinematic mode was a bit better it would be perfect, 
  fired, 
  alfa, 
  significant offender . 
  time to kick it out hu, 
  pls have mercy, 
  i have a feeling about this ... 
  yep , looks more like picasa, 
  i 'd buy 10 keys if it came with local multiplayer . 
  h2o - 0 is not an element, 
  what did flake say ? 
  not quite the same kind of music , are n't they :d, 
  wooohooo !, 
  i love how simple counting is made a science by this sub . 
  it really sounds useless and blring at first , but all the analysis and stuff around it is lovely . 
  i 'd throw in chaos meteor . 
  i mean - it is a fucking whole meteor rolling over your face . 
   treant throwing seeds on the enemy, 
  is that ... a cumshot ? 
  i just screwed my bed to the wall . 
  what exactly is a fire and ice ? 
  skins-noob here, 
  wait , really ? 
   colonists that are n't team players have a short life expectancy in the colonies i run . 
  `` hmmmm , who should hunt that bigass mad animal ? '', 
  i need an explanation, 
  q ist an insane farming tool and waveclear , w ist a mini treant ult , e is n't that great - and the ultimate will fucking destroy your base . 
  though he remained unchanged during many buff-patches , so it will be interesting to see how he places himself - i guess the ultimate is strong enough itself to make him viable, 
  i think it should bring player-controlled ones , like chen or sth - you can use it to enter fights while split pushing , to go split push while fighting , tp into rosh , or just enter their base as 5 and kill everything . 
  it 's a 5-man-one-way relocate ( onto a creep ) !, 
  i 'd say he 's like a team-oriented nature 's prophet - pushing power and global presence for your whole team , while being decent in teamfights . 
  and he used his head, 
  you should read the second half of the title, 
  aether and octarine got nerfed too though . 
  i already tried to roam her in earlier oatches and it was not that bad - and i think she can stay relevant a bit more longer as her dagger can now deal decent damage from behind , so you do n't have to be the one to blink in first . 
  i 'm definately gon na try that again . 
  `` pen & paper * & dice * '', 
  that 's actually the best engrish i 've ever read . 
  konteeeext ? 
  i feel unreasonably uncomfortable lookting at this . 
  not kidding , had to stop looking after a few seconds, 
  and i thought you were making a bad joke lol, 
  ... while taunting !, 
   das neue red hot chili peppers album, 
  iirc the game had already ended when he joined the chat ( which was of course delayed ), 
  thank you for your service ~ ~ o7 ~ ~ ~ ~ o / ~ ~ \\ \\ o, 
   rdfd, 
  rdfd, 
  holland is part of the netherlands . 
  it 's like calling the united states `` texas '', 
   i 'm saying calling the u.s. texas is not the equivalent, 
  well sorry , i had no example ready with the correct big-city-to-region-ratio, 
  i do n't know why everybody assumes i would care , i just answered the question, 
  i should only have posted the first sentence it seems , 
  i was trying to take a region everybody knows in a country everybody knows , but i guess people took it too literal !, 
   subscription revenue increased by 50 % and from $ 800 to $ 1,219 million . 
  this is weird, 
  i thiiiink you meant viper , there was a manta crown going around, 
  ... rekt !, 
  this is the one time i would commend the guy feeding on purpose on the winning team, 
  it fell onto the ground, 
  johnny 's grillshow - ballert 's euch rein . 
  was n't that actually made by blizzard ? 
  guess queue time should also be taken into calculation ( which probably was way longer thab the game ), 
  because ... target fixation ? 
  yes it is, 
  purer fremdscham, 
  how did that one look like ? 
  okayy uhm . . i want levels for the current dota 2 battle pass . 
  i bought the big version of the compendium fpr 25 bucks but money slowly runs out as i am studying and theres so fucking much nice stuff to get !, 
  normal cast , shift-queue will complete the `` walk '' order you gave with your click, 
  small tip : while you spin in your q you can still autoattack magic immune units/buildings, 
  check out `` superlux '' - and also google them . 
  they are extremely good for what they cost and are made by an akg manufacturer . 
  i have them in both the open and closed version and you will definitely not be disappointed , 
  if you want to listen with your phone or tablet etc , you might want to consider getting an amp too , because the signal from mobile devices usually is a bit weak . 
   kenia-koalition, 
  so in simple terms : voltage * current is dangerous i guess ? 
  honestly , if you care about the tiny fuckin amount of crystals , then you have a fucking problem and should consider just quitting . 
   edit : / s, 
  that makes me sad, 
  must be hard for jc being the only one of the three that ages ... one day he will die and the other two will continuw to make fun of him until eternity - and there will be nothing he can do, 
  becoming godlike ? 
  stumbleupon !, 
  i 've seen it here first, 
  mach halt, 
   never10 !, 
  aaah , my first game of dota ... i did not understand at all where my unit was because it kept leaping forward . 
  \u00d6ffis \u00d6ffis \u00d6ffis \u00d6ffis \u00d6ffis \u00d6ffis !, 
  put your hands up , one two sree four !, 
  funny that deep and high mean about the same here ... 
  yes it does , thanks a lot !, 
  bad cannstatt bahnhof : |, 
  dude , those are * satirical * downvotes, 
  not at home , so all i have is a pic of it without the leds connected and with them plugged in :, 
  and here is the code , which is unneccesarily long and quite a mess too , but should be functual as i see it :, 
  double potpin = 0 ;, 
  double aud = 0 ; / / variable to store the value coming from the sensor, 
  double pot = 0 ; / / potentiometer input,
