  cause we actually can drive when we get the license, 
  you should also say how many gb it has , its color and what your batterie percentage was . 
  really reminds me of the mafia 2 screen, 
  oh , germany !, 
  oh you ruined it again, 
  to go !, 
  nice try , ex-gf !, 
  i am, 
  too fat, 
  i make a confession bear meme now . 
  it will say `` i usually eat toast for breakfast . '', 
  wow , that was so funny !, 
  i also got some rather electro - / trancelike mixes , you can listen to them in my channel of course !, 
  and i also admit i kinda fucked up zatox ' intro and outro . 
  dunno what happened there :[, 
  now try to find out more about the iris looking like a galaxy via google - only fucking smartphones, 
  flash element td is a nice way to kill your time . 
  just google for it !, 
  so you got quite drunk right ? 
  now an additional chart which tells me what all those positions do would make me a football expert . 
  all i know is that that the quarterback gets the girls . 
  that actually sounds luxurious at first . 
  i think this is actually nice . 
  heady caj afford his m5 ( before he went to that pop-style ) which means you dont really make that little money but they also know what their fans are worth and dont act like assholes . 
  most . 
  `` you passed/didn ' t pass that maths exam '', 
  your color choice is ... interesting . 
  so ... where is the hidden penis ? 
  ... or just do n't go to college parties ? 
  the thumbnail is gross : x, 
  wasted penguinz - resistance . 
  we need more wp !!, 
  i. . . i do n't get it ? 
  come on ... no master chief ? 
  ... and then your neck brakes . 
  but at least you died wizh your hood on !, 
  well , at leasz if you try very hard . 
  you really think so ? 
  have you tried it yet ? 
  you wake up on facebook ? 
  other things are :, 
  you must have the gene that makes you resistant to irony, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.neatorama.com/2013/02/04/giant-pine-cones-made-from-shovel-blades/ ) is more of them . 
  they kill mr. or at least my back - i bought a gymnastic ball , one of those big and bouncy ones which you can slam in people 's faces and put the video on youtube - and i never had any problems with my back since then . 
  just add a random number at the end . 
  the problem will be : where is the fucking usb port ?? 
   but he works too . 
  ftfy, 
  settlers or sex ? 
  i hope i remember that until summer !, 
  well i think most men could deal with that . 
  is it you goal in life to make everyone not using condoms and get sick or can you just finally stfu ? 
  upvoted for the usage of a semikolon !!!, 
  a guy with a shitty car gets his car made even more shitty but ... newer-looking, 
  no joke about the border to canada ?!, 
  i am disappointed !, 
  so then you should also have the money for fuel or am i wrong ? 
  jdx - live the moment ; but only with the video ( dunno if it was qlimax or hardbass but if you search it on youtube - the first one . ), 
  i think i taped the half of all leds i in gadgets i ever purchased . 
  such an idiotic thing to make them be able to lighten up whole football fields, 
  dude you can touch it, 
  so drinking and driving is safe , but smoking weed and driving is safer . 
  i really hope you end in jail for that, 
  yes i accidentally a word . 
  but the way you said that suggested that you tgink people who do n't drive high are bad at doing so - which is the people 's fault . 
  i think you can see that at your votecount, 
  and you did n't quite get that what you just read was not really what i meant , right ? 
  it only reminds you of iron man . 
  that 's why you like it . 
  i just got really confused because the npd is the nazi party in germany ... could have noticed ghat this is not / r/germany . 
  this is not actually the key . 
  live is that they somehow `` produce '' the music live ( as already posted here ) , so they only produce their own music of course . 
  wtf is liquid dnb ? 
  trance in all variations . 
  when listening to hardstyle i also prefer melodic one - i guess this is is `` hard hard trance '' or `` hardest trance '' for me , 
  you should be happy that it didn , t coke to a date with such a dumb person . 
  you jeed to download a boat first . 
  nonononono the other way round !, 
  seriously . 
  sorry , was via phone . 
  i leave it like that so your comment does ` nt get worthless, 
  now print !, 
  he got it from that new jokes app, 
  not the computer chairs - buy one of those big bouncy balls ( yeeeah ... ) and your back is winning . 
  big bouncy ball !!!, 
  never had pain from sitting since i bought mine . 
  i love it and it costs about 25 $ . 
  i honestly expected some horrorgirl-picture and screams while watching it so concentrated . 
  well that apostrophe was not intended too ... fuck phones . 
  does the ford have 2win turbos ? 
  i think i would be a pretty sexy chick . 
  and also a slut . 
  ... but only if she 's hot !, 
  well fuck it , you 're drunk so she will look hot . 
  driving drunk and looking for a fuck desperately - what a life . 
  i do n't know what battletoads is ( never got a gameboy as a kid ) but you should know that you can play on these emulatoes with a wiimote . 
  maybe he just bought a new one ? 
  i see a unicorn !, 
  also : why can my phone camera see infrared ? 
  i notoced this when i was playing with a toy helicopter ( mature me ! ),
