  i want to surprise my enemies in pubs . 
  i really like the buffs you mentioned , for snowball even a sub-ability is not even needed imo , just the usual stop command . 
  also , maybe instead of having a minimum ms for it to travel , maybe make it purge slows ? 
  it would be actually viable for escapes then , if you get slowed just use it and instantly cancel it again to get away - not sure if that is op yet , but it seems situational to me . 
  he is clearly the best player in the game , so on a theoretical basis he was ahead before it started !, 
  axe demands love !, 
  no seriously , picking axe against greedy lineups with a jungling doom or sth like that is very devastating for the enemy . 
  same goes for roaming bh , annoy their jungler , get one or two kills on the lanes and then get your ult and hunt them all . 
  in your most-played i see 0 heroes that are not cores . 
  play every role at least a bit more regularly so you can understand both your teammates and your enemies better - you get awareness on when the enemy might want to gank you , is setting up traps or other stuff . 
  also you notice mistakes you make yourself by seeing your teammates doing them which you only notice because now they actually affect you . 
  do you think there will be an all-german team in a not-so-far-away future ? 
  are there new german players to have an eye on ? 
  this almost seems like a song playing during the credits of a video game - `` congratulations , you made it !, 
  you washed your clothes ! '', 
  i actually thought the light-blue in the middle-left had another pair of wheels on its tail - i even searched for comments about it, 
  well , the mod itself is definately not everybody 's taste , but it is pretty well done . 
  i want to root for team tinker but i ca n't because the singsing fanboys / circlejerkers annoy me so much . 
  i want at least the possibility to rat dota back . 
  i want summer vacation in all european countries to end so the kids dont have that much time for dota anymore . 
  i miss hardcarries like gyro , luna , anti-mage who take their time but then tear the enemy team apart all alone . 
  i would love to see all twitch channels be in subscriber-mode . 
  edit : oh yeah , i think following a `` meta '' is very overrated . 
  i think pro teams could easily draft an unusual strat that is not deathball and get away with it because that strat would have a plan and they have the skills to execute it . 
  i also think that the only reason surprise picks do not work that well is because of the lack of train on that hero , e.g. 
  if a player got used to playing tusk in pro matches it would be a viable pick for his team . 
  i watched a few games of him and he used `` obliterated '' for every fucking kill and it got soooo annoying . 
  since then i have not watched him again because it actually made me agressive . 
  the rest of his casting was actually fine to me , not good but also not bad but this thing drove me nuts, 
  i am actually afraid to even start that challenge because i can not remember to have won a game with kunkka yet . 
  same for phoenix who is 2nd :(, 
  ... now i got it . 
  castle crashers - completely forgot about that one !, 
  we played through borderlands 2 3 times already , but we might see . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , but you can plant another mine onto that spot , but only suicide once . 
  i will play roaming pa and it will finally work, 
  but he got buffed ? 
  screwing squishy supports with his homing missile alone !, 
  i meant while spectating , sorry for not being clear !, 
  iirc doom is not that expensive right ? 
  `` what 's your casting-mmr ? '', 
  windows one - to stay with the company 's namings, 
   but what choice do they have ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ dota ? 
  poor peasants , `` stay in the high grass '' just does not have the flair ... 
  his stats grow over time , and a respawning rosh is also stronger than the first one iirc, 
  this is awesome . 
  very . 
  thank you !, 
  but you do understand that even if they only joined d2cl , they still would not be able to play , do n't you ? 
  they were not allowed to use another standin . 
  they did `` want '' to play , but they were not allowed another standin . 
  so what should they have done ? 
  put chessie on some meds ? 
  let akke play 2 heroes ? 
  yes . 
  and people seem not to understand that, 
  because one hurt his back and they were out of standins . 
  yep , clearly lifetime ban worthy . 
  they manage the team 's schedule . 
  they can however mot heal back injuries or change tournament rules to allow another standin . 
   gl getting valve doing other stuff than hats . . 
  if only we had gotten something else past month, 
  so you cant solo him , but when you come with multiple heroes you get insta-slammed . 
  nice . 
  i dont think tb needs a radiance to split push , same as old pl did not . 
  you have illusions hitting like trucks while you can get a little more stats with that gold . 
  bamboo is super-awesome for beginners , and if you ask pogo/longboardshoo . eu via mail they most certainly will have some used test-boards or whatever `` b-ware '' means in english . 
  well , it really does sound like tobi though . 
  i was n't even questioning it the first few times i heard it . 
  that would be the fried one from kentucky, 
  i 'd also like the switch auto-cast to be instead of the ability hotkey itself like for viper 's orb or drow 's frost arrows . 
  hawaii toast and how he makes it . 
  i just realized that - even his eyebrow is `` smoothed '', 
  sorry about your dog , but good to see he still seems to enjoy going to skate with you !, 
  in addition - where can i get that board , how does it ride and how much is it ? 
  him playing invoker in a team with two already insanely good invoker players , that would have been sooo hard to believe, 
  but if youre lvl 1 and they are too , maybe 20 of them have a stun ... : /, 
  if it is , then he does fucking well for a 4k player, 
  i honestly did not even know it heals ... so at least for my playstyle nothing changes !, 
  that 's because sniper is so op !, 
  we need those mechanics to keep imbalanced heroes low , you know . 
  he first licked off the flavour , nothing of value was lost !, 
  ... and more !, 
  how do i see my hidden mmr ? 
  sounds fun ... 
   why ??? 
  i play the same as always , mainly support . 
  not trying to offend you , but you might not have adapted to the patch while others did . 
  `` just because you can jungle with a hero , does n't mean it is good to do it . '', 
  was said by a rager in a video a while ago but is stuck in my mind since then, 
  carry spirit breaker . 
  if a hero has a spell that lets you run around the map and wreck enemies , but gets in danger by doing so , then it 's not a carry - i play roaming sb and won 30/43 games so far . 
  further information than `` yes '' : the dreamleague lan-finals are played at dreamhack . 
  so not only the event there but also the playoff round are the dreamleague, 
  here i sit , baffled and with `` upgrade abilities '' set to f since dota 1 days ... 
  not in the german version iirc - or i just set it to f, 
  i think that 's just called `` karma whoring '' if it 's on reddit . 
  what did you do to recover your account ?
