  and a friend pulled out his phone camera . 
  i guess he kept the mirror anyway . 
  well , we all agree it was supposed to look italian right ? 
  well , it gets red - not pink i guess, 
  coffeshops , copyshops , second-hand-shops - all the stuff . 
  yip , was posted few days ago and i really was impressed . 
  it is not really a bottle - but this is green tea i really love , maybe they changed the packaging or something . 
  and two divines and seven hearts !, 
  put away the ficken-banner , then it is nice . 
  for non-germans : `` ficken '' means `` to fuck '' - and this is a berry liquor which has that name . 
  edit : i really am no good at making up genuine posts, 
  it is a good gag for middle-aged women when they go out and drink twice a year , but i somehow really dislike the brand ... also i do n't really like sweet alcohol . 
  is this also a reason why digital cameras tend to make the colors different than they are in reality ( or appear to us in reality ) ? 
  i wamt to order that tshirt so much but i live in germany :'(, 
  then they did not have it when i first looked it up . 
  thank you !, 
  actually many more mercedes models but yuuup, 
  or the train takes you . 
  how many buckets is a human ? 
  what are tv shows you enjoy watching yourself ? 
  btw i love you ( nothing special here i guess ) . 
  nope . 
  that took me so fucking long to find . 
  grumpy cat in the second last pic ? 
  dj tatana - spring breeze is one of my favourite tracks ever . 
  really makes you sooo happy when listening to it while driving with open windows for the first time of the year . 
  sorry for no link , am on my mobile . 
  might look crappy but hey you got so much space, 
  this happens ad often as confesseions are made in a confession bear meme . 
  ca n't wait for that to get adapted by a c-movie director, 
  `` killer-potato ( - shark ) '', 
  yu-gi - ... no wait , wrong topic, 
  always a good thing when someone quits smoking , although it has a bad reason . 
  i hope your father will gett well !, 
  i do n't understand you giving away a game because of that but hey - it makes you feel better and also zhe winner of course - that makes two lucky persons so i will participate . 
  i am german and study ( quite at the beginning atm ) which leads me to the reason why i participate : there are many great companies which make great games and i want to support them . 
  but as a student i really do n't have the money for new and expensive games so - there are ways , as we know ( or steam summer sale , which helps me a lot in this dilemma ) . 
  with this i/you could finally support the game industries with some bucks they deserve for a great job . 
  this is what you should remember every time you want to smoke . 
  just `` fuck you , you do n't get my money to spread cancer . '', 
  til how i can check if a raid is incoming !, 
  but ... 
  i want to live ... and not join any club ? 
  well ; in an energency i would take them :d, 
  i would be interested in metro because i heard of many people telling it is an awesome game . 
  i also would love to have a pure singleplayer game to relax on , get caught by the story and play as long as i want ( nothing round-based ) . 
  that 's my main reason : time for myself . 
  a pretty shitty way . 
  a shitty way to modify it ... which somehow makes it a. . . shitty car mod !, 
  fart in bed when your partner is asleep . 
  your rules do n't coubt anymore !, 
  this is awesome !, 
  so ... honestly , what is it like to drive such thing ? 
  you guys better quit reddit now and start working !, 
  or make reddit popular in china . 
  propably easier . 
  his son knows . 
  just bought a usb-soundcard for 3 $ . 
  taped the housing to not explode and it works just fine . 
  ville !, 
  i , personally do n't like sikver cars - so i imagined it to be white instead and it was goddamn beautiful . 
  nice car , 
  paul van dyk still makes that kind of music i guess . 
  if you travel alone , do n't fucking take four seats in a trane . 
  the car actually got modded to look like it drove bavkwards so the wing is actually the only thing that 's facing in the right direction !, 
  i just realized she has whitnessed all the way of the automobile - from the invention to today 's insane machines . 
  i did n't even whitness any important invention and feel very small now . 
  huge respect . 
  so ... rotaaa ? 
  as my gf is sleeping next to me she now hates me cause i giggled too loud . 
  worth it . 
  i want to buy it . 
  can i buy it please ? 
  come ooon :(, 
  this is even better !, 
  thank you !, 
  it can only be `` cellardoor '' . 
  i think the most important thing is a hihh-res template , too . 
  i 'd love the creator . 
  my phone runs under a modded os ... it 's polinom-ios !, 
  can you show a high-res pic ? 
  well i guess you did n't seal that one coming right ? 
  very nice car , but please keep the lights round !, 
  reported for commending noob-reporters . 
   i came to dota after receiving an invite and was hooked immediately . 
  damn it say pudge miss, 
  ofc pudge is very strong , even withou items - last game i played 2 players of my team disced , one of them pudge - we still played with him and i have to admit he still was our best player . 
  but also , he is very dependant of good mates and an offensive playstyle . 
  do n't forget windrunner . 
  so much fun to see her pain while trying to windrun , 
  i 'd say about 121 % . 
  to the previos posted stuff : i personally think lina 's stun is better to get multiple players with . 
  also , one more aoe nuke is nice during early and mid - and with fiery soul she also can deal a bit dmg during lategame . 
  vampire girl vs. frankenstein girl . 
  it left ne speechless, 
  with my impressive skills in dutch ... does it mean `` this is cunt '' ? 
  i guess the only thing i hafte more than the clear ones are real pineapples ... my friends are happy to get them though . 
  unfortunately , your lightbulb is 3 years old . 
  you can not use it anymore because our electricity is only for updated lightbulbs . 
  i think their youngsters made it , right ?
