  the international uses double elimination and i think it showed pretty well how good teams were . 
  you can stand in your base and wait until you have enough gold for new wards which you place into the courier !, 
  spirit breaker because he is the most agressive support evaaarr . 
  and you can easily go full retard with him . 
  hiw the hell do i watch this on mobile ? 
  video wont load somehow, 
  not working on my phone :(, 
  huge !, 
  count me in !, 
  i understood `` arbetarklass '' !, 
  is this really where `` loda '' comes from ? 
  to be honest i 'd absolutely love to see that . 
  which beard is the one you also have ? 
  very interesting thing to have , thanks !, 
  i always have cm in my queueing ( is tgis correct ? 
  :[ ) preferences and usually draft if i am playing with friends but i just learned today that there is a search bar and filter . 
  i guess you ca n't level up without getting xp ( which is the case in low prio ) ... or am i overlooking something ? 
  i have a picture in mind of tobi looking through a telescope shouting about star movements ... i 'd watch that . 
  can you tell why he was absent in tge last few mouz games ? 
  i do n't expect epi to come back since he just became the main caster for taketv 's german coverage . 
  thanks , 
  i 'm probably getting downvoted for letting you know i just downvoted you . 
  right hand is on the mouse !, 
  any background on how that game 40 years ago came up ? 
  this number really blew me away ... it really is like they say : every game is different . 
  now think about item decisions . . 
  i think you forgot that it ( usually ) takes 10 people to play a game !, 
  stop dota before it is to lateeeee !!, 
  if you answer without an explanation , make sure you answer correct . 
  this iy one thing that would look amazing as an uv-tattoo , too ( or even think of actual scars tattoed over with uv-ink ) !, 
  can i eat them for hp afterwards ? 
  tastes better than trees !, 
  this game is hard . 
  thanks !, 
  how come they are only in sweden and actually can stand ground against bk/mcd ? 
  i am jealous - all we got here is a brand new mcdonalds . 
  well i am on mobile and all of that face i can see is this sign and the '' _ '' - the rest is a questionmark in a frame . 
  so it possibly just does n't know those letters/words too, 
  stuttgart , germany, 
  woah this is nice . 
  i go for pulp fiction as i think it is a must-watch to catch many references people make - which shows thatvit must have been a great movie !, 
  do n't you see the past in this one ? 
  i love how the first picture with himself in it looks like som really weird photoshop . 
  holy crap i want one of these - even though my whole house would have dark spots everywhere after a week probably !, 
  well , nobody said it would give a perfect evaluation of your skill - and also it 's just a beta . 
  i think if the creator does his best at improving the performance with what people tell him , ( for exampler here ) we will get a nice tool in the end . 
  speaking about random graffiti - on another campus of the same university there is a grafitti which says translated : `` the 170 hp diesel 220 cdi sucks ! '', 
  i still wonder what was on that guy 's mind, 
  if everybody in northern ireland talks like luna - well , i know where i will move now !, 
  name : this works even when you are drunk, 
  offlane : mirana and bane, 
  safelane : either : cm / jugger or : kotl / pl, 
  mid : i like having puck or qop as they are mobike and can gank well which those duals might need . 
  it worked on mine so i guess it is phone-specific, 
  i guess i will never see a * cute * cube again . 
  [ global banlist ], 
  sweet stuff !, 
  i have black ops though , so if i ever might be lucky enough to be chosen for black ops one , reroll please . 
  if its bo2 - sweet :d, 
  i have noticed that i do n't want to pick him because i think it is a bad hero - because most times someone else picks him he sucks terribly . 
  i already knew that gif but the way the kayak bounces makes me just giggle everytime . 
  it 's amazing . 
  the other way round . 
  so - which one was the last hame with skeleton king in it ? 
  ooooo , betta scratch uaseeelf, 
  a king just got reworked - monkey king is a sure thing , too . 
  if you have problems with your engine 's valves you might consider driving to a pit stop - hell yeah , i 've been waiting for pit lord for so long !, 
  i would accept this as a birthday present . 
  :d thanks for the raffle !, 
  2 rares or a sweet rare - so still a * bit * . 
  i literally came here to say exactly the same !!, 
  i lost a game because the enemies had a solo mid ember who started snowballing , making space for anti mage farming freely for 40 minutes . 
  i have no idea what to do against an ember who gets an advatage in kills and ep , halp plx, 
  i have the g9x for ages and all i would change was 2 more side buttons . 
  speaking of side buttons , mine are not working every time anymore so i gzess i need a new mouse soon - but there are none of the same shape like the g9 ( x ) - which sucks . 
  laughs i had !, 
  917 , will give it to my friend who desperately wants this game , 
  x-posted from / r/gaming , forgot to mention - sorry . 
  nice argument . 
  what do you think about buying it agains bash-heroes ? 
  very nice !, 
  what is the stone made of ? 
  woah this is awesome !, 
  are people not living in the us also allowed to enter ? 
  edit : i just saw someone alrdy asked , but 5-6 $ are worth this :d upvoted too . 
  i wanted to call these too . 
  they look si goddamn cute !, 
  i also just watched this and had the exact same thought . 
  it must be really weird for the family to see tgis video . 
  i also can imagine flynn to finally understand his dad a bit after watching it . 
  congratulations , you really are one of the dumbest persons i have seen on reddit so far . 
  just so i do n't get it wrong , you buy stuff for 2.50 and add sonething to it from your inventory and then trade tgis for 2.69 via paypal ? 
  because i am searching for a kupu and a frostbitten enemies gem which should be close to 2.50 together, 
  are items you buy on the community market also not tradeabke at first like the ones you get directly from the store ? 
  sorry i am quite new to actually buying items . 
  but i would be interested though, 
  i will open a thread and ask for it . 
  i just looked , kupu and the gem is about 2.60 $ together but there always are a few for a few cents less so it could just hit the amount you have !, 
  if you do n't find someone else until the first of january i definately will , i do n't get home before that . 
  awesome , thanks for the quick answer !,
