queer is not a bad word , it 's an umbrella term for anyone who is not cis and straight . 
  yes , it 's for putting inside bras when the woman breasfeed , the milk leaks sometimes and having pads inside saves the bra , 
  it 's for the parents . 
  i have it every time i fly to or from norway , normally on the cheapest flights ( 60-70 quid return tickets ) . 
  the obligatory `` wifi in the sky '' comment from a friend is on my facebook as we speak . 
  oh ok , i have to admit i did n't follow the case very closely , but it kept popping up on twitter and facebook . 
  but he was convicted for grooming , right ? 
  why would you pity the mayor ? 
  i mean i 'm not saying that in a sort of attacking way , just curious . 
  also mayor being convicted for sexual assault , again , since he appealed the first time . 
  mhm , leverpostei after turning veggie : mushrom pate . 
  yes , as far as i can tell it means different things to different people . 
  everything from a longing to the mountains of wales to a longing to a home that never excited and people you 've never met and a past the way you remember it and not how it really was . 
  hiraeth , my favourite word, 
  that sucks . 
  i want to recommend it to you , but not on the cost of you huddling into a ball into a corner rocking back and forth :p, 
  what incident ? 
  i used to watch rex growing up :d, 
  i understand swedish and danish fine . 
  danish perfectly as long as they do n't get into numbers . 
  although danes and swedes sometimes find it hard to understand me , especially since i 'm from the north . 
  true . 
  well . 
  they want the land they used to have . 
  which is most of northern norway . 
  and they want sami education and signs and language to be central , in the land that they want back . 
  so they might not go out and spell it out , but still . 
  yeah , great . 
  the following contains generalizations and bitterness : i 've had partysvensker as neighbors , i 've lost out on job opportunities because they 'd rather hire swedish people that can work longer hours for less pay . 
  i 'm in no means blaming swedes for coming over and stealing our jobs and women , it 's just sad that 's all . 
  i mean for me it all worked out , i moved country , i now work with a lot of swedish people ( doing language work , do n't worry england , not stealing your jobs , hell i 'm not even stealing your men , he 's not english ) . 
  but , my mother for instance , she works in the hotel business and she says it 's seldom they hire norwegian students to their hotel , they want cheap swedes , my mother tried renting out her flat and after weeks of saying she did n't want 7 swedes living in a two bedroom flat afraid they would party in a quiet neighborhood she settled with a family who then went on to complain because the house two houses down had rented out had rented out their entire house to 10-15 swedish people working all day , partying all night and weekend . 
  again , i 'm not blaming swedish people for this , you go on and work and party your hearts out , i would probably do the same if i were you . 
  what i 'm saying is that we keep making a big deal out of students that ca n't afford anything , ca n't get part time jobs . 
  young people out from uni in the same situation , i mean i got turned down at mc donalds , several of my best friends , i would say most have gone through the doors of nav at one point or another . 
  it 's sad that the local businesses that can hire lots of people choose to hire working immigrants , and than think that swedes are practically norwegians anyway . 
  it 's not true . 
  i could go on and say the same thing about polish workers . 
  but i think i 've made my point . 
  it 's great that swedish people have this opportunity to go over the boarder and work somewhere that pays much better than home , live for cheap with 6 friends and party all the time ( generalization ) , but i guess i 'm sort of envious and upset that norwegian youth do n't have the same chance . 
  one last point , i remember when i lived in oslo and the news made this huge deal about swedish people who worked sorting bananas or something , basically 7 hours sitting and sorting bananas and then the paper went on to say this is work norwegian kids would never do , meanwhile i was sitting in my flat loosing weight because all i could eat was noodles and homemade cheese pizza , i remember just being furious and others with me . 
  they paint this picture of norwegian youth as entitled and too proud for `` shit work '' , it 's not true , i would have sorted the fuck out of those bananas . 
  :p / end rant . 
  swedish people , you 're awesome and i always have fun when i meet you out and about !, 
  it 's different when it 's abroad . 
  when in rome and all that . 
  also alcohol helps . 
  i 'm from northern norway , my dialekt is a ramble of three northern local dialects , two from the coast of troms and one from finnmark i 've gotten from my family from there . 
  also the fact that i 've lived near oslo for quite some years have affected it somewhat . 
  if i speak fast people have problems understanding me , i can understand swedish and danish perfectly but they will mostly get a blank look in their face when i speak where they would probably understand someone from oslo fine . 
  i had to say it out loud and then i giggled for like five minutes . 
  it could be a gang thing, 
  no , but they are still deciding wether or not he was criminally sane , which is different . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a wonderful system for a lot of teenagers , i 'm just saying lucky is really in the eye of the beholder here . 
  and the money we get from the goverment , if you 're lucky like me and had poor parents that were n't really able to support you or send you money you got the maximum sum of 3550 nok . 
  many places that does n't even cover rent . 
  in norway a fair bit of people can get money from the goverment to live away from home to go to school when they are 16 . 
  then from 16-18 they go to either a general education class or a careerer based class , like mechanichs , media and communications , or even art . 
  i did this and then moved on to uni after . 
  this has to do with the fact that these schools are n't everywhere in the country and if you want to take specific classes like art , you 'll have to move away from your home town to do it . 
  then you have the people who move away to go to uni or the people who do n't and stay home and work . 
  sorry that 's a typo , it should say would n't, 
  it really just depend on what you want in life and what standard of living you 're used to . 
  i live in london now and when i had a fulltime job i had under 30k a year and was doing fine . 
  i ca n't tell you if it 's enough because i do n't know how you spend your money . 
  agreed , i would n't say i was comfortable living as a student , but i was _ fine _ , i lived on about 100,000 nok a year all in all and i mean not ideal , but again ... 300k as a single person for comfortable living , i mean yeah , i would be able to live very comfortable in my single big flat , with my car , eating out and stuff . 
  i think it would be ideal , but you can live comfortable with less . 
  especially the tax . 
  i 've never paid 36 % on my first jobs , if i had two jobs the second would automatically be taxed higher yes , but if you have one fulltime job on normal salary , you do n't pay 36 % tax . 
  a lot of it is exaggerated , but i do think the message comes across , norway is not the promised land . 
  the main point here is that he lied about having said anything about this on the internet or in public media . 
  already legal in norway, 
  i was gon na say !, 
  jesus christ electricity is not cheap !, 
  hmm , it could be klipe . 
  to pinch, 
  agate : on the way hmm , \u00c5 g\u00c5 te/til = to go to . 
  in norwegian . 
  how do you pronouce agate ? 
  me personally ? 
  depends , if he is treated and has served his time then he is free to be released , but for his own safety i do n't think he would be . 
  in short , yes i would . 
  thankfully it 's not up to me ,, 
  because it 's the right thing to do . 
  my feelings in this matter is somewhat hard to express but i 'll try and i think i share the same feelings with a lot of norwegians . 
  first of all , he 's not a monster , he 's not some great white threat to the world , he 's a man , a small , narcissistic , dangerous man . 
  but no one seems to treat him like it , they make him something bigger , which i think is what he wants , his name means something now . 
  i think the population wants for him so badly to be seriously mentally ill so they can excuse him and pity him because no one wants to believe in evil in a sane man . 
  schizophrenia is a very complicated diagnoses , hard to disprove once someone has been diagnosed with it . 
  here 's what i think about the process ; if you are not 100 % that the worst killer in norways history after ww2 has this diagnoses , you analyse him again . 
  and again . 
  and once every five years for the rest of his life and give him the help he needs . 
  you do n't do it out of spite or fear or pressure , you do it because as a psychologist you help sick people . 
  as for media and many , many people ; fucking stop it , you are not in anyway shape or form educated to start guessing about his mental health . 
  and for the know it alls , s `` h yes , schitzophrenia is a dangerous desiese , yes they should lock them all up '' , you know what my first thought was when i heard his diagnosis ? 
  poor bastards who are schizophrenic and a working part of our society now . 
  the one thing that media should have done which they have n't is go out to the people nd fucking explain what the diagnosis is and how it works . 
  i 'm sick of the sensation around him , rubbing him in our faces all the time , he did something terrible , he needs help , i wish they focused more on giving him that and letting us go on with our lifes instead of telling us that `` he spent his christmas watching telly '' . 
  you need to know the native language and have a teacher licence to teach in scandinavia . 
  hmmmm , it 's worth a try !,
