i guess that would work , but that could trigger latvia to build fence as well , in a way that would be one step further from us republicans that talk about building a fence on border with mexico for last how many decades . 
  and that 's how estonia and latvia can become number one in building fences globally !, 
  i get the feeling this conversation steered of in a strange direction somewhere along the way ... but ca n't really put finger on it . . 
  no , but if any tourists end up wanting to ~ ~ kidnap someone ~ ~ have their photos taken by some local they will have to climb over it , so no more making excuses about where border exactly is . 
  ill just sum up 1st minute from timestamp in link : - do n't we have our own beer ? 
  have all our beer factories closed down ? 
  - ill pay for it ( the can ) - give me a broom ill clean it up or let me pay cleaner for work , she probaly is n't getting paid enough anyway - i have nothing against the shop , my problem is with product , because we have all that ourselves - this is not pr stunt . . this is ... on the other hand , yes this is pr . 
  - dont you worry , just tell someone to clean it ill give you 100 roubles you pass it on to them . 
  any work has to be paid for . 
  and then he starts talking with others and goes on on another round of can crunching past 2:00 . this is a rough translation , but that 's basically what he said . 
  i guess i should go back to work , huh . . 
  aside from kristiina ojuland being a joke ( i 'll trust you on this ) author just uses that one example to paint not only entire estonia but all 3 baltic states with this same brush , but afaik lithuania did n't have any problem accepting that `` handful '' of refuges and even considered taking more at some point , but apparently facts do n't matter here he just wa n't to guilt trips us into going along with western europes inability to just say no for once . 
  and suggesting that immigrants solve ageing population issue perfectly is just some twisted logic imo . 
  would like to see him trying to guilt trip russia or china for same reason . 
  i 'm sorry but millions of refuges coming to europe can not be solved by accepting them all and pretending there are n't any severe underlying problems here that were ignoring completely for the sake of being politically correct . 
  do n't know about willingness but we sure as hell do n't have many options here , reason why lithuania built lng terminal , for example , was not because we wanted to show russia middle finger or wanted different kind of gas to burn , but because russian gas prices were unbearable , just the fact that we have that terminal there ( even if we would n't use it , tho we do ) dropped prices of russian gas by around 20 % since they could n't get away with extorting us any more , this drop alone paid for whole project . 
  another reason why poland and baltic states have their current stance can be explained by calling it `` lesson from history '' . 
  before ww2 lithuania failed to gather allies and international support even when faced with obvious tensions in the region ( molotov-ribentrop pact was largely downplayed , for example . 
  i believe there still newspaper clips about it in kgb museum in vilnius ) . 
  as such lithuania was completely unprepared for soviet invasion . 
  think entire region has learned from such mistakes by now , so if we see smoke , we yell fire , otherwise when see fire it will already be too late . 
  relax , they are on [ our side ] ( http://media.moddb.com/cache/images/games/1/7/6670/thumb_620x2000/dolphin1.png ), 
  [ mikhail suslov ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/michailas_suslovas ) has a rather famous quote when answering question about occupied lithuania and its fate : `` lithuania will be here , only without lithuanians '' . 
  so i would n't put actions of soviet union squarely into `` shutting down political dissident '' basket and that 's even ignoring fact that most of the time people targeted for killings and deportations were mostly people with any kind of power , be it money , political power or intellectual one . 
  its was not at all about just dissent , quote before can be explained rather plainly with [ sovietization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovietization_of_the_baltic_states ) and [ russification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) . 
  ultimate goal was not quelling of dissent . 
  in other news : in russia 20000 cows face death by firing squad for converting glorious motherland air and grass into poop . 
   i mean the law forbids making fun of him fair enough . 
   we should kill/inprison/sterilize / make laws against ( insert a group of people ) . 
  everyone , let 's go have a rally for that !, 
  i would call that inciting hatred as opposed to agitating for something , so yes  d. grybauskait\u0117 is a good president ? 
  is a much better example here . 
  jesus versus < insert relative here  example i feel is a bad one , if were were talking about < insert bishop or a priest here  versus < insert relative here  add here then yes . 
  i guess we can frame in terms of public figure representing an idea not just himself , so your example really works if lets say my mother is a public representative for , lets say , orthodox church or green peace . 
  and in such case yes , that would be fair game to make fun of her if someone disagreed with her message or things she represents / stands for . 
  if you want to compare jesus ad with something proportionate an apt example would be billboards with message `` atheists will burn in hell for all eternity . 
  haha . '', 
  or something like that . 
  and yes i 'd consider it a fair deal . 
  protection from discrimination = / = protection from having your feelings hurt , otherwise this entire planet would be in jail . 
   charlie hebdo is not in lithuania . 
  that 's a cop out . 
  like you said were talking about law , so we can look at it and see if law could be applied . 
  yes we are not going to sue charlie hebdo in france , but we can see objectively content of their publication and decide if it would be a target of such law or not . 
  but the way i see it judging from jesus ad thing the answer is simply - yes , charlie hebdo would be found in violation of this law . 
  and imo that 's not a good thing . 
  as far as judges go : [ these are our judges ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/law/setone-prasau-kureju-byla-nagrinejanti-teiseja-pratruko-jus-paziurekite-kaip-jie-elgiasi.d?id=68626992 )  so what i 'm saying is making fun of jesus or any person that really lived is n't also allowed , because he was a person . 
  is in direct contradiction with  i 've no problem with freedom of speech what so ever . 
  and we werent talking about this  if i say that people ca n't go around suggesting ethnic cleansing of nations or suggesting to genocide all jews , christians , atheists - you pick - does that mean i 'm not a fan of freedom of speech ? 
  we were talking about insults and jokes . 
   but if you care for my own personal opinion it is that freedom of speech is great , as long as it is n't used in only a manor to lie , purely insult , agitate to hate someone or discriminate someone . 
  i 'm with you on lie and hate , but not insult and agitate . 
  agitation - simple thing really , you should be allowed to question and contradict things , even if it makes others uneasy about it . 
  insults , can be tricky , but due to different reactions to it restricting insults just because it makes other feel bad would very easily end up in censorship . 
  nobody will stop a peasant from singing praises to the emperor , but contradicting a monarch might cost you a head . 
  and that contradiction regardless if it voiced as insult or criticism ( or both ) is precisely what freedom of speech protects . 
  where do you draw the line on `` incitement of national , racial , religious , or social hatred , violence and discrimination '' then ? 
  would charlie hebdo pass that barrier ? 
  and if it would then why would n't that ad ? 
  if you condemn church on cowering up pedophiles are you breaking the law here ? 
  what about something murkier like someone claiming that religion spread hate by , oh i do n't know saying that gays and atheists are evil for example ? 
  is such claim `` incites discrimination of religion '' . 
  problem is that this thing can be stretched far and wide , as such personaly i think there should be some restraint on how this law is used , or maybe if we cant restrain ourselves and pass judgment on silly things like adds we sbhould put in some legal restrains into law itself ? 
  also , while muhammad certainly lived , existence of jesus is n't clear cut , historical jesus might actually be a collection of several people that than one man . 
  also :  so what i 'm saying is making fun of jesus or any person that really lived is n't also allowed , because he was a person . 
  people are n't even openly let to make fun of more terrible people , yet people do make fun of those that were n't evil , in my opinion . 
  after reading this i get the sense you 're not much of a fan of freedom of speech . 
  edit : some typo 's , surely some are still left : /, 
  indeed . 
  kal\u0117d\u0173 senelis -  christmas grandpa edit : well technically speaking st. kal\u0117dos does not mean chritsmas , but it 's to-may-to to-mah-to thing . 
  it 's always a good idea to have spare capital ... for investment !, 
  xd haha ^ i ^ cant ^ help ^ myself, 
  off by several hundred kilometers , but yeah , in the same ball park :d, 
  thank you , i rest my case . 
  yeah , you psychopaths are like that , just loving to see the world burn . 
  so what :  russia will never back down ; this will only result in more casualties . 
  they gon na have it either way , might as well give it up . 
   oh yeah , give the russians the land they want . 
  own any land yourself ? 
  how about you give it to russia , dimwit . 
  they are turning earth into death star , dams are actually disguised power stations that supply electricity for their operations . 
  wood unused in building dams is turned into support beams for their uranium mines . 
   we believe in free speech for everyone !, 
  unless we find it unacceptable . 
  - regressive left, 
  as a lurker in / r/mapporn i really love that map , beatiful . 
  yeah , now its a problem ... keeping 21 % vat after crisis ( it was raised from 18 % ) was perfectly fine all this time . 
  i wonder if nearing election has anything to do with with this sudden decision ? 
  people shopping in poland is n't exactly new trend . . 
  yep 60 million on holodomor alone is way too much , 40-62 million is usually number of deaths attributed to entire ussr in both ww2 and repressions by the regime outside of war , as far as stalin goes he is usually `` credited '' for 34-49 million of those deaths , usually mentioned 20 million figure is usually disputed as being far too low . 
  corruption and incompetence , especially in govt positions , pushing aside things like some of our ministers being unable to spell words or being completely inept at speaking english we have serious issues with people who are simply not prepared to do jobs they are chosen for ( there 's tons of them but just for sake of having some concrete examples : v\u0117saite , gra\u017eulis , grau\u017einien\u0117 etc ) , throwing really heavy accusations around , acting based on their emotions rather than acting like adults . 
  judges really doing poor job on important cases : kedys case , black site investigations , uspaskichas and labor party case , privatisation cases , illegal building cases etc. 
  cherry on top of this cake of incompetence is corruption : one judge caught at a party put together by the person she is judging atm , judge comments when asked about corruption : `` there 's no conflict of interest here '' - and everybody moves on , some idiot ( not politician ) stole ak-47 from a cop - 4 years in prison , other guy ( party leader ) kept black accounting books , got hell knows how much money from hell knows from who , it 's proven it 's court - 6000 $ fine - move on ... what ? 
  regional security - not much to add here : when russians start redrawing borders for any reason - watch the hell out . 
  technology and education : politicians keep talking about focusing on making high added value products , taking decisions that not only do n't help with that but actively encourages our current status of low wage workforce . 
  education in lithuania is an experiment - in ~ 22 years we had ~ 11 education reforms ( or at least some sort of far reaching changes ) , this nonsense ended up hitting us hard , add to that complete ignorance of student/teacher input by the people behind those changes . 
  i guess this plays into incompetence , but results are severe here so deserves a separate list item here . 
  edit : spelling , clarifications and having crooked fingers in general . 
   dont want to share burdens like taking immigrants in . 
  . . seriously where is this shit coming from , i keep seeing this nonsense line again and again , but every time tv is on all i hear is repeated commitments to take in promised number of refuges .
