  what kind of / s is this ? 
  the `` lol jk '' or `` russia respects sovereignty of other countries '' kind ? 
   lol need to be really stupid to think that russia will attack some nato country . 
  just a populism you like talking from both of your ends i see . 
  this man solved the problem !, 
  give him a medal !, 
  no , comrade , you no understand : this natural - true soviet color , yes !, 
  i 'm * holding my breath * for it . 
  hopefully not . 
  rusty weapon is obviously useful for undead as it usually comes with charisma and faith penalties , but in return can cast curses on enemies or increase power of dark magic . 
  that said such weapons usually suffer heavy durability penalties . 
  can we get 3rd option ? 
  i 'm really sick of our politicians dragging their feet on this one . 
  our side should really stfu on this and let it go , this is important project and our guys are just throwing a fit over vat , line to vilnius , < insert any other reason they had before  etc. 
   it 's not child labour because children are allowed to work starting at the age of 14 in myanmar . 
  phew , good to know , dodged the bullet there . 
  let 's move on our merry way then - nothing to see here . 
  we tried to use huge metal fans to help with that , but they were n't big on music used . 
  gratz to them !, 
  lets hope it stays that way . 
   imagine if russian forces were putting boots on the ground in mexico and adding more and more as the years went by . 
  what troops ? 
  what fucking troops !? 
  what fucking troops were permanently stationed in eastern europe prior to ukraine ?!!!, 
  even now it 's 4k troops in poland + baltics . 
  nato did everything they could not to put anything in baltic , check how many years it took for nato even even draw a rough draft of possible defense of the region in case of attack . 
  4 jet 's patrolling baltic airspace on rotation was biggest thing to be fully realized . 
  are you trying to say nato scared russia shitless with 4 jets ? 
  really ? 
  oh , so the creeping occupation thing going on in georgia was actually war maneuvers !, 
  i guess that explains something - russian troops just did n't get the memo about ceasefire thing , since no one in rf govt noticed it . 
  ye it might be crappy map , tho mistakes in it are curious , either way it is presented in that propaganda video as actual map of russia , kinda big mistake . 
  i imagine they need to fabricate justification to push into mariupol , since whole bridge thing is going nowhere , so land bridge is the only way to fix problems in crimea . 
  interesting fact : some of the yunarmiya ( \u042e\u043d\u0430\u0440\u043c\u0438\u044f ) propaganda videos feature world map where [ most of estonia , georgia , parts of belarus and land bridge to crimea via mariupol is part of russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhfsczjs400 ), 
  yes , tho i was expecting it to be even higher , but perhaps that 's just my personal perception . 
  seems a bit too low . 
  do tell how many peaceful citizens did us and other allies have exterminated after those `` occupations '' ? 
  problem here is not just imposing style of government or just occupying country , ussr was openly trying to destroy nations in question using gulags , russification and colonization . 
  those things are in no way comparable . 
  tl : dr ;  please find another thread for your dumb whataboutism . 
  fun fact : green bridge soviet soldier statue that is used in vilnius coin is also removed from the actual bridge . 
  i do n't , just demonstrating him analogous generalization . 
  nice to see rcb being dumb asses on an international scale . 
  do n't be too harsh , it 's just their answer to your * croatian dumbassery * . 
  come on in !, 
  we have no standards anyway , that 's how we came up with those meatballs in the first place !, 
   watermelon sized meatballs . 
  yeah . . how low can he go ... must be desperate :d, 
  i expected this to be a discussion about who could succeed her once she 's done , instead it 's just another case of `` lithuania is us puppet , bruh . 
  do n't anger very sensible eu diplomats , bruh . 
  stop being principled , bruh . 
  russia does nothing wrong ever , bruh . '', 
  ow moving on looking for something decent to read instead . . 
  breakout the ouija board !, 
  seeing how uk is leaving there is spot opening up it seems , i admit i 'd rather have lithuania vying to take uk positions in lets say banking in the eu , but hey ... goats are something too ... 
  i guess ... edit : typo, 
  it would seem you did n't read the post if you 're still asking that , i wo n't tell you to read it now , but in the future before commenting you should read what you 're commenting on . 
  but for now here we go :  and which of these are points raised by farage ? 
  according to op he only talked about trade and nothing else which suggest that is the only topic he deems important , hence criticism from andriukaitis . 
  some have top gun , some have top gear , and us ? 
  well , we got top goat !, 
  could you explain what kind of magical baltic military could pose a threat to russia if shield was in place ? 
  it took years for nato to just think about a possible plan of baltic defence in case of attack . 
  even now baltics are having hard time just to get 1000 or so nato troops in their countries , so what kind of remotely possible attack from nato side are you talking about ? 
  or maybe i 'm missing a fleet of sub-terrain submarines based at vilnius sub-terrain harbour ? 
  not sure about others but lithuanian constitution explicitly forbids development or stationing of wmd 's within our borders . 
  this nonsense . . ads calling all men pigs - fine . 
  add showing women or children with bruises referencing domestic violence - fine . 
  dozens and dozens of half naked men women on add for clothes , perfume or anything else - fine . 
  metal band puts ad with their usual style on it - omg this will not stand !, 
  think of the children !!!, 
  i am really sick of these two faced , regressive dimwits that are trying to selectively dismantle free expression to suit their twisted worldview . 
  and then they call themselves the moral ones . 
   an italian week me wants , i hope they bring cheese . 
  lets hope incorrect signs wo n't lead to increased numbers of russian soldiers getting lost in ukraine . 
  true , they were only interested in exterminating people they were occupying at the time . 
  sorry about that , how about [ a song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nibsrvzd1e ) as an apology , 
  no no you 're thinking about water . 
  water turns frogs gay . 
  oh you !, 
  as long as it includes boat , shouting and at least one axe - it counts . 
  i do not trust census data . 
  last time when me and my brothers said were not religious census lady just laughed and tried to write in catholic anyway , we noticed and stopped her . 
  i can only guess how many did n't notice . 
   who knows , maybe in 5 years it 's gon na be ~ ~ it 's own thing ~ ~ different ? 
  who knows , maybe in 5 years it 's gon na be it 's own thing ? 
  i double that wish . 
  hey hey !, 
  grats !, 
  upon inspection police found secret living room , inside putin was found - drinking tea in his pajamas . 
  yep , otherwise it would be racist , since islam is a race . 
  i imagine rather than cutting costs it 's cutting effort . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  one guy said some shit so now you 're plastering this shit as a de facto stance of all lithuanians ? 
  some guys opinion is not an argument . 
  i 've seen plenty of russian fascists talking about how they want to see baltic states burn . 
  so now that 's de facto stance of all russians ? 
  i 've seen plenty of american racist talking about fighting against white genocide . 
  is that the stance of all american people now ? 
  pick any country and start digging , i guarantee you will find someone with messed up/niche/unpopular / down right crazy opinions .
