  when they figured out what 's planned there ( my guess is from public announcements/adds ) they took the decision to refuse them . 
  damn this strikes me close to heart , i live in a russian pop triangle :( nu gde zi ruchki , nu gde zi vashi ruchki ... please kill mee ... 
  well technically those were taken down for restoration , so maybe they could make some `` modifications '' here and there , 4g antenna inside of a workers hammer perhaps , instead of two soldiers with guns it could be changed to musicians with guitars or saxophones and farmers could be changed to break dancers to fit new theme ... ah the possibilities ... 
  yeah historic flag is awesome, 
  putin and medvedev are still working out , so no . 
  lavrov sure could cover for them in these circumstances ... 
  fact sheets mention number of reasons that can contribute to this gap but it seems that there 's no interest to actually explore which ones affect this gap the most . 
  i think deeper research that actually goes into what and by how much contributes to this gap would be far more important and productive than just putting all numbers together and comparing them while dully noting that `` yeah there might be reasons for that but were not gon na explore it '' . 
   i have an issue with someone declaring russia unilaterally aggressor he was talking about who was raising the tension , not who the unilateral aggressor is . 
  and as far as tension goes - he is correct , there were tensions before , lets not kid ourselves , but what really raised em to get to this point was russian actions in ukraine . 
   all it needs to do is make it too costly for russia to attack . 
  which is perfectly in their capability . 
  and here 's the problem - neither you nor the guy he was responding to gave any argumentation on how can that be achieved , so in essence it 's a non point it 's like empty rhetoric hillary clinton keeps yapping about with her `` let 's brake down the barriers ! '', 
  nonsense , what does `` all it needs to do is make it too costly for russia to attack '' mean ? 
  russia outguns and will outgun estonia in every possible way , also they completely ignore death toll as evidenced by gruz 200 coming from ukraine and russian people seem to let it go without much resistance , not to mention use of mercenaries that allows to further reduce the official death toll . 
  sanctions down seem to deter russia either . 
  so how do you make it `` too costly for russia to attack '' ? 
   not to mention the simple fact of being in nato accomplished this . 
  estonia could have not even a single gun or soldier in their country and as long as they are in nato , nato power comes from it 's members , it does not exist in the ether like some sort of weaponized captain planet waiting to be called to save the day , if nato members do n't have military power neither does nato itself . 
   they are safe as russia would never attack nato . 
  well russia attacking country they called their bothers was an `` impossibility '' too . 
  this statement is pure gamble . 
  speaking of gambling , russia does not want all out war with nato , it 's true , but if they could get away with attacking nato member the result of that would be huge , most common example is narva , if russia could repeat easter ukraine scenario in narva and get away with it , it could completely undermine entire nato . 
  now it 's hard to guess if nato members would `` send soldiers to die for narva '' , but lack of any nato presence in the area increases chance that moscow could be tempted to risk it , since if there 's more or less no nato forces in the area ( as was the case in baltic states up till now , with the exception of 4 jets for air patrol mission ) probability and ability to quickly respond to such attack would be minimal , which allows for conflict to be perceived not as between nato and russia , but between estonian military/govt and unclear `` rebels/revolutionaries '' . 
  i find idea of all out war for baltic impossible , yet i see people bringing this up all the time as the one way that conflict can happen . 
  i do n't think the end goal of conflict would be complete control over baltics , instead i think it 's about trying to make cracks in nato as entity and this `` nato should disband '' narrative is often brought up in russian govt news channels . 
  so guess that explains `` what exactly does russia have to gain ? '', 
   all these silly arguments you are making and all the very easy counterpoints you missed are part of the context of this discussion that i do think is important context is always important . 
  the only argument i made is that context is important and you should n't ignore it , rest were examples why . 
  and you seem to agree , so what 's your point ? 
   however , i 'll be clear as i can here , context is not important at all when declaring a discussion over as a result of stating your opinion as fact . 
  and again if you read his message he was n't `` declaring a discussion over '' , maybe i missed something but he was responding to a specific message and tossed it out as not important based on context . 
  that 's not `` i declare this entire discussion over ! '', 
  and you are just digging for reasons , yes we can have a deeper discussion on point on point issue if the point is feasible , but if the guy says `` estonia should just focus on building it 's own force to make attack too costly , but how that can be achieved just slipped my mind '' then to the trash bin it goes . 
  ofc he could have pointed it out that there 's an issue with that argument but tbh arguments like these keep poping up in every discussion on pretty much any topic and they are tedious for most people to deal with , for example this `` what exactly does russia have to gain ? '', 
  question is just a discussion killer , because it seems like even basic context of topic at hand is missing . 
  so ye when people are pushing these same arguments that have very obvious answers some do just opt for just brushing it aside . 
  if someone keeps telling you hes correct because his jumper is blue and every time you say his clothes have nothing to do with whatever the argument is he goes `` yea , but my jumper is blue '' how long are you going to keep answering that it 's not an argument ? 
  how long can you keep it up with every other person you meet goes `` ye but my scarf is yellow !, 
  '' , `` my sandals are wet ! '' . 
  and we go back to context : yes there are thing for russia gain , yes nato has it 's own goals , no you ca n't solve this issue with your own forces when it relates to nuclear military superpower and you 're a tiny nation of just over a million people . 
  context . 
  and it 's not like these bits of information are hidden from public . . 
  did you even read the message ? 
  i gave you an example of context , alternatively you can read the op 's link or other comments . 
  you are pretending that the topic or anything related to it does n't exist and jumping on people for pointing out how others make points that ignore basics of the topic at hand to make points that make no sense . 
  example : / u/tomkiisk wrote :  if we want to be able to defend our country , we need to develop our own independent capabilities . 
  that is to acquire as much firepower as we can . 
  this point is complete nonsense since estonia could spend 100 % of their budget for the next century and not be in a position to defend themselves against russia . 
  this is a stupid point and there 's absolutely no reason to make a deeper argumentation against this point . 
  so ye / u/h2ppyme throwing such argument out is perfectly legit way to deal with it , just like you do n't need to make a deep argumentation against someone claiming that us is run by alien lizards . 
  and yet you continue to ignore and even claim that context is not important here . 
  and that - is also nonsense . 
  context is important and you need it to have a conversation on a topic , otherwise everyone would just have to talk at length on every point and it 's implications on every message and every time they mention it . 
  so ye , some people just assume that people are not stupid and just brush off points that make no sense in the context of the topic . 
  tbh when this topic broke in lithuania ( years ago ) it was a big deal and there were plenty of people sweating . 
  tho at the end investigations hit the wall when they asked us to provide extra information ( of course they did n't ) . 
  but you 're ignoring context in which it is being said . 
  i think post / u/toreon made just above puts a lot of what the context is for example . 
  so yes when / u/h2ppyme makes an argument like `` russia caused the tension , we need protection , end of story . '', 
  keeping context in mind and not pretending that it was said in a vacuum does help to understand why he said it . 
  your answer , however , implies that you 're either intentionally ignoring the context or do not have one to begin with , hence i find your argumentation style tad bit dishonest . 
  sure . 
  what 's next ? 
  put saudi arabia to be the head of human rights wat ... oh wait ... 
   `` the history of lithuanian jews must become an integral part of lithuania 's system of education . '' it is , argument can be had if it 's enough ( i graduated ~ 10 years ago and i do recall the topic being relatively short in length , mostly because of how information-packed entire ww2 history is ) , but article hints that it is not the case at all . 
  `` diev\u0173 mi\u0161kas '' ( forest of the gods ) by balys sruoga was ( and i bet still is ) a big must read in literature lessons for example . 
  yep , that 's exactly why he is being replaced so suddenly . 
  so what you 're saying is that a lot of em have sore throat ? 
  swords to plowshares !, 
  people so quick to talk about putin launching nukes , here 's a question , if it comes down to it - will his generals push their buttons ? 
  many of them may have their children/money abroad , even if they wo n't be held accountable for pushing it ( since everyone will be dead ) will they push it ? 
  com ` on , they 're just tourists !, 
  i recall some political expert raving about how reason pensioners do n't get free ride in moscow 's public transportation is not because of putin or russian govt but because obama stopped that . 
   it 's like you 're going to bed in wilno , and then you wake up in vilnius you forgot to mention that before that someone went to bed in vilnius and woke up in wilno and got told they have no place there . 
  my grand grandmother and her sister were forced to learn polish after this transformation . 
  they were not from polish speaking families . 
  at the end of the day my grand grandmother had a chance to learn lithuanian , but her sister did n't . 
  this issue is not so straightforward . 
  they are not in nato but russian actions there do say something about their disposition towards their neighbors as do some of saber rattling rhetoric coming from them , to ignore that from nato side is utter negligence . 
  so yes the points i made are relevant , in geopolitical calculation you do not carelessly brush off such events . 
   i never said there was n't any or that they should n't be , russia did n't touch a nato member in 67 years because of the nuclear deterrent and i never said you did . 
  i just explained why nuclear deterrent is not be all end all . 
  you seem to think that for nato using nukes on first occasion is a given . 
  or do you think russia will commit to 1st strike ? 
   what could possibly be in the baltics or eastern europe that is worth risking wwiii ? 
  peter i the great could give you an answer , i know that most people remember him from history lessons because of whole beard shaving thing , but whole `` cutting window to europe '' was a bit less proverbial than that . 
  so what is window to europe ? 
  warm water port on baltic coast . 
  closest port - memel ( now klaip\u0117da ) . 
  second part to this answer is the same reason ukraine is on their toes - land bridge : in case of ukraine - to crimea , in case of baltics - to kaliningrad . 
  lets not forget that one of the argument why crimea is so important to russia is port in sevastopol . 
  if you put this whole thing as a risk of wwiii rather than hybrid conflicts and implications thereof key factor becomes - how much of a risk is it ? 
  well it took georgian conflict , crimea and a decade for nato to finally put tripwire forces in baltics . 
  if nato 's dedication to this region is so minuscule - how likely is situation to escalate to wwiii ? 
  so there 's your answer to  but that was never the point of nato deterrent in the first place ? 
  if deterrent is not there - chances of something like crimea happening increases , since nato would be creating an image of them not being committed to defense of the region , hence increasing chances for success of either crimea scenario or much less likely case of `` our tanks can reach x withing a week '' . 
  either way you need deterrent here . 
   if i would be brainwashed and just before that :  what happened next was after the war , the occupation of baltic countries and the rest of the eastern block it 's an historical that happened after the end of the war . 
  you are aware that soviet union initially occupied baltic countries before germany , right ?
