  where are you pulling this shit from ?? 
  the comment section ? 
   practicing huge war games you also forgot to mention that these include simulated nuclear strikes on countries around baltics ( scandinavian countries and poland ), 
  lithuanians do n't actually talk shit about commonwealth , it 's an outdated notion coming from zeligowski 's mutiny when lithuanian nationalist 's in backlash of what happened actually were talking shit about commonwealth , so yeah this info is ~ 90 years old  i guess some of us are still butt hurt about zeligowski and pilsudski , tho generally in history classes it 's viewed as a mix of misguided attempt at some sort of resurrection of commonwealth and polish politicians just going along with whole vilnius thing out of convenience . 
  personally i hate current ignorance of quite a bit polish politicians ( people are a different case altogether ) regarding whole minority issues thing . 
  feels like they are either completely ignorant about issue or are intentionally trying to start shit up by supporting those `` characters '' . 
  an that 's exactly why you did n't take any stance on that analogy ...  to continue on that analogy , you 're that kid that then runs to his friends and asks them to hit him . 
  oh . . wait ^ a ^ minute, 
  yes and that 's exactly why you 're not posting about it here right no ... 
  wait a minute !, 
  and you 're the prick that defends the 1st guy . 
  russia [ has a way of cuddling up ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russian-european-far-right-parties-converge-in-st-petersburg/517839.html ) to eu 's right wing while calling everyone around them nazis, 
  there was also a tragic case of one of truck drivers [ killing himself in his truck while waiting for a ferry ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/crime/milziniskoje-eileje-istriges-vilkiko-vairuotojas-pasirinko-mirti.d?id=70357964 ) . 
  situation on their end seem desperate , tho truckers seem to blame poland for whole situation . 
  watch out , next we 'll figure out they like to drink tea too !, 
  oh imagine how world will change !, 
  they are going via ferries from klaip\u0117da to denmark , tho [ lines there are huge ( source in lithuanian ) ] ( http://lietuvosdiena.lrytas.lt/aktualijos/rusijos-vezeju-paguoda-talpesnis-keltas-ir-troskinys.htm ) since denmark does not alter amount of ferries they send to klaip\u0117da to match this situation ( well they did start sending larger ferries now it seems ) . 
  i used to watch it several years ago , back then it was obvious biased but they tried to report some real thing and when spinning they would use somewhat reasonable ways of reporting , like when talking about `` fall of usa '' they would point out actual problems with lets say education and then wildly extrapolate from that , crazy but initial fact about education issues would would be mostly true . 
  with time it got worse and worse ( now that i think about it , it started with return of putin and aggregation of all russian media under single umbrella ) , less logic less actual fact , more doom-saying , more over the top patriotism , anti-western rhetoric was cranked to 11 . 
  i broke and stopped watching it altogether somewhere in the middle of peter lavelle 's crosstalk episode regarding whole ukraine shabang when he , being heavily biased towards russian position , had 2 guests with same outlook . 
  only one providing alternative view on the issue was some guy who cound n't let go of single unconfirmed rumour about the situation . 
  ca n't recall what it was but basically it 's was something compromising `` rebels '' and even west considered that to be a fake . 
  obviously he got destroyed by the other 3 while trying to defend that nonsense . 
  so yeah it was so cringey i just could n't keep watching rt afterwards . 
  edit : didnt read sputnik before but i poke around it once in a while when something big hits to see how they are spinning the story , rt site same thing , you could see russian politician position shift before they would happen , for example narrative about whole novorosyja thing suddenly morphing into proposal for federalisation of ukraine . 
  good job , [ it 's about time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_j6-3l3hcm0 ) . 
  well russia did shut down oil pipeline druzba because lithuania did n't sell oil refinery to them ( to companies they control that is ) , they said it 's for `` repairs '' and yes it was never reopened . 
  already working on it . 
  we laid out a cable between sweden and lithuania , we told russians it 's power cable , but actually we 're planing on making a massive human chain disguising it as commemoration of baltic way and then pull on that cable thus pulling entire scandinavia closer . 
  it 's the perfect plan !, 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.lsta.lt/files/seminarai/2012-12-18%20vz_konf/03_rokas%20masiulis_5.3.pdf ) 2-3 bln m ^ 3, 
   eastern europe has been wanting to provoke russia for a while now . 
  yeah , by selling them milk ... outrageous ... 
  so in this case kadyrov is alarak ? 
  you 're not incorrect , but that 's not how it 's viewed by quite large parts of russian population . 
  due to letting ussr disintegrate he as perceived as weak , and russians generally like/respect `` strong '' leaders . 
  also some blame him for starting what yeltsin is usually blamed for : corrupt privatisation and robbing russia . 
  indeed :d, 
  yeah , were still not too good with it . . no worries we 'll get better ^ or ^ so ^ i ^ hope, 
  [ calculations intensify ] ( https://media2.giphy.com/media/c7pckqloqz8ws/200_s.gif ), 
  i tried to make a long and winding post about how this looks like some totalitarian shit that ussr used to do during occupation of baltic states , but realised that i 'm writing very obvious things that sane people should understand without anyone spelling it out for them ... yet we have these news here ... what am i supposed to say in this case ? 
  are you fucking people batshit insane !, 
  while duty to the emperor is obviously the purest motivation a man can have , appealing to his ` baser ' motives , such as love of home and family , can yield surprising results . 
  working on a [ prototype ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ymt7s39tyrg/usrd5-p2sqi/aaaaaaaadtu/yr34zycopi8/s400/img_3187.jpg ) already !, 
  yeah , also afaik poland turned down reactionaries who tried to flip vilnius to poland during independence movement . 
  damn braliukai , looks like you 're on a ball with this one . 
  i guess we need to shape up . 
  crimea wanting to secede is ukraine 's internal issue , `` international community '' should keep on the side as long as there 's no urgent need to do otherwise . 
  i imagine if siberia decided to go independent and `` international community '' started dictating rf what they can or ca n't do everyone in rf govt would go apeshit about `` international community '' butting in where it does not belong . 
  ukraine did n't really get to say anything about the issue since referendum was not agreed to with govt and immediately after it rf took unilateral action of annexing crimea . 
  so given the situation ukraine did n't even have time to `` not give two shits '' , because one part of `` international community '' decided they know better what to do . 
  people have that right , governments , however , do not get to unilaterally decide what still belongs to other nations and what does not . 
  ignoring question about legitimacy of referendum we can say that crimeans have a right to self determination and can make a vote on joining rf . 
  russian federation however has to respect sovereignty of ukraine and ca n't unilaterally accept crimea into russian federation without getting ok from ukraine . 
  so no right to self-determination does not play a role here , rf can not unilaterally tear off a part of other nation * even * if population agrees to it . 
  yes yes i 'm well aware that rf tends to wipe its arse with things like sovereignty or recognition of national borders , trust me i am well aware of it . 
  you can stop making excuses now . 
  i know rf is not interested in what their neighbours think about their imperial ambition fuelled land grabs . 
  yes , sure , i heard , it 's actually spiritual capital of russia , very convincing . 
  crimea ( obviously ) , for example . 
  yes i know . 
  that was the point . 
  instead he is `` repatriating '' russians together with land of other nations . 
  well if he is worried about those 25 mil people he can always arrange generous repatriation program and those people who really want to be part of the russia will most definitely return . 
  tho he seems to have a different idea on how to go about this ... 
  yeah , lithuania would probally work better [ the invisible front ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2073679/plotsummary?ref_=tt_ov_pl ) for this, 
  maybe it 's because slavic and baltic languages have very similar grammar . 
  tho i 'm not sure if just that can make it `` sound slavic '' . 
  yes but it makes it harder for nato to make a move or , if you want to rephrase : it gives some western powers an excuse not to scramble to situation , hence making use of proposed measured much harder . 
  overall high speed , high precision strike force is great idea , tho even low yield bombs will give a green light to less rational people in power to try something ( tho ultimately i doubt any of the generals in charge of rf nuclear arsenal is insane enough to push the button on behest of such actors ) . 
  tho public opinion outcry in the west might be too much to dead with for western politicians , use of any type of nukes is very hard to justify , people are still bashing us over japan . 
  another big issue is hybrid war since that ca n't be solved with a precision strike . 
  [ this basically ] ( https://media0.giphy.com/media/ifxlk48cnyddi/200_s.gif ) . 
  got ta appeal to the crowd in some way i guess ... edit : i much more prefer simple and clear gestures like three crosses and tricolor today . 
  you do n't need to be trendy , just be clear and straightforward . 
  oh no ^ pls ^ do n't :d, 
  as far as churchill himself , yes there 's plenty of bad , worse and horrible . 
  given something to deal with he would indeed opt for some of most ruthless solutions . 
  but scale and amount of premeditation of these acts are not really comparable . 
  i do n't think comparing stalin with churchill is in any way fair . 
  i get your point on shit he 's done , but his record is far more mixed : where churchill would on the spot go for really poor choice , stalin would plan out these things on mass scale ensuring whatever he plans hits as much people as possible with as little way of escape as possible . 
  like with starvation of kazakhs : take animals for collective farms , delay all implementation of those farms delaying leaders and such , offer no help with that , move all grain reserves from the area and there , 10 mil + kazakhs are starving all the while soviet union is selling bread en masse for cheap to europe . 
  and yeah churchill did make excuses for gulag camps in africa and he did brag about `` shooting 3 primitives by himself '' and he also refused to send food supplies to starving regions in india . 
  how does that compare to personally ordering construction of entire gulag network and organising mass deportations , being personally responsible for 34-49 mil deaths and intentionally creating famines in ukraine , chechnya , kazakhstan and several other places ? 
  tldr ; churchill has done fucked up shit but comparing him to stalin i think is a bit too far , scale and ambition of their actions are on completely different levels , churchill was trying to carve out `` sanctuaries '' for white people in africa and india with slaughter and gulags , brutally quelling uprisings and such , stalin was trying to eradicate entire ethnicities on top of pretty much entire list of same shit churchill was doing . 
   we 're specifically talking about leaders who are rated favorably no were not . 
  stop twisting it . 
  and once again : you quote mined me to bend your argument when it was no longer useful for you to stick to original sentence you quoted when answering me . 
  sorry i do n't buy your `` this is not working so now i 'm going to argue different thing and heres a quote of you i just mangled to fit my argument '' nonsense . 
  also :  nothing new really , afaik russian people are quite consistent on who the best leaders they ever had are , no surprises here you quote mined me here , that 's not what i said , you took it out of context by posting only a part of my sentence , the full sentence was :  nothing new really , afaik russian people are quite consistent on who the best leaders they ever had are , no surprises here ** - the tougher and more bloodthirsty leader is - the higher they rate him . 
  ** you even quoted this full sentence when responding to me originally . 
   stalin gaining popularity in putin 's russia that 's the context my post was made in . 
  you do know how context works right ? 
   you could replace `` russia '' with pretty much any western nation ok , i put germany in here with hitler , same time frame - check , western europe - check , hitler was leader of germany at the same time stalin was leader of ussr - check , you following me up till now ? 
   stalin gaining popularity in putin 's russia so stalin is gaining popularity now in russia , you with me ? 
  now ... is hitler gaining popularity in germany now ? 
   so neither of them apply to your own post or my reply . 
  why refer to an argument i did n't make ? 
  as show above , they do - you 're flat out lying here , i took same time frame on when leaders were active , i took western nation and i compared adoration of said leader in said county now same as is the case in op 's topic . 
   there 's not much difference between the atrocities committed stalin and churchill .
