  like there are plenty of longer words in there , so it ca n't be a time saving thing . 
    at any rate , i 'm surprised the mods need prompting given that this news is over an hour old . 
  yeah , how dare they not be awake 24 hours a day to sticky things on reddit, 
  there 's nothing ambiguous about it . 
  brian boru ( briefly ) unified ireland before the normans showed up . 
  which is what the lad above said . 
  yes . 
  hence prior to the norman invasion . 
  brian b\u00f3ruma mac cenn\u00e9tig, 
  and ruin it ? 
  nah we 'll send them to rockall, 
  potatoes for all !, 
  only in america could `` all white people are the same '' not be considered racist, 
  well , fish goes off pretty quickly and it takes time to get it to inland areas , especially if the roads are terrible, 
  lemass better be at # 1 or so help me i 'll shake my fist so hard ... 
  then there was that whole thing with the drink driving tests . 
   so i do n't know where you got the `` without telling the other european countries '' bit from his arse most likely, 
  does n't help that the average apartment here is fucking godawful . 
  a whole week ? 
  luxury . 
  we had a day and we were happy . 
  but it is a purely personal matter . 
  if people see it as murder then that 's their problem , others do n't . 
  the only people who should have any say in whether or not a woman has an abortion are the mother and her partner as ultimately , they 're the only ones involved and the are ones who are effected the most by it . 
  it 's no-one else 's business what they decide to do and people need to stop thinking that it is . 
   so , do you think it will change soon ? 
  i hope so . 
  some progress has been made recently , it 's slow but it 's there . 
   i do n't even see the point in being against gay marriages for example , it does n't affect me . 
  this is what gets me too . 
  as far as i 'm concerned abortion and gay marriages are private concerns between the individuals involved . 
  if people disagree with it , fine whatever , they 're allowed have whatever narrow-minded opinion they want . 
  that does n't give them the right however to tell other people how to live their personal lives . 
  yes , but a lot of ( i 'd say most ) people outside ireland wo n't know what tanaiste means . 
  a lot of people in ireland support both gay marriages and a woman 's right to choose , the only problem is that our politicians ( like politicians everywhere ) are useless cunts who pay more attention to lobbies than the people who elect them . 
  went on an interrail trip a few years ago and it was honestly one of the most enjoyable experiences i 've ever had . 
  there 's nothing like travelling the trains and the best way to see any country is by train . 
  ah awesome . 
  that 's a pretty nice setup . 
  * makes note to befriend farmer *, 
  where you live sounds glorious . 
  how much would all that cost , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i was half expecting to see a whole load of robins being blown everywhere when i clicked that link , was mildly disappointed . 
  still though interesting picture to get the scale of the storm . 
  it 's an old pagan/celtic festival . 
  from what i remember , it 's the night when the boundaries between this world and the spirit world are at their weakest and all the sprites/evil spirits/pucks/grumpkins etc. 
  would cross over to cause all sorts of mischief and harm . 
  people would light bonfires as a way of scaring them off . 
  that the results of your last eu3 game ? 
  so by your logic , scandanavian nations should be paying reparations for the sack of lindisfarne and paris , italy should be saying sorry for leveling carthage all those years ago and everyone should be apologizing to everyone for the 30 years war . 
  constantly raking over the past and expecting people to `` apologize '' and feel bad for it is not only childish , it 's a sure fire way for increasing tensions and generally making the world a shitter place . 
  oooooooh , you walk a fine line ... keep it up :d, 
  i was going off of the description in the sidebar . 
   50 countries , 230 languages , 731m people i 'm beginning to question the rest of it now . 
  are there really 50 countries ? 
  what if it 's actually just germany and a really cranky cat ? 
  how we tell truth from fiction ? 
  we all will . 
  all ~ ~ 731 ~ ~ 503 million of us standing up there behind that podium . 
  if you think that 's bad just wait till the acceptance speech gets under way . 
   on the other hand , the idea that ireland and spain have n't faced a downside is laughable . 
  14 % unemployment ( and rising ) in ireland , mass emigration and thousands living in fear of losing their homes is n't a downside ? 
  yeah , in ireland at least , the national broadcaster airs it every monday . 
  ron swanson is possibly one of the best characters i 've seen in any show . 
  in fairness , there was a lot more to it than that . 
  heavy influence from the legions leading to a corrupt and ineffectual leadership , gradual erosion of central authority , several hundred thousand pissed off goths/burgundians/lombards / franks etc. 
  it was the perfect storm of crises and even then , it was only the western half that fell , which was traditionally the poorer half of the empire . 
  the eastern empire went on to survive for another 1000 years and they remained highly centralised . 
  to say that the centralised model is what brought down the roman empire is simplying things immensely and in many cases is what led to it becoming the power it was . 
   the point is that centralisation and uniformity tend to stifle economies rome did pretty well for itself . 
  it was one of the most economically active and culturally vibrant points of european history . 
  now there 's a method of integration the e.u parliament missed out on . 
  a pan europe pub crawl . 
  aw yeah . 
  something that is conceived of as `` good '' in anyway is entirely subjective to the person conceiving it . 
  sorry , bit grumpy today . 
  did n't mean that to come off as sarcastic as it did . 
  i knew someone would get pedantic about this . 
  when i said muslims , i meant it more in the sense that there are few ( if any ) zoroastrians , coptics , buddhists , confucians or seventh day adventists , * insert religion here * , protesting the film . 
  i know that not all muslims support the protesters or are the stereotypical extremists the media likes to portray them as and are , on the whole , ordinary people just trying to live their lives . 
  this was all a bit complex for my , still asleep , mildly hungover , over abused brain to put into words this morning , but i posted anyway in the hopes that people would get the general gist of what i was getting at and not pedantically point out something we all already know and understand . 
  i like how , while everyone else in greece is protesting rising poverty , crippling austerity and the general shittiness of the situation , muslims are protesting some shitty film nobody would have known or cared about had they not started protesting it . 
  the ukip , that 's the group i was thinking about when i was writing . 
  cheers . 
  i remember watching a video of nigel farage berating the parliament and seeing all the utterly bored faces on the other memebers . 
  they all had such utter `` christ , here we go again '' expressions . 
  all ducks must wear slippers on a tuesday , but only after a solstice . 
  that 'll be 400,000 $ please . 
  as far as i know , the bnp have several seats in the eu parliament and they 're largely ignored as a nuisance . 
  do n't see why the golden dawn would be any different . 
  not with that attitude . 
  do n't listen to him germany , i still like you . 
   the smartly dressed elderly man tilted his head back , opened his mouth , and lowered a raw slimy fish down the back of his throat . 
  ugh , must we be subjected to this creative writing wankery with every news article these days ? 
  i 'm reading [ the thirty years war : europe 's tragedy ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/thirty-years-war-europes-tragedy/dp/0674062310/ref=sr_1_2?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1346794645&amp;sr=1-2 ) at the moment and the first few chapters give a good overview of how the hre operated at the time and during the war . 
  it 's pretty good , highly recommend it . 
   you are bankrupt but god forbid you stop putting money on german and france military industry hey , the military industrial complex really needs that ivory backscratcher . 
  it 's a ritual hazing that every new member of the eu goes through . 
  how do you think we feel ? 
  we had to host the eurovision a bunch of times .
