  place is one giant tourist trap . 
  addendum : your closest relatives will be billed for the cost of the bolter shell . 
  i usually just go for british and irish people ... 
  though i also tend to use britain and ireland instead . 
   for example , i live in france and , though i am not a french citizen , i am an eu citizen . 
  french people have the right to vote for the president here and i do not - when it comes to voting rights , the french citizens do have more rights than i do . 
  on the other hand , when my friend from australia visits , i have more rights than he does . 
  ireland has a similar set-up . 
  access to voting in referenda and general/eu/local elections are graded based on citizen , uk national , eu national and non-eu national . 
   google a map of the british isles and see what you get . 
  google image search is not an authority on political or social definitions . 
   problem with the term is that the uk also uses it as a term for themselves . 
  the problem with the term is that depending on who you go with , it was either coined by a greek geographer who 's been dead for 2000 years and who knew next to nothing about the place , or by john dee an english aristocrat alive in the 1500 's , at which point it takes on lovely imperialist overtones . 
  either way neither definition takes the position of ireland as an entity into account and is hardly a valid definition for the modern age . 
  especially once all those social and political developments have been taken into account . 
   well technically we are british ( ireland is part of the british isles , british people are from the british isles ) . 
  technically we 're not because british people come from the island of britain . 
  which is that island . 
  over there . 
  here i am , stuck in the middle with you . 
  ah now , you woul n't be getting the likes of them lot up in boyle in monasterevin or portumna . 
  maybe over in nenagh , but you know what them big city folks do be like . 
  [ we also got rid of a king recently . 
  ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/discover/did-we-all-know-ireland-is-overthrowing-a-king-today-673074.html ), 
  the implied union of europe . 
  0/10 troll harder . 
  what the fuck does it being 2015 have to do with anything ? 
   military conflict with semi-authoritarian country for a rock in the middle of nowhere \u2611 fine gael are bad , but i would n't go that far and the rockall thing has n't got that bad ye ... oh , you mean argentina . 
  except the nazis never had more than 40 % of the vote , so they were never really a majority . 
  sweet , then we can just claim the two of you at once . 
   ( it was free before ) no it was n't , it was paid for through taxation . 
  the reason we need to bring in water charges is because every clown in the local authorities never put the money where it was supposed to go and the pipes have n't been maintained properly for 50 years . 
  john stuart mill ( who , of his own free will , on half a pint of shandy was particularly ill ) . 
  considering that opinion polls on same-sex marriage usually put support between 70-80 % , i 'm going to go with yes . 
  jokes tend to be funny . 
  slogging my way through book 11 of wheel of time . 
  fuck you jordan , fuck you and your fucking braid pulling . 
  what if they were born in europe ? 
  well i knew all along , i was just waiting to see if anyone else did . 
   well sein fein is leading the polls in ireland now as well . 
  sinn fein would be a fucking disaster if they got in . 
  the only reason they 're popular now is because they have a good grass roots operation and they 're also not tainted by being one of the `` big three '' ( labour , fine gael , fianna fail ) , so they 're not tainted with any of the fallout from the recession/austerity . 
  all of their support would abandon them the second they got into office and had to start making compromises . 
  right now they can offer everything because they 're in opposition and are free to offer anything that makes them look good . 
  alcohol , the one thing that truly unites all europeans . 
  is this how we form a proper eu federation , stage a continent wide lock-in ? 
  the new internal borders will be determined by where everyone wakes up the next morning . 
  it 's reddit and people love to karma-whore, 
  to be fair , it 's better than ff getting back in . 
  not much better , but kind of like getting treatable cancer , as opposed to non-treatable . 
  born to irish parents . 
  `` being born in a stable does not make a man a horse . '', 
  ok , i 'm no doubt missing something , but what do `` common root 1 '' and `` common root 2 '' refer to ? 
   but i 'm glad i do n't speak it     why would you be `` glad '' ? 
  is n't it better to know a language than not to know it ? 
  there 's a lot of people in this country who have an irrational hatred of the language brought on largely by the way it 's taught . 
  a lot of the time that usually ends up developing into an irrational hatred for anyone who even expresses interest in the language . 
  we 're schrodinger 's country . 
  we 're both conservative and progressive at the same time . 
  report slams journalists overuse of words . 
  thank you for your service o7, 
   injecting hard drugs like ethanol ... who the fuck ... do people actually ... what ? 
  hey !, 
  i 'll have you know we saw the sun at least twice this year . 
  what about people who were n't eligible to vote ? 
  that 's great fucking reasoning . 
  `` hey , your ancestors did n't live up to our modern ideals , so now you get to suffer the consequences . '' . 
  fuck you you fucking cunt . 
  do n't know what it 's like in the uk , but can confirm last few weeks here have been horrible for the humidity . 
   i see a lot of people here saying things along the lines of `` that 's cute '' what people do n't understand is that its ** unbearably muggy ** this is why i do n't understand why people get so excited for summer . 
  instead of being overcast and cold , it 's overcast and humid . 
  yeah , is n't forestry one of norway 's big industries ? 
  was n't he pushing that whole pan-turkism thing a while back ? 
  really wish i 'd invested in popcorn stocks three weeks ago ... 
  oh , well , if could is written in uppercase then that must mean it 's true, 
  they 've nothing else left bless them . 
  how far underground do national borders go ? 
  we could just dig under britain to finish the tunnel off . 
   there are more `` irish '' people in the us than in ireland ftfy, 
   mainland why would the unionists go to france ? 
  the pale was the zone of direct british control and administration throughout the middle ages . 
  it gradually faded away as british rule became more established . 
   is it occupied now ? 
  nah , cork got rid of the tans ages ago . 
  just rolls off the tongue . 
  i foresee a lot of shops with some variation of the name `` 50 shades of green '' opening up, 
  you 'd rather have wars and failing states on all of our borders ? 
  please do n't . 
  prices for people living here are bad enough as it is, 
  it 's the price we pay for your ancestors being a bunch of imperialist shitheads, 
  that was mostly due to an aircraft leasing firm `` moving '' it 's aircraft to the country . 
  it was a once off so chances are we ( hopefully ) wo n't be seeing any bullshit figures like it again . 
  my mate decco said his da was in the ra and that he 'd get him to beat me up after school if i did n't give him my twix . 
  so they 're still pretty active down south . 
  give mead a shot . 
  super easy , all you need is honey , water and yeast . 
  tastes great and does n't leave you with a hangover . 
  source ? 
  i met someone not too long ago trying to claim harney was one of the best ministers for health we 'd had . 
  why do you spell out every word except `` you '' ?
