if spain let catalonia go and the uk let scotland go , that would net some quick and cheap imperial authority points . 
  it 's a troll . 
  ignore him . 
  i wonder are the artists aware of the irony of using the bedrock of western culture for their anti-western propaganda ? 
  assuming of course this is n't some sort of elaborate troll ... 
  they said something along the lines of `` i hate england , it 's such a shitty country '' . 
  [ ah now , there 's no need for that ] ( http://tomywrite.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/careful-now.jpg ), 
  nah , stella 's the beer of choice for the classy scumbag . 
  think they got rid of the widget a few years back . 
  been a while since i had a can of guinness so i could n't tell you for sure . 
  to be fair , at this stage , that 's like 5 people sitting by the canal drinking cans of stella . 
  because the name of the country is ireland . 
   insist that clannad make shit music but they do ... 
   ireland are `` catholic '', 
  spelt phonetically it 'd be along the lines of tea-shock . 
  / u/ninety6days is referring to this [ bloody sunday ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_%281920%29 ), 
  a friend of mine recently got me hoi as a present , finishing off my paradox collection . 
  i 've now been tasked with doing a grand campaign from ck2 all the way to hoi . 
  just trying to work out who to play as . 
  i 'm thinking cornwall or the isle of mann . 
   in a democracy , when things go wrong the people to blame are the people responsible for legislation and economic policies . 
  these are the people we elect - our governments . 
  however a case could be made that this decision was made for our elected officials by people we did n't elect i.e. 
  the ecb and merkel & co. 
  it got added to duolingo recently , so hopefully that 'll improve it 's use and people 's abilities with it . 
  if anything it 'll be a great resource for schools . 
   we , poles , had a covenant with uk and france when hitler attacked . 
  and guess what ? 
  they did n't help us what were they supposed to do ? 
  airlift troops across germany ? 
  sail around jutland and land in danzig ? 
  the french and british military 's were in little better shape than poland 's . 
  dunkirk and the ardennes sort of proved that . 
  they declared war on germany in response to the invasion of poland and given the geography of the continent that 's about all they were able to do . 
  we pay the great unemployed masses to run in giant hamster wheels , thus powering the continent . 
  maybe we work it into some giant mechanical apparatus that allows us to break away from russia entirely and go sailing round the globe * toot-toot * . 
  as an added bonus , we now have a huge population of super fit people to draw on for the olympics . 
   all your bullshit i award you 0 points . 
  troll harder . 
  as far as i know , part of the reason the scots are looking for independence is that they feel their political views are n't represented adequately in westminster . 
  ireland 's population is roughly the same as scotland 's , so i do n't think the addition of mps from ireland would be much of a game changer . 
  also , and more importantly , the issue of union with britain has been a never ending source of grief for this country and the island as a whole and the problems associated with it have only begun to die down in the last 20 years or so . 
  to join the uk again would only open up all those old problems again and that 's something i think i can safely say nobody wants to deal with . 
  it would also mean that cunt cameron was in charge . 
  kenny 's not great , but yeah , no thanks . 
  be nice to be able to call the mediterranean , mare nostrum again though . 
  europe wants russia to stop fucking with it 's neighbours and attempting to annex them . 
  it appears we 've reached an impasse . 
   but yeah , europe is a bullshit continent . 
  d'awww someone 's still upset they did n't get passed vienna . 
  * face on her like a bag of spanners - someone who 's particularly fugly * he will on his hole - it 's unlikely that he 'll perform this action * g'way outta dah ( go away out of that ) - i do n't believe you * deadly buzz - sounds great * geebag - general insult these are mostly dublin oriented though . 
  i ca n't speak for those beyond the pale . 
  i do n't venture that way much , ` tis a scary place . 
   common tradition , religion and language . 
  these things developed over time as they 're developing on a wider european framework now . 
  the baroque , romantic and gothic movements had an influence on every european nation as did the rennaissance and reformation , so from that point of view there is a common european tradition . 
  as for religion all of our cultures were all hevaily influenced by christianity in some fashion and then later by the secular movements , so that 's a check for that one . 
  that just leaves language as the only real obstacle and that 's changing with the internet and the increasing movement of people around the continent . 
  not to mention the fact that english has become the lingua franca for the world . 
   but it has n't catapulted us back to the 1870s . 
  i was over in the states a year or so ago for some training and one of my co-workers honestly thought that the entirety of europe had been reduced to third world standards of living thanks to the crisis . 
  the bird was later found dead of polonium poisoning . 
  contaminated bird bath is suspected . 
   do n't talk about colonial india . 
  do n't praise the congress party . 
  in fact , just do n't talk politics with indians . 
  what about the mughals ? 
  can we talk about them ? 
  what about mahmud of ghazni ? 
  sure jambalaya 's just soup with notions about itself . 
  i usually go for ales , or rum/whiskey/schnapps if i 'm in the mood for performing some exorcisms . 
  life destroys us all in the end . 
  christ . 
  this is the perfect definition of repeating a big lie enough times for people to believe it . 
  rt spewing utter shit ? 
  no , never . 
  i 'm not saying he should n't be allowed to fly the flag . 
  he can fly whatever fucking flag he likes as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but you ca n't fly a controversial flag and not expect some people to be antagonised by it . 
  especially when the locals are largely from an area with contentious relations with the country that flag represents . 
  that not to say i support the people who attacked him . 
  i hope they 're caught and locked up . 
  however your man could have been a bit more aware of what he was doing and the trouble he might have gotten himself into . 
  it would be like me wondering why i got the shit kicked out of me after riding through alabama blaring l'internationale at full volume . 
  i find common sense is usually a good place to start . 
  no worries . 
  that 's a perfect amount to get started :d, 
  that forest looks amazing . 
  do you know how difficult would it be to get there ? 
  a well deserved response to what exactly ? 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  would social democrats and democratic socialists not really be the same thing ? 
  keeping track of labels for political groupings can be a job in itself sometimes . 
  being an eu citizen , they 're entitled to vote in an eu election . 
  if they happen to be resident in an eu country at the time of the election , then they should be entitled to cast their vote there . 
   hmm really ? 
  the wiki says the battle of dublin happened on 1922 ? 
  that was the beginning of the civil war between the free state and the anti-treaty ira . 
  the easter rising against british rule took place in 1916 . 
  it would keep those northumbrians out .
