  that sort of counts , right ? 
  [ amsterdam in about 50 years ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130202000641/starwars/images/5/5b/otoh_gungan-star_tours_ii.png ), 
  i would have thought it would be volcanic ash . 
   whereas ireland is . 
  our politics/policies are just taking a while to catch up with our younger generation , because like everywhere , our politicians are a useless shower of self serving cunts . 
  yeah against the grain is galway bay . 
  they have the black sheep over on capel st and alfie byrnes across from the national concert hall too . 
  plus one or two other ones . 
  failing that there 's always bison bar on the quays . 
  shit tonne of awesome pubs in dublin these days . 
  i 'd say they were more a useless shower of cunts than proper quasi-fascists . 
  haha , i 'm the same with at swim two birds . 
   historical speaking , every nationalist uprising in ruined economies ( e.g. 
  italians , germans , japanese ) did in fact strengthened the overall economy by uniting the people of those nations under a single cause . 
  and ultimately fucked those economies over . 
  germany 's economy was already on the mend before hitler came to power . 
  he then promptly ran it into the ground in a most spectacular fashion . 
  i 'd recommend the third policeman over angela 's ashes . 
  one of the funniest and surreal books i 've ever read . 
  it 's like watching some bizarre game of ck2 play out ... 
  they 'll get stung by africanised bees to become super africanised lions which will make them even more aggressive and cause them to grow massive stings in place of their claws . 
   i do n't think we were wanted in the project originally . 
  i think that was just degaulle . 
  he was a bit of a prick like that . 
  well that 's another one added to the `` to visit '' list . 
  it 's increasingly like the scandanavian style relationship , where , as i understand it , past grudges are the topics of jokes and good natured rivalry rather than genuine antipathy . 
  the streetlight industrial complex must be brought to heel . 
  `` let 's cancel greece 's debt . '', 
  that 'd be kind of fun actually . 
  can you imagine rush hour ? 
  because the best way to tackle terrorists is to deprive their recruitment base of all basic necessities . 
  i remember reading a book ( well trying to read a book ) about the warsaw uprising once , and the first third of the thing was just bashing britain and france for not doing more to help poland at the beginning of the war . 
  the author heavily implying that they should have airlifted troops across germany or sailed them round jutland . 
  i stopped reading fairly shortly in . 
   isps offering plans without access to streaming sites . 
  i find it difficult to grasp what the issue is with this . 
  how do you determine what is and is n't a streaming site though ? 
  is any webpage with an embedded youtube video suddenly going to find itself blocked or it 's traffic limited ? 
  what about sites like reddit , where videos get linked all the time ? 
  will people suddenly find massive parts of the website disappearing because they 're not on the right plan ? 
  the only way to do it the way you suggest would be to carve the internet up into walled gardens . 
  which would destroy the very reason it was successful to begin with . 
  besides you keep saying that the user might n't want streaming , but if they do n't want it , there 's nothing forcing them to go to youtube or netflix , they simply just do n't go to those sites . 
   i guess we can just consider this is its own historical moment , and not compare it to others  heh , true enough . 
  i guess it 's the nerd/armchair historian condition to try and draw parallels with past events . 
  i wonder could this turn into our generation 's equivalent of the spanish civil war ? 
  was the playground were you spent most of your days ? 
  breaking news : the continent of europe was evacuated today after a 25 year old can of fermented herring was opened in norway . 
  scientists fear the noxious fish cloud could spread as far syria stalling already fragile peace talks . 
  anyone know the name of the tune/band used at the start ? 
  sounds familiar . 
  the way i had it explained to me was that , if someone is genuinely offering you skmething then they 'll offer it again ( up to 3 is usually considered the polite number afaik ) , if not they 'll just offer it the once then fuck off with themselves . 
  wicklow has some of the nicest scenery in ireland imo . 
  especially up in the mountains . 
  [ pic 1 ] ( http://cache.graphicslib.viator.com/graphicslib/media/5e/wicklow-mountains-photo_987998-770tall.jpg ) [ pic 2 ] ( http://www.rte.ie/weather/summer09/winner_johngriffin.jpg ) [ pic 3 ] ( http://cdn2.irishviews.com/irishviews-cdn/wicklow-gap2.jpg ), 
  a lot better i imagine . 
  certainly would n't have taken so long to normalise relations with the uk . 
  i 'd throw in [ gr\u00e1inne n\u00ed mh\u00e1ille ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grace_o%27malley ) as well , though she 's probably not as popular as the big fella . 
   i 'm not kidding about any of this . 
  i ca n't sleep anymore . 
  i think it may be game over . 
  i always hate it when people say stuff like this . 
  it 's not the end of history/world/universe / insert concept of existence here . 
  if civilization can survive genghis khan , it can survive this . 
  aid is clearly code for `` mujaheddin arms deliveries '' . 
  the myth is that if you put a frog into a pot of boiling water it will immediately jump out . 
  however if you put it into a pot of cold water and gradually turn up the temperature , it wo n't notice and you get some tasty ( ? ), 
  boiled frog . 
  oh yeah , those t-90s are going to come tearing through the fulda gap any day now . 
  same with irish as far as i know , just add \u00edn ( een ) to the end of a word . 
  fun fact for the day , its where the english word smithereens derives from . 
  wow , it 's almost as if political ideas change over time , adjusting to new theories , variables and practical experiences . 
  i was thinking the same myself . 
  not knowing where different countries are is one thing . 
  not knowing where the internal administrative divisions of a country are is another . 
  they may as well have put up a map asking people to locate parisian arrondissements . 
  do n't know why people are surprised . 
  it 's not as if he suddenly turned into a cunt . 
  the make most excellent cheeses and breads . 
  on again , off again continental/world powers . 
  home of l'internationale bordeaux/nantes/perigord are awesome . 
  lot of really good comics/animation i left a copy of donkey kong on the gameboy in a camp site in tocanes stapres a few years ago . 
  0/10 troll harder, 
  clonmacnoise would probably make about as much sense as the first capitol of ireland as tara . 
  we get that in some of the pubs around dublin . 
  i ca n't for the life of me work out why people drink it . 
  it 's a common misconception that stukas were dive bombers . 
  they were in fact dropping care packages for starving orphans . 
  goes to show how often i watch rte so . 
  ah the big big movie , the one time of the year i can stand to watch rte . 
  if i ever got power , i 'd depopulate everywhere wesht of the shannon ( save maybe galway ) and turn the place into a national park/nature reserve . 
  galway could then be used as a hub for nature/adventure tourism . 
  plus then we get some proper population density in the rest of the country , so resources are better utilised . 
  i think they 're just doing it so they can westernise faster . 
  yeah , i love the 8 degrees stuff . 
  that sunburnt irish red is great , always try and pick it up when i get the chance . 
  murphys is irish , though you do n't find many people drinking it outside of cork . 
  [ they also used to make really good tv ads . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3jjzlaigpm ), 
  was it the o'hara 's beers ?
