  all the people there were just so friendly as well . 
  same goes for germany really . 
  berlin is a fantastic city and possibly one of the most stylish places i 've ever been . 
  just about everyone i saw there was in the most stylish clothes . 
  and the countryside is absolutely beautiful . 
  plus , again , i 've a huge interest in german history . 
  not really . 
  they all have a 's in their name 's as well . 
  i do n't see what either point has to do with anything though . 
  what 're the bets that iran 's nuclear project will suddenly jump forward by about 20 years ? 
  yeah . 
  i like to think that he 'd have done a good job of modernising the country and tackled republican politics before it became so engrained in the political psyche . 
  of course the big thing would have been how his idea of using the treaty as a stepping stone to unification worked out . 
  do n't forget parnell . 
  he got the ball rolling on the whole home rule thing . 
  in fairness , dev was a fucking disaster . 
  ireland : 1 : [ the ring of kerry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ring_of_kerry ) 2 : [ the wicklow gap/glendalough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glendalough ) ( actually wicklow and south county dublin in general tbh ) 3 : [ connemara ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connemara ) 4 : galway city . 
  has a great atmosphere and there 's nearly always something on . 
  5 : take a wander and the see the dear in the [ phoenix park ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoenix_park ) . 
   he then went on to suggest that britain should join the `` outer tier '' of europe along with switzerland and norway , while maintaining an active role in shaping single market legislation . 
  are n't those two positions sort of mutually exclusive ? 
  you ca n't be on the outside and still expect to have a say in how things are run . 
  granted , this is boris johnson , so expecting any sort of logic or sense is probably asking a bit much ... 
  from what i know , gaelic refers to the language family , celt to the cultural family and pict is the localised culture/tribe , sort of like the belgae , galicians , gauls etc. 
  aye the stats are interesting , it 's just the manner in which they 're presented that gets to me . 
  the title is just so clearly loaded with words meant to conjure up a negative image and it seems that every time i see a wp linked , it 's always having a go at europe in some fashion . 
  usually by someone with a fairly obvious chip on their shoulder . 
  i was there a few years back and all i can say is , that as a city , frankfurt confuses the fuck out of me . 
  it 's really quiet and laid back during the day , but at night everyone 's favourite past time seems to be beating the crap out of each other . 
  3 fights broke out under my hotel window within the space of 15 minutes . 
  there 's plenty of stuff to do as well , but it 's all the kind of stuff you 'd blow through in a weekend . 
  another stellar piece of journalism from the wp . 
  let me guess , tomorrows article will be `` which european country is the most communist ? '', 
  or `` which european country kills the most puppies ? 
  for what it 's worth , that 's northern ireland , so the situation in ireland could probably differ . 
  shitredditsays they 're reddit 's very own thought police . 
  it 's an image that 's being used to generate an emotional knee-jerk response from the viewer and so make it easier for the paper to push whatever it 's particular narrative is . 
  i 'd say that qualifies it as propaganda . 
  it 's the way the image is being used that 's key . 
  the money went into a general pool of taxes that was then handed out to local councils , to be used as they saw fit for the maintenance of their area . 
  however people have been electing every cute hoor who spent the money on vanity projects ( fixing the roads ) while neglecting the less visible stuff ( water pipes ) . 
  it 's reached the stage where the water infrastructure has n't been maintained properly for several decades and it 's quite literally going to shit . 
  be nice to get it a bit higher though . 
  we could turn mayo into one giant national forest park . 
  god knows there 's not much else there . 
  i thought he feasted on the souls of the working classes . 
   bitching and whining that brigaders are getting censored . 
  it must be so nice to live in a world where everything is black and white and you get to respond to everything with your initial , emotional , knee jerk reaction . 
   you are n't but you obviously dont seem to mind that they are here . 
  why , because i 'm not pissing and moaning about them every second comment ? 
  the `` if you 're not with us , you 're against us '' tactic did n't work for bush , it 's not going to work for you . 
  i dislike extremists of every type , but i 've better things to do with my time than bitch at them on reddit . 
  jesus christ , calm down , i obviously either skipped over them thinking they were the previous megathread or just plain forgot about them . 
  i 'm not some stormfront sleeper agent looking to push `` the cause '' . 
  thanks . 
  my memory is clearly going to shit . 
   there were several greek megathreads . 
  i do n't recall ever seeing one , maybe i just missed them . 
   fuck off you shitty brigader . 
  ayy lmao , now i 'm a brigader for making a comment . 
  way to prove the `` anyone who disagrees with me is a racist '' stereotype . 
  ~ ~ the greek crisis was littering the front page as well , but there was no megathread made for that . 
  there was plenty of racism to be found in those threads as well . ~ ~ i was mistaken , there were plenty of greek crisis megathreads . 
  but if the front page is taken up with immigration posts , there 'll be no room for people to karma whore by posting the same 5 maps from / r/mapporn for the hundreth time . 
  auld biddy curses are the worst . 
  and they remember the good ones too , not just those ones that get passed down in all the kids books . 
  1649/10 , would banter again . 
   it 's okay , let 's just keep the flood of anti-russian posts coming instead . 
  and when people get bored with that , they can go back to the greeks are lazy/eu are fascists circlejerk . 
  should check out glen hansard , the frames , lisa hannigan , wallis bird or cathy davey for some fairly modern irish stuff . 
  [ the monto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6194ii-s6je ) according to my dad , who 's big into his folk music , the song was written as a parody of sorts of folk music by the jazz critic of the irish times . 
   it makes the city feel fake and tacky , like an amusement park i know it 's probably nowhere near as bad as rome , but dublin 's starting to feel that way as well . 
  seems like half the shops in the city are geared towards tourists these days . 
  it 's more of a rent bubble in dublin . 
  there are very few places for sale and what is for sale is largely being bought up by assholes looking to rent them on . 
  coupled with the fact that banks pretty much shut down any sort of lending for the last few years , the city 's seen a huge increase in the number of people trying to rent . 
  and that 's after driving the rents in the city to stupid levels . 
  25 square meter apartments going for 1200 euro a month type levels . 
  there was a story floating around a while back of this beautifully ornate rowing paddle arriving into the post depot in dublin one day , addressed simply to `` john murphy , west of ireland '' . 
  who ever was in charge of it decided to ring up every post office in that end of the country and asked them all if any of them knew a john murphy who 'd be in to that sort of thing . 
  sure enough , he gets to some post office in mayo and your man on the other end of the phone is like `` ah yeah , sure that 'd be himself down the road , send it on up . '', 
  so the paddle gets sent off up to mayo and john murphy in the west of ireland gets his paddle . 
  true , but they did have [ other ] ( https://youtu.be/tyw5g9dtuu0 ) , better , [ songs ] ( https://youtu.be/xskpazea5l8 ), 
  we had thin lizzy , but then lynnot went and died the selfish prick . 
  that last set of bar charts should have had the white in the middle . 
  just saying ... 
  he ascended to the right hand of xenu . 
  the imf continuing it 's fine tradition of being 20 years behind everyone else . 
  it 's also a handy way of shutting down an argument . 
  `` oh you disagree with me ? 
  you must be part of stormfront so . '', 
  good ol' horseshoe theory in action . 
  roughly the same in ireland . 
  calling someone a daft cunt generally means you like them . 
  and still they wo n't allow high-rise development . 
  it 's a joke website , calm down, 
   as well as the right to adopt children as far as i know , this was actually settled in a separate bill a week or so ago . 
  so all the `` wo n't somebody please think of the children !? '', 
  tactics being used by the no side are just underhanded emotional manipulation . 
  unless you really feel the need to spend 7-8 euro on a pint and surround yourself with other tourists , avoid temple bar in dublin .
