  best fucking sausages i 've ever had . 
  katie melua 's georgian ? 
  yeah . 
  love to know what all those lights off the coast of s.korea are . 
  seems to be too many and to close to the shore for fishing fleets . 
  amazing how you can make out individual valleys in the alps from the lights . 
  also the fact that you can sort of make out the german/czech border . 
  of the cities i 've been to . 
  he reminds me of a gay ming the merciless . 
  and ? 
  antiliberal makes it sound as if the protests were motivated from anti-british/englishness , which it was n't . 
  the article clearly states the protesters were protesting ukip 's policies . 
  i hope greece win this year and not just so i can watch as their faces go from joy to despair as they realise that hosting the thing will probably finish off whats left of their economy . 
  it 's a really good tune . 
   it was n't . 
  not entirely . 
  the protesters disagreed . 
  many said they were there to protest at ukip 's stance on immigration and the political backgrounds of ukip 's motley collection of local council candidates ; others were there to protest against his party 's obscure economic policies . 
  there was no violence , no punches thrown , no missiles lobbed . 
  from the exact same article . 
   a dozen half-clever lefties shoot back : he ca n't even get passed his second sentence without insulting people who disagree with him . 
  also the president had an opinion on something and this has upset some people . 
  i got germany . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  the thing is though , the dark ages were localised to western and northern europe . 
  roman learning continued on in the east with the byzantine empire and the caliphate , both of which developed and improved upon it immensely . 
  and the idea that the church was an enemy to learning and knowledge is a myth . 
  the early church was instrumental to preserving knowledge in medieval europe , predominantly through monasteries . 
  it was n't until the renaissance and the reformation , when the churches authority began to be questioned , that it began to be the reactionary , illogical institution it is today . 
  as for the antikythera mechanism , i agree it 's a spectacular piece of engineering , but it was a one off . 
  and all of the mechanics and mathematics behind it were perfectly within the reach of scholars of the day . 
  none of the technology was lost , people just did n't have either the inclination or the resources to build more of them or anything like them . 
  it 's much the same as with the space shuttle and the moon landing equipment today . 
  all the knowledge and tech is still there , but there 's other priorities eating up political budgets . 
   we are about a millennium behind where we should logically be how so ? 
  there 's no cosmic civilisation timetable we 're working off of that states `` 25 april 2013 , humanity develops faster than light engines '' . 
  our technology advances as quickly as environmental and societal conditions allow . 
  oh and please do n't bring up `` the dark ages '' as a reason why we 're not as technologically advanced as we should be . 
  [ the third policeman ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_third_policeman ) by flann o'brian . 
  incredibly funny , incredibly surreal and very intelligent in it 's own way . 
  having that extra day to pursue creative/intellectual interests would be great . 
  it was part of the anglo irish treaty that the 6 counties of the north would remain in the union . 
  the treaty that was offered by the british . 
  i fail top see how `` it was the republicans who partitioned the island . '', 
  you could make the point though that the north should never have been partitioned in the first place , as the majority of the island wanted an independent ireland comprised of the whole island . 
  so from that point of view , if we 're going to start shifting ( encouraging ) nationalists around the place , it 's just as valid an idea to start shifting unionists . 
  also as an aside , i 'm not the one downvoting you . 
   ireland 8.5 we 're 9th from the bottom . 
   thirdly , offering encouragement to ni republicans to resettle in the country they so longed to be a part of might n't have been such a daft idea . 
  could n't the same be said of the unionist population ? 
  from those pictures he seemed to be enjoying it . 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5h13bgl4i1qe8clho1_1280.jpg ), 
  also let us never forget the dreaded modh coinniollach . 
  this is stupid . 
  by this stage there are probably significant numbers of people who could claim to be relatives of him . 
  and he lived long enough ago that any relationship to him is essentially meaningless . 
  the article even says that he had no direct descendants . 
  this is just attention seeking . 
  it 's almost as if ideologies do n't transmit into practical real world solutions ... 
   when spoken , because of the `` sh '' sounds , sometimes it can be mistaken with russian !, 
  guilty of this . 
  i was sitting in a restaurant in copenhagen one day , idly listening to the people around me and trying to work out where they where from ( i was by myself and mildly bored ) . 
  there was a large group on the other side of the room who i could n't quite hear , but from what i could make out i figured they were from eastern europe somewhere . 
  it was only when i listened closer that i realised `` oh wait , their portuguese ... well do n't i feel like a jackass '' . 
  the same thing happened in ireland . 
  we had a great railway network , but for some reason various governments decided to shut down or rip up most of the lines , fucking over rural communities the length and breath of the country . 
  it was n't until the 80s/90s when motorways started to be built everywhere that the problem was properly addressed . 
  what i would n't give for some ballyhaunis rice . 
  jaysus , they 'd high hopes when they stepped off the boats here for the first time . 
  really ? 
  when i was there i was getting all sorts of dirty looks from the locals for not obeying the pedestrian lights . 
  if it was n't the lights they were annoyed about ... what the hell did i do ? 
   politicians are responding to public demand by trying to protect health and social budgets ahead of defence spending . 
  wait , governments are listening to their people and focussing on social concerns rather than military spending ? 
  * the horror !, 
  would [ the haughs of cromdale ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpnqdvy4oew ) be a big song in scotland ? 
  [ the foggy dew ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b605qq7xbzm ) and [ the boys of kilmicheal ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk1jo4huwwy ) tend to get wheeled out in some form whenever there 's an easter rising/war of independence commemoration on . 
  for sports it 's usually [ fields of athenry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlzrwndgcuc ) . 
  not a fan of it myself though . 
  edit : forgot [ o'neills march ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtojce6avf4 ), 
  says the anarchist, 
  i really wanted brassbanda to go through , and it looked like they were until that judges panel gave their points , making the previous round of voting completely pointless . 
  i believe the scientists at cern are trying to prove it 's existence with the large hadron collider . 
  it would be something like - blawnid nee coffee, 
  also anything by sam stephenson . 
  i hope there 's a circle of hell reserved just for that asshole . 
  how is this controversy ? 
  it 's exactly the same thing that manuel barroso has been saying on the subject for the past several months . 
  or are `` journalists '' just that desperate for a scandal these days ? 
  this is how the military should be used in my opinion . 
  step in to provide support/stability in areas that need or request it , while at the same time using it 's skills and experience to train up local replacements . 
  it also brings back a certain level of civilian responsibility , rather than it just simply being a tool of war . 
  huh , so that 's what happened to shergar . 
  does n't ireland essentially mean ` land of the goddess eir\u00fa ' and not westland ( wherever the fuck they got that from ) ? 
  `` we 're all living in a yellow submarine '' - the beatles, 
  we had this thing called [ the enlightenment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_enlightenment ) a few years back . 
  you should check it out , it was pretty awesome . 
  i 'd also add at swim two birds and the third policeman by flann o'brien . 
  for me it 's a tie between spain and germany . 
  madrid is such an awesome , relaxed , cosmopolitan city and i 've an interest in spanish history particularly the civil war .
