i have a german friend that does the same thing . 
  i 'm really boring today . '', 
  i 've known her for years and have n't had the heart to tell her that its wrong . 
  such a beautiful country . 
  seriously . 
  you ca n't even compare it with germany because the two are completely different . 
  super idee !, 
  a better translation would be the `` german beer purity law '', 
  but why ? 
  its like insisting on saying `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' instead of just england or the u.k. '' its like they 're trying to make extra work for themselves . 
  is it more of a regional thing ? 
  i 've heard that its a big deal there , but most people outside of your country just call it macedonia because fyrom is very long . 
  similar to calling it the us/america instead of saying the full name . 
  you were n't allowed to be a knight if you were left handed . . if i remember correctly . 
  he was being sarcastic, 
  do . . do you mean my georgia ? 
  its just not so representative in some states . 
  the op found a new one and posted it somewhere in here . 
  basically michigan is bad as a whole , but it is mostly concentrated in detroit . 
  the same with illinois and wisconsin having most crime in chicago and milwaukee respectively . 
  well ... my home state of georgia does n't really show any improvement :'( you can see in some areas it is focused in urban areas though , which makes sense . 
  thats how i feel about the usa map . 
  they should have separated it by county since it shows a better difference in urban and rural areas . 
  its like if each european country was one solid color . 
  it would be more representative to see the us map based on counties instead of states since the current one does n't really show much about how the rates vary by area . 
  michigan and louisiana are bad , but is it all detroit and nola , or is it also ann arbor and shreveport ? 
  yeah i see this too . 
  normal chemical engineer salaries in the us are 70-104k starting . 
  mostly in the 70-80k range and then jumping up to 96-104k for oil . 
  this is for straight out of college . 
  in germany its like 45k euros as a solid wage . 
  seems crazy different . 
  i ca n't imagine if this kind of stuff was going on in the us . 
  i think that with the widespread gun ownership pepper spray would be the least of one of these people 's problems . 
  jealous, 
  does \u00df vs ss really drive native speakers crazy ? 
  having studied some german i do n't understand how someone could mix seid/seit or weider/wider ( always just used gegen ) . 
  the das/dass is an easier mistake in my opinion . 
  you 're very clever, 
  you 've written `` view '' when you meant to use the word `` few ? '', 
  what is your first language ? 
  i think that most of my european friends do the same thing with pronunciation to spelling . 
  there is chemistry in both of the names , but sadly the fields are n't really related at all . 
  not chemical engineering :'(, 
  to/too their/they 're / there your/you 're then/than these drive me insane when native speakers mess them up . 
  just memorize it . 
  the biggest one is then/than . 
  i see it all the time . 
  for example : `` i like to go swimming more then going running . '', 
  do you prefer to go swimming when given the choice between swimming and running , or do you like to go swimming for a long time and then immediately go on a run ? '', 
  ----------- it is n't that hard to just look up the meanings of the words and memorize them , although if a non native speaker makes these mistakes it does n't really bother me because they did n't grow up with it . 
  maybe it is like when a native german always spells words with the `` ie/ei '' incorrectly . 
  beine/biene ... there is a difference . 
  you guys are breaking my brain . 
  that would make sense . 
  i 'm from atlanta and although it is a large city everyone drives just about everywhere , so shoes do n't typically get very dirty during everyday use . 
  i would imagine that it may be different in cities like nyc and chicago . 
  i know i 'm not a european but i 'll give my perspective as an american . 
  its pretty mixed here . 
  usually you just play it by ear and if you enter someone 's home and see a bunch of shoes right by the door then you ask where you should put your shoes and take them off . 
  i leave mine on unless they are dirty usually , but if i lived in an apartment that was n't carpeted i would probably take them off to avoid the noticeable dirt . 
  i can understand that they hate them , but they ca n't think of anything else they would rather be doing on new years than hunt down people they do n't like for no reason ? 
  * after midnight : in front of the hotel , there were beatings and assaults happening everywhere . 
  jurcevic witnessed a knife attack . 
  ** the alleged arabic north africans appeared to be attempting to track/hunt down black africans from countries south of the sahara to beat them . 
  ** what the fuck ? 
  i did n't know that it was a thing until i was in m\u00fcnchen the night that bayern won the champions league in 2013 ... marienplatz was like 1-2 inches deep in broken glass . 
  i was under the impression that most were muslims from syria . 
  is this not true ? 
  when you say drinking do you mean beer and liquor ? 
  most of the people i know there are really unhappy with the current situation . 
  they used to always say `` i know i 'm bad to think this , but ... '' and now its not so taboo to be frustrated and they are more open to being unhappy about what is going on . 
  apparently quiet sundays are n't as quiet anymore . 
  i would n't mind working in mannheim . . or well ludwigshafen . 
  is what i hear true about the refugees just walking through supermarkets and stealing food ? 
  ah that makes sense . 
  der heizungmantel , der hei\u00dfschneider , and der w\u00e4rmetauscher are all quite literal combinations . 
  yes , i could explain them , but i would make a lot of grammatical mistakes and it would be fairly crude . 
  i speak english fluently and my german is alright . 
  i can talk to someone , but i ca n't explain how a heat exchanger works . 
  i 'm not from the north , so i 'm not really a yankee . 
  would someone from berlin like to be called a bavarian ? 
  would someone from london like to be called scottish ? 
  this is the greatest struggle in learning german for me . 
  if i need to spell anything with an `` e '' or `` i '' in it i 'm in trouble . 
  they are almost switched between the languages . 
  ah i 'm the opposite . 
  i moved somewhere colder and do n't know how to shop for winter clothes at all . 
  ooh . 
  i thought that you meant this was the usual weather when it is changing from fall to winter or from winter to spring there . 
  maybe atlanta is just weird , because that happens there every year for a few weeks, 
  that sounds a lot like the weather in atlanta . 
  go to work with a jacket and pants , and walk home sweating miserably in 70-80 degree weather ( like mid 20s i think ? ), 
  its awful similar to chechnya . 
  i 've never heard it before , but i guess its something said in europe ? 
  out of curiosity , which language do you speak that it is called czechia ? 
  most people i new in college from india planned to go back to india . 
  have you been to the us before ? 
  i work in chemicals so there are n't as many opportunities to live in northern cities . 
  i 'm about a 2 hour drive from dc as it stands now , which is nice for visiting friends , but not close enough to enjoy that city atmosphere .
