  we should actually make common , normal 5 $ coins . 
  that would make more sense than 5 $ bills . 
  they need to hire someone to ride shotgun . 
  it is in place in the european union , but if the un applied it world wide the italians could say : * `` oh , you are from eritrea , you should be in saudi arabia , not here in europe . 
  back you go . 
  '' * at least this way the distribution of refugees would be more or less random . 
  bad shit happens in the country next to you and you are ok ? 
  you get refugees . 
  that makes sense to me . 
  but refugees traveling across half the planet , hunting for the best benefits deal - that 's just nuts . 
  finland has been * `` exploring nato membership '' * for 23 years ... 
  including just countries inside europe or everywhere ? 
  i think if we include everywhere , a lot of the muslim countries will get a lot of shit . 
  ** saudi arabia ** has caused everyone a great deal of trouble by investing vast fortunes into spreading wahhabism , for example . 
  that fact is something we should be ashamed of , not the swedes . 
  it is our stupid language law , not theirs . 
  fenno-swedes are not hated at all . 
  they tend to be more financially established , so if anything they are envied . 
  we do n't have actual beefs , just some lighthearted ribbing and mockery over the ice hockey . 
  none of it is serious . 
  [ * den glider in , den glider in ... * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9aosff98wg ), 
  eesti hated by nordics ? 
  everyone loves the estonians here , at least from what i 've heard throughout my life . 
  people here speak very kindly of estonia . 
  like , * `` it is just like home here in finland , but with less alcoholics and the people can actually talk and smile . 
  '' * trust me , that 's high praise from a finn :p, 
  shit , dude , that blows . 
  man , i just got a letter a week ago informing me that my connection was being upgraded to 250 mbps at no extra cost . 
  you made me feel so guilty now . 
  london home broadband from sky is 15.20 mbps down ? 
  i 've heard many european countries have pretty slow broadband , but that 's surprisingly slow ... london is a world-class metropolis , a capital !, 
  i 'm hoping that is n't a typical connection . 
   activists in hungary have been arrested after defacing ** government billboards which warned immigrants not to take hungarians ' jobs . 
  it was us all along !, 
  we have enough homeless , unemployed , underemployed and poor people of our own to deal with . 
  it is not our job to save everyone on the planet . 
  qatar treating the foreign workers badly is reason enough to consider that case , but russia ? 
  because of bribery ? 
  come on . 
  like we have n't known that fifa is corrupt as heck for decades ... 
  #finland can into corruption !, 
  why not https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patria_amv ? 
  sounds like it is exactly that they are looking for . 
  also called rosomak by the polish . 
  they seem to like it ? 
  probably for two reasons : 1 ) reconnaissance is n't some super-duper special ops spetsnaz job . 
  it can be sometimes , but mostly it is done by normal servicemen . 
  these guys are probably just your average joe sixpack soldiers who have n't had that much special training . 
  2 ) more importantly , i think , they want russia to recognize them as official soldiers , following official orders . 
  it is better to be just a soldier , just a prisoner of war , than a terrorist . 
  these guys are facing 15 years behind bars for terrorism . 
  it is a competition we are supposed to lose . 
  proudly . 
  here 's a conversation about the eurovision song contest between two finns : 1 : * `` hey , have you seen who they 're sending this year ? 
  are they terrible ? 
  do you think we might come last again ? 
  '' * 1 : * `` i 'm certain of it !, 
  they 're all dressed up as scary monsters and the music is just incoherent shouting !, 
  they suck !, 
  '' * 2 : * `` excellent !, 
  i like punk . 
  the song is shite . 
  the whole of finland during the winter . 
  seriously , why do you come during the winter ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  it is just cold and dark . 
  that 's it . 
  cold and dark . 
  open your fridge , jam your face inside and close your eyes - ta ` daa !, 
  you 've experienced what finland has to offer during the winter !, 
  i was trying for `` my hovercraft is full of eels ! '', 
  as someone who just voted for the most left-wing party in the parliament , let me tell you : they 're not far-right . 
  they 're fiscally centre-left , socially conservative and populist . 
  maybe because they went to school to learn english and that is what they were taught ? 
  why would the immigrants travel to the shores of northern africa to wait if the only way to enter europe would be through legal channels ? 
  would n't they have to wait in their own countries then . 
  it is the illegal form of immigration that is pushing them to the mediterranean route . 
  yeah , lets get out there and police the world !, 
  it 's been working so great so far !, 
  obviously , we ca n't let the poor , war-torn countries have any more democracy , because they 'll elect islamic fucknuts who believe in the destruction of everyone who disagrees with them about a magic book . 
  hard to get stability with those idiots in charge !, 
  but hey , dictators work well !, 
  lets find some strongmen and give them weapons and tanks to enforce peace and stability !, 
  lets fix the planet , guys !, 
  who 's with me ? 
  end all war !, 
  yeah !, 
  this plan is sure to work !, 
  stability !, 
  stability !, 
  the truth is that this is exactly what we should do , but the politicians are too afraid to say it . 
  it may be biased , but i 'll be damned if it is n't true as fuck . 
  why is banning nazi symbols any better than banning soviet symbols ? 
  hey !, 
  we 're fucking adorable , god dammit !, 
  shit , even i have a hard time reading this and i 'm finnish , 
  it 'll take another hundred years before we 'll be ready to even have this discussion out loud . 
  perhaps we 'll drift towards federalism quietly with gradual legal changes , but no one in europe is ready to openly begin such a process ... 
  wtf usa ? 
  the fuck did we do to you ?
