crimea . 
  he means crimea . 
  obviously we 'll just have to wait and see how the domestic infrastructure for food production copes with this . 
  banning food exports from europe was a brilliant move by putin . 
  it increases inflation and makes food prices higher , hurting the average russian family . 
  the people then blame the european sanctions for this and putin becomes more popular . 
  meanwhile , businessmen involved in domestic production become wealthier . 
  it 's ingenious - it basically moves the sanctions down from the banking - and business-classes to the common people , all the while maintaining popular support . 
  what on earth would a finnish sigint spy ship be doing off the coast of sweden ? 
  spying on the swedes ? 
  they 're like our closest friends on earth . 
  besides , i do n't think we really have any spy ships , sadly . 
  the entire finnish security service has 200 employees and they all fit inside one office building . 
  we feel your pain . 
  foreigners always assume we are scandinavians ... no one respects us finnics :p, 
  this motherfucker ... 
  finnish meat is best meat ... finnish animal is happiest animal ... 
  has anyone figured out why they removed lactose-free products from the sanctions list ? 
  to be honest , that is exactly what i imagine when i think of england , 
  rt.com ca n't be expected to report honestly , but they can be expected to advertise the official russian story . 
  so far the response has been `` no russian troops crossed into ukraine '' ... at least that is what they are saying on rt. 
  fsb border guard service officially denies presence of russian troops in ukraine : http://rt.com/news/180584-border-russian-military-troops/, 
  ** officially the russians are maintaining that no russian military troops have crossed into ukraine ** , so this could not have happened . 
  i guess they 'll try to claim that the ukrainians were fighting the separatists ... or maybe try to claim that their presence in ukrainian territory was somehow justified ? 
  the agreement was that the international red cross would take it and distribute where needed . 
  if the convoy enters ukraine through a rebel-held border crossing , ** that would basically be an admission that the convoy does n't contain humanitarian aid . 
  ** if the convoy did contain nothing but humanitarian aid , why not let the international red cross inspect it at a ukrainian controlled border crossing ? 
  what the shit is this ... ? 
  are the russians living on another planet ? 
  this is insane ... 
  do n't be stupid . 
  it is always either nazis or taliban . 
  plz , u buy valio milk product now , yes ? 
  we have clean cow ... plz ... buy ... 
  yes , damn those stupid finns for choosing to have russia as their neighbour !, 
  why do n't they just move their country somewhere else and do business with different people !, 
  to put into perspective just how minimal these sanctions are , let us imagine how russia would react if someone treated them the way they are treating ukraine . 
  what would russia do if a european country seized , for example , the kola peninsula by military force - and then gave weapons , funds and material support to islamist chechen rebels so they could begin an armed revolution for an independent chechnya ? 
  propped them up with propaganda about children being crucified in front of their mothers ? 
  would russia simply limit the travel of 95 persons and say some companies are n't allowed to borrow on the open market anymore ? 
  really , i 'm still struggling with getting my head around just how limp-wristed eu foreign policy has been with this whole affair . 
  it is quite ridiculous . 
  when it comes to cross-country skiing , i think finland and sweden should join forces and unite in a mutual hatred of norway . 
  * damn you , norway !, 
  damn you and your ... successful skiing !, 
  i think it is because rfe/rl is more honest . 
  both rt and rfe/rl are propaganda networks , but they function on different scales . 
  rfe/rl started out as a strongly propagandist network , but they 've been moving closer and closer to pure journalism over the decades . 
  now it gives news with a pro-western * slant * . 
  that 's it , just a little bit of a * lean * . 
  they do n't go overboard . 
  rt is on this completely other level . 
  they go to ridiculous extremes . 
  they have no journalistic integrity . 
  they 're not actual journalists . 
  it 's all * `` nazis are coming to crucify your children !, 
  a couple of years ago some russian journalists threw a massive hissy fit when the harry potter movies came out . 
  they complained that dobby the house elf had been designed to look like putin and thus mock russia . 
  i think he draws putin like that now to make him look more like dobby . 
  gender quotas are an insult to the ideas meritocracy and democracy . 
  they know this . 
  and this is why they do it . 
  the current kremlin leadership is made up of isolationist siloviki . 
  they believe that russia should be separate and distinct from europe . 
  culturally and economically as well . 
  they genuinely view being part of the international marketplace as a weakness to be fixed . 
  they want russia to be self-sufficient in all things . 
  banning foreign food imports under flimsy pretenses is a way to support domestic production . 
  taking it all the way to a single federated country would be too much , but some increased integration would be fine . 
  we need some kind united monetary policy so shit like greece and italy does not happen again . 
  norway puts all their focus on skiing rather than ice hockey . 
  that 's the most offensive shit i 've heard all week . 
  hitler built some great roads . 
  that does n't make him a good guy . 
  the russians conquered estonia and stole their freedom . 
  why should they be excused for building schools ? 
  i have nothing against the idea of scottish independence . 
  democracy , hell yeah !, 
  you do your own thing , bros. . that 's cool . 
  but ... 
  the idea of the united kingdom splitting does make me sad . 
  and worried . 
  i feel sad and worried because of what i feel it would say about european unity and the future of the eu . 
  i really want to european union to move towards a more federalized system with a united , unified foreign policy . 
  the russians are re-establishing their military strength and re-becoming a superpower . 
  and they 're not in to mood to play nice . 
  and the eu , as it stands , is soft . 
  and if the uk ca n't keep it together , what hope does the rest of this shambles have ? 
  so , yeah , i 'm totally cool with the scots doing their own thing , but i just feel worried about what it says about the unity of europe . 
  because i have a feeling we 're going to need some . 
  i 'm sure they 're mostly interested in supporting it because it is strange modern art . 
  the government here loves that shit . 
  loves it . 
  the stranger , the better . 
  you could nail dead dogs to to roof of your house , call it art and they 'd throw money at you . 
  they 're mad , i tell you . 
  this is the first one in this thread that truly shocked me . 
  a briton that does n't drink tea !? 
  how can such a thing be possible ? 
  everything i 've learned from television is a lie ...
