   copenhagen and hamburg have an excellent connection via ship . 
  ca n't beat those in efficiency . 
  traffic that wants to go by ship already does so , it also takes nearly a day . 
  the tunnel would increase freight availability via fehmarn by * quite * a lot . 
   but regarding the future possibilities , i concur that the eastern connection would have more room for improvement . 
  probably true , but that would take many tens of billions and twenty years . 
  if it ever comes to that we 'll build another tunnel . 
   it 's 4:30 . 
  using the ferry ? 
  the seven hours figure is for the way by land . 
   building infrastructure does n't make any sense if there 's not at least one euro macroenomical gain for each euro spent . 
  that 's correct , but different from your earlier statement . 
   what the danes are promised is even more than that : that there 's going to be tunnel-specific state income to cover the costs , in terms of additional taxes through economic growth and toll . 
  that wo n't happen , either . 
  dude , the danes will build the tunnel , its cost does not concern us . 
   yes , why would you care , it 's not your land that 's affected by the tunnel , not your tourism . 
  or course it is . 
  tell me again how a tunnel would affect tourism in schleswig-holstein ? 
    and who wants to go to rostock ? 
   noone , of course . 
  which is why i said berlin . 
  most of the freight does not want to go to berlin . 
  this tunnel is not build for tourism purposes . 
  it 's meant to move rail traffic from the landline to the tunnel . 
  even if freight would want to go to eastern europe how much time would it safe by a tunnel to rostock ? 
  four hours ? 
   so you 're accelerating a link that is n't that slow in the first place while impacting the local people negatively and having no sound economical model . 
  is n't slow ? 
  did n't i just tell you that it 's * seven hours * ? 
   or , at least , `` pays for itself '' wo n't happen . 
  that 's not how infrastructure investment works . 
   gedser < -  rostock would take ages off copenhagen < -  berlin and actually pay for itself . 
  and who wants to go to rostock ? 
  the fehmarnbelt tunnel is for freight trains that are going south , it would n't help those if they suddenly found themselves in rostock . 
   more concretely speaking , the fehmarnbelt tunnel is a sunken cost fallacy : denmark already spent , some time ago and unwisely so , money on an highway and high-speed train link between rodbyhavn and copenhagen . 
  even if , why would * we * care , it 's their money . 
   ... and in eu terms , helsinki < -  talinn would be the thing to do first . 
  also irrelevant , denmark wo n't be paying for that with their own money . 
   as much as i like trains this is simply not a good deal compared to half the price and less than half the time by plane . 
  and this is surprising ? 
   that connection is pretty pointless , gedser < -  rostock would be a better idea . 
  schleswig-holstein has a land border with denmark , last i looked , while the denmark < -  east germany connection would actually change things . 
  trains from copenhagen to hamburg take about seven hours via the land border , it 's already faster across the belt by ferry and the tunnel cuts this time down to less than four hours . 
  it would appear that you failed to realize that all desks need to be able to natural sunlight . 
   by creating a clause in which all parties agree not to force companies to use their network infrastructure or mandate that they build data centers in their country , one could argue that businesses will be able to expand to new markets easier , and avoid censorship . 
  i do n't care about that if that makes it illegal for the eu to mandate that google does not move * my * data out of the eu , is that hard to understand ? 
   [ co/us so now it 's only two countries , of which one is totally insignificant . 
   basically all the clause is saying is that you can not compel a company to use domestic computing facilities , exactly . 
  that 's a big problem . 
   but you can make their operation in your country contingent upon compliance with existing laws . 
  no way of enforcing that in that case then . 
   maybe instead of saying that the us is fighting europe on this issue , you should actually be saying hey wait , why is it that europe is turning a blind eye to all of this ? 
  we are . 
  hopefully it 's a lie , merkel has been known for those lately . 
  it 's very important to me tell you : i did * not * vote for merkel . 
  unbelievable the shit we have to put up with . 
  about time . 
  that 's a big bang . 
   and you get to decide that ? 
  it 's all just for fun cause it makes no difference , right ? 
  nah , that 's a fact . 
   uh , so it 's not discrimination because ... you say so ? 
  it clearly is discrimination . 
  it 's not like there 's any disadvantage for straight people if gays marry ... 
  it 's not discrimination if gays can not marry . 
  marriage is for non-equal-gendered couples . 
  as i said , minor issues . 
   marriage is important in long-term relationships because of issues such as inheritance , that does n't discourage most people from not getting married . 
  and it 's only a factor if you intend for your spouse to inherit stuff , instead of your children , oh wait ... 
  but civil unions already have equal rights regarding inheritance , so why even bring this up ? 
   legal status of children , does n't change in any way with marriage . 
   legal status of spouse during sickness or death ... get a vorsorgevollmacht , they are really cheap . 
   gay people pay full taxes you know , so why should n't they receive full benefits . 
  they are getting nearly everything and those last few minor issues will be dealt with when time allows , it 's not a bid deal . 
   false . 
  civil partnerships are not equal in rights to marriages in germany at this time . 
  true . 
  as near as makes no difference at least . 
   it 's a common assumption in germany that civil partnerships are the same as marriages except in name ; that is wrong . 
  gay couples are being discriminated against in in a number of issues in 2015 . 
  they are n't actually discriminated , they clearly can not marry , you know same gender and all that , so it 's not discrimination if they can not marry . 
  and there are n't really many issues left on which they do n't have the same rights , mostly adoption if i remember correctly . 
  and nobody needs to marry anyway , every day more people decide not to marry at all , so why bother ? 
  the green are n't calling for the governments approval , they are calling out to merkel in her function as majority leader/whip . 
   they could propose it themselves and see if a majority in parliament vote for it . 
  that would never happen without merkels support . 
  for what it 's worth : laws can be proposed in the bundestag by : * the government . 
  * the bundesrat ( other chamber , most comparable to the american senate , although different ) * a party represented in the bundestag that got at least 5 % of the popular vote in the last election or * 5 % of mps . 
  we do , it 's just called a different name . 
  i 've actually been in england early this week and you guys certainly apologize a lot , it 's kinda nice . 
  are you mad ? 
  serbia giving twelve points to bosnia is just as logical as germany giving twelve points to turkey !, 
  i 'm just as confused as you , if you would have asked me before the results came in i would have luckily given you a 10:1 bet that germany could n't possibly get * zero * points . 
  i thought it was very obvious , as did everyone else around me . 
  i and us others keep forgetting that everyone votes for the one song they thought was best . 
  apparently * noone * all over europe ( or at least not enough in their respective countries ) thought that the german entry was the best out of 27 . 
  and that 's actually conceivable . 
  it was n't funny when sweden did it , it was especially funny when russia did it . 
  * because * of our perception of russian voting practices and for no other reason . 
  you do n't understand the difference between political ( putin bad , no points for russia ! ),
