   and that all countries letting them pass through without registering them are breaking with eu legislation ? 
  exactly . 
   is the legislation written to put the whole burden on those two countries ? 
  it makes sense to register asylum seekers in their country of entry , whichever one that might be . 
  uk , france , spain , denmark , sweden , austria , portugal , italy , greece , the baltics , poland , romania , bulgaria , hungary , slovakia ... 
  there are lots of those countries , greece and italy are only two out of over a dozen . 
  and i 'm rather sure they get money to do that job . 
  it 's unfortunate and unforseen that greece and italy get so many refugees these year , but that 's how the law is . 
  they are train sets with automatic couplings , they can load a 12car train in four sets of three within 5-10 minutes . 
  but most of that extra time is due to ferries being slower than trains , the actual loading was pretty quick . 
  and they would connect to this internet ... how ? 
  no free wifi in germany , for very good reasons actually . 
   why would n't denmark just let them through ? 
  because they are obligated to register them . 
  as are * all * eu countries . 
  my point exactly . 
  instead of doing that sweden said `` all syrians are belong to us '' and now we have that problem . 
   there is also the issue of housing , room , infrastructure etc. 
  you will find that those problems can be solved by throwing money at them . 
   how should they have protected them ? 
  by letting people drown out there ? 
  anything else does n't seem to help , does it ? 
  it 's hard to keep track of what is eu and what 's not . 
   do the math . 
  result : apparently hungary failed building enough camps . 
  [ by the way this is the train used for those ferries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ic3 ), 
  a state in which a train full of * hundreds * of syrian looking people is hopefully checked . 
  that is n't random anymore . 
  and by the way , the police is perfectly allowed to randomly check ids . 
  sure would be a good reason , unfortunately we do n't have enough border police anymore since schengen went in force . 
  i imagine they will have several hundred policemen preventing that . 
   alone hungary and greece would have to host ( and pay for ) a few hundred thousand refugees . 
  there is eu money available for that . 
   nobody opens up it 's border . 
  yes , they do . 
  they failed to protect their border , voluntarily . 
   and because bringing them back to libya would be against various international treaties , most are coming from turkey . 
  just sink their boats , they will stop coming . 
   so you want the eu to send many hundred-thousands of asylum seekers back to greece , italy and hungary ? 
  of course . 
   these countries will probably leave the eu if we try that . 
  well ... but however much fun that thought is , they actually can not leave . 
   i do n't understand . 
  why ca n't european countries enforce their collectively agreed dublin ii ? 
  you must enforce it to make it work . 
  we could , but the greeks do n't them in their country . 
  and neither do the hungarians . 
   if the refugees refuse to register , round them up in a camp , give food and water as positive reinforcement to anyone 's registered . 
  but ... that 's not nice , is it ? 
  that 's the problem we are having , that mutti merkel wants to be cuddly . 
  that seems rather inconvenient , does n't it ? 
  we want people to use trains , do n't you ? 
  and it 's very fast , they have special trains that couple and decouple automatically at upto 20kph . 
  they just drive towards the ferry , uncouple , switch some switches and the whole trains is loaded in minutes . 
   if so , what you are saying is that we should deport them back to greece or hungary and go by the `` not it '' strategy some other countries are using ? 
  of course . 
  well , in the case of greece that might actually be true because greece does n't have a border to another eu country and we generally do n't mind if asylum seekers leave the eu voluntarily . 
  of course it does , they do n't have freedom of movement . 
  in fact , in germany , they must not leave * the county * they were sent to for temporary housing until their request for asylum is decided upon . 
  ah , i see , that makes a lot of sense suddenly . 
  because they refused to wait in line and merkel is too much of a girl to use force . 
  and by that force send them back to greece where they should have been registered . 
  i like you guys , you do n't fool around . 
   and , indeed , there was no need . 
  people travelling to sweden without getting their papers checked is the norm in europe . 
  there was need , they have to ask for asylum in the first state they entered . 
  i sure as hell am not stopping them from leaving germany . 
   dont . 
  want . 
  food . 
  that 's denying . 
   you still have the right to choose what to do with your life , how to build it and where . 
  no , you do n't . 
  you are a beggar , you can take what is offered to you or * leave * . 
   i blame nobody for wanting a better life for themselves or their family . 
  nobody does that . 
   do you know their reasons for wanting to move on to sweden ? 
  maybe they have friends there . 
  rather irrelevant . 
   they are not feeling entitled to anything except freedom of movement beggars ca n't be chosers . 
  i 'm sure that 's because of several double abitur years , the change from 13 to 12 years of highschool so-to-speak . 
   27 % of german kids go to uni , 48 % of british ones do . 
  58.8 % of british graduates are in non-graduate jobs versus only 10 % in germany . 
  you should really get that number down . 
  university is meant for the more intelligent of us , 48 % is way too high . 
   neger has indeed a negative connotation in germany . 
  it 's an insult . 
  no , it does n't . 
  well , he did actually call him `` neger '' . 
  because it 's much nicer in europe . 
   in fact i said my identity would have been checked by whom ? 
  ** maybe ** by the airline , but nobody else would do it . 
   schengen treaty says you can travel without a passport , not that you can travel without any form of identification . 
  schengen treaty says there shall be no more border controls of any kind . 
   if i had taken a flight to paris instead of a train i 'd have been checked seven ways to sunday . 
  no , you would n't have . 
  that is literally the point of the schengen agreement . 
  you do n't really need a crossing to get a truck on the track . 
  or just dump a palette of lead from a bridge .
