  so what options does poland have ? 
  none . 
  they can not try him , they can not imprison him , they can not extradite him . 
  did the usa extradite a gang of kidnappers ( cia agents kidnapping a german citizen on italian ground ) to italy when italy applied for that ? 
  no , it did not . 
  no country in this thread did that . 
  he was n't sentenced so he can not be imprisoned . 
  he probably waited in france until the statute of limitations in poland ran out , so there can not be a polish trial . 
  but they may be prevented from trying him anyway because he was already convicted in the usa for that . 
  he obviously can not be extradited to the usa . 
  so what are you talking about ? 
  and we do n't even know if he is an actual child rapist , he pleaded guilty to a lesser charge because he was afraid of a harsher sentence . 
  there was no trial . 
  there was no finding of any facts . 
   is that how you think law should work ? 
  in regards to american sentencing ? 
  hell yeah , you guys are far too crazy far too often . 
   from a moral standpoint i 'd be perfectly fine with france not extraditing a rapist if they actually put him in jail themselves . 
  he was n't sentenced to anyting , was he ? 
  you shoudl n't be surprised that people flee from american prison . 
  oh i missed those specific conditions . 
  so you really would extradite one of your own ? 
  they could have just sentenced him in absentia . 
  and if polanski would have deemed the sentence reasonable he would have returned . 
  but that 's too easy , mh ? 
  he was already sentenced in the usa , so what 's the problem here ? 
  the very purpose of your own nation is to protect you , so obviously your own country must not extradite its own citizens for any reason . 
  if that 's true , and it should , why did the case to go court ? 
   he was sentenced to 90 days in jail with psych monitoring , given parole to to finish up a film project , and then fled . 
  of course he fled !, 
  what else was he supposed to do ? 
  go to jail for * years * ? 
   it was n't like we were going to stone him to death . 
  as near as make no difference . 
  apparently he had ground to believe that sentencing judge would be an asshole and sentence him to twenty years or something . 
  the question should be why the fuck does the usa still pursue this . 
  the man pleaded guilty and did the time agreed to in the deal . 
  no european country will ever extradite anyone for something that a ) happened in 1977 and b ) for which time was already served . 
  just leave the poor man alone . 
  not sure if we have black cops , but we are bound to have some turkish cops at least . 
  great idea . 
  huh , it 's a blue-red-yellow flag actually . 
  looks very similar to a german flag . 
  we do n't like being seen while involuntarily manhandling foreign looking people . 
  that 's bad pr we avoided for seventy years now . 
   do the german asylum authorities and the german police have a gold-fish memory that only spans 3 seconds ? 
  pretty much . 
  they also build temporary refugee housing ( well , containers ) right in the middle of cities where everyone can see them . 
  behind fences , sure , but this is just inviting `` things '' to happen . 
  maybe they do it on purpose ? 
  i do n't know , but it 's very dumb . 
  you could , makes absolutely no sense being chancellor of germany if you have $ 10b . 
  and neither does living here . 
   because a minority can not rule , ruling is done by the executive part , which does not make laws and therefore does not need a majority . 
  no one said it 's good or effective , but it 's certainly great their president did this . 
  so there is no problem , great . 
  compared to where one can live with $ 10b , it is . 
  i have no information about this alleged embezzlement but i do n't believe that someone who actually did embezzle $ 10 billion euros would still bother being president of some shithole . 
  why ? 
  in many countries the president decides who will be prime minister and that 's it . 
  executive ! = legislative . 
  fair point , i 'll have two . 
  do n't rafales only have two seats ? 
  that does make sense , because if they got 4 downs for those two points i would just kick it for three points in the 4th down . 
  yeah i 'm sorry , i understood that error is a technical term and was lazy anyway . 
   hockey is n't exactly american but like 75 % of the teams in the highest league are located in the states . 
  the highest league being the nhl ? 
  that 's just your own national league that allowed some canadians in , that 's hardly surprising , mh ? 
   here is a good example of a `` true '' steal of home where no error was made . 
  the pitcher made an error . 
  if one steals home it 's always the pitchers fault . 
   or they can try for 2 extra points buy getting a play with the ball in the endzone . 
  which would be just like a regular play . 
  they would have to achieve that in a single play ? 
  and lose the ball the they do n't succeed ? 
  the usa wins the `` world series '' every year . 
   this can be used a s a form of strategy to throw off the defense , they 'll say call for the snap a number of times , that only the offense knows , to get the defense to go offsides . 
  i 've seen that happen in movies and now i understand why , thanks . 
  still boring as fuck , but whatever . 
   `` changing a play to make a new play '' is an opinion , not a fact . 
  i have absolutely no idea how to parse that sentence . 
  interesting . 
  is the defense able to see that when it happens ? 
  nono , the question was if the quarterback is required to touch the ball for play to start . 
  your opinion , however dumb it is , seems pretty set in stone . 
  so why bother ? 
  as if soccer does n't have all that as well . 
  i never heard of female paedophiles . 
  and i am quite sure that women lack testosterone , so even if they exist it would be far easier for them to suppress it . . 
  the state does n't want to manage this themselves , so they outsourced the management part to that asylum company . 
  do n't know what 's wrong about that . 
  not all countries have ( relevant ) property tax . 
  and the property might not be related to the actual current value of the property , because it should n't anyway . 
   yeah , the metro and tram stations at solna centrum look deceptively close on the map , but as far as i know they 're actually about 1 km apart . 
  yes , you actually have to walk through the solna mall . 
  at least that 's about half as long as going outside . 
  but when you made it it 's actually pretty convenient to get to globen , if it were n't for that weird train change in the middle . 
  thank you , i 'm relieved that i did n't imagine that . 
   there 's a 100 m walk between the metro and the tram station for roslagsbanan at stockholms \u00d6stra . 
  i did n't even realize that there is actually another * third * tram that is not connected to other trams .
