  that 's ridiculous . 
  that 's a good point you make there . 
  but still , faroe ? 
  but ... but ... faroe sucks and madeleine is so pretty , you guys take the fun out of everything . 
  how about me styling myself emperor of sydslesvig and all my other possessions ? 
   yes , but the difference between zuckerberg and the queen is that zuckerberg actually had to work to get to where he is . 
  the queens single greatest accomplishment is to get born well , yeah , but zuckerbergs son wo n't have to work . 
  that 's the point . 
   pretty sure at least some of the castles the danish royal family holds pretty much are publicly owned , but do n't quote me on that . 
  it 's probably like in the uk . 
  some are private , some are public . 
   yeah , but we pay them to not work . 
  you actually pay them to * do * work . 
  to be a royal family , to open kindergartens and so on . 
   that is a big disconnect for me in a country where one of the ruling parties just announced they want us to work a year more before we can retire just one ? 
  retirement should be set at no lower than 70 , and rise at least one more year every 5/10 years . 
   no , i do . 
  but i do n't think you do n't realize that most places have pointed to a person and said : `` we want you to guide us '' . 
  for us , a guy called valdemar 800 years ago said : `` well , my dad 's a saint , so my family rules from now on . 
  if you are n't cool with , you 'll get killed '' . 
  and between 1200 and 1849 , they actually ruled us . 
  since then , they have n't done shit , except that time the king tried to overthrow the government in 1920 . 
  and the queen still has that power yeah , so ? 
  it 's hardly possible to find a better head of state than margrethe and haakon seems like a good guy , too . 
   it 's pretty difficult to chant `` aqswdefrgthzjukilo '' like a fanatical maniac . 
  it 's better if i just call you `` bob '' . 
  to be honest : i 'm not a creative man , so i hammered the keyboard randomly . 
   edit : oh shit , just realized you were german . 
  sorry , but we 've had bad experiences with making those dictators in the past . 
  oh , come one , one guy ruins the fun for everyone . 
  :-(  ca n't you change your nationality to something like the faroe islands ? 
  time to try something new . 
  i 'd be willing to marry princess madeleine and rule over the world as a swedish king , would that be acceptable ? 
   all of his views are unlikely to be compatible with 100 % of the population . 
  of course , that 's why he is a dictator . 
  sometimes people have to be governed against what they want for the greater good . 
  depends , if immoratility becomes availaible to me withint he next thirty years i would probably care . 
  or just move somewhere else . 
   that 's true , but the fact that some is born better than others just seems weird to me happens all the time in democracys , some are born to mark zuckerberg , some are not . 
  it 's a fact of life . 
   yes , but why are we throwing millions and millions of kroner on a select group of people because they are your pets ( kinda ) . 
  they cost some money , but sometimes they 're funny , tourists come and look at the pretty bearskinhats , they open schools and chair charities , etc etc the uk found that having a royal family benefits them greatly . 
  and all that is privately held by the royal families would still be theirs anyway , they 'd still be addressed as king and queen anyway . 
  so what would be the point ? 
   not the regular people that can see a family being above the law and never having to work a minute in their life . 
  none of them would have to work for anything anyway , royal families tend to be pretty rich . 
   oh , and fun fact : there is nothing in the constitution that prohibits the queen from refusing to sign a law yes , that is a good thing . 
  the queen can act as a last line of defenses against dangerous legislation . 
  our president specifically has the right to not sign a law , too . 
   sure , she ca n't make laws herself , but she has to sign them into law . 
  sure , that have n't been an issue before , but why are we running that risk ? 
  you do n't realize that every country has someone that signs laws into law , do you ? 
  it 's just impossible to find a truly benevolent dictator . 
  except me , i 'd be perfect for the job . 
   your third point , earth is hideously overpopulated so if they do n't want a kid , it 's actually better . 
  while we are discussin unpopular opinions ... that is technically true . 
  * however * , the problem of overpopulation is not caused by the population in europe/north america that does n't really grow anymore . 
  some way should be found to `` take care '' of the overpopulation in africa/india/asia to solve the problem . 
  i 'd be open to provide shelter for two or three young , blonde meisje ... 
   agreed , but does it mean that there are no better forms of governance in general ? 
  sure , being governed by a benevolent dictator ( that would be me ) would be better . 
   yeah , but having one family above all others just seems weird and very outdated . 
  it 's not just one , you still have hertogs and graven . 
   and royalists defends it with `` i can live with one undemocratic institution '' , which seems weirder continuity is a good thing and it 's just a figurehead anyway . 
  you should be glad you have one , presidents are boring and change very couple of years . 
  i 'm a german who was too lazy to use danish umlauts and used ours instead . 
  ha , you are right , that 's funny . 
  notarztwagen where i live are suvs with a doctor and a paramedic on board , they can not transport patients . 
   yelp is just a racket to extort small businesses . 
  do n't pay to be on the platform , good reviews disappear because of yelp 's magical ` algorhythm ' . 
  seriously , google it . 
  that 's true , but irrelevant to our discussion . 
   the qype owner probably made out like a bandit on the sale . 
  so neither him nor the company cared about being taken over by yelp , that 's my point . 
  oh , did it ? 
  huh , that never crossed my mind , why did they do that ? 
  and why did qype care about that ? 
  stock prices are usually no longer related to the earnings potential of companies . 
  the primary market is not reflected in the euro stoxx index . 
  you do n't know if money is attracted just from knowing the index rose . 
   why is it a problem for execs to get paid in with stock ? 
  it 's an incentive for them to make profitable decisions . 
  no , that is a common misconception . 
  it is an incentive for them to make decision * that raise stock prices * . 
   why would the company itself care about a hostile takeover ? 
  maybe because it could be bought and split up and sold off . 
  the company do n't care about that . 
   the worth of a publicly traded company is determined by its market capitalization , how could the company not be concerned about that ? 
  because the worth of the company is irrelevant to the company . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are a member of the eu . 
   umm , companies and their executives care a lot about stock price . 
  the company does n't care at all . 
   and high ranking employees get stock in their bonus . 
  yeah , that 's a problem . 
   not to mention , if your stock goes down a lot , you can be raided by a hostile parties who can buy it up and take control . 
  so what ? 
  why would you care about that ? 
  mmh , companies do n't care much about their stock price , it does n't affect them . 
  who might be argued is stealing are those holding stocks of european companies , like me . 
  the value of my stocks , in europs , has risen by quite a lot .
