  i could sell those stocks for more euros now than before qe and buy more mercedesses than i could have before qe . 
  how would you show that ? 
  even if anyone would be buying european stock all of a sudden , of which you provided no evidence , that would n't mean that money would actually be invested in anything in europe . 
  that money would just change from `` investor '' b to `` investor '' a , none of it would actually have to enter europe . 
  newsflash , this just in : inflation causes stock prices to rise . 
  so why are you arguing against getting rid of the rebate ? 
  i do n't know , i think we could really use a place in the sun . 
  do n't you ? 
  greenland did n't actually leave denmark . 
  it 's no more autonomous than scotland . 
   given the clear disparity between how much britain pays and how much it receives . 
  but it 's the point of the eu that the wealthy countries subsidies the poor countries . 
  if you would n't want that you should n't have joined in the first place . 
  what do you mean by physically ? 
  the checkpoints i used to use before the schengen agreement have been demolished and the street literally just continues as if there were no border . 
  yes , there are signs , but that 's it . 
  can not agree to `` surprising clauses '' in tos ' . 
  or anything else that one is always unable to agreet o. 
  that 's actually not what you meant but a separate point . 
  ha , that 's a good one . 
   centuries from now ( if humanity survives ) people will be incredulous at the fact that we burned the stuff . 
  probably , however that does n't mean the people in centuries from now wo n't be able to make all that stuff we made from oil . 
  they just need to synthezise oil first . 
  it 's not even difficult , just more expensive than getting oil from the ground . 
  last i heard you were a monarchy , ca n't have that . 
  you will be freedomised , resistence is futile . 
  ah ... well , dumb questions , is n't it ? 
  why would n't ukrainians want to join the eu ? 
  now ? 
  why would i want a country to join that has a war happening right now ? 
  if you 'd told me that both pictures were taken in ( east ) germany i would have believed you . 
  you are required to . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  lh definitely is n't the only one . 
   even if you somebody gives away his or her ticket , he or she should know to whom , right ? 
  should ... sure . 
  need to know ? 
  not really , might have sold the ticket for cash to an unknown person right there in the airport . 
   they can detain you for 24 ( 48 ? ), 
  hours to try to identify you . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  they can drive you home or whereever your id card is . 
   do n't you need to provide a name and contact information to buy a ticket in the first place ? 
  just make something up . 
  drivers license ? 
  usually i do n't have to show any id to anyone when flying within schengen . 
  really makes you wonder how airlines make sure their non-transferable tickets are not transfered ... oh wait , they obviously do n't care about that . 
  well , that 's what i believe . 
  i have no actual information on the actual time span . 
  diameter , yes . 
  actually i do n't think 50cm is too bad after ** 90 ** shots , it certainly was n't made to fire that many shots in a short time . 
  mg3 barrels are way too hot to be touched after a hundred , i magine a g36 barrel would already start glowing after that many . 
  i 'd rather support a certain branch of the house of oldenburg ... margrethe the great , 1st queen of europe . 
  the scandinavian rebels wo n't be happy about that , though . 
  she 'd be the empress and able to call herself whatever she fucking wants . 
  pretty sure it was owned by prussia . 
  by poland you mean what parts of europe exactly ? 
  the ones known as poland in that time , right ? 
  neither posen nor prussia ? 
  because i never heard bismarck tried to colonize poland and posen was german at the time . 
   there is a lot to be sad about the families of the victims having the right to know who killed their loved ones . 
  it does n't change anything for the families if they know his name . 
  common law is pretty much english law , only used by the british and their former colonies . 
   generally , the names of mass murderers and rapists are always revealed . 
  no , they are not . 
   if there is a specific and strong reason for them not be released and there is no such reason here . 
  of course there is : privacy . 
   an investigation needs to now take place into what caused him to do this thing . 
  why is that relevant ? 
   the general public , in order to believe that justice is done , must see that it is done . 
  in the courthouse , sure . 
  in the media , definitely not . 
   here , the identity of the co-pilot is a relevant fact . 
  his name is absolutely irrelevant . 
  why ? 
  would you prefer if the plane did this on its own ? 
  terrorists would have been better ? 
  why ? 
  if this is a suicide we wo n't have to worry during our next flight , so suicide is definitely the best for us who still have to take flights . 
  i 've never seen both pilots greeting the passengers . 
   mainline lh got rid of their old a320s a while back by giving them to their subsidiary , germanwings . 
  this early a320 did n't have a rat ? 
  but even if they only had mechanical backup available the plane would n't have gone totally straight ahead at a non-changing descent rate . 
  it 's about 4.5 degrees . 
  landing approaches at your regular airports are not three degrees ? 
  the normal pitch for landing descent is three degrees , 3,000 fps is just a little bit more than that . 
  that is what happened , yes . 
  apparently . 
   on 1972-08-14 , an interflug il-62 crashed near k\u00f6nigs wusterhausen due to an on-board fire , killing 156 ( 148 passengers , 8 crew ) . 
  that one was east german , though . 
   the third-deadliest would be at ramstein on 1988-08-28 , with 70 dead and about a thousand injured , i think ( though that were iaf machines , not german ones ) . 
  a plane falling into spectators is n't quite the same . 
  thanks , that 's pretty harmless . 
  well the greek did say `` stick the finger to germany '' ... 
  so , apparently the finger was most definitely not being shown out of context , it 's only that the * subversive * festival sides with greece in all of this . 
   first raab , then this . 
  i missed that , what did they do to raab ? 
  i should watch that show more often ... 
  n\u00f6w c\u00e4n we h\u00e4ve s\u00f6me d\u00f6ner ? 
   that exam is put together in a way that it ca n't be passed without speaking the language at least on intermediate level .
