   previous governments did n't even do that . 
  they just signed whatever the imf/eu threw at them . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  but you may believe that a couple of hours is not enough and one has to admit that varoufakis style of `` negotiation '' is probably very popular in greece . 
  no , they failed . 
  the did not negotiate better , they negotiated * much * worse . 
   better negotiations failed . 
  well , they ca n't exactly pay the iwf in cash ... 
  they do n't have the authority to print euros . 
   no = `` i want to repay my debts and improve the economy of my country but it has become clear that the proposed reforms over the past several years have done nothing to improve my country 's economy , and i wish to find a better solution . 
  more austerity will not help anyone '' . 
  that solution wo n't involve the troika . 
   they will leave the euro and default on their debt in that case . 
  this has been the most likely scenario for months now . 
  can we please stop talking about and fucking do it already ? 
  greece will pay their debt whenever they feel like it and everybody else can go on with their lifes . 
   do you realize that nobody is sending greece money ? 
  they are sending them additional debt usually we call this `` sending money '' . 
   in order to pay unsustainable debt . 
  a fucking stupid idea . 
  of course it is , but we did it to ** help our friends ** , who fell on hard times . 
  sadly those friends gave us the finger and demanded even more help . 
  there will be no haircut , pay up . 
  the troika forced greece to close the banks ? 
  wtf ? 
  i see , you are fucking mad . 
  the debt does not go away when you default . 
  learn to english . 
  weather presenter persons are inefficient . 
  probably not , but it 's the greeks fault . 
   i guess it 's just because holding your money in the form of btc may be seen as safer than keeping your money in a greek bank account right now . 
  guys , it 's too late . 
  they can not get their euros out of greek bank accounts . 
  because he is an idiot who thinks that would magically allow you to convert the euros in your bank account to bitcoins . 
   u realize this `` bad day '' had the casualties of pearl harbor right ? 
  ca n't kill all the terrorists . 
   if we went to war over that , why does this seem odd to you ? 
  oh i kind of get that you wanted to kill saddam , but war seems a bit over the top . 
  and it 's definitely not article 5-worthy , that 's not for terrorists . 
   the us are like a bee hive , you attack it on it 's shore and the whole hive wakes up . 
  yes , you like pointless patriotism . 
  murica . 
  i trust you , you would n't want to make it a hassle driving to sydslesvig to buy beer . 
  the council is n't exactly voted in , it 's made up of the ( prime ) ministers where they can decide whatever the fuck they feel like without any national legistature approval . 
   there are building and resources , but not significantly more . 
  all you * actually * need to spend more money for are some more books for the library . 
   there are faculty costs it does n't matter if there are 10 or 100 students listening to the professor . 
  yes , some money will be spent for grading tests . 
   there are social support costs those people would study something else at the same cost , so that is irrelevant . 
   do n't get me wrong , i know and appreciate the need for art degrees , but supplying a glut of art degrees to a market that has not demand for them or has demand or people with art degrees as a secondary set of knowledge and education does no one any good . 
  of course it does , the people getting an education in art . 
  i think pension age was 60 for a long time in greece . 
  when that changes to 67 people are understandably unhappy . 
   67 years old for pension . 
  the point being ? 
  it should be 70 at least . 
  i 've heard it 's even worse in rwanda . 
  but it 's not a problem of society . 
  it does n't cost significantly more to educate 1,000 art majors instead of 100 . 
  well , you are wrong . 
  education 100 or 1,000 art degrees costs pretty much the same , so let them have it . 
  well , yes , that would be the point of limiting cash withdrawals to $ 60 daily . 
  checks ? 
  why ? 
  what do you need cash for ? 
  til rent is paid in cash and not by direct deposits . 
  i 'm not the who does n't know what `` default '' means . 
  you need to learn better english . 
  that 's a convenient fact for the british parliament , yes . 
  yes , sure . 
  that 's why it 's just annoying instead of ... well , something worse . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  they will pay the debt eventually , it does n't go away . 
  it 's not bankruptcy . 
  they will have to pay it eventually , it does n't go away . 
   they can get rid of the debt , the debt is in euros , a new greek currency will not change that . 
  our legislature passes unconstitutional laws all the time . 
  it 's annoying . 
  well , he is * technically * correct in that greece does not have to leave just because they are defaulting . 
   2 ) if we do n't , they will use that as a lever to demand a better deal from eurogroup . 
  but they wo n't get one , they will leave the euro . 
  i love that even operations advertise with godt tilbud . 
  you guys sure love a good sale . 
  yeah , so ? 
  they ordered and now they have to pay up , if they do n't want or can not afford those submarines it 's * their * job to sell them . 
  not ours . 
  i was just gon na say this , greece should definitely save on that . 
  more work hours and less freedom = = lower quality of life . 
  in a nutshell . 
  you are hilarious . 
   why not , , what are your arguments ? 
  it 's romania . 
   so , the greeks get to keep their living standards at europes expense , why romanians just have to shut up and suck it ? 
  how is that fair ? 
  no , the romanians also get to keep their living standards . 
  actually we already improved your living standards by a lot at our expense . 
  but they are the poor part we are currently in the process of boot strapping . 
   i mean , i 've seen a number of comments in this sub over the years saying that the poorest person in europe is better off than a lot of people in the us , i guess you just start to believe it after a while . 
  it 's true , but we obviously do n't mean romania when we say that . 
  well , to us that is obvious .
