  greencards are practically impossible to get . 
  they only give those out during the yearly lottery and the available number for european countries is far far lower than the number of entries . 
  h-1b visa are hard to get and you are basically a slave to the company that sponsored you . 
  got fired ? 
  off home you go . 
  been in the usa for three years ? 
  might get a three year extension . 
  been in the usa six years ? 
  nice knowing you , have nice day ( in your home country ) . 
  and there are only about 100k available each year :  [ the h-1b visa has an annual numerical limit `` cap '' of 65,000 visas each fiscal year . 
  the first 20,000 petitions filed on behalf of beneficiaries with a u.s. master 's degree or higher are exempt from the cap . 
  additionally , h-1b workers who are petitioned for or employed at an institution of higher education or its affiliated or related nonprofit entities or a nonprofit research organization , or a government research organization are not subject to this numerical cap . 
  ] ( http://www.uscis.gov/working-united-states/temporary-workers/h-1b-specialty-occupations-dod-cooperative-research-and-development-project-workers-and-fashion-models ), 
  are you asking him to go to romania ? 
  seriously ? 
  and nobody cares . 
  you will understand when you finally have something and then lose it . 
  that 's way worse than never having it . 
  how would i know ? 
  maybe there were many poles inside ? 
  in any case i would n't have thought it were run by poles , i would have thought it was located in poland . 
  guys , this time the american is correct , do n't downvote him . 
   large luxury cars . 
  but you still use the american definition of luxury car meaning `` expensive car '' while the correct definition is `` luxurious car '' , which a tesla definitely is not . 
   the model 3 is aimed for $ 35k because that 's roughly the median sale price of a new car in the us . 
  new cars are mostly bought by businesses who wo n't bother with teslas . 
   it 's not meant to compete with used cars , so the intended buyers will still be relatively affluent . 
  why are we suddenly speaking about used cars now ? 
  there are * new * cars on sale from $ 7,000 . 
  [ the first reservation was created in 1658 . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_reservation ) . 
  i used literally the word they are called today in english , why is everyone thinking of ww2 ? 
  does n't make any sense , especially because there were n't any reservations in germany ever . 
  i was going with the american model . 
   you know , concentration camps were n't only for jews . 
  also roma were put in there . 
  are you aware of that fact when expressing such ideas ? 
  and if you are , how can you still be able to express them instead of having your brain telling you to shut up ? 
  i did n't say it were a good answer . 
   also , an association between roma/gypsies and romania does n't make that much sense when roma have been living in all over continental europe for several centuries , including germany . 
  but we do n't want their reservation here . 
  romania will probably sell some cheap land . 
   and we end up with legally and morally grey area . 
  i know . 
  i have no real practical solution to offer to this mess . 
  well they obviously would n't be allowed to leave the reservation , that would defeat its purpose . 
   they usually become no-go zones . 
  well , yeah , that 's the point . 
   the main problem is that it 's hard to get anyone out of those ghettos , so kids end up living their entire lives there with no chance of escape . 
  the problem being ? 
  we could take all the children directly after birth and put them in orphanages , thereby extinguishing gypsy culture within three or four generations . 
  but we would be getting seriously in danger of being called racist in that case . 
  ca n't do that . 
  i 'm sure the woman in question deserved the two punches she got . 
  anyway , we should make begging illegal and either put people in prison for that and/or deport gypsies convicted x times to some reservation . 
   likewise we ca n't expect them to appear in court or give them a caution . 
  we can expect them , we just know they wo n't . 
   does anyone have an answer ? 
  build a fence around a nice reservation in romania . 
  deport every gypsy that got convicted of x crimes to that reservation . 
  ( yes , we will provide food and stuff and money according to romanian basic welfare requirements obviously ) 3 . 
  profit by not having our stuff stolen . 
   and it doesnt only have roots but seems to be a big problem in big cities right now . 
  in stockholm they are begging and living at every every subway entrance and scattered all over the city , it 's quite disgusting . 
  yeah , because a group of asians just randomly thought `` hey , let 's beat up that gypsy that did nothing to us '' , riiiight . 
   hiding their heritage why is that a problem if it stops them from stealing ? 
  no , but when a certain group commits a lot of crimes it 's not racism stays away from that group . 
  at 0:08 she is getting a couple of punches . 
  nothing bad , though and she probably deserved it . 
  you are allowed to arrest people in france , yet you have to accomplish this without any amount of force ? 
  how does that work ? 
  well ... there 's mountains and stuff . 
  consensus apparently . 
   [ europe is now generally defined by geographers as the western peninsula of eurasia , with its boundaries marked by large bodies of water to the north , west and south ; europe 's limits to the far east are usually taken to be the urals , the ural river , and the caspian sea ; to the southeast , including the caucasus mountains , the black sea and the waterways connecting the black sea to the mediterranean sea . ], 
  to nitpick : european council usually refers to the council of the european union , you should use `` council of europe '' when talking about the other one . 
  of course there is , europe geographically ends at the ural mountains . 
  i think .5 l cans are about $ .70 in german stores . 
  but you can get 1l bottles for $ .75 each when they are on offer . 
  which they are for at least a week per month . 
  yeah , ukraine is amazingly cheap right now . 
  i guess there are reasons for that , right ? 
  well it 's only 5 euros , one might argue that its trivial size accurately relates to its triviality . 
   if germany did n't want the risk , it should have opposed i know , i said as much . 
  but that was n't an option at the time . 
   honestly i do believe that u.s would uphold article 5 when putin invaded estonia , i 'm quite sure they would , but that 's not the topic of this discussion . 
   man , i wish that was the reason . 
  nah , most people here do n't believe that . 
  well , most do n't know about it , of those that do , maybe a better portion believe that we 're responsible . 
  in any case , it was n't a prime motivation . 
  i know , i was trying to give you some credit . 
   the main objective was simply to eliminate afghanistan as a base from which terrorists can operate freely ; which was done by successfully forcing them back to the mountains of pakistan where they came from in the first place . 
  well spent trillions of dollars , indeed . 
  mmmh , there 's like 50k soldiers out of 1.3 million and an additional 20k-ish military related jobs . 
  pretty much ? 
  sure . 
  a good portion ? 
  maybe ... 
  it just does n't explain why people are bothered with `` support our troops '' at seaworld . 
  all of us support them every day , by paying taxes . 
  dude , no need to be condescending . 
  i think you should actually thank me for my service , should n't you ?
