as much as i love dutch politics , i was not referring to political parties . 
  the call for tougher sentencing of crimes , more police in the streets , fewer immigrants ( especially muslims ) , no more money to brussels/greece , no more euro has never been stronger . 
   my central point is that : the netherlands is not less progressive , the netherlands is not shifting drastically rightwing , we are not becoming intolerable , we are not becoming antileft . 
  wow , i ca n't believe you live in the same country as i do . 
  also , how can you still call pvda left after all the shit they pulled ? 
  edit : let me put it differently : do you foresee any big liberal achievements in the near future ? 
  something like legalization of abortion , soft drugs or prostitution in the past ? 
  the dutch are not really that tolerant leftwing country that it used to be . 
  yes , we were the first to have abortion , gay marriage and legal softdrugs and prostitution , but those are decades old victories . 
  since the turn of the century , the netherlands have been swept up in the same rightwing anti-immigration anti-muslim anti-welfare state anti-eu bullshitry as every other european country ( or so it seems ) . 
  anti-gay sentiment is on the rise , except when defending `` our gays '' from evil muslims . 
  we are worse than germany when it comes to austerity politics . 
  hardly the leftwing liberal culture people still think we are . 
  this sub is rapidly turning into a rightwing anti-immigration platform . 
  i 'm afraid there will not be a rational debate about islam itself , because genuine haters will abuse it . 
  the ones calling for a debate about islam are usually the haters disguising their hatred as concern for people 's well-being . 
  it 's like saying `` it 's time to answer the question of whether the holocaust really happened -- without cries of antisemitism '' . 
  you 've already lost to the crazies before you start . 
  quite uncalled for . 
  the article hardly answers the question . 
  you 're right , telling those drowning refugees to get the fuck out 'cause they ca n't have a slice of * our * pie is a more humane long-term solution / s, 
  so * almost * slavery then ? 
  starting your own reddit is n't realistic , either . 
  just sayin ' . 
  that is not legal . 
  ask [ the antique dealer who was charged with selling a copy ] ( http://artdaily.com/news/70930/dutch-antiques-dealer-michiel-van-eyck-charged-for-selling-copy-of-hitler-s--mein-kampf -- ) . 
   under dutch law , the sale of `` mein kampf '' was banned in 1974 because the blueprint for the rise of nazism and jewish holocaust promoted hatred and discrimination . 
   if convicted , van eyck faces up to six months in jail or a 7,600 euro ( $ 10,300 ) fine . 
  he was let off in the end , but the law still stands . 
   in it , as he has done so many times before , the prominent politician compared the koran with mein kampf and , ( ironically but characteristically for wilder 's lack of principles ) , insisted that the former book be banned . 
  that 's because the latter book is already banned in the netherlands . 
  are you deliberately misusing `` pyramid scheme '' now ? 
  you , like so many people , are applying `` moral hazard '' backwards . 
  the term has always meant the hazard of bankers to hand out bad loans expecting a bailout when the debtor could not pay ... 
  which is * exactly * what happened !, 
  it is ironic that precisely the politicians who are responsible , are now subtly redefining the term `` moral hazard '' . 
  funny that the thumbnail actually shows the nice bicycle lanes, 
  looks cool and i like that zeit compares the greece situation to got intrigue , but this is biased as fuck . 
  you forgot the best part : no matter how dire the situation , mark will laugh it off . 
  his extreme optimism is both loved and hated . 
  link ? 
  i honestly ca n't find it . 
  politiek24 is currently tour de france 24 , it seems :(, 
  it can also be seen as a negotiating tactic . 
  first , it is simple stalling . 
  second , if the result is no , he can use that as an argument . 
  third , if the result is yes , he can either resign without too much shame ( it is then a disagreement about what to do and not incompetence that forces his resignation ) or change course without it being flip-flopping . 
  whatever happens , this is an important and fascinating referendum . 
   no consequences extreme unemployment , harsh wage and pension cuts , vat through the roof ... 
  it 's not like there were no consequences . 
  the article does n't say `` how belgium became a terrorism hotbed '' , only that it 's hard to say . 
  why do you ask ? 
  you are . 
  have a good day . 
  you have it all upside-down . 
  who is selling isis flags ? 
  what media are * not * saying the us should impose gun control ? 
  are you still talking about the netherlands ? 
  that self-victimization is your vague feeling unwelcome rather than the objective discrimination of ethnic minorities happening in for example the job market . 
  i would say the latter is more important . 
  you just do n't care because it does n't affect you . 
  the media having a left wing bias was maybe true a decade ago , but now it 's nothing but right wing politicians playing the victim . 
  * rutte * is the yes man ? 
  what are you on ? 
   open flood gates 20 people and they 're * closing * the loophole, 
   as many as 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 15 have been given legal permission to join their older partners at dutch asylum centres twenty !, 
  sound the alarms !!, 
  / s come on , bbc . 
  you are better than this . 
  nobody is condoning child marriage and especially not pedophilia . 
  age of consent is still 16 , married or not . 
  besides , they are fixing the law already . 
  tempest in a teapot . 
  indeed . 
  he 's talking out of his ass . 
  you are projecting your wishes more than stating the facts . 
  multiculturalism is very much happening . 
  it is n't `` dead '' just because you want it to be . 
  the same goes for people not ever having believed in multiculturalism . 
  do n't ruin the circlejerk this is clearly a case of sjw overreaction and `` progressive '' europeans being afraid to stand up for their beliefs , bending over backwards not to offend the muslims, 
  original thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/3momt2/besorgte_b\u00fcrger_f\u00e4lschen_mietk\u00fcndigungen_um/, 
  that 's not what it says . 
  at least these are proven fake , i do n't know about the others . 
  [ removed ], 
   our ridiculous private vehicle tax is its true . my german colleagues could not believe i pay more monthly than they do yearly . 
   there is no speed limit . 
  the recommended speed is 130 . 
  is it true that insurers do n't cover you above 130 ? 
  might as well be illegal , then . 
  dutch people are impossible to emberrass . 
  we are very direct in our communication , which often comes across as rudeness . 
  the dutch speak multiple languages . 
  it is seen as something to be proud of . 
  we will switch to other languages to show off and also because we think it 's rude to speak dutch when not everyone can understand , even if it 's just one of a while group of someone not even engaged in the conversation . 
  not really , no . 
  same, 
  is mooie dag really a popular funeral song ? 
  because it 's not just about death but specifically about suicide . 
  came here to say exactly that . 
  the process is the same in the netherlands , including the `` formateur '' usually becoming pm .
