  here 's a google translate : expected load of passengers due to the introduction of a temporary 100-percent control of eu external borders of bulgaria , announced the directorate `` border police '' , quoted by the press office of the interior ministry . 
  for the same reason the slower will be processed identification documents of border crossing with turkey , macedonia , serbia , and through checkpoints sofia airport . 
  the increased border control is part of the bulgarian government introduced measures following the terrorist attacks in the french capital paris . 
  it is recommended that bulgarian citizens the opportunity to rethink their travel plans , according to the changed situation . 
  airport `` sofia '' there is increased police presence and police dogs , police `` focus '' . 
  the flight from france to bulgaria , `` bulgaria air '' is delayed by about 30 minuti.ochakva to arrive at 14:43 pm. , according to the tray . 
  that 's the problem . 
  actual migrants are willing to fight tooth and nail to earn their place . 
  second gen migrants end up being whiny upper-middle class shits that get recruited by is . 
  i ised to be a a regular at / r/askhistorians , but then i decided to quit on moral grounds . 
  i applaud their attempt at keeping things accademic , but hard thruth is they are very western biased . 
  they were willing to take a very shit source ( popular , hardly researched book on slavery in the balkans ) by an english writen in english over an untranslated paper in bulgarian by an academic who 's had at least 35 years in the field and cites other academics as well as primary sourcesin different languages . 
  just on the merit of being bilgarian or english one is concidered more credible and the other more biased and unreliable . 
  as far as the video in question , i do n't know about other places , but in the central and eastern balkans , the dots were shockingly spot on . 
  i could elaborate on almost all of them as they appeared on the map . 
  since a lot of those are hardly researched and often overlooked by western historians , i 'm giving the guy some credit and assume he 's been as dilligent for all the others . 
  nothing new here . 
  all the pro-russian protests and manifestations that gather tens of thousands according to rt , are for the most part 10 to 50 strategically placed people . 
  yes , bulgaria is rabidly christian . 
  also , the chimn of our holiest patron saints literally starts with `` forward , science is the sun , burning bright within our sould '' . 
  as for iraq - we held a lousy airport and then a base . 
  because of the whole do n't shoot the locals , be civil and etc , a bomb truck got inside the outter peremiter of the base and soldiers died . 
  if we were anything like what you describe , we would have whiped that village off the map . 
  [ not really ] ( https://youtu.be/i_to-cv94bo ), 
  dude please , ours run on dos . 
  he a unique snowflake beyond definitions . 
  newsflash !, 
  you can love both folk music and balkan pop music ( it 's referred to as pop-folk , but that 's technically only true about serbia and some other regions ) . 
  sandra africa is awesome and i 'm not saying that just because she 's allergic to clothes . 
  i dare say her music is better than 90 % of the synthetic us crap in the last 5 years . 
  but , since we 're doing folk songs , might as well add [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md_hecjjeug&amp;index=2 ) . 
  the jurnalyata are all homosexuals . 
  the commies fought the oligarchy only to install an olgarchy like yhe wolrd had never known . 
  kind if like that one time uk became a republic . 
  money ca n't buy you happyness . 
  this is a downpayment . 
  edit - ok , i get it . 
  no one here plays gta 5 . 
  respect mah authoritaaaah !, 
  yet . 
  i 'm going to the the pub tonight , might as well say a few words . 
  wish me luck . 
  yet . 
  well , you got me there . 
  yeah , well , if they are n't allready , they will soon have the gulag camps up and running again . 
  honestly , i 've tried to and i ca n't find a single difference between putin and hitler . 
  san francisco cocksuckaaa, 
  obviously your knowlege of your country 's history is somewhere between third grade and jack squat . 
  just because people outside of bulgarian are n't aware of this , it does n't make it any less true . 
  plus those are well documented recent events , not claming ancesstry to a foreighn dude who ruled your province . 
  bulgarian sour milk ( youghurt ) is quite popular there , as well as rose oil . 
  we were allies in ww2 . 
  also , the bulgarian sumo fighter kaloyan mihalev - kotoshu is hugely popular and one of only 16 foreighners to ever compete in the heaviest sumo category . 
  i 'm pretty sure they know where bulgaria is , though i woul n't say the same about americans and france . 
  actually i hate anime and my favourite swords are the cossack shashka/palash and the bulgarian officer sabre . 
  the samurai were a mounted archer force for most of history , to use their sword was a great shame because is showed a pathetic lack of skill with thw bow and/or getting dismounted by some pesant . 
  only in later centuries when western influence came and they turned to a more bureaucratic duties the sword came in handy . 
  also there is no such thing as a honor code/philosophy in bushido . 
  ( there is n't one in european chivalry , but that 's another topic . ), 
  as far as bravery , the guys took two nukes and a lot of generals were still ready to fight on , so there 's that . 
  edit : i almost forgot - do kindly go fornicate yourself . 
  yes , there was even a samurai who fought in the russo-turkish war . 
  reguardless of the political regimes or even the cold war , we 've always had a good economic and cultural relationship . 
  so , yeah , while they may not top the trade or military ally of the day , they do remain one of our most important international partners . 
  japan, 
  well , dust your fez if you want . 
  i 'm getting my manlicher 95 . 
  so , is the rissian invasion scenario available , or was that just a promo ? 
  sorry , been watching too much westworld . 
  this shit reads like the typical `` smart and beautiful '' troll propaganda . 
  i personally support the ancient greek concept of kalokagayhia . 
  just because she 's hot , does n't mean she 's daft . 
  well , now i guess i 'm interested ineough to check it out . 
  i hope there are no tentacles . 
  i like the eu , but what the fuck is their problem with alphabet ? 
  it 's clear he 'll win . 
  i was planning on saying that , not today , not tomorrow , but one day there will be a real democracy in bulgaria . 
  then i remembered how that walking dead episode ended . 
  there is no democrasy in bulgaria . 
  all hail negan ( dogan ) . 
  gay nazi ? 
  that 's like a velociraptor with machine gun . 
  yep . 
  pretty soon the right wind supremacists are going to become obsolete and the govt will turn them into outcast calling itself civilised . 
  in absolutely no way , shape or form . 
  in fact most people , as the recent referendum prooved , have only maginal concept of how the ruling institutions work , let alone the eu . 
  all people know is the shit soup the russian media serve them every day . 
  ( 80 % of media in bulgaria is controlled by oligarchs , who are installed by former comunist state security / russia . 
  hell , even the supreme party lead todor zivkov admitted in one if his last interviews , that the ds ( stazi ) had agents directly reporting to russia . ), 
  so , they obviously work for a secrect cloning facility , right ... ? 
  the battle for being a normal country is lost . 
  now comes the battle between being an underdevelouped country and being a shithole like noth korea or turkey as of late . 
  oh , i do n't know , i think the other donald would be eager for a threesome . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is n't really fair . 
  the eu pretty much forced a special prosecution unit in romania . 
  bulgaria has the same , even deeper problems with corruption , but all the eu does is pat and hug the corrup politicians and write a useless report on how bad things are . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is n't really fair . 
  the eu pretty much forced a special prosecution unit in romania . 
  bulgaria has the same , even deeper problems with corruption , but all the eu does is pat and hug the corrup politicians and write a useless report on how bad things are . 
  i ca n't help but quote the joker on this one : `` that 's a very poor choice of words .
