  what happened in 61 ? 
  as far as i know this is the biggest terrorist act . 
  the plovdiv station bombing had about 40 victims and the bunovo station/sliven hotel took 7 people . 
  the ottoman empire had a nobility structure and the chorbadjiya and levent class was a various form of nobility . 
  it would n't have been too far fetched to revive old noble titles like boliar and bestow them upon deserving families - a prime example would have been the karavelov family - rich , european educated , well established and adored by the people . 
  also on this day in 1879 the [ turnovo constitution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarnovo_constitution ) was signed . 
  based on the belgian constitution , it was one of the most modern ones in its time , completely abolishing nobility . 
  the early bulgarian communists played an integral part into integral part into internationalising and popularising the comintern . 
  actually , the fist dictator - georgi dimitrov was one of the 3 people who organised the burning of the reichstad . 
  after ww2 it was impossible to join bulgaria to yugoslavia , or the ussr , so instead it remained an `` enthusiastic '' mrmber of the warsaw pact and the eastern sphere of influence . 
  the ruling party removed all opposition , including some of the moderate leftist parties and had insanely great relations with russia . 
  that is why when russia was the sole country to ask for invasion of czekoslovakia none of the other warsaw members , except bulgaria voted in favour . 
  and we were the only ones to send in troops along with russia - as far as i remember a tank battalion and two mechanised infantry regiments . 
  naturally this did not go unnoticed , so russia was there to pick up almost half of the tab when the government banrupted the state in the 70s ... twice . 
  as far as nato - they could n't do anything , without declaring war on the entire warsaw pact , just like now russia ca n't invade romania without going to war with the rest of nato . 
  well , there 's that czechoslovakian thing in 68 ... 
  magic , duh . 
  fara should totally shoot this dude . 
  do n't get me wrong , both are prick , but from a marketing pov this is going to skyrocket nigel 's rating more than a sex scandal . 
  um , you can only choose a champion if you are n't capable of fighting equally for yourself - i.e. 
  a woman , child , old person etc. 
  and now i 'm jelly . 
  they 'd better not come up with a bs no money excuse next month . 
  as an economist i deal with statistics so i do know about misinterpreting information . 
  however i was talking about the general outcome from marriages in the 80s and 90s . 
  it 's rare to find people who are still married to the same person . 
  the actual number of marriages has been steadily increasing for the last few years , but that still does n't make the institution nearly as relevant as say in the 30s , or 70s . 
  i bought the airline . 
  ... what ? 
  it seamed easier . 
  bulgaria - probably better than most actually . 
  can they marry ? 
  - no , however marriage as a whole has hit an all time low in popularity . 
  almost all of the late 80s-90s marriages have ended up in a divorce and that has made cohabitation soar in popularity . 
  also the family benefits are n't that huge , so it 's more of a moral choise . 
  can they have children ? 
  i do n't know about homo regulation , but as far as adoption goes gypcies are free , if you want a bulgarian kid the soicial agent will require a * cough * `` donation '' . 
  i 'm guessing gay people will have to pay more , but they can always pretend to be a single parent . 
  are they seen well in society ? 
  - most people will accept them , but they are n't exactly soaring in popularity . 
  one of the two most common risofili insult is `` the euro-gays '' , the other one being `` sorosoid '' . 
  also a lot of people claim that removing the draft is the reason gays are comming up . 
  the church - well , it 's like it 's 1996 and homosexuality is that one britney spears video running on mtv . 
  it 's not exactly explicit , but it is making a lot of people uncomfortable . 
  edit . 
  also `` pederast '' is a very common insult here , also a term of endearment reserved for close friend , expecially when one chances upon them in the street and has the opportunity to scream that particular term and shock nearby elder ladies . 
  we should really take a page out of sam neil and that merlin hallmark movie 's book . 
  if you fear and pay attention to evil you only make it stronger . 
  as sonn as you turn your back and foget about it it looses its power . 
  b\u00e2lgarija ? 
  this can not be . 
  did someone actually try to transcribe it accurately ? 
  seriously , hearing `` ulg '' which sounds like the fruit quince makes me cringe every time . 
  pretty girls , standart 1-2 star hotel , depressing atmosphere . 
  they are probably very nice people , which is even more depressing since the commercial itself has already made me suicidal . 
  their tagline should be `` a truly kafkaesque expreience '' . 
  seriously , if i did n't believe in that , i 'd say that this video is full of psychotropic brain washing that makes people want to kill themselves , just like that vhs from that 80s movie . 
  ha , poor gray dacia just sitting on the side , waiting and all the other cars are like damn , i got places to be and cut trough the convoy . 
  too much quality leads to lowering the quantity below sustainable numbers . 
  europeans do n't make a first spawwn , before they 're able to carry it at least halfway trough university . 
  africans are reproducing so much , they 're overbrimming from the boats to europe , and sadly that is not a visceral metaphor . 
  ww1 has already passed the 100 year mark and ww2 is fast approaching . 
  already the population that was alive and not children at the time is in the 10-15 % and rapidly dwindling . 
  it 's about time people started living in the present . 
  no , that 's a argaining chip . 
  one of the few the greeks can still play . 
  ivan asen 2 - marriage ex machina or samuil , he was literally like eddard stark , only less dumb . 
  although a lot of compatriates would probably want that austiran guy . 
  at first i thought she skipped a us$ 27 bill . 
  you know , swearing left and right that there are no russian military in ukraine and then comming out and saying everything that was feverently denied was actually true , inspires a lot of thrustworthyness . 
  how can corruption be real , if our kidnapping is n't . 
  bonus round : [ bulgarian accent level : euro mp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tbhl75ctsi ) [ bulgarian accent level : football coach ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_1wnrj3bum ), 
  bulgaria * [ de se i chulo i videlo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md_hecjjeug ) * [ elmaz i stuklo - b.t.r. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7smr4vw5o2i ) * [ burgaski vcheri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo3ppe8ltzg ) ( song starts at 1:34 ), 
  this is bulgaria , in the darkness gypcies steal your sword and you black cloak and they cook your ravens . 
  ludmila , reguardless of her lineage , was a real bulgarian princess . 
  her activities supported a lot of cultural and heritage causes and she very actively refused to follow the party line or even be somewhat agreeable . 
  there is little doubt that her car `` accident '' was accidental . 
  after the 6-7th century , yes . 
  also keep in mind that the regime tried to `` modify '' the origin story to tailour a more fitting narrative . 
  in the socialist version , the bulgars are a horse lord tribe that pops out of nowhere in the 6th century , fu * ks shi * t up and then runs away to the balkans . 
  the most fictitious part is that a migrant group travelled about 4-500 km , raised a motte and bailey castle in less than a year and then defeated a full on campaign by constantinopole , leading to the 681 treaty . 
  meanwhile the southern slavs were this peaceful wood elfs hiding about . 
  there are a few sources citing bulgarian settlements and bulgars as neighbours as early as the 630s . 
  the main part of bulgarians , however had expanded and were inhabiting lands north-east . 
  the hazar invasion forced some to return back to the balkans and fight byzanthine for land and the ones that remained became vasals and formed the volga bulgar . 
  constantine iv got overconfident after winning the arab campaign and wanted to retake the north , but he bit off more than he could chew . 
  also the slavs were anything but peaceful . 
  obviously [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4mefc1ee7q ) is how it happened . 
  the rahn-utt strategy contained a secret chapter on how to commit economic genocide on the population . 
  we are descended from the atlantheans . 
  we are descended from the one of the bible tribes . 
  we are descended from the master race of human-alien human-alien nephilim . 
  the chineese buld the wall because of the invading bulgars . 
  ( this one might be sort of true-ish , but without evidence it falls into the theory cathegory . ), 
  ghengis khan 's mom was bulgar . 
  that 's why the horde had only one unsuccessful campaign against the bulgarian kingdom and they never tried again . 
  the pharaohs were thracians . 
  `` at least they wo n't be using cocaine-flavoured bananas to finance revol ... god damn it , cyril !, 
  this one time in the viii c. [ king tervel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tervel_of_bulgaria ) saved europe from a muslim invasion .
