  actually it has a lot of bulgarian items and even one of the soundtracks is a bulgarian song . 
  now , it is a polish game , you ca n't expect is to reflect balkan culture exclusively . 
  fake money , fake democrasy , fake justice system , fake patriots , fake eco nuts , fake sallary , fake workers , fake meat in the stores , fake foods , fake girlfriends , fake relationships , fake fasebook friends . 
  since 1944 bulgaria has been a counterfeit country . 
  thank god when a rakia bottle says it 's 50 % alcohol , that is not fake too . 
  yep , most popular post on r/bulgaria is a halloween hate . 
  ironically , they are using the exact same local ritualistic rites to proose how `` outlandish '' the eirogayamrican haloween is . 
  i 'm also willing to bet that 90 % of them uppity ashole trditionalists who are so vehement about protecting orthodoxy , can not name the date of the the bulgarian all saits day . 
  i 've seen illiterate people being shown which symbol they should look for and scratch over . 
  while i do belive that e people like them still should have a right to choose a representative , they should ' t have a right vote on referendums on subjects they know nothing about . 
  that is why most normal democracies tend to avoid referendums . 
  it 's not the will of the people . 
  it 's the will of whoever can gather up the most idiots at the voting booth . 
  we have some great v.o. 
  voices , alas they are mostly used for soap operas . 
  saudi arabia ... 
  se what you reaction was . 
  now go ahead and tell me how developed they are . 
  actually , orthodox priests are allowed to marry . 
  compared to bulgaria the greeks are still doing quite well . 
  / no s, 
  ironically i 've seen a quite a few doctors sucking a fag . 
  there is a story on fb abou a woman getting scolded for telling off a doctor who went out to ligh a cigarette at the hospital entrance . 
  it would n't even surprise me it happens to be true . 
  one thing that i do not agree with in the table is the proportions . 
  yes , some men are chimneys , but most are occasional smokers . 
  women on the other hand - well it seems like 99 % of the sub 40 group is a smoker . 
  a pack a day keeps the doctor away . 
  ... no , wait , that 's not right ... also , we 're first , so `` yey '' , i guess . 
  tjere should be a warning lable . 
  title may cause uncontrollable laughter fit . 
  https://youtu.be/cbbmig-aw8e this comes to mind . 
  well , i 'm sorry , italian people , but i grew up in the 90s . 
  hahha gluttony ... russians merely adopted eating a lot . 
  usa was born in fast food , molded by deep frying . 
  they did n't see a salad until the scales were already over capacity . 
  careful , bobo . 
  you do n't want to bite the hand that feeds . 
  yeah , and putin is very likely to start ww3 and the nuclear apocalypse . 
  that trumps some greedy suits and the radical cult . 
  every big city has `` no-go '' zones - poor , usually suburban neighbourhoods where minorities and criminals thrive . 
  there is a difference between illegal practices and a state approved slavery . 
  this good news , but those short sleeves are not going to cut it . 
  the weather is already circling below 15 in the mornings and the border is a rocky/mountainous terrain ... 
  35 k $ is 70 000 leva in bulgarian currency . 
  i am a university educated bachelor who is stydying a major . 
  i 'm employed full time with what is considered a decent sallary . 
  i would have to work about 65 months to have earned this ammount of money and that does not account for rent or living conditions . 
  in other word i would have to spent about five years to have that ammount of money . 
  you 'll excuse me if i 'm not feeling very sorry for these migrants . 
  edit : used `` an '' instead of `` a '' . 
  definitely going to hell . 
  wait , did n't he get stabbed by one of his first maters ? 
  the discovery channel lied to me . 
  the brigit bardo foundation does not approve . 
  yes , foreign workers should also wear some sort of identification on them . 
  it could be a geotaggin braclet , but it would be far more economical to just use cloth armbands or some symbol to swe on their clothes . 
  what did columbus personally attribute to the slavery trade ? 
  he was an explorer . 
  thag 's all he did . 
  it 's like destroying a statue of einsteing because heroshima . 
  for f sake , he even got cheated out of naming the place , because of that vespucci guy . 
  yes , also , buy drugs , get stabbed , get chased by an ancient evil demon , or be a victim in a third-rated cop tv series . 
  excuse me . 
  i 'll be in my bunk . 
  well i guess you can fuck yourself ... 
  jesus , call peta or something . 
  that is no way to treat a horse , even a dead one . 
  how about a trade war between the us and china , beacuse of a certain power-wig was building a wall ... 
  while a peg is limiting in form , it does alow some wriggle room , especially in extreme economic situations . 
  bulgaria already suffered a major currency shock some 19 years ago . 
  economy is arguably stable for now . 
  there is no fortelling how the market will react to a violent change like this . 
  as an economist mo own predictions lean towards negative . 
  that has nothing to do with political views , as i support the eu . 
  there is no unified taxation across the eurozone , and that is a pretty big achiles ' heel . 
  as the bgn is pegged there are not actual benefits for adopting the euro . 
  the euro is in a very turbulent state . 
  now is a bad time to join , for simple volatility reasons alone . 
  patriotis - i do n't want to forgo the lev currency for historic and other reasons . 
  there are may people who do n't know jack about science . 
  they just love getting into arguments and bashing zealots . 
  the aforementioned also refuse to recognise that there may be religious people who are not complete retards and that fringe movements supported by a 0.00000 something percentage of the populattion are not representative of the religion as a whole . 
  creationism is a retarded american interpretation of the bible . 
  in fact , thoughout centuries , the church has been one of the biggest investors in education and science . 
  also , ironically , the big bang theory , which seems to have become the rallying call for idiots who support science , because it 's the hip new thing , was created by a catholic priest scientist and the layman explanation is heavily inspired by the bible . 
  well , i 'm european and for the better part of five centuries my people were slaves in the ottoman empire , yeah there 's that . 
  just some scientific heart cutting out and human sacrifices , nothing to bother about ... 
  it 's not a joke . 
  some of us have been rasing the issue of too easy citizenships for russians as a threat to national security and now an official russian politician gave confirmation . 
  disturbingly enough , there already are green men in bulgaria and the brainded secret services are doing jack because freedom of blabbing and etc. 
  seing as how , nevsky helped tamerlan islamise that other ( vologi ) bulgaria , i 'm thinking - no sale . 
  stop proliferating this myth if the helpless buttnaked afrikanes and indianes and the evil gun-toting europeans . 
  most of the times europeans were outnumbered 100:1 with no hope of backup . 
  tribes like the azteks and zulus were batshit crazy . 
  the world is better off for having whiped them out . 
  fuck russia and their tourists . 
  thanks , farrage . 
  30s now remember kids , when they open this time capsule in the future they are going to be fascinated by the way we lived and how our daily lives went on . 
  2016 so , a bunch of adolf selfies , newspapers and mein kampf ... meh ...
