  so basically , to sum it up crudely , he spoke a lot of bull and when shit got real he got out of dodge . 
  hm , does that bring to mind a certain frog-face british politician , quite popular of late ... 
  did you actually read marx yourself ? 
  his economic theory in particular ? 
  marx completely ignores the value created by the figure of the entrepreneur ( j.b say 's economic theory ) in favour of workers taking the bulk of added value and giving a minute percentage to the establisment . 
  such economic model collapses upon itself , as there is no body to ensure prudent managemen . 
  marxism is a system which relies on all the elements having devotion and dedication to the common good - a fictitious and utopian understanding of humans . 
  in fact , marx was inspired by t. more . 
  that is why small community communes manage to work , but ones things get large scale it turns into a shitstorm . 
  marx 's idea is n't bad , it 's flawed . 
  he simply assumes all low level workers are infinitely honest , decent , and would n't avoid labour and leave someone else to do the work . 
  had he ever been an actual entrepreneur or handled people like his lawer father , he would never have held those views . 
  also , the proletariat hated the rich and intelligent burguasie and royalty . 
  what did they do when they murdered rich people ? 
  they became an even more villainous priviliged class that not only forced others to whitness their `` superiority '' , but also demanded that people think like them and murdered anyone who dissagreed . 
  and thry have a loud mouth fuckface , though this one sort of up and left . 
  maybe because you ca n't get elected for king . 
  marx was a rich kid with an alcohol habbit who whined about working class people and evil businessmen , even though , he had has never bee either one of those . 
  migrants are a far more complicated issue , but putin definately had a hand in the brexit vote . 
  champagne , bi * ch please . 
  that ca n't get even skinny chicks drunk . 
  talk to me when he downs more than 400 ml of rakia . 
  there really was no need to clarify that he is gay . 
  all refferies are pederasts . 
  yey , moneee . 
  businesses are not public institutions . 
  they have the right to refuse service . 
  i 'd hate to be the one to address the elephant in the room , but how the actual f-star-star-k do you perform hair dressing on a person whose head is covered with cloth ? 
  well , when you get shuned and stoned for not wearing it , it 's not really a personal choice . 
  i only drink evian , cause i enjoy the taste of poor people 's tears ... nah , jk . 
  i wonder if a placebo test can proove if it actually tastes different . 
  i meant if actually run in and say you want water , they are n't going to deny you . 
  why would you ever ark for tap water in restaurant ? 
  you should be drinking something more distinguished . 
  besides , even if the local watter is not problematic , who knows what kind of dirty sink they are using . 
  weekly ? 
  weekly ? 
  we do it once a year for maintainace and once a year for a minutes for commemorating h.botev and revolutionaries . 
  this is actually counterproductive . 
  if there ever was an airraid , people will just be like `` meh , testing ... '' . 
  not true at all . 
  i 've yet to see a restaurant where you walk in and ask for a glass of water and get refused . 
  now , that does n't go for takig a table . 
  so , basically you are denying ee countries the freedom to democratically choose their side ... 
  so , serbia to get first openly serbian cabinet minister . 
  i 'm sorry , i coul n't help myself . 
  well , we were hitler 's allies for quite some time , i guess old habbits die hard ... 
  ukraine is at war and in war bad things happen . 
  especially when guerilla units are involved . 
  let 's not pretend that the other side is any more civilised . 
  at least ukraine has a media outlet that speaks openly and condems such acts . 
  meanwhile , in moscow they did a march of shame with female prisoners ( yes , just like in game of thrones ) . 
  if they are doing that to their own people , imagin what kind of a mad-max shithole those free republics have been turned into . 
  much sports , such olimpic spirit . 
  maybe it 's time to stop focusing on the past and start paying attentionto the evils today . 
  putin , erdogan , trump - they are no different than hitler , musolini and their kind . 
  yes , counterstrike did it . 
  still ok to show muslim preachers explain why you should be tollerant of other religious traditions like stoning and headsheets . 
  the irs , jesus , how many irish gangs are there . 
  in the words of a former airforce pilot - `` gigity !, 
  even if he is n't he should ' t be president . 
  do n't get me w , i agree with 90 % of what he says . 
  i just do n't belive he can deliver . 
  just look at his business track record . 
  trump has one marketable skil and that is to sell trump . 
  do n't worry . 
  romania is awesome . 
  inna makes me feel funny in my pants . 
  your newly minted prosecution just gives me a throbbing erection . 
  1,4 points advantage . 
  wikileaks , proudly sponsored by the kgb . 
  actually turkey and russia were on the buddy path ever since the sanctions began . 
  that plane thing was just a temporary distraction . 
  this guy whould be held accountable for escalating a clearly dangerous situation . 
  if he 'd kept his trap shut , maybe cops could have arrived on time and nehtralised the bugger . 
  i 'm sorry , but i read `` fabulous '' instead of `` favourable '' . 
  leave adocate , ismaic terrorists - smae shit : - claims to hold traditional family/religious values . 
  - wants to destroy the evil `` western '' establishment . 
  - encourages followers to murder people qho do not agree . 
  gaius julius cesar was a democratically elected leader . 
  so were uncle addie and the italian face . 
  they are all democratically elected , until they decide to reelect themselves . 
  yes , the nazis were really bad and commited a lot of attrocities . 
  but do keep in mind that they were supported by only about 30 percent of the population . 
  ( in fact the whole reason gas chambers were invented was because the army ccou n't handle the mass executions and was very likely to rebel ) the regular wermacht army spread on a number of vast theathres . 
  in some places they were welcomed as liberators from feudalism , which they actually were . 
  me too , but rhe i read the article ... 
  damn , germany is kind of like the lansiters ... 
  actually it 's the opposite . 
  our president and mofa are very pro nato . 
  it was the pm who went full putinoid and stopped the black sea defence navy . 
  oh , romania , we 're so jelly right now . 
  bsp and abv will have a single candidate and the nazies ( attack , vmro , nfsb ) will back whoever it is . 
  gerb will have their candidate . 
  depending on who kremlin chooses dps will back either gerb or the leftie candidate . 
  any legitimate right candidate is going to be stifled . 
  that is why mareshki has been put into play to suck votes from any actual democratic president . 
  putin ( satan ) can not allow a repeat of plevenliev . 
  the courts are contolled by the former stazi and their political party dps . 
  that is why dpsy , who are ethinc as fuck are trying to stop the registration of dost by all means necessart .
