  well , they did kidn of nail this one guy to the cross . 
  that was kind of an minor insult to the religion . 
  it is known . 
  `` i 'm going to take you to the bank , senator ... to the blood bank . '', 
  oh , why could n't he age like rambo or schwarzenegger . 
  of the people whochose to answer the question about religion ( including atheism ) 76 % named orthodox . 
  they are 59.4 % of the the country 's total population . 
  til bulgaria is protestant , event though 76 % consider themselves orthodox . 
  hey , they must be recognising the part where bogomils and pavlicans started protestantism . 
  seriously , phasing !, 
  well , they have no qualms about shaking hands with and supporting volen , who is openly nazi . 
  sadly , without a functioning government in syria or lybia , there is absolutely no way to prove where a person comes from . 
  even if there were , there will always be some middle-of-nowhere province that sells papers . 
  at this point it 's a bit like - i like you/you i do n't like . 
  and in a country like bulgaria this translates to how much you can pay . 
  which by the way , cruel as it is , is an empirical sifting trough for higher skilled/educated people . 
  at this point i 'n considering kidnapping some romanian prosecutors . 
  300k for a squad of former military , 50k for a language teacher , 1mil for a former black ops cia brainwasher , to convince them they are bulgarian . 
  it 's not going to be the cheapest of solutions , but definately worth looking into . 
  tell that to immigrants ... 
  well , they have university degrees ... mostly . 
  so i guess that counts for something . 
  reading , you should try it some time . 
  maybe then you wo n't sound so ignorant . 
  as far as stalin - he was ambitious , ruthless , did n't let personal attachments hold him back , a self made man who removed the competition to the top . 
  in other words he was damn good capitalist entrepreneur . 
  no , i 'm talking about todor jivkov and geori dimitrov . 
  maybe in some countries they are . 
  in mine the blowing up of sv . 
  nedelya church was simply the frosting on the cake . 
  they operated guerilla units that attacked officials , storehouses , rich people and etc. 
  they killed a lot of people before and after ww2 . 
  it migjt actualy be understandable if they were ffighting because of what they believed , but the truth is they were organised , financed and supported by a foreighn country , which makes it an act of war . 
  yes , the top leaders who spoke a few languages and traveled europe and met with the originators of the movement knew the whole truth . 
  from there on you have dissemination of imformation , loss in both translation and downwards transition . 
  also keep in mind the main recruiting ground for all parties , including communism was high-school . 
  so , yes , a lot of the people who called themselves communist did n't really qualify to be one , they were simply looking for an outlet against the government . 
  a perfect practical example of this is the fact that most communists remained religious and the entire topic was simply glossed over . 
  also , many staunch intelligent high-ranking communists ended up transfered to the middle of nowhere or even sent to concentration camps , because their views did n't fall in line with the policy ordered by moscow . 
  seriously , the guy who ran the country for 35 years never even finished high-school . 
  do you realy think that that 's the kind of person who can comprehend marx and engels . 
  he could barely say a sentence without aounding like a buffoon . 
  the us just hurled a hedgehod at an already about ot burst ballon . 
  like gadaffy implied many times , he may be an evil sob , but europe needes him to keep the people at bay . 
  it 's good to admit this , but let 's not forget that before ww2 rhere was the comunist international - a terrorist organisation that recruited in many countries and actively tried to sabotage and remove governments . 
  ww2 just allowed russia to drop the subterfuge and just roll in the red army . 
  objectively , the govts of the 30s , at least in bg , wererunning a rampant capitalism . 
  most of the people who supported communism were anti establishment and barely understod any of the social thwory behind it . 
  it 's safe to assume that the words collective ownership were never mentioned in any of the secret commie meetings . 
  the only sustainable solution is european military intervention in those failed african states . 
  anything less will simply temporarily fix the symptom , not the problem . 
  look at it like this - the life lottery screwed you over . 
  your country has very few resources and they are controlled by bad foreigners with big guns . 
  you can either fight a supperior force or try your luck with an easier target . 
  ages aho there was a word of this - invasion - when people from another place want what you have . 
  this 21 c. policy of humanitarianism changes the game in a very strange way . 
  no one wants to fight for a failed country when they can simply take an ardorous journey and arrive in paradice . 
  [ my childhood / upsurt - `` wait a little '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bk68ahatq-i ) [ half of this is in spanish , so i guess it does n't really count / upsurt - `` the second strainer '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yocl3dgaspc ) [ political commentary at its finest/upsurt - `` coleague '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxgkohcj5zw ) [ childhood 2/spens - `` i 've had it '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w99gd3f_za4 ) [ well , might as well post this / the star ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkgcjmyi8y4 ) [ ok song , but lady gaga ai n't got sh * t on this clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnsrdkkm5my ), 
  well , so was was osama . 
  look mate , i 'm not british , and he 's definitely not intelligent !, 
  username checks out !, 
  although how the zebras got to a computer is beyond me . 
  oh , so he 's speaking now . 
  well , i guess it took him about a year and half to stop laughing because his enemies started killing each other and solidified his throne . 
   but i think greece is right . 
  ahem . 
  excuse me !, 
  if we may , everything you 've pointed out is true , however we have a tiny objection about greece being right . 
  in fact , you know what , just never you mind . 
  we 'll just start a war with everyone . ', 
  the greek and serbian troops committed massive ethnic displacements during the balkan war , which turned it into the alied war . 
  in all fairness , macedonia could have turned out great , like a balkan us melting pot , but then came the communists and they had their own specific views about history . 
   dear eu , that 's why russia is so much better than you at spreading bullshit . 
  this . 
  to conquer fear , you must become fear . 
  to conquer trolls ... 
  i never claimed chorbadziite were nobility . 
  however they did have de favto priviliges like one - often they received more leneiency from the ottoman , could own weapons , could go onto trade or manifaturing and most importantly acted as mediaries for the bulgarians with the city councils or rulers . 
  ok , maybe abolish was n't the best choise of words . 
  more precisely decided not to establish in the first place . 
  they difinately could have . 
  also there is still an actual bulgarian royaltiy . 
  the sons of samuil fled to italy and married into the medichi i believe . 
  they family living now has all the paper to proove royalty and i think they even did genetic testing . 
  just call us when someone really needs a whoopin . 
  prefferably up close and personal bayonet one . 
  official number of judged is 10k . 
  10 907 to be exact . 
  of them 2730 were sentenced to death , 1921 - life at max security . 
  keep in mind that a lot of these sentences were given en masse . 
  also a lot were given post factum . 
  these were all very public figures , known and connected abroad and they could n't just disappear . 
  there is no official data on those who simply vanished and the do n't even talk about the armed resistances that formed early on . 
  estimates put the toll somewhere between 50 000 and 300 000 for the entire communist regime . 
  never stick your d into crazy . 
  it 's a wisdom many men have learned the hard wat . 
  i 'm calling it now , first country they 'll go to war with is that oil platform . 
  lol !, 
  this is a huge leap forward . 
  up until now the official history was - oh come on , she totally wanted it .
