  oh , yeah an we made our own alphabet . 
  really ? 
  [ not the one that 's an actual museum - serdika ] ( http://bulevard.bg/attachments/pictures-photos/0001/6901/original/novata-metrostantsiya-serdika-2.jpg?1421773717 ) [ or ndk ] ( http://vijsofia.eu/public/img/upload/projects/big/project1348584653.jpg ), 
  keep in mind that , unlike catholicism , where the pope used to be a king of kings ( ie he diecided whether h8 could divorce or not ) , every orthodox church retains autonomy , more or less equivalent to the sovereign state it represents . 
  that being said , in a true christian spirit , on the balkans we hate our neighbours and they hate us back in return . 
  yes , the pre-1989 church was in a bad state , but the new patriarch neophite i is a huge leap forward . 
  he 's a bit like the new cool pope , only a little younger . 
  ( i 'm not just talking here , i 've actually met him . 
  he was mitropolit ( metropolitan bishop ) in my home town . ), 
  also the church plays a very secular role in society . 
  last time i saw a religious person on tv it was some archimandrite or a bishop on `` more from the day '' , a high-brow socio-political talk show on the state television and he was discussing problems with receiving eu agricultural funding in the region . 
  as far as influence it is more or less to each his own . 
  e.g bulgarian orthodoxy celebrates chirch selebrates christmas on the 25th , not the 7th jan like most orthodox . 
  the russian church is taking a very hardline stance and that mostly is n't resonating in other `` eastern '' churches . 
  i see you , and i rase you : [ gta : bulgaria , 3 carts vs 3 crusers ( high ) speed chase ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzu5gmubgpi ), 
  that very well may be , but the ones that are really keen on announcing themselves . 
  let 's get something straight first world - usa and western capitalist countries . 
  second world - ussr and the socialist republics . 
  third world - banana republics and all other countries . 
  this division has clearly not been relevant in quite some time . 
  `` you 're a western country !, 
  and you 're a western country !, 
  and you 're all western countries ... exept fake korea ... and australia ( too many , creepy crawlies mate ) . '', 
  `` mostly apart of the orthodox '' b * tch , we are the orthodox . 
  first chirch ever to have its own head outside of the pope-patriarch dogma . 
  the only ones who have bigger claims on the religion are the greeks . 
  if it was n't for us and our alphabet , russians would still be some backwatter paigans . 
  yes some fools are very vocal about their allegiance . 
  it 's like defining americans by what texans say . 
  also , seing the news of late , i 'm starting to think that this here is the true land of the free . 
  we have mostly affordable healthcare , our cops do n't shoot gypcies on sight and there are n't many life entraping debt pitfalls and the police do n't concider citizens to be the enemey . 
  that being said , there are some not so western views . 
  that guy who lived on the border with austria is still kind of popular-ish . 
  also the general consensus on multiculturalism can be surmised in one lewd word . 
  edit : also the percentage of bulgarian orthodox followers has since the fist census in 1910 , been constantly 80 % and above . 
  well , they did n't execute and sentence ( in that particualr order ) people en mass and they have yet to ask us to send a tank batallion and and infantry regiment to pacify czechoslovakian protesters , so i 'd say it 's going great . 
  definately much better than the last military union we ~ ~ were force to join because a series of circumstances , including the kind dying , communist terrorists running massive operations in the country , including raids on state facilities , infiltrating the army ranks and ultimately not offering any resistance to the invading red army ~ ~ were overjoyed to participate in . 
  nigga , you need to spen money to make money , yo ', 
  i guess thats what you 'd call a * sunglasses ghost writer . 
  come on , everyone knows education is impotant , but biceps is importanter . 
  as it so happens , i am a good economist and you comment leads me to believe you are neither . 
  you are quoting econimic theories that have n't been relevant in their original form for decades . 
  also 3/4 of the restrictions you mention are non existent . 
  as far as intergration you are right , however at it 's current state the state is very ill equipped to integrate and bulgarise immigrants . 
  actualy it 's been the state policy to name everything faschist for a long time . 
  here there are a ton of memorials for commies who died fighting faschism in the country , even though the ideology was n't known , even among worldy people at the time . 
  at beso some nilitary officers defined themselves as nationalist ( not necessarily socialist ) . 
  well , they 're no longer secret , are they . 
  ever since putin came out ... 
  hopefully their `` new strategy '' is more than just talk . 
  also , if they 've made it this far it 's better to accept and track them legally , rather than have them enter the coutry as illegals or die on sone mouthain path . 
  paid internhips can be dangerous too . 
  here some companies have the practice of hiring an intern and when the internship is over they fire the intern citing poor perfornance and then rehire them for another internship . 
  these companies cheat the country out of a number of dues connected with hiring an emploee and get away with paying peole less for their labour . 
  on the other hand the interns stay quet because they need they need money and working experience . 
  no , we do n't want someone elese 's protection . 
  we actually had that and we dismantled it in excange for membership and promises that are yet to be kept . 
  part of the conditions for joining the alliance was dismantling the c-300 / 400 missle systems and scrapping the ss-23 ( can carry nuclear warheads ) missiles in exchange for a discount on supplying jet fighter from an allied country later on . 
  the implementation of that second part got very hazy with time . 
  anyway , do n't mind me . 
  ever since that radio free europe interview with the paid scribbler , it 's like i 've got thse sunglasses from `` they live '' for social media and i ' really on edge . 
  mass effect 2 - it 's a video game where you play as a space marine . 
  this quote is a side dialogue where a capitan scolds two recruts and forces them to recite the first law of physics . 
  the . 
  deadliest-son-of-a-bitch . 
  space . 
  btw where the fuck are our fighter jets ? 
  we scrapped the c-300 and 400 and we have to buy our own jets . 
  i 'm starting to feel used like a cheap prostitute . 
  `` i dare to assume you ignorant jackasses know that space is empty . 
  once you fire this hunk of metal , it keeps going till it hits something . 
  that can be a ship , or the planet behind that ship . 
  it might go off into deep space and hit somebody else in ten thousand years . 
  if you pull the trigger on this , you are ruining someone 's day , somewhere and sometime . 
  that is why you check your damn targets !, 
  that is why you wait for the computer to give you a damn firing solution !, 
  that is why , serviceman chung , we do not `` eyeball it ! '', 
  this is a weapon of mass destruction . 
  you are not a cowboy shooting from the hip ! '', 
  phahahha , i sense a disturbance in the force . 
  `` resident evil '' , `` white powder factory '' , `` bleach '' , `` fake river '' :d also south park and the frige are actual city block names . 
  what people fail to get is that putin is n't like kim john basketball un , a solitary king like dictator . 
  he 's the face of a powerful organisation . 
  they can always churn out another charismathic leader when the current one becomes too compromised . 
  just like in bg , when the dps leader ahmed dogan became too questionalble a figure and even the ethnics started questioning him , he was quickly replaced by lutvi mestan , why is like a carbon copy of dogan . 
  seriously , they look the same , they talke in the same distinc way , hell , even their names sound the same . 
  well , i guess his wife truly was a. . . ( ssunglasses ) gold-digger . 
  she got off easy . 
  just a week ago , security beat a guy for hours until he died , because the guy had schizophrenia . 
  fuck malls and the mall people . 
  kathy perry and margaritas !, 
  actually , you need to take into account that the predominant part of immigrants ( legal ones ) are highly skilled ( at least one degree from university ) , highly motivated and they already have the initial means to go to america . 
  this kind of research always comes with a high dose of relativism . 
  also , one should consider bai ganyo * 's stance - he happy , but he 's also smart and world-wise : if he parades around he 'll show people that he is well off and they will try to rob or steal from him ; if he admits he 's happy , people will envy him . 
  it 's because of ideas like these that people love to whine and complain . 
  there 's even a saying - `` i 'm good whenever vute is feeling bad . '', 
  * [ bai ganyo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bay_ganyo ) is a character in a series of short stories , written by aleko konstantinov . 
  the character is considered by many as one of the greatest ethnographic descriptions of a bulgarian . 
  [ you can find the miniseris on youtube . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg4asvmpwy4 ),
