  do it !, 
  for your country !, 
  for your people !, 
  for the future of the continent and planet earth !, 
  just do it !, 
  some people just want to watch the world burn . 
  kings , even ones who take active part into battle , are rarely killed . 
  venizelos may have issued the orders , but no one would want to be the one that left the king stranded and ingnored his `` request '' . 
  the least of all this would have turned relations with germany and austro-hungary into downright hostile . 
  venizelos would have probably jumped and done a cartwheel if constantine had gotten himself killed . 
  he was young and looking to proove himself , which is mostly the reason the greek army was in that situation in the first place . 
  as far as the battle - it was one of the bloodiest battles of in the war . 
  in 10 days the greek army lost about 10 000 soldiers , which was a little more than a battalion per dat . 
  while school texbooks of both sides claim to have won , the reality is both had major advantages and disadvantages and if it had played out it could have gone either way . 
  the turkish offence was n't subsequent , which makes it qute pertinent . 
  the offence started on the 29th june with troops landing at igneada and on the 30th with forces movin in on chataldja and bulair . 
  when you just got invaded and you have to disband your army it makes is qute relevant . 
  turkey willingly neglected the bucarest meeting so that they could continue their invasion . 
   the greeks could have very well been killed in kresna , nevertheless athens was never at risk . 
  athens may not have been at risk , but i 'd say holding kaiser wilhelm ii 's brother-in-law by the balls might have changed something . 
  `` you 're going to jail for corruption , and you 're going to jail for corruption , and you 're going to jail for corruption and you 're all going to jail '', 
  that battle is the main reason the bucarest treaty ( 28 july 1913 ) ended the allied war ( bulgaria v. serbia , greece , romania , cherna gora ) . 
  the turk army continued their invasion back into thrace and disreguarded the london treaty ( 17 may 1913 ) aka the midiya-enos line . 
  king ferdinand asked the great powers to enforce the london threaty which they helped broker and they did send a note to the high porte on the 12th of july . 
  russia threatened to invade armenia , but that was neutralised by germany and the uk . 
  after the allied war ended , most of the forces were disbanded , say for a small detachment in thrace . 
  a the begining of august nikola genadiev , the foreign minister , again asked the powers to intervene , citing the ongoing pogroms and deportation of ethnic bulgarians . 
  the great power 's responce was : `` meh , the turkish army will continue moving , find a diplomatic way to fix this . 
  this lead to bilateral talks ( 26 august-16 september ) in tazrigrad and the eventual sighning of the the treaty of the same name on the 16th . 
  the negotiating sides were gen. savov , gen. nachovich , gen. toshev and talat bei ( foregn minister ) , mahmud pasha ( navy minister ) , halil bei ( chairman of the state counsil ) . 
  two things - - the original pact with serbia was very poorly desighned with almost no precise definitions for how the land will be separated . 
  this was the reason why seven months after the the war began , on may 19th 1913 greece and serbia sighned a secret treaty claiming most of macedonia . 
  they hoped that bulgaria will be too preocupied on the eastern front and that they would n't be insane enough to invade the former allies , opening a war on three fronts . 
  - the only reason why the allied war ended , even though it was 4vs1 . 
  was because of the kresna operation . 
  the 4th and 2-nd armies and the rhodop detachments trapped the greek king constantine i against the struma river , forcing greece to cease the hostilities and sighning the bucharest treaty . 
  baby , we were like two ships , sailing in the night , drifting apart . 
  and now you 're seiing this annexing slav ... 
  yeah , this is heading into a theorethical common versus continental law and i 'm not touching that with a 10 foot pole . 
  besided the issue is one of practicality - uber mediates the provision of servises and economic interactions in large ammounts with minimal oversight . 
  just a basic example - it could be , with minimal effort , turned into silk road 2.0 . 
  the swamp is metaphorical . 
  also are you uk/us , because that 's exactly how common law views the world - if it has n't been defined yet it 's either 100 % legal , illegal , or we 'll need to make a prescedent . 
  the original expression is with swamp , but i put gray , for gray economic secrtor . 
  you see when you step with one foot in a swamp and it 's hard to expalin ... it means doing activity that is not illegal per say , but it 's not exactly legal either . 
  actually , as far as economics go , anywhere in the western world , uber is most certainly one foot in the gray . 
  this is exactly like a call of duty mission intro . 
  at least the ussr could produce their own propaganda . 
  now even the patriotic propaganda is imported . 
  [ he says it exactly right . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmr8fzqjud8 ), 
  now , let me see , sans google , here it goes - lithuania - riga latvia - viluns estionia - talin, 
  `` well , shit . '', 
  let me guess - the teacher is two days away from retirement and the principal is angry , because the ta is a loose cannon messing with the curriculum . 
  why the f * are toulouse school kids watching daesh videos ? 
  actually , the short to nothing on the side was quite popular in the 30s and 40s , especially among the military , as it alows for both style and functionality . 
  after ww2 it went away on account of a certain mr. a.h. rocking it in its various adaptations . 
  so , you 're not letting your priests marry ? 
  this is stupid . 
  it also makes it a bitch to translate '' \u043f\u043e\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0438\u044f '' . 
  it really depends on the country , either side . 
  japan - we have a long and productive relationship with japan . 
  hell , there was even a samurai fighting in the russo-turkish war - baron seigo yamadzava . 
  vietnam - during the socialist era we 've had about 2.5 k students , mostly in technical universities , also there were migrant workers brought in from vietnam . 
  china - um ... mao dze dun , dun syao pin , gomindana , `` let a hundred flowers bloom '' , half the stuff sold in ilienci . 
  singapur - the capital is sinagapur , i think . 
  north korea - those commraders used to be the butt of some jokes . 
  south korea - racist , star craft , immage obsessed , might apper rude . 
  in here the eu actually offered 2.6 mill , but govt only took 1.6 and patted itself on the back . 
  the logo was more or less a bad retouch of the current one . 
  also there are supposed to have been 10 other logos for each type of tourism and i do n't know where the f those are . 
  and there were some market analysis also included - a lot of good it did . 
  we did have to pay 10 % bac , but thar hardly fixes anthing . 
  same here , though a lot of people do n't get it . 
  it 's nothing personal against russian people , we 're just tired of the russian imperialist policy and internal meddling . 
  well , this happens when two countries are that close economically . 
  right now there are 0 russian tourists booked and the last hope for saving the season are romanians and last minute marketing . 
  the thing is the eu gave us 1.6 million for branding our country , we spent it on a logo so bad , we had to revert to the old one . 
  there are amateur videos in yt promoting the country that are on par with euronews coutry spot ones . 
  had those monies been used as intended the tourst sector would n't have been in this situation . 
  also a lot of our vegitables and fruts and foods exports are for the ru market . 
  they say it 's a magic place ... 
  10/12 , but it 's almost 2:00 am . 
  on an unrelated note , go watch powers , it 's fucking brilliant . 
  puls you ca n't really blame them for the blatant product placements , since it 's a playstation production . 
  so where does bruce willis and the katana fit in ? 
  '' \u043f\u0440\u0438\u043a\u043b\u0430\u0434 '' actually means butt ( of a rifle ) . 
  also , what the fuck . 
  is n't that standard practice already ? 
  here , for at least 10 years now , if you do n't issue a receipt you can quite forceably expect tax angents to burst in five minutes later . 
  kids , teens , ancient grannies - anyone could be a vat snitch . 
  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ... 
  [ \u0411\u0430\u0431\u0438\u043d\u0438-\u0412\u0438\u0434\u0438\u043d\u0438 \u043a\u0443\u043b\u0438 / baba vida towers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baba_vida ) [ \u0426\u0430\u0440\u0435\u0432\u0435\u0446 / tsarevets fortress ] ( http://www.bulgarianhistory.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/i_1301390788_carevetz.jpg ), 
  actually , these last few terms the mayors started renovating a lot of the city . 
  2013-14 the entire central area paving was dug up and layed anew , they put a fountain infront of the opera , many of the steets and green areas got lanscaped and etc. 
  also some of this was fast tracked because the city ran for european cultural capital . 
  you arialist . 
  well , i 'm sorry , but just ca n't help myself highjacking the topic . 
  [ i must post this somewhere !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uis6oqgpbue ),
