  um , 648 000 and 358 000 out of 7 200 000 ... do you even math , bro ? 
  do you ? 
  most of the ottoman turks were displaced in the 18 - 80-90s . 
  the ones left were generally cool people who had integrated more or less well . 
  and then , starting from the 70s and onward , the socialist dictatorship went ape shit jim crow , more commonly known as the revival process . 
  when the borders were opened a lot of people fled to turkey , and then most of them returned because it was n't as adverised . 
  heilige schei\u00dfe , reddit is like nsa central . 
  anyway , it would n't be ethical or legal to disclose any deatails . 
  let 's just say that , like all statistical operations , this data collection was prone to a minor percentage of error and that percentage might be a tad bit higher for certain parameters . 
  first , the national census ( actual interview , not statistical ) was in 2011 . 
  since then , and especially in 2013-14 we had a lot of people passing away . 
  second , the number of immigrants is very hard to estimate . 
  a lot of people live , work abroad . 
  seriously , the monies sent over as personal transfers are actually more that all the fdi in the country . 
  thirdly , it 's about quality , not quantity . 
  laser bears ? 
  what 's next ? 
  armoured dophins ? 
  americans may be soulless bastards , but at least they had the guts to admit an outrageous ammount of spying , extradordinary rendition and a completely void of result torture program . 
  remove the artefacts and you are turning history into hearsay and that quickly turns into conspiracy theories . 
  if there is anything i 've notced about putin 's rabit internet supporters , it 's that they have a severe aversion to facts and non emotion based evidence . 
  greece - they break dishes when dancing . 
  we whooped their asses in 1913 . 
  serbia - those guys that backstabbed us in 1885 . 
  litterally , the entire army was stationed at the border with the ottoman empire . 
  the army did n't have any senior officers and about the 40 junior ones were straight out of the accademy , also the their weapon outfits were old and inferior to the newer ones serbia received from austro-hungary . 
  they got within 22 km of the capital . 
  we whooped their asses so hard , austro-hungary had to save them . 
  romania - those guys that took dobruja . 
  we whooped their asses on other occasions , but they returned that one a few years later without any fighting . 
  um , thanks adolf , i guess . 
  macedonia - bulgaria : `` aww , that ethnically bulgarian region that styles itsself a country . 
  '' ; greece : `` aww , that greek region that styles itself a country . 
  '' ; serbia : `` sigh ... 
  it 's ours you guys . '', 
  turkey : no !, 
  german is higher than french with one percent . 
  phew , i have chosen wisely . 
  looks like someone 's been watching vikings . 
  yeah , good luck wining the golden paw with that pedigree ... 
  the first ever use of @ is in the bulgarian translation the chronicle of constantine manasses circa 1340-5 . 
  it 's found on folio 62 , vat . 
  `` what is it , the alabama of europe ? '', 
  i dare anyone using fancy words such as faschist and nazi , oft interchangeably , to give me a summary of what these policies actually are . 
  dear neighbors , borisov is the former bodyguard of our commie leader and a mobster , but we sort of tolerate him , because he 's actually made some minute progress and also , he was sort of a good leader . 
  in the last few month the commies/mafia that run the country were put under a very uncomfortable spotlight , hence the full crisis pr mode . 
  ergo - this genious brainfart . 
  never go full retard . 
  nominating bokova for un secretary is kind of like nominating goebbels for ambassador of peace and tolerance . 
  well , thanks for confirming there are trolls paid for by russia . 
  personal insults and/or `` you are too [ something ] to argue with '' - another one of the argument-less troll 's handbook classics . 
  since you have no actual point , i 'll just reiterate my own : there is not a single shread of evidence that this dikno guy has captured anyone ever !, 
  `` i was at an orgy , mother ! '', 
  i find your lack of reading comprehension amusing . 
  phone with any camera is not an issue of money . 
  like i said you can find one extremely cheap . 
  also this guy owns an atv and run an outdoor club . 
  that hardly qualifies him as extremely poor . 
  you simply have no logical argument to offer . 
  yugoslavia is a made up country comprising of very different states . 
  even if another name is used for macedonia , it should n't be fyorm . 
  it 's like sayinf former soviet republic lithuania ... 
  actually , it 's not that expensive and you can find them for rent . 
  i never said iphone . 
  in fact i specifically dedicated a paragraph to how any cheap cameraphone would do and why excuses such as he ca n't handle a phone are void . 
  hell , carriers are giving away smartphoes for as little as 10eur with a contract and you can easily purchase a second hand or even new camphone for about 25 eur . 
  but now that you mentioned the topic of money let 's look at his a novelty vehicle that comes with a hefty price tag ... 
  your comment is a typical troll misdorection . 
  you do n't actually have a couter point , so you imagine one up . 
  you know who should really be helping macedonia right now ? 
  - bulgaria !, 
  of cource our f-tard politicians have their heards firmly and securely lodged up they ass , as usual . 
  first off , i do n't support refugees and this open border policy and i wo n't deny it . 
  however , this guy is an effing embarassment . 
  also : 1 . 
  there is not a single shread of evidence to support what he says . 
  according to him - he came upon a group of about 25 men women and children and tried to detain them . 
  thw men fought back and he magically overpowered them and the called the police . 
  the police however scurried the refugees away and let them go . 
  there is no medical evidence ( i.e. 
  bruising or other sighns of scuffle to support his theory . 
  you can easily get a medical evidence at any emergency station . ) . 
  there in no police dispatch record of him ever calling the authorities , no officers to back of even counter what he says . 
  hell , it 's 2016 , a crappy 1mp photo would do . 
  an old granny actually managed to snap a photo of a `` hello-phone '' con artist some time ago and while inadmissible in court , it did help the cops apprehend the person . 
  there is simply no logical explanation why someone of sound mind , who most definitely posesses a photographic device , not to mention the go-pro equipment popular among atv enthusiasts , and , who has a reasonable expectation of foul play , would not take a photo or video to provide as proof . 
  like any shread of evidence . 
  at this pount i 'm willing to take even eye-witness accounts from his club members . 
  despite n1 , some yellow papers ran the story , which is n't all that surprising . 
  what is curious , however , is why the major media outlets , why are totally not on the take , are giving this guy so much air time ... oh , and btw 30 % of his interviews are about migrants anf the rest is badmouthing the government . 
  does she actually have a real lawer and not a state pawn ? 
  you know who else thought disabled people should n't burden society with their existence . 
  i do n't support this , but it is an understandable precaution . 
  there 's a high probability that the doctors will pass on a message or even instructions . 
  no , but is human trafficking . 
  die welt has a translation of the pamphlet in question . 
  i do n't knof it the named politician ia actually invited , but the thing reads like a call to arms . 
  at high velocity and with extreme prejudice . 
  well , commrade putin will certainly come up with a wise decision on how to rename the wrong donetsk . 
  bulgarian here .
