  sadly , i 'm afraid that this is just andother corruption scheme . 
  like that 1,5 millin euro tourist logo where the final product looked like something made by a teen who just opened illustator for the first time . 
  ( the eu actually fine us 10 % of the project , which i do n't agree with . 
  it should have been 110 % from the pocked of thiefs that actually handled the project . ), 
  see - it 's easy - the govt writes some norm for a new system with insanely specific demands , ones that only a certain software company puts in theit tender . 
  the company that wins the tender gets a shitton of money for a task that can be done with only a fraction of that . 
  a real life example of that happen last year , when the forestry ministry ordered offroad suv-s with a bid so specific ( more than 42 requirements including lenght between axis , specific paint and etc. 
  most inportantly - an unexplicably large 95 litre tank that excludes 99 % of cars . 
  ) , only an american version of a toyota fit that decription . 
  the import is done by only one company and each unit costs 100k eupo a pop . 
  they should really look at how venezuela is doing - it 's be like time travelling into the future . 
  i 'm guessing they did na-zee that comming . 
  yeah , yeah , i 'm going !, 
  ok , let 's make sure d\u00f6nitz does n't eff up the eu in the brief time he 'll be commissioner . 
  while the sacrificial entoombing ( vgrajdane ) of a female in a bulding a common recurring theme in folklore in bulgaria , as well as other european countries , this discovery is of a particular interest . 
  it 's one of the few evidence discovered , that proove the practice actually existed and the fact that it seems to have been a noble woman makes it that muvh more interesting . 
  i do n't have a problem with surrogacy . 
  the realnissue is pregnancy at 60 is complicated , not to mention that by the time the kid graduates she 'll be 78 . 
  the empire strikes back . 
  well , it 's good to be among family . 
  whatever the reason , two dictators becomming boosom buddies again is not good . 
  remember the last time that happened . 
  polland sure does . 
  two words - fuck no !, 
  i heard that some time ago erdo sent a letter to the pilot 's family , but nothing recent , yet the russians are pretending like he gave a grovelling appology , beggin putin to bring back trade . 
  i doubt that has happened , because turkey 's main problem is the rising terrorism and not the lack of russian tourist . 
  seems like putin tried to unshit himself because bussiness is pressuring him and erdo is n't toi quick to deny it , because if the benefits . 
  did edogan actually appologise ? 
  all the sources that claim that are russian . 
  the protesters were bulgarian and there were a few ukranian and other nationals among them . 
  the media is just managing the shitstorm that should be happening . 
  what if i want to purchase bulgarian chocolate ? 
  with transportation and distribution it stands to reason it should be even cheaper in here , not 2x + times more expensive . 
  http://www.bulgaria.utre.bg/images/blogs/2015/01/1618//865c0c0b4ab0e063e5caa3387c1a8741f60bb6bb4c96d4df93c51bd69dcc15a0.jpg this picture of a svoge chocolate bar , takrn in denmark , became quite popular some time ago . 
  the price is 30 eurocents = 60 stotinki . 
  in bulgaria the price of the same bar goes around 1-1 .35 lev = 0.5-0 .675 eurocents . 
  the bulgarian one saying is word for word similar to the polish , excep lamb ( agneto ) instead of sheep . 
  given that the poor people live off of the social benefits provided that the working people generate and then get a say in the way wroking people have to live , it really beghs the queation of wheter there should be an education barrier for voting . 
  no , sarcasm . 
  you are thinking about in terms of how a similar a language sounds and it does n't work like that . 
  the way people speak evolves . 
  it 's a bit like genetics . 
  you ca n't have a fed wolf and a lamb untouched . 
  stupid brits votin they out , tell me what you gon na do ? 
  act a fool !, 
  72 % is a bloody good turnout . 
  anything above 80 % is indicative of totalitarianism , not democracy . 
  we did n't start the fire !, 
  yeah , well , a lot people here are mad about it too . 
  some of us have been saying that the `` pro-west '' gerb are just commies in sheeps ' clothing . 
  thw good thing is people are beginning to see . 
  there are elections in the autumn and after that plane thing caused a big rift between the stazi and ethnics is ' t going to be an interesting election . 
  mateo `` i helped spark the migrant crysis '' renzi can go forth and fornicate himself . 
  bulgarian is n't a slavic language , it belongs to the balkan sprachbund . 
  most specialists weasel out of explaining all the significant differences , most notably being the only analytic `` slavic '' language , by calling it a `` special case '' or something to that effect . 
  most of these are veteran comemorative medals - five years from the great war , ten , twenty , etc. . . only a few are heroic medals . 
  honestly , this commies practice of going full christmass three is a quite tacky . 
  oh , just polish the jolly ` ol guilotine and pop a few heads . 
  that 'll teach them rascals to behave . 
  shit . 
  i ` ma get my flamethrower . 
  pack the guns . 
  libstards are the si called `` useful idiots '' used for subversion . 
  just watch yuri bezmenov 's lecture . 
  russia is tryind to destroy the eu . !!, 
  if you want cake , prepare to bake !, 
  it 's not cancelled , but some report that 200 out of 200 readmission requests were cancelled . 
  slso , we have a separate readmission treaty with turkey . 
  our meadia is super pederasts . 
  do no take them at face value . 
  that 's like saying : `` well , a bunch of you got pursecuted and gassed to death . 
  tough luck jews . 
  grow a pair and get over it ! '', 
  bulgaria literally coined the terms `` rusophobe '' and `` rusophiles '' . 
  russian backed russophiles commited one of the deadliest terrorist acts in europe - the st. nedelya attentate in 1925 . 
  in the bombing 134 people died , more than 500 were injured . 
  even islamist extremist dare bomb a church . 
  a lot of people imagine africa as naked black people running around in the desert , but that is far from the truth . 
  a lot of countries already have a developing economic and stable government . 
  [ uganda ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2016-uganda-mercenaries/ ) for example is one of the world 's leading mercenary hubs . 
  yes , there are some very bad places , probably the worst on the planet , but it 's a big continent and one should n't just assume that `` kids in affrica '' image the media uses . 
  this might sound incredibly racist , but gypcies in bulgaria sell their children . 
  it 's not a presumption it 's a documented fact . 
  when gypcy girls turn 16 they are sold at an auction in spring and they they go to have an average of 5.8 children . 
  ( actually some liberal ngo-s were shocked by the practice , got the eu involved and the mayor of the region where the auction is held to ban the event . 
  what happened was massive complaints from both gypcy women and men and talks of cultural tradition and threats of massive riots . 
  the ngo-s pretty much had to settle for `` increased police presence at the event . '' ), 
  back to the topic of selling children , the usual byers were childrenless couples or beggar mobsters ( like that case with the blue eyed kid in greece ) . 
  the thing is the last few years , the market demo has completely shifted to refugees . 
  they throw wads of cash for gypcy kids to pose as their own and once they get their asylum , the kid gets tossed on the street . 
  without any documents or identification it 's pretty much impossible to match them back . 
  some moths ago there was even a case of a buch of kids being sent back to bulgaria by the german cps . 
  the whole thing only got a brief note in newspapers . 
  a journalist 's research showed they they are even stepping up the game and doing reduce-reuse-recycle - there are agents on sight to receive the kid and either sell them for beggars or bring them back and have them do it again . 
  these are some blofeld levels of villainy . 
  well , if they want to be british , they have to learn how to cue . 
  hey , i don ' mind having some logical qualifier like western macedonia , but insisting on fyrm is retared . 
  yugoslavia was a make believe state like the soviet union . 
  you don 's say former soviet republic of poland , you just say poland . 
  but , withou gravity , how are plates going to fall down and break .
