  ... and that 's just from reading the title . 
  it does n't get better in the text either . 
  seriously - `` botched referndum '' ? 
  how exactly in the referendum botched ? 
  it happened . 
  51,93 % ( 2,709 mil . 
  people ) of the voting age population decided to cast their vote - 69.5 % voted yes , 25.99 % voted no . 
  the people have spoken !, 
  the only ones complaing about it are the russian trolls . 
  the judicial reform is happening and it 's a very complex and intense period and hopefully the eu will help , like they did with romania , but thing are far from `` botched '' . 
  sadly no and this is the real tragedy of the modern day peace times . 
  whole generations will have their lives wasted in povery ( working poor ) . 
  stupidbas americans may be , the russian flag is probably one of the most popular ones along with china and japan . 
  even if they do n't know it , only a handful of flaga have dark colours on the top so it 's pretty much blatant which side is up . 
  also , do you really think that at such a major meeting that the whole world is watching and may end up being in some history books they let the dumb interns hang the flags without supervision . 
  this was more of a message : `` see , we can play the disrespecting game too . '' . 
  also this is quite the statement , as a turned down flag symbolises defeat and is a pretty big insult . 
  there was this sketch quite a while ago , it basically involved the minister of culture and education proposing to have a cqndle holder in every classroom . 
  why ? 
  so that when schoolkids enter they may light a candle for bulgarian education . 
  ( meaning it ia departed . ), 
  alas most satire tends to be quite crude . 
  the actual roman region was called scythia minor and like modern day dobruja , spans into both bulgarian and romanian territory . 
  the two possible locations are either near nikocel village or near galats . 
  alas the exact location of the ongula fortification , where constantine iv 's troops were defeated , which led to the subsequent sighning of the 681 constantinopole treaty , recognising the bulgarian borders , has been lost to time . 
  most historians place it in dobruja - the north-eastern part of the country . 
  think of it this way - you 're a roman , the mightiest civilization known and you send about 50 000 to 80 000 soldiers and your emperor along with nobles . 
  of them only about 50 to a 100 men come back . 
  you 'd be pretty horrified . 
  ( some later accounts cite between 100-500 people returning , but they never go beyond a thousand . ), 
  actually historians account that nikephorus was too eager and quite vicious , despite protests from his soldiers . 
  krum is n't scary in terms of `` he did evil things '' but in terms of making the eastern empire shake in their boots with fear and scare little children with the bad bulgar . 
  many bulgrian kings have defeated the imperioum in combat , both the eastern and western one , but non have made quite that impression . 
  samuil kicked ass for the better part of four decades and resisted at least five major conflicts and invasions by the roman empire , kievian russia , the war with kingdom of serbia and kingdom of hungary . 
  he even put his own brother aron and almost hisentire household to the sword for colaborating with constantonopole . 
  because his son begged him , samuil disreguarded the old laws and spared the life of his nephew , aron 's son . 
  not ao ironically , the kid he spared was instrumental in the roman victory and the death of samuil 's son . 
  at the time of his passing , samuil was already at a venerable age somewhere in his 60 - quite an achievement for 1014 . 
  krum lawgiver , also known as krum `` the scary '' in 811 nikephoros i genikos gathered a large army of about 80 000 and led a campaign north against the bulgarian empire . 
  seeing the intruding roman army was stronger krum sent envoys offering gifts and riches in exchange for a peace treaty . 
  nikephoros denied the offer pressed on , savagely ransacking the country and sparing no young or old . 
  again krum sent an offer saying : `` and so , you have won . 
  take what you please and go home in peace . '' . 
  the emperor would not listen and went on to besiege the capital pliska . 
  krum and his remaining forces were pressed to retreat from the capital and some 10 thousand men remained to hold off the roman advance . 
  the kesar put everyone in pliska to the sword , ransacked and raised the capital to the ground . 
  he then headed back home victorious . 
  krum rallied everyone who could hold a weapon and on the nigh of 25-26 july 811 trapped the roman forces in the mountain pass leading back . 
  krum then murdered the shit out of the roman forces and drank wine from nikephoros 's skull . 
  only two roman emperors have ever suffered such a fate . 
  you do realise this is an oxymoron . 
  you either know someone personally or they are a stranger . 
  it is a two-part movie based on a book of the same name . 
  um , he 's still super gay . 
  he just altered his persona from a drag queen to a male looking human . 
  there was a gentleman 's agreement that nato would not start accepting members right away in the early 90s . 
  it was not indefinite and given how many actual agreements from the 90s russia has pissed on , countries are well justified in applying for membership . 
  as a person who does n't deny listening to tubo-pop-folk , i 'm kind of sceptical about the acuracy of this . 
  2013-2014 sure , he relased some of the top singles . 
  as far as such music goes , i 'd say tzvetelina yaneva and galena have 2015 's hottest singles . 
  meanwhile we had about 7-10 huge scandals and debates in politics and society and almost all were centered on a person . 
  you 'd think that petar moskov or hristo ivanov or even putin would be the most googled people . 
  i 'd say someone at time got lazy and just copy pasted the data from previous year . 
  nasa is like the footbal jock , roscosmos is the cheerleader giving rides to all the team and esa is the quiet awesome nerd they 'll all be working for in ten years . 
  their punishment - to suffet the prosecutor and judges ' winks and bad puns . 
  let this once great actor be a cautionary tale - you are never too great to fall down . 
  ( i am tempted to aay roll down , but that might be a bit too much . ), 
  you could say that the soldiers needed to ... lube their guns . 
  i guess they ... * sunglasses did it for belgum . 
  i believe a lot of people do n't really get what this is all about . 
  visa and mastercard are separate companies that provide worldwide electronic services to banks . 
  they have declared , that a number of banks from crimea will not be accepted into the visa/mastercard program , because of finncing terrorist regimes . 
  if russia creates a similar network it wil probably be accepted only in russia and parts of asia and the tranfer fees from it to the visa/mastercard will be quite substantial , if at all possible . 
  i wonder if the people determining the criteria to grant that scholarship will have the corurage to remove him . 
  putin costantly glorifies that exact same regime . 
  ( hell , he was even a part of it in east germany ), 
  there will always be bad people . 
  they simply do not have the power , because of how the system works . 
  gegen die wand is a must see for everyone screaming how good putin is . 
  i would n't put too much faith in these `` opinion '' polls . 
  they have shown time and again to be beyond biased . 
  not even a cute puppy can make people forget they used the tragedy to promote a `` your evil government '' conspiracy video . 
  excep trade agreements do not establish that the union 's laws supersede sovereign law simply because such union laws do not exist . 
  a trade agreement is just that - an agreement . 
  if one side desides to break it at best the other can take it up with international institutions such as creditors or ask for arbitration . 
  you are trying to equate sighning a trade agreement to 18c colonialism . 
  au contraire . 
  the entire paper seem to shine from thereabout . 
  except ukrane is n't in any union with russia . 
  it 's a sovereign country . 
  looks like the sun ... * sunglasses ... 
  did n't shine on that sun journalist . 
  the article subtly suggests that russians killing kaczynski is a cooky conspiracy theory . 
  while many conspiracy theories are really out of sync with reality , let 's not forget that some have turned out to be quite accurate . 
  remember some time ago , when folks said the government is spying on everyone , people were like - naah . 
  and then eddy blew the lid on all of that . 
  not at all . 
  that 's just how bulgarian naturally sounds . 
  i can see how that story might seem logical to western media - evil anti-refugee people robbing the poor migrants blind , but the reality is a bit different . 
  first off bp happen to `` stumble upon '' such a shitload of money should they `` accidentally '' miss a truck full of coke or heroine that they would need to shake down a few hundred thousand migrants to make that kind of cash .
