  holly sh * t you guys are evil . 
  yet another proof that bulgaria is the greatest country to live in . 
  the gdp is just a disguise . 
  because uk people just want to be gay about it . 
  - nikola , what does the energy meter say about the protest ? 
  - this can not be !, 
  it 's over nine thousaaaaand !, 
  just wait and see . 
  in 30 years the genetically modified superior humand will be segregating against natural borns and you 'll have to get leg extentions and wear contact lenses and pull your hair out ... edit . 
  that was a gattaca refference , ok . 
  `` hey you . 
  yeah , you !, 
  do you want to be a ripped big-bro ? 
  ^ naturally i do . ^ you 're wandering what you need ? 
  proteins ? 
  get a hold of yourself !, 
  protein is fot your grandmother . 
  animals pump nacepin . 
  nacepen - ripped/lit . 
  chopped / , in - ending for medicine ) are you a granny , or an animal ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  with nacepin , you 'll become a man . 
  a real man . 
  you 'll have mustache grow ... on your forhear ... you wo n't be able to shave them cause they 'll be ... made from steel . 
  with nacepin you 'll get pumped , get ripped , get aired , get kneaded . 
  you 'll become like the hulk ... hogan . 
  from your ass will come bricks size 4 , concrete , gravel , asphalt ... with seashels . 
  you can lift anything : barbells , cars , the neighbout , the airplane , npp kozlodui , the gdp , thor 's hammer and even yourself . 
  become a burgazliya without comming from burgas . 
  become a tough dog , without being a dog , unless you are a dog , then become a ripped tough dog . 
  who needs to eat meat , milikas , mousaka , mastika and lard when they have nacepin , bro . 
  even major mihov says `` mashala '' ( nb mashaala in turkish means well done . 
  masha in bulgarian is the name of the female hair-pressing device . ), 
  you get up and start whamming . 
  nacepin in the morning , nacepin in the afternoon , nacepin in the evening . 
  nacepin in the morning , nacepin in the afternoon , nacepin in the evening . 
  nacepin in the morning , nacepin in the afternoon , nacepin in the evening . 
  nacepin all the time . 
  nacepin makes you stronger , faster , more beautiful , moore diplomatic , more explosive . 
  nacepin has everything your body needs to function properly : vitamins , minerals , tetra-dehibryd-crossed aminooxydisers , horse , aloe vera essence , concrete and blue stone . 
  ( nb , blue stone - sland for copper sulfate ) you will gain mass , muscule mass . 
  your back will become like a wardrobe , three-winged wardrobe , four-winged wardrobe , furniture factory . 
  your back will become ikea . 
  it comes in all flavours : bahur ( a type of saussage ) with sour cabbage , bahur with eucaliptus , bahur with banannas , luteniza and bahur with bahur . 
  you want to be a mega zob ? 
  take nacepin . 
  you want to have all the pussy ? 
  take nacepin . 
  you want to have a golf 4 ( nb golf 2 is commonly associated with asshole gangster wan na be-s . 
  golf 4 was marked some time ago as a regular guy vehicle . ), 
  what the fack , man ? 
  what kind of normal person would drive a car like that . 
  btw i 'm selling a moskovich . 
  nacepin is the most bio-shit you can imagine . 
  nacepin is more bio , than the poo you stepped on , the other day in front of the boza store . 
  it have substances even mendeleev did n't know about and that 's why they do n't evist in his excell table . 
  when whalter white cooks , he tries to put nacepin in his recepie , but he fails . 
  because nacepin is not cooked , it 's kneaded . 
  take nacepin on a kilo-mega-giga-cult-quasi offering now , and you 'll receive more nacepin . 
  tons of nacepin . 
  take a giga tron more at the same prise so you can kneed more with your girld and friends . 
  but everyone knows you have no girl or friends , so you 'll be kneading alone . 
  become a a ripped big-bro . 
  you thing you 're worthy of nacepin ? 
  proove it ! '', 
  it 's a joke on all the protein and other suppliments for bodybuilders . 
  i might post a translation in a few hours , cause it truly is hilarious . 
  in my time , there 's so much of it , it 's not entertaining any more . 
  it dulls the immagination and weakens the sences . 
  finding something truly exciting an ordeal . 
  well , welcome to dystopia , i guess . 
  that is a totally legit scenario . 
  keneddy , tricky dick nixon , chany , that emminem song ... 
  you do n't watch a lot of adult movies , do you ? 
  for someone who browses reddit you , sir/madmam , are awfully uninformed about pornography . 
  just google chrisity mack . 
  well , for men - a hitlerjunge type of hairstyle and a don draper - ish suave kind of look . 
  also [ workout ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5h9v--jjng ) . 
  some girls are trying the `` i like anal '' hairstyle , but mostly it is n't becomming any popular . 
  edit . 
  `` i like anal '' hairstyle is one side cut to 0 lenght and the wrest of the head left shoulder lenght . 
  we made an alphabet . 
  eat a d * ck , romans . 
  hahahha , who 's laughing now , you latin baboons . 
  i 'd say heiniken is the most popular . 
  it 's softer than most of the popular brands ( kamenitza , zagorka , shumensko ) , and also gentler than the more mild ariana . 
  at least when i was one , all the teens were drinking it . 
  thanks , obama . 
  raising all the important questions , i see . 
  lol , this is some of the good stuff . 
  how did they even film it that , was the conference open to the public ? 
  also , title is misleading as f *, 
  well , caesar , hitler , napolen , stalin - they all had a self made title . 
  unlike her , though , they made the title themselves by killing the everloving sh * t of anyone who opposed them . 
  so , one majir protest where a few people die and suddenly it 's ok to invade a country and crank up the propaganda rhetoric to 11 . 
  yes , we could have innediate peace , but that will heavily destablise the unipn from within . 
  son , we live in a world that has walls , and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns . 
  who 's gon na do it ? 
  you ? 
  you , lt. weinburg ?
