  it simply is n't worth it . 
  second migrants do n't carry much and use a honor system . 
  they deposit money with a trusted person in turkey and another trusted person in their destination of arrival gives them back a similar amount . 
  actually a few months ago they busted 4.2 kg of gold jewelry in a hidden compartment . 
  what was unusual is that it was modern items and not some antiques . 
  some more photos from the visit - [ here ] ( https://plus.google.com/+boykoborissov7/posts/act6f48tnhy ) [ here ] ( https://plus.google.com/u/0/108901233735365384557 ) [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swubue2zqza ), 
  using a terrorust attack to promote your own agenda - that 's a new low , even for russia . 
  sooner or later there is going to be a scandal with someine using govt hacking tools for kitty porn or somehing like that ... 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but as someone who read the book i have to say - it 's boring . 
  unlike other autobiographies , this one was probably actually written by hitler , which explanis why it is 80 % snooze fest . 
  all the media are mission out the most important detal - two different bomb dogd sniffed out the van , which means there was a high possibility that it may have been used to transport explosives at some point . 
  pro tip for tourists in bulgaria - keep your baggage close or the police will blow it up with extreme prejudice . 
  god , this is like the third time this week . 
  i mean , i hate durty clothes as much as the next guy , but \u0421\u041e\u0411\u0422 , please stop blowing up people 's clothes . 
  really ? 
  what treaties are that ? 
  last i checked no ee country borders syria , afganistan or etiopia . 
  and more importantly - what refugees ? 
  almost all of the migrants want into germany and the `` quota system '' is an unenforceable joke . 
  no , a nunber of news outlets have reported it . 
  could be just rissian propaganda , but given all the insanity lately , i would n't put it beyond merkel . 
  the most concrete info i have is from our pm interview right before the meeting , when he said that it would be up to the commission to determin how much each country is going to pay . 
  germany , france , italy , sweeden - 100 % . 
  uk , denmark , belgum - maybe . 
  it 's like merkel purposefully wants to destroy the eu from within . 
  also , if rumors are to be true , eastern european countries are going to be footing the better part of the 3 billion bill.she got her solidarity on the greek debt crysis , it 's about time she shows some back . 
  they wo n't run out of money that easily , but they do try to play the game as if it 's 1980somethong . 
  they thought they 'd cash out on the paris atracks and everyone would forget about ukraine . 
  instead now a nato - russia coalition is beyond reason and the only way peace in syria is happening is if asad goes , * cough chemical weapons * cough . 
  more importantly , it is hight time germany , who got their support from the eu on greece and on the refugeee crysis finally show some fucking solidarity to other members and stop sucking russian gas cock . 
  if north stram 2 happens , not only will it undermine all the santions that have been hurting eastern members , it wil also be a strong case for leaving the eu and reviving cefta . 
  except japan , norway , korea , sweden are not having bombs bropped literally at their doorstep . 
  unlike turkey , jordan abd iraq . 
  b - this has nothing to do with europe, 
  at this point ukrane doe n't want donbass because it will destabalise the country from within , but it does want it for the coal , so it 's not that simple . 
  they wo n't admit it , but they desperately need the sactions gone and crimea/separatist legitimact . 
  that popeline was a joke from the start . 
  ever since south stream was halted russia just said hey , we 'll deal with turkey , you guys . 
  in reality they had a few handshakes and a few maps drawn and experts consulted and that was about it . 
  nah , turkey has a huge tourist popularity in europe and the west . 
  sure , the cutting off russain tourists will hit a through but turkey is not an exotic locale as tunisia or revolutionary as egypt , so it can adjust . 
  oh , the irony , considering that pretty muchall of the russian propaganda ends up with proof of evil jew/soros theory . 
  also , why do they think israel , uss stongest ally wo n't charge the skin off their back ... 
  come on , we all know shot movies are made for tax purposes . 
  have you ever seen a trailer , poster or any promo for that movie ? 
  some stars got a few mil for two-three days of footage , the crew gets another mil and the rest goes int effects . 
  the movie bombs epic and the studio profit goes down . 
  i do n't remember exactly which one , but i 'm fairly certain one of the classic movies was actually intended as a box office bomb like this one , only it went insanely popular and the studio was angry because it made a shit ton of money . 
  well it looks like someone really , really does n't have about five minutes to talk about jc . 
  stab in the back usually implies that you were actually friends in the first place . 
  they downed the rescue chopper too . 
  daumn , at least give the ruskies some vaseline . 
  they have n't been effed like that since stalin . 
  because this is not my war . 
  the moment they decide to threat my country or my people i 'm not wating for summons . 
  i 'm going to be at the draft cue in the van . 
  however i 'm not about to fight for people who let the terrorists in in the first place . 
  people who 've on many occasions screwed over my country in the past . 
  you made this mess , now deal with it . 
  enough is enough . 
  locate and retrieve your balls and stop whining about paris . 
  in nigeria boko haram killed about 2 thousand people with mg-s and rpg-s in just a few hours - zero fucks are given . 
  russian separatists shoot down a passanger airplane , killing 198 people , mostly dutch , malaysian and australian - zero fucks are given . 
  saudi arabia senteces a blogger to crucifixion and becomes chair of the un human rights comitee - zero fucks are given . 
  a hindred people get shot in paris - omg , this is the worst tragedy ever . 
  contribute your tongue on deez n\u00fctz . 
  you obviously do n't know how the eu buddget is calculated , do you ? 
  the better questions is why should n't they leave . 
  other countries have literally been paying them to be a part of the union trough the uk rebate and yet , as a recent reserch showed they are one of most influential countries on the eu policy , including advocating migrant policies , even though they themselves are hardly participating . 
  if they union can survive the greek crysis , it can survive uk leaving . 
  so , yeah , do n't let the door hit your ass on your out . 
  go play with the falkland penguins . 
  not ukrane , but comming from a fairly putinised country , i 'd say it 's like watching hitler rise to power in slow motion . 
  `` just do it . '', 
  - nike, 
  land of the free ` eh . 
  wtf ? 
  you have to check your race ? 
  is it an optional question ? 
  what kind of effed up nazi survey is that ? 
  in here the only time you put down your ethnicity is on the national census . 
  the question is optional and inquisitors are not allowed to question what you say . 
  you can say asian or irish and they have to put that in , but generally most people are honest and very few avoid the question . 
  um , assad just visited russia right after they started bombing . 
  it 's not like he is bound within his fortress . 
  yeah , well [ light eyes are not that predominant at all ] ( http://i39.tinypic.com/2ivkwhg.gif ) . 
  also , this makes romans , greeks , franks , thracians , goths and other tribes that made up what is known as western civilization ... um , colored folk i guess . 
  sadly , just look at the comments under the pics from the world cup - it was a shock to some people that there are blonde mexicans . 
  anyway color is only one characteristic , there is skull shape , nose shape and etc. 
  i honestly loled really hard when lea said a cop called her middle eastern . 
  considering some other stories too , i 'm starting to thing that to most us people white means only scandinavian looking . 
  edit : lea = sssniperwolf, 
  ugh , why ca n't they use xbone . 
  now everyone is going to whine about how evel the playstation is . 
  sorry , but this is n't an adequate measure . 
  this will only clog the \u0413\u041a\u041f\u041f ( border cross points ) . 
  what we really need is an actual fence . 
  macedonia , serbia , turkey and sofia airport . 
  tldr - right now border control is at random , meaning they only check passports and random vehicles are singled out for inspection . 
  100 % control means every single vehicle will be stopped and inspected before entering the country .
