  i have a greater responsibility than you could possibly fathom . 
  you weep for santiago , and you curse the marines . 
  you have that luxury . 
  you have the luxury of not knowing what i know . 
  that santiago 's death , while tragic , probably saved lives . 
  and my existence , while grotesque and incomprehensible to you , saves lives . 
  you do n't want the truth because deep down in places you do n't talk about at parties , you want me on that wall , you need me on that wall . 
  we use words like honor , code , loyalty . 
  we use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something . 
  you use them as a punchline . 
  i have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that i provide , and then questions the manner in which i provide it . 
  i would rather you just said thank you , and went on your way , otherwise , i suggest you pick up a weapon , and stand a post . 
  either way , i do n't give a damn what you think you are entitled to . 
  implausable ? 
  why ? 
  i for one am following queen rania and i have absolutely no connection to even the geographic region . 
  so , luthuanians like to thread all over europe . 
  nice symbolism , very ... subtle . 
  `` evil is evil ; lesser , greater , middling , it makes no difference . 
  the degree is arbitrary , definitions blurred . '', 
  it gets the job done , but a lot of places are missing and the piblic transportation is not integrated . 
  a far more useful alternative is bgmaps . 
  our brooms will desecrate their assholes . 
  the only thing we could do was cheer when it fell trough . 
  the gods intervened and we doged a bulled . 
  that ship has long past sailed . 
  at this point we 're starting to sound like some crazy ex . 
  i swear , the news these days are just like in the 30s . 
  how about the part where the uk made the iraqi freedom operation possible , the french let got of gadaffy , because he was a relic and rissia backed assad with fighter carriers , leaving the us backed `` rebbels '' stranded . 
  said rebels joined the disgruntled iraqui and started daesh . 
  lybia became just a name for a region , which explains how it came to be a migration hotspot . 
  for the last 25 years ukraine was heavily veering between russia and the eu . 
  keep in mind that russians have far mre contextual relationships . 
  they had given ukrane generous discounts and non-market based contracts with the expectaions unfaltering support . 
  after syria , the us decided to get back at russia , so they helped nudge ukrane towards the west . 
  they pobably expected putin to cave in and let ukrane go . 
  he does n't give two fucks about russians in donbass or crimea . 
  he 's simply protecting his economic intersts . 
  it totally should . 
  however tollerance today means all white people having to guilt trip about stuff that a select group from a few countries did . 
  it 's scientifically proven that racism is an inherent human trait , meanin that blacks , muslims and other disenfranchised minorities are just as racist , but it is ignored because they are n't the majority . 
  ha , i just remembered those `` england 's streets are n't paved with gold '' commercials for romanians and bulgarians back when the free movement restrictions were about to expire . 
  damn , homie , all you had to do was point out how many muslims you have on the island . 
  contrary to popular belief , the kama sutra is about making passionate love to another human . 
  the relationship to the government is more like 50 shades of lolita . 
  well , at least they are n't doing it like the targarians . 
  atack has unequivocally and blatantly shown that they are bought and paid for by russia . 
  bsp and abv are a more complicated matter . 
  bsp , while maintainging some autonomy , has always sided with russia . 
  the south stream they brokered was a big black african-american cock . 
  after the unscheduled elections last year the left sufferd a burning bitchslap of low votes , pushing them from a certain top 3 to competing with the chaff . 
  abv is a brazen spin off , atempting to make a moderate left , free from the dictatorship of stanishev . 
  they 've had some minor success and were harshly received by bsp and were , according to bsp to blame for the failure at the elections . 
  their fate as of now is unknown , though it is not very sunny . 
  i know , but generally , howard the duck is considered one of cinema 's most epic failures ever . 
  [ eastern plays 2009 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qjlnpx3puy ) - not to be confused with eastern promises 2007 also , a bit off topic , but citizen x ( 1995 the tv movie ) is an astonishingly accurate portrayal of pre-89 life . 
  [ undercover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz6flnr-bjk ) the wire is a great sample , sans le black people . 
  i do n't know why people hate that movie . 
  the duck is awesome and , sure the plot is goofy , but so are a lot of things from the 80s . 
  eastern europe was poor compared to the west only when the radical market change happened i just a few years . 
  keep in mind that univercity education in soviet times was quite high , as well as the education standarts in general . 
  saldly , this is an all to common occurance . 
  governments pressure restorations to make sights into tourist locations , disreguarding the fact that they might be destroying them in the process . 
  as a person no one is denying that he 's ok and pobably a tad bit awesome . 
  hey , like it or not , hitler was a war hero and kim is probably a sport . 
  that does n't change the fact that they are monsters . 
  so , just like those newly created republics in ukrane , right ? 
  lol hypocrisy - they really need to look that up . 
  and that is why almost 1.5 million bulgarians are living and working abroad . 
  stare long enough into the abyss and sooner or later it 's going start staring back at you . 
  honesly , it 's going to be better if they finally attack . 
  the entire world will see them for what they are . 
  right now they are goading the ukraine army into launching an offencive , so they could be the innocent defendant launching a counterattack . 
  reall ? 
  now ? 
  well at least the russians ca n't whine about increased us troops . 
  a major continuity issue with that is the fact that the euro/us-paid nazis that are supposed to be ruling ukrane barely recived any representation in the elections . 
  meanwhile the democratic elections for crimea , donbas and etc. 
  gain votes in the upper 80 - lower 90 % . 
  a number inherent only to dictatorships . 
  and then do what ? 
  those years of expericene all employers want are n't going to magically appear on your resume . 
  this barrage of words and articles and oppinions are covering up a very simple chain of events . 
  take away the fluff and you have the following - ukranians deopsed the russian handpuppet of a president . 
  russia invaded ukraine . 
  it 's that simple . 
  also let 's not forget that russia is financing any cash strapped right-wing nationalist party that will have them , while simultaniously fighting some made up concept of `` faschism '' . 
  yes , the riddle of steel . 
  your father taught you , no ? 
  so , an american , a russian , a bulgarian and a nigga are on a sea cruise when the boat crashes . 
  all four of them manage to get to a tiny island . 
  after a few hours , by some miracle a dingy that survived the crash comes near the island . 
  only one problem , the dingy can carry only three people . 
  the russian pulls out an ak and says `` now , i 'm going to ask each of you a question and only the two smartest people can come with me on the dingy . '', 
  he looks at the american and says `` who won ww2 ? '', 
  the america thinks for a while and then replies `` um , russia ? '', 
  `` correct . '', 
  the russian looks at the bulgarian and asks `` how many russians died in ww2 ? '', 
  `` 50 million '' - answers the bulgrian . 
  lastly the russian looks at the nigga and asks `` names and adress of the russians that died in ww2 ? '',
