  the answer is pretty obvious - macedonia . 
  actually , it 's incorect to call them a twin country , since we did n't become seperate ethnics until 1945 ... 
  '' ... south russian town of donetsk ... '' well , i guess posession is nine tenths if the law . 
  intersting , what origin stories do other neighboring countries have for this tradition ? 
  damn , he should really put some baking soda on that 'cause ... 
  burn !!, 
  in some places mild sexual harassment is used by pickpockets for interference . 
  you flip over being groped or pinched and smack the guy thinking he was a pervert , only to realise later that your valuables have been appropriated . 
  either way , reguardless of the reason , having someone 's hands on you is a valid reason to pepper spray that person . 
  i have this plan - kidnapp the romanian prosecution , take them to a blacksite and brainwash them to think they are bulgarian , let them loose on our politicians . 
  easy . 
  fear leads to anger ... 
  omg these youth group is actually worse than the other one and that is wute the achievement . 
  it started with turkey semi officially declaring it on two of the most controversial politicians - dogan and peevski . 
  basically dps is a somewhat unconstitutional party that claims to be for the turk minority , but is in fact a successor of the bulgarian stazi . 
  after the rift between russia and turkey the party disinetgrated and split . 
  protect my balls ... 
  when are people acknowledge that it does n't matter whether countries agree . 
  with shengen the refugees can simply go wherever they like and it is already obvious that they don not wish to stay in bulgaria/romania or any ee country for that matter . 
  we should just call thia the annual greek border shut down . 
  also , after four week a number of small businesses , especially cmt ones are on the verge of foreclosure . 
  ( cough ) high treason ... ( cough ), 
  read the fucking article !!!, 
  aka misleadig title the pm actually said : `` i would like to highlight that bulgaria 's ** position ** is to close all external borders of the european union - not inside the eu , but external borders . '', 
  guess terminating your emploment in russia applies in all connotations of the word . 
  measuring how many crimes against humanity our un candidates ' parents have committed . 
  what ha this world come to ... 
  i doubt even germany knows . 
  austria just said that it is full-ish and might have to close the border , which immediately means that macedonia closes the border and bulgaria must follow . 
  kg was never in the race at all . 
  she is a ec councilor , likely to remain one for at leas one more term - a position with real power to change and one that she has prooven to be capable of fulfilling . 
  un secretary is a joke and unlike the pope they do n't even have a fancy hat . 
  her name was put circulated by some political circles and people rounded around it , but was clear to anyone who knows at least a little that this was ' t going to happen . 
  bokova 's parents are murderer and quite proud of that fact . 
  they were also key figueres in the regime that ran concentration camps and exterminated `` officially '' about 30 000 people - in reality more like 120 000 . 
  bokova herself is bulgarian only in passport . 
  she is a close ally of puting and has spied for a rissian government . 
  hopefully the us and uk and france have some scence to do a background check and veto the candidacy . 
  actually political analysts suggest that , since a veto or loosing to another candidate is likely , this whole media attention bokova is getting is just grooming for the upcomming presidential ellections . 
  at this point it 's a game of hot potato - who is going to close the borders first . 
  all the rest will simply have no other choice but to follow suit . 
  like i said some people only concede to buying them a coffee or kifla and even then are uncomfortable . 
  other say `` give money for food '' and when you give them food they outright refuse it and demand solid fisk . 
  bulgaria [ parliamentary commission for european matters and control over european funds . 
  ] ( http://www.parliament.bg/bg/parliamentarycommittees/members/2347 ) 19 mps european = eu, 
  sadly , at this point 100 percent of people i know here have given up on giving money to beggars , even the super liberal ones that support the roma . 
  begging is simply a full time job for some people and there are a number of accounts of such beggars being dropped off or picked up at their working locations . 
  i 've seen people try and buy or give these `` urchins '' food and they sternly refuse anything but hard cash . 
  on the other hand we have a lot of homeless of very poor old people who rummage garbage bins all day and make some shitty 1-1 .5 euro a day . 
  a lot of them outright refuse handouts and some even have univercity degrees . 
  there are also old grannies selling flowers , singing or selling waffles . 
  we are not england . 
  we are not france . 
  let 's show these people how we dance . 
  seriously , franklin 's aunt anyone ? 
  we 'll see what he finds ... 
  every damn year , around this time , after they 've shipped all the fruits and the olives and other exports they close the border . 
  consequently a number of clothing factories have forcibly stopped production because they can not deliver materials . 
  i 'll be in my bunk !, 
  ... again god f * damn it romania , i should really stop thinking about your prosecutors . 
  yes , i too have eye-witness accounsts from the border . 
  also , when someone gets stopped trying to cross illegaly , they refuse to apply for asylum and demand that they be let trough . 
  sometimes when it is 50 + people and two-three guards they simply try to make a run for it . 
  whatbusually happens is they get turned back . 
  naturally when these organisations ask them what happened , they say they were beaten and robbed ( most of the have valuables ranging from jack to squat ) . 
  it 's obvious why they would lie like this if asked , but let 's also not forget that there are hundreds of chartity organisations that litrally tell them to like or even assault leos in order to stay . 
  end of the day , it 's all a `` he said , she said '' . 
  somwhow , whenever it 's in favoir of refugees - like the recent k\u00f6ln incidents , everyone is screaming `` benefit of the doubt '' , `` bias '' and etc. 
  whenever bulgaria is mentioned - nope , it 's all true . 
  amnest have their report ready as soon as they hear the name bulgaria . 
  no point in silly stuff like fact checking . 
  the info was released somewhere around oct-november last year . 
  around that time the national telly did a segment on the emplyed refugees . 
  some of the bg news sources in english might have a translation . 
  not sure how legit this news is , but from what i 've read , the court 's argument is quite further from the truth . 
  in fact there were quite a few companies that got excited about refugee labour and even offered some preferential treatment , bonuses and etc. 
  of the about 130 job placements opened only 8 people got employed , the rest just did n't want to work , only cash in the eu money . 
  also the risk of homelessness and no medical care is complete bs . 
  they receive rent free accommodations and have medical staff on sight , which is more than most remote villages can claim . 
  in fact in many an aspect , the refugees have received far better treatment than pensioners who 've worked their entire life and now have a 60 $ pension and a barely consumable food package ( that you need to pay half price ) and that is making a lot of people angry . 
  check your data - 39 , 67 % / 1,9 mil people cast a valid vote in the referendum . 
  dafaq is literally every other place in the wold bult upon . 
  hell , we consider cannibalism , paedophilia and necrophelia bad , which does not hold true for everyone . 
  timing ... timing ... timing ... also , are they are willing to empirically test that theory ... again . 
  su-24s do n't come cheap , you know . 
  ( yes that is a the wire refference ) . 
  sauce - i know people at the border . 
  international law is a funny thing . 
  they should have just declared that for spouse asylum the local law of marriage is to be applied . 
  otherwise it 's a clusterfuck - multiple wives , estranged wives and etc. 
  we 're such a unique snowflake . 
  so , basically tukey and jordan want to use the refugee crysis to get eu membership or equivalent rights . 
  `` your faith in the justice reform is your weakness . 
  come , take your civil posiotions and strike me down . 
  disband the high judicial council . '', 
  - dark tsatsarov . 
  shocking !, 
  absolutely shocking !, 
  looks like the oil prices have the trolls working overtime during the weekend ... 
  this article is so politcorect i just snitched on my own brother to the state security , sent him to the uranium mines and pleasured myself thinking about the big brother .
