  this has nothing to do with ww2 . 
  it 's about modern politics . 
  in fact ww2 is fastly nearing the 100 year mark and loke it or not soon it will be just history . 
  anything marketed as an opportunity you can not miss is codeword for , you 'll be taking it in the ass and there is no lube involved . 
  war - the middle east is engulfed right now . 
  death - just look at how many people died in 2013-14 . 
  now , i 'm not suggesting putin is the antichrist ... 
  but there is some evidence to that effect . 
  sigh ... no , it 's not the one on the left . 
  i gooogled it and googly face is not yhe pres. 
  until very , very recently , shooting an intruder in your home was treated the same way as shooting someone on the street . 
  sadly , our entire penal code has n't been reformed since the communists came to powers , only amended and it 's a tragedy . 
  we have murderers walking freely and non-violent criminals that have been checked in for ten and more years . 
  backstory : some years before , a separation law was passed , requiring all establishment that allow smoking to maintain a separate , air filtrated compartment for smokers . 
  restaurants and other venues had to invest a lot of money to set that up , since most people are smokers . 
  keep in mind that the owners are mostly middle and upper middle class . 
  in less than a few years a draconian no smoking law was passed , making their government forced investment a waste of money , with no actual roi . 
  that is why there was a huge social backlash against the no smoking law . 
  the socies , championing the middle class , removed the ban , however their government was very unstable and only lasted about a year . 
  now the new govt did some changes and the situation is mostly like the wild west . 
  first off , the novel is good and it is a very objective view of the time period . 
  despite the fact that the commies chose it as their flagship novel , it is not a commie drivel . 
  the main characters and themes are and always have been about an ambitious boy and girl , climbing to the top , rule one of the biggest industries in the country . 
  keep in mind that in the original version of the book , the sideline characters of most of the communists were there to portray the world . 
  the party forced a rewriting , which expanded on those characters and led to the book becoming too big for a single print , although it is one novel and some printers do sell it like one . 
  also , there are some very subtle nuances that got passed by the censors - for example the main commie characters are shipped together , but they never actually live each other , they 're just duty boning . 
  also the novel end on a very disturbing distopian note . 
  alas , it 's been quite popular for a long time , and so are coronary diseases . 
  we were one of the main exporters of cigaretts for the third reich . 
  one if our most popular novel is called tobacco . 
  oh , and we 're probably the only country that outlawed smoking in public places and then when the socialists came last year , they removed that law . 
  that 's a perfectly fine english for a politician . 
  he 's have to work very hard to catch up to barekov , the most english fluent mep . 
  this comment totally santa claused me . 
  putin : ha ha !, 
  fools !, 
  your logic has no power here . 
  be gone cyborg , eurogay , sorosoid , obama lizard-moneys !, 
  [ the survived , a movie about `` labour re-education camps '' in bulgaria . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k40pugl_4u0 ), 
  do n't know about your country , but in mine it is ... disconcerting . 
  a few months ago a number of reservists received summons . 
  a number of media hevily implied or even straight up said the people were being deployed , or were about to be , in ukrane to fight civilians . 
  the reality is summons like these happen every year and they were actually leas that the previous one . 
  a lot of people are spouting straight up historical bs and any educated comeback is being passed off as a revisionist eurogay . 
  yes , to some , ignoremuses talking might be a just an inconvinience , but that 's probably what people thought before communists staged a coup . 
  `` all it takes for evil to prevail ... '', 
  on the one hand , i 'm completely ok with whatever happens to those assholes . 
  sadly , so are they - they want to be provoked and atracked and then it 's like nazi west bla bla . 
  the best , and probably only solution is to let them in and then have a police cordon them trough the most rustic backroads available and straight to the border . 
  it ' a completely doable and legal , alas i doubt it will happen this way . 
  on the one hand you 're right . 
  on the other , i 'm allready flabbergasted by the number of intelligent people who simply refuse to think critically and believe everyrhing posted on the internet . 
  that 's the kind of minor mistake thay would make a balkanite go super sayan . 
  it 's an incredibly ill advised quote from a former pm , who , answering a question about people disagreeing with him said they ( the people ) need to change their chip . 
  now , the coe is obviously not in line with the program , hence - they need to change their chip . 
  as our king would say - `` they need to change their chip . '', 
  hm , let 's see - the expandables 1,2,3 ; stonehearst asylum ; enemies closer , war inc. ; etc. 
  well , at least , the ones we 'd want you know about . 
  jesus , look at these guys . 
  and all we ever wanted was a 26k km2 cookie to the south west . 
  seriously , we did n't even want thassos . 
  adolf made us occupy it . 
  it is . 
  however , it 's an outragr to let them have the faster speed . 
  those few hundred megabits per second make all second make all the difference in the wold . 
  back in the pre 89 day , the english language was tightly controlled and other western languages like french or german were rarely taught to school stidents at an academic level . 
  the english language schools were reserved only for the most connected of people . 
  for the plebs going to study in russia was praised like one of the highest achievements . 
  and now it turns out the spawns of many a prominent socialist graduated from american universities . 
  ivy league universities , not the deep south community ones . 
  naturally , when those people returned , they were expected `` repay '' the favour . 
  oh , and you might ask yourselves who had the inconvenience of financing this little adventure . 
  well , one or two people had us grants , the rest were paid for by the state . 
  seriously , fighting the burguasie created a regime mroe feudal than any king could have dreamed about . 
  good article , troll title . 
  honestly , i do n't cara that much about corruption-tackleing , but this ... 
  this makes me seeth with rage . 
  we need to install fiber , now . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure the uk would love to have some of the ` ol in-out with europe . 
  i 'm sorry , after i read the collocation time-waster my mind just went blank and i imagined dubstep blasting out of nowhere and varoufakis bursting into dance int the middle of the meeting . 
  i just read another article and , apparently it was quite a heated day in parlament . 
  first they tried to toss out the vote on a technicality , then dps caused a lot of fuss and walked out . 
  i believe this was the best outcome . 
  history should definately be remembered , but far too many people try to use it for politically infused agendas . 
  as far as the word `` genocide '' - correct or not , it is very controversial and it invokes a lot of passions . 
  on a more poetic note - [ peyo yavorov wrote this gedicht about the events . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/gfhzmvosnqo ), 
  for an american game , gta iv was surprisingly accurate about the balkans . 
  even the character bulgarin was nise mixture between bai ganyo and a 90s mobst , except for the name . 
  literally no one would be called that , at least in this century . 
  edit . 
  ok , i get it r * north is based in the uk . 
  it still does n't change my point though . 
  gta london 1969 for the ps . 
  it 's like someone watched achtung fertig , charlie and they thought it was a great idea for an exorcise . 
  but then again who am i to judge . 
  the last draft in my country were goung aroud waving ak-s and yelling bang-bang . 
  still no broomsticks , though ... 
  the balkans is such a wolderful place .
