  2015 - 4/4 women, 
  2014 - 3/4 women, 
  2013 - 4/4 women, 
  2012 - 2/4 women, 
  2011 - 2/4 women, 
  muh diversity indeed . 
  probably . 
  these cunts no-awarded tony weisskopf at 2015 hugos , ffs . 
  / r/shittyaskscience approves . 
  yeah , but that was before [ john scalzi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbogukc.jpg ) became [ president ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kscdpzu.jpg ) of sfwa . 
  luckily , he showed sfwa how to stand on the right side of history in $ current_year . 
  i to je ok . 
  demonstracija tipicne ljevicarske humanosti , 
  npr . 
   \u017divimo u demokraciji , ne u anarhiji . 
  ma da ? 
  zato sto to pise na index.hr-u ? 
  talk shit , get hit . 
  nista . 
  \u017divi zid 51 votes ( 50 % ) . 
  zato sto ja to hocu . 
  `` swedish '', 
  sjw narcissism and emoting is almost a thing of beauty . 
  notice how little he says about witcher 3 ... it 's all about him : his emotions , his reactions , everything about him . 
  how he assumes that kind of article that talks almost exclusively about nathan grayson is suitable for web site about games . 
  he does not write about games , he writes about nathan grayson . 
  and he probably can not even imagine that people do n't give a fuck about nathan grayson and do n't want to read about nathan grayson . 
   where would he play , though ? 
  wherever max tells him to play , obviously . 
  i mean , this guy can play both wings , cf , second striker ... it 's hard to find more versatile attacker . 
  he would be great addition to team . 
  this beautiful old building is abandoned , crumbling hotel built in the 80is . 
  if you want to be outraged graffiti on diocletian 's palace are probably worthier cause . 
  apparently damn thing is falling appart and most likely it 's not even worth/possible to repair it . 
  its excelent location is really only good thing about it . 
  when in doubt barca always fall back on their trusted and proven 4-3-3-3 formation, 
   if you want to compliment a woman you mention their dress or whatever . 
  that 's how you become her gay best friend . 
  shit , / r/crusaderkings / is leaking again . 
  yeah , judging by color probably little jaime and cersei , 
  no need for that . 
  1-0 ( from penalty/free kick ) home and 0-0 away . 
  yeah , that would be most satisfying . 
  looks like brm . 
   okay , i know destiny fans are going to be in this thread , so i am going to ask this here . 
  why are you supporting someone who , when presented with statistics and facts , he spits in the face of that and says `` that 's not enough '' . 
  maybe because his fans are 15 years old and his `` dank maymays '' persona appeals to them . 
  it 's absolutely pointless idea to debate anything with destiny , he 's professional shitposter . 
  it looks like tb is having problems with this free comment . 
  i 'm sure colby s will be happy to issue him a full refund . 
  so ... r/all last few months ? 
  that 's weird way to spell juventus . 
  windows xp masterrace / s, 
  this . 
  i mean , i understand gg has this knee jerk reaction where we have to like everything and everyone anita hates , but damn ... if you wank to cartoonish furry characters you are deranged fuck . 
  kink shaming , male sexuality shaming ... well , you know what ? 
  some things are shameful . 
  fuck this universe where idiots think it 's normal to do and publicly admit something like that . 
  more like `` stop being fucking degenerate '' . 
   but it seems that no matter what electric guitar i play , it never sounds the same !, 
  and by that i mean the following : it always sounds like something is not in tune even though every string is tuned properly . 
  things sound out of tune because they are . 
  long story short , but in equal tempered tuning some of the notes actually are slightly out of tune , major thirds for example . 
  it 's not really that noticable but when you add distortion you get disonant noise . 
  this is really low hanging fruit , like geting outraged over r/atheism posts . 
  who cares , unbelivers will burn in hell anyway . 
   serbia is technically the successor state to the former yugoslavia, 
  what uefa does is their thing , but serbia is not the successor state , it is one successor states and is not legal successor to most yugoslav seats in international organizations . 
  certainly united nations never agreed to that and did n't accept them into un until serbs themselves officialy canceled requests to be accepted as sole successor to yugoslavia . 
  why did they even have black trans model ? 
  what do they think , who 's buying their overpriced crap ? 
  max is montoya . 
  yeah , he is slightly better than sato . 
  probably montoya level . 
  neither . 
  mark iuliano sends his regards . 
  oh , it 's car in which dumbass won championship . 
  i mean , he deserved it , and schumacher was an asshole in jerez ... but , still . 
  i wish we lived in timeline where jacques has 0 titles . 
  car , of course , looks awesome . 
  simple , sharp , menacing lines from simpler times when aero shit was n't too absurdly ugly . 
  you lucky bastard . 
  only reasonable limit is number of grand prix weekends . 
  if if blows ups on friday you are out . 
  if it blows up on saturday after you qualify you start last . 
  perfect solution , like in good old times . 
  is that 1996 jordan with 1997 livery in background ? 
  2009 was step in right direction , fite me irl if you disagree . 
  no more absurd aero , slicks ; narrow and tall rear wing is only bad thing . 
  that 's indeed low cockpit , good observation . 
  it 's really weird mutant of a car . 
   why would you not want to add to the wins and titles tally further sake of maybe # 3-4 million . 
  surely you will reclaim that in endorsements and fees for things anyway, 
  not in damon 's case . 
  when he came in f1 he was already much older than other rookies ( 32-33 years ) , when he become wdc he was 36 . 
  and 1995 season was huge blow to his confidence . 
  he did n't want long term plans , he had small time window in which he decided to milk his champion title for all its worth . 
  i would say it was reasonable decision . 
  i do n't even think he 's dirty , i think he 's just a dumbass . 
  i mean , i like him because he was our ( forza ferrari ! ),
