yeah , it gave us epic sax guy . 
  the dankest of the memes . 
  he pretty much predicted the next steps just after he finished his poem still on tv . 
  no , ' i have no plan b ' means ' i believe in plan a and that it is the only solution i see fit ' as she said multiple times . 
  south africa has some white population though, 
  it would solve more problem than create . 
  i would n't say unprepared but definitely overwhelmed and managed the situation overall very very poorly . 
  and if we do n't someone else will, 
  yup . 
  been there too . 
  loved it, 
  munich beats them all, 
  doing the right thing for wrong reasons makes as much of a pos, 
  it 's mostly ethnic albanians and roma under those flags . 
  `` rebels '' those are terrorists , too . 
  meh , never really bothered me . 
  well , that 's what the dark net is usually there for . 
  funny how it did n't roll out yet here in germany, 
  so edgy, 
  they are already there . 
  russians bought up montenegro 's coast line and its hotels, 
  i like how we just quietly kept doing our job throughout the migrant crisis . 
  blows my mind how , of all the involved , we were the ones stepping up to such a task . 
  retards raise retards . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  douche it is then . 
  frauke petry, 
  oh , well that 's convenient . 
  but breaking up serbia by their ethnic regions was a no brainer or what ? 
  and i severely doubt that there would be any military involved since serbia has distanced itself from any kind of aggression and has been reaching out to its neighbors . 
  so let them unite what 's meant to be united . 
  anything else would be highly hypocritical . 
  wrong . 
  serbia is delighted, 
  it will be extremely ` maddening ' . 
  ministry of interior affairs confirmed at least 3 dead . 
  a tosser, 
  some men just want to watch the world burn, 
  well yeah , as one of the biggest trading nations we 'd only shoot ourselves in the foot . 
  [ darn it !, 
  what a bummer !, 
  alright . 
  thanks for that, 
  2nd generation serbian immigrant from germany here . 
  can someone explain to me exactly why some folks here call him a monster ? 
  i mean i get that vu\u010di\u0107 likes to be the frontman of his whole gig and sticks his face into every camera praising his achievements and all . 
  but he kinda backs it up though , does n't he ? 
  he 's actively pulling in investors into the country . 
  reviving some old companies . 
  he 's bringing economic growth . 
  battles the corruption in serbia . 
  the eu leaders sympathize with him , one of them being merkel . 
  so what 's all the bad stuff ? 
  edit : why am i being donwvoted for genuinely asking ? 
  wtf, 
  that only became fashionable due to the wc 2006 in germany . 
  that 's when people felt comfortable waving their flag while sharing something nice with their guests . 
  erdogan sued him and now parts of the poem have been censored/prohibited . 
  switzerland is doing a pretty swell job with those, 
  if you smell nazis everywhere around you , you might wan na look under your own springerstiefel . 
  greek yoghurt with honey  everything else, 
  you are confusing ethnicity and nationality, 
  he 's the son of an orthodox priest named milutin and his mother 's name is \u0110uka . 
  ca n't get any more serbian than that . 
  he 's an ethnic serb born in croatia . 
  does n't change that he was born a yugoslavian, 
  and monica seles, 
  and who was his father ? 
  well , she 's half montenegrin but i 'll let that count . 
  believe me, 
  the tesla part really triggered me . 
  well done !, 
  i like the guy who did germany 's , the swiss one and others better, 
  i 'm watching those news quite often . 
  pretty sure this never happened, 
  you 're part of what 's wrong in turkey like he said , go drown in shit, 
  and he 's incompetent . 
  one of those `` failing upwards '' occasions . 
  merkel 's english is decent . 
  it goes so far that she had a phase where she used english phrases in german speeches . 
  that 's what someone with a good grasp of english would do . 
  switzerland *, 
  heck , we even dedicated a whole city to the gays ( cologne ), 
  merkel and others threw him under the bus a long time ago during a scandal it 's a petty thing, 
  i 'm talking about crime and corruption, 
  that 's something very different and you know it lol . 
  albania ca n't get productive to save its live . 
  there was n't a war prior to this state . 
  it 's just the shitty culture . 
  that 's debatable . 
  albanians are n't saints . 
  not at all . 
  some might say they are a bunch of thugs . 
  well , same thing here . 
  you 're too obsessed with your hate on homosexuals that you swallow every shit you get served from your bigoted friends on those other subs . 
  holy shit . 
  look at this guy 's homophobic reddit history . 
  this guy is obsessed . 
  because in the end they are n't russian ? 
  because they 'd starve to death without them .
