the scenery has really improved i must say . 
  wow , that . . looks so much worse . 
  more like a small , polite , slightly fake smile . 
  you know , say what you will about merkel , but i do admire her greatly for how calm and collected she is . 
  she just rises above all petty shit , whether it 's this , or erdogan calling germans nazis . 
  not really the same thing , but your comment still made me laugh !, 
  not to mention spending , well pretty much the last 1000 years in a constant state of war with each other . 
  after wwii that stopped . 
  either it 's luck , or the biggest , most ambitious political project in human history had something to do with it . 
  on the flip side , i was too young back then but very pro eu , and my first vote was the euro . 
  i was so disappointed and angry that the vote was no . 
  im still very pro eu , but thank fuck we did n't join the euro . 
  * slaps * * you 'll get nothing and like it !!, 
  you are reading way too much into this . 
  you are now entering pure semantics . 
  may i remind you this is in italy . 
  what does `` union '' mean ? 
  it 's where `` unite '' comes from . 
  it 's called the european union , so by your logic we should already be a federal europe if `` unite '' has to be taken that literally . 
  what it means is that we should stick together and not split up , not that we should form a federal europe . 
  again , i do n't understand how you could choose to take that so literally . 
  you must get confused alot in normal life . 
  so you are , seriously , interpreting `` unite or perish '' as `` create a federal eu '' ? 
  you are taking it way , * way * too literally . 
  dude , you are making zero sense . 
  are you drunk ? 
   yeah , just see whether the eu is here to stay if le pen wins the elections . 
  do n't take anything for granted . 
  what ? 
  how do you get from that comment that he wants a federal europe ? 
  so you mean it 's either le pen or a federal eu ? 
  what an absolutely bizarre viewpoint . 
  * if * europe goes that direction , then it will be a very long time from now , at a point where there is actual support for it . 
  stop being so overdramatic . 
  what 's this more extreme version of eu that they are forced to accept then ? 
  is it catching on yet ? 
  going through the comments , it 's pretty clear by now that this is a shitty map done with poor research . 
  some of them does n't even make sense . 
  true , but tbh it 's still not really a soft drink . 
  it 's just flavored water . 
  this is just a shitshow of epic proportions . 
  haha , guess the honeymoon is over already . 
  the one thing i have noticed about french politics over the years , is that every president ends up absolutely reviled . 
  such high hopes for hollande , the people 's champion , and he did n't even seek reelection as the whole nation despised him . 
  sarkozy same thing , everyone hated his guts . 
  what gives ? 
   you also have european countries opting to buy american products over european made products ie when poland canceled a contract with airbus worth billions in favor of us helicopters . 
  sweden did the same , and to be fair it 's not that simple . 
  after like a fucking decade of waiting for deliveries of the super puma clusterfuck of an order we made , we finally said `` fuck it ! '', 
  and just turned to the us . 
  we needed new medium helicopters to replace the old ones and use as medevacs in afghanistan , and we simply could n't wait any longer . 
  we ordered 15 brand new blackhawks , and they were all built and delivered in record time . 
  that 's the difference between the us and europe . 
  well what the fuck were we supposed to do under the circumstances ? 
  our military was in an abysmal state , declare war on the soviet union ? 
  we barely managed to stay out of the larger conflict as it was . 
  with us allowing german troop transports and the selling of ore , once germany declared war on the soviets we would almost certainly have been dragged into the war on the side of the fucking nazis . 
  cue heavy strategic bombing by the allies on cities and infrastructure . 
  fuck that . 
  we did what we could , would it have made you happy if sweden had ended up suffering even more than you ? 
  edit : fucking armchair cyber warriors . 
  would like to see how fucking brave you are when b-17 's are leveling the city you live in . 
  though i get that alot of people get fully erect at the thought of fighting for nazi germany . 
  to be fair , those do n't look `` completely preserved '' to me . . 
   so its everybody for themselves ? 
  no , im pretty sure the poles are 100 % for european solidarity . 
  not european solidarity with millions of economic migrants ( migrants not refugees ) from third world cultures that are incredibly difficult to integrate , that cause enormous problems that they have so far been spared from . 
  the agreements they signed also states that the eu 's external borders should be secured , which they most definitely are not despite it being a part of the deal . 
  borders that * could * have been secured if it was n't for some member states resisting because of political correctness . 
  causing chaos and forcing member states to basically take things into their own hands and closing internal borders , while brussels was left standing paralyzed . 
  even now , when this issue should have been resolved two years ago , we have 100k people arriving in italy so far this year alone , and brussels still lack the will to act . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
   i find it really amusing that so many people here argue for what is essentially the end of the eu . 
  i can say the exact same thing about you . 
  the visegrad countries * will not * agree to this , it 's simply an inescapable fact , while the borders most definitely * can * be closed to the migrants . 
  who is being unreasonable ? 
  taking in millions of unintegratable migrants is not more important than internal eu integrity . 
  that is how the eu will die , if principle is more important than reality . 
  that 's betterer !, 
  but that rhetoric is found to an equal degree with the far-left too . 
  it 's just that you never get to hear about it , or choose to ignore it . 
  with all due respect , the far-right idiots are much less of an issue than the large numbers of organized and violent far-left activists here . 
  there is a term in sweden that has started being used the last couple of years , `` the good hate '' , describing the substantial but overlooked and tolerated hate and violence coming from the far-left . 
  because journalists and many politicians are left-leaning , they go `` but it 's for a just cause '' and turn a blind eye . 
  every single time there is a big international summit , the leftist activist show up and riot , smash windows , burn and fight the police . 
  hundreds of them , sometimes thousands . 
  and journalists always choose to focus on police brutality , and how they handled themselves . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  imagine if it was thousands of neo-nazis going berserk , imagine the outcry from journalists and politicians . 
  for me they are on the same level as neo-nazis , the same extremist scum . 
  the only difference is there are a fuckton more of them . 
  indeed there are idiots in sd , like the ones you mention , but one they are n't that many , and two they for the most part get kicked out . 
  and to their credit , the left mostly does the same too . 
  in the early 2000 's there was a scandal when it was discovered that the left party had pictures of lenin and stalin hanging in some of their offices . 
  that 's pretty disgusting , but all you can do is kick the people out who do n't share your values and make it clear that that 's not what they stand for . 
  we are tired of the situation in the country . 
  normal people . 
  that 's what sd represents , a return to normalcy . 
  they might not be the best tool , but until the other parties come around it will have to do . 
  in sweden we have a word `` lagom '' , which means not too much , not too little , in the middle just right .
