the modern russian state in official dealing continues to deny the belarus official state name , and continues to use the term belorussia . 
  the modern russian states uses the name belarus / \u0411\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0440\u0443\u0441\u044c in official dealings . 
  but many ordinary people use belorussia . 
  let 's face it though , russians are probably not the only foreigners who have their own name for your country . 
  you know , it 's like russians getting upset that english-speakers call their country russia and not rossiya . 
  again , he was replying to a comment about russians supposedly keeping a grudge about a polish invasion in the 17th century . 
  saying something about the polish conduct back then is not whataboutism , it 's directly related to the opening statement . 
  besides , this was n't about `` relieving russians from blame '' or something . 
  he could have easily made the same comment about the polish invasion without even acknowledging the fact that russia would later partition poland , but he did and in effect called the partition cruel . 
  let 's be real though , in general russians feel about as much guilt about the partition of poland as the poles do about invading and occupying russia in its time of troubles . 
  the holiday was re-established after the one that was celebrated from 1649 till 1917 as the `` day of moscow 's liberation from the poles '' . 
  only now , unlike back in the day , it 's called `` day of national unity '' . 
  if this was about keeping grudges they could have easily kept the original name of this holiday . 
  the focus has shifted towards the positive aspects of our nation coming together and preserving itself against all odds , the fact that it were * polish * invaders who were kicked out is secondary now . 
  as for why it was reinstated , i think they needed something positive around the beginning of november . 
  this holiday was discarded by the communists after all and in the soviet union people had the 7th november holiday celebrating the october revolution . 
  russian federation ca n't celebrate the october revolution , but now we have something positive about national unity instead ( though around 5 % of the people still think the holiday on the 4th of november is about the october revolution ) . 
   five years later , during official celebration patriarch kiryl compared 1612 victory to 1945 victory over nazi germany for instance . 
  for the survival of the russian nation both victories were crucial . 
  now of course the nazis were a 20th century regime hell-bent on genociding the lesser races , while the poles were doing pretty run-of-the-mill imperialist conquering that was not unusual for that time . 
  and considering the fact that the poles wanted to convert russia to catholicism , i imagine it 's not very surprising that an * orthodox * patriarch would say something like this . 
   has ended/started with a whataboutism . 
  the topic of russian-lithuanian invasion of russia was not brought up by a russian in the first place . 
  but when a russian enters this discussion it suddenly becomes russian whataboutism ? 
  what a joke . 
   yes , he said that it was worse than partition of poland . 
  no , what he * literally * said was  i would say that the polish yoke during 1610 is ** comparable ** to the partition of poland in its cruelty . 
  you ca n't just make things up when it 's all right there for all to see . 
  i do n't think it 's all that wild to compare these two things . 
  after all , after taking moscow the plan was to establish the polish rule over russia ( and convert russia to catholicism ) . 
  it just did n't work out for the poles , but the core ambitions were very similar . 
   this is like a classic example of russian whataboutism . 
  the topic of polish-lithuanian invasion of russia was not started by a russian in this thread . 
  how is this whataboutism ? 
  he compared the polish intervention in russia to the partition of poland . 
  i also think there are some historic parallels to be found there . 
  how is that going `` full retard '' ? 
  because it 's literally called `` unity day '' , it 's about uniting together and preserving our nation against all odds . 
  i think it 's telling that this holiday has been reinstated under a new name `` day of national unity '' , making it a positive thing people could connect with , and not as it was celebrated from 1649 till 1917 as the `` day of moscow 's liberation from poles '' . 
  whoever was doing the invading back then is pretty much an afterthought for the people now . 
  from a national poll conducted in october 2015 with the question what holiday is being celebrated on 4th of november , 55 % said it 's the day of national unity , 19 % said it 's the day of accord and reconciliation , 5 % said it 's the day of october revolution and 4 % said it 's the day of liberation from polish-lithuanian interventionists ( 2 % said something else and 16 % could n't give an answer ) . 
  yeah , i know about the polish-lithuanian intervention of course . 
  i was asking about the `` russians still ca n't forgive '' part . 
   russians still ca n't forgive poland taking over moscow in 1610 . 
  where are you getting that from ? 
  russia has its origins somewhere around novgorod . 
  how is that the `` east '' ? 
  yes , those plus of course moldova and the caucasus ( armenia , azerbaijan , georgia ) make up the bulk of migrants . 
  your ethnicity gets listed in the latvian passports ? 
   russia for example made it extremely easy for russians to return to the motherland eh , it 's quite a bureaucratic headache really . 
  nothing extremely easy about it . 
  russia is also one of the few eastern european countries with a positive migration rate ( +1.69 per 1,000 population ) . 
  um , you can find lots of rt videos out there about pretty much anything . 
  maybe your friends should stop sharing the racist ones ? 
  how about that , or maybe own up to your own nationalism without the `` evil russians made me do it '' excuse . 
  wait , you 're blaming polish nationalism on russia today ? 
  this is hilarious , ca n't you own up to your own shit without blaming the evil russians ? 
  i 'm sure an estonian poster will come around who 'll vehemently disagree with you . 
  it 's hard to predict for the coming 50 years of course , but gobbled up by turkey seems unlikely to me . 
  if anything , russia would not stand for that out of geopolitical considerations . 
  protecting armenia proper is a whole different deal than nagorno karabakh btw , which is n't even officially recognised by armenia itself at this point . 
   well , lets just say recent events have shown that russia does n't seem to keen on expressing the same kind of loyalty armenia has for the past 20 years . 
  from my perspective i 'm not sure that armenia has loyalty to russia . 
  politics are about self-interest after all . 
  it 's just that turkey is a valuable nato member , so russia is your only other option . 
   there are some semi-independent republics , many of them have a very small percentage of russian nationals - for example yakutia , buryatia , chechnya , dogestan , etc. 
  i think you meant to say ethnic russians , since they are all russian nationals anyway . 
  yakutia has a fairly substantial ethnic russian minority ( ~ 38 % ) and buryatia has an ethnic russian majority ( ~ 66 % ) . 
  chechnya and dagestan do have a very small percentage of ethnic russians . 
   i have stated it in the past many times , i dont see armenia surviving the next 50 years and turks love to brag about it . 
  what do you mean by not surviving the next 50 years , what do you think is going to happen to armenia ? 
   latvians had accepted russians in our society for hundreds of years , russians were rather rural and poor , but brothers , in the fight against the germans dude , russia literally bought you from sweden . 
  this was n't about you accepting the poor and rural russians out of the goodness of your heart or whatever it is you 're implying . 
  i 've been to the eu both before and after the current ukraine issue has started . 
  i think you 're missing the point somewhat , when russians see the `` west '' as hostile , it does n't mean that we think the average joe living in a western country is burning with a passionate hate for us or something . 
  it 's much more a political issue , where the western politics are hostile towards russia and the western media is employed to feed the general population a simplified , caricatural impression of russia that keeps the public satisfied and unquestioning . 
  i like to think that i 'm a nice girl , and i 've never had much problems interacting with people in the various countries i 've visited . 
  from my experience , ordinary folks in the eu often have a caricatural view on russia that they do n't really care to change ( and why should they , russia is very far-removed from their everyday concerns ) , but they 'll be perfectly nice to you personally . 
  it 's the same way in russia . 
  many people do n't like us or eu politics , but that does n't mean that they hate the ordinary people from us or eu . 
  people tend to separate the politics of country x from the ordinary citizens of said country . 
  the poster i was replying to was reacting to a different poll . 
  where the baltics were mentioned as countries that were perceived as unfriendly towards russia . 
  which they are going by their rhetoric , you do n't get called a `` terrorist state '' by a friendly country . 
  but there was no mention of russians hating the baltic states , that was n't even in the questions . 
  i 've visited the eu multiple times , both before and after 2014 , no surprises to be had . 
  i can read the western media ( hell , even people who do n't know english can do the same , as we have some fairly popular websites that provide translations of foreign media ) , so i can see how they choose to portray my country . 
  the `` will always be against russia '' - thing is partly historic of course and partly current events based . 
  but i 'd be surprised to see it change . 
   i do n't get it how they hate us baltic states so much . 
  um , this was about the perceived unfriendliness towards russia . 
  are you going to say that the baltic states are * friendly * towards russia ? 
  lol . 
  the fact that you immediately jumped to the conclusion that it must mean the russians hate you so much is interesting of course , but it really says more about you than russia . 
   russia on the other hand is europe , though i guess you could cut it off midway and change colour . 
  the map is named '' * countries * that have been under european control '' , changing colour at the urals would imply that siberia is an independent country , which it is n't . 
  idk , but that 's the popular perception from my experience . 
  it does n't always have to do with politics . 
  i once had this sort of discussion with some dutch people i know , basically from what they told me they do n't even really consider such countries like bulgaria and romania to be part of the west ( and those are part of the eu ) . 
  latin america would be even farther away from their definition of what 's western .
