  georgian/armenian/azerbaijani - 7 % positive , 30 % neutral , 54 % negative and 8 % d/k . 
  yes , it 's a win-win situation . 
  region with ethnic russians stayed in russia and lithuania got to have a manageably small russian minority . 
  kaliningrad was offered to lithuania anyway , but luckily they refused . 
  because , thankfully , lithuania refused to take that bit when it was offered to them during soviet times . 
  according to the poll sympathies towards russia are inching upwards in comparison with the beginning of 2017 . 
  if i 'd have to guess it 's probably connected to a disappointment with the current state of things that some people in ukraine might experience . 
  but it 's interesting how ukrainians apparently still ca n't unite in the face of adversary . 
  they 're pretty darn poor though and have a slew of other issues as well . 
  all in all not a place i 'd personally choose to live in . 
  but people can have different opinions on the matter . 
  well , i 'm not responsible for other people and their choices of course . 
  personally i do n't really understand why nearly a million russians still lives in uzbekistan for example ( or maybe i 'm just projecting and things are going great there ) . 
  but they do , so i guess some people are just comfortable where they are . 
   22 % still seems too much they just had a poll in ukraine in may of 2017 made by kiev international institute of sociology where 44 % of respondents said they now have a positive attitude towards russia vs 37 % negative . 
  22 % does n't seem all that outrageous in comparison . 
  i 'd be ok with that . 
  if i was from the baltic states i 'd have bailed long ago . 
  but some people just do n't like change or something . 
  because it 's much easier for ethnic russians to assimilate into ukrainians and vice versa . 
  the distance between ethnic groups is much greater in estonia and not a lot of mixing going on , certainly not compared to ukraine . 
  do you know the stats on how many ukrainians were granted polish citizenship in 2016 ? 
   calling yourself an atheist being bad for your career and safety nowadays lol , what ? 
  anyway , in the same poll that is cited here the majority of respondents said that they have feelings of respect and goodwill towards atheists . 
   so the same but all is worser eh , my brother 's classroom looks better than this and it 's not a ` fancy ' school or anything . 
  so this really varies you know . 
   i have different experiences i guess . 
  yeah , let 's just agree to disagree . 
  cause that 's not what i 'm seeing at all . 
   i mean , i used to consider russian my native language , but i never thought of myself as russian in identity . 
  majority of ukrainians in russian speaking regions declare ukrainian as their native language . 
  it 's an important identity marker . 
  you said it yourself , you `` used to '' . 
  because this is about identity and not about what people actually speak on the ground . 
   years of soviet rule did n't make l'viv speak russian , making russian a 2nd official language wo n't change that . 
  it 's not about lviv , but rather about kiev , odessa , kharkov and so on . 
  declaring russian an official language would slow down the ukrainization of those regions . 
   ukraine has been bilingual for hundreds of years , i do n't see why that 's bad . 
  * exclusively * ukrainian speaking . 
  i assumed that was clear from context . 
  and i 'm not attaching a value judgement to this . 
  it makes great sense from the p.o.v. 
  of ukrainian nation-building . 
   while reddit demographics might make it seem like 75 % of ukrainians are nationalist , in reality it 's less than 5 % of the population who are nationalists . 
  idk , this is not the impression i 'm getting and not just from reddit . 
  i have relatives in central ukraine who are very nationalistic and they 've told me that it 's the norm in their region . 
  now , last time we talked was in 2015 and i have no idea if they 've mellowed their stance since then . 
  but i 'm beyond caring about that at this point . 
   crimeans are another situation though , i feel like they will be against the eu and especially nato no matter what . 
  crimea is a special case though . 
  it 's the only region where ethnic russians are a majority and that sets the tone there . 
  this also has an influence on the local ethnic ukrainians in crimea . 
  majority of them even declare russian as their native ( ! ), 
  language , i 'm sure you know what this means in terms of identity in the former su . 
  it 's a big difference with regions that are merely russian speaking , since many russian speakers in ukraine have a strong ukrainian identity . 
   currently it is because of the war . 
  once the war is over , i hope things become more level-headed and the hot-blooded tensions will go away . 
  do n't you remember all the protests and vitriol that was thrown at yanukovich when the law of * regional * languages was introduced in 2012 ? 
  a very wishy-washy way of dealing with the issue of russian language btw . 
  and there was no war back then . 
   russian language as a 2nd official makes it better for the russian speakers who support it , and no worse for the ukrainian speakers many ukrainians disagree with that . 
  i 've often seen them share the opinion that ukrainian would give way in an ` honest ' competition with russian . 
  plus many people see it as a goal to make the whole ukraine ukrainian speaking . 
   i personally honestly do n't care anymore . 
  i think that many more ukrainians secretly feel that way , many wo n't admit it though . 
  i believe that . 
  but the nationalists do care and are very passionate about it . 
   he 's getting old , he 'll probably pick an heir and abdicate soon . 
  if trump can run and become president at 70 , i do n't see why putin ca n't do the same at 65 . 
  but who knows , we 'll see soon enough . 
   i hope it will please both sides rather than piss both off . 
  it seems that russian as a second state language is big no-no for many ukrainians . 
  it might be easier to make eastern ukrainians pro-eu than push russians through as an official language . 
  thanks for a detailed answer !, 
   within ukraine : hopefully this kind of thing like the one in the op 's video will stop happening i do n't think it will . 
  even once the war in donbass will hopefully be over , there 'll be still other issues left . 
  for example crimea , which will remain a part of russia . 
   within russia : i honestly kinda gave up hope on putin doing anything good so i wo n't comment . 
  i hope someone else will be voted president in 2018 . 
  if he runs , he 'll get elected as president . 
   for example , making a referendum like `` should russian be an official language and ukraine join the eu '' lol , way to piss both sides off . 
  this would be interesting to see . 
  you seem to have a fairly balanced view on things , though personally i 'm sceptical about the chances of ukraine joining eu ( or nato ) in the coming 20 years , if ever . 
  like , i get what ukrainians want from the eu , but i do n't expect to see it happen . 
  i do n't see how things can go back to normal , but i 'm not quite sure what `` normal '' is in this context . 
  but i do hope that the war can end soon for the sake of the people of donbass . 
  i 'm also russian and i 'm not anti-putin . 
  but as i 've already said elsewhere in this thread i 'm against inciting anti-ukrainian ethnic hate . 
  that would be dumb and harmful . 
  ukrainians are our biggest group of immigrants , which is a good thing . 
  no need to shoot oneself in the foot with any sort of `` death to khohols '' garbage . 
  that would be counterproductive . 
  ukrainians are our biggest group of immigrants and i expect many will continue to come in the coming years . 
  i see no reason to encourage some kind of ethnic hate against them . 
  are they ethnic finns who switched to swedish some time in the past ? 
   is it comparing foreign babies to 1000 foreigners and local babies to 1000 locals this one i think . 
  spain as a whole had a birth rate of 8.8 / 1000 in 2016 , so those high numbers have to be the number of foreign babies to 1000 foreigners . 
  muslim roma , that 's ... quite a combination . 
  i did n't know that was a thing . 
  15 % of muslims in bulgaria ?
