  i do n't think they 're using western in place of white . 
  not all `` white '' countries are generally seen as western , say russia for example does not fall under the `` west '' . 
  from my experience , usually when people talk about the west they mean western europe ( or maybe the whole of eu ) + us , can , aus , nz . 
  that 's a whole different discussion . 
  my point remains the same , saying that russia was doing * so well * in that time period is plain ridiculous . 
  russia was doing the opposite of well , the country was basically dying back then . 
   they like russia were doing so well until the dictators came to power . 
  i mean , i assume you must be talking about putin , but russia was doing atrociously bad before he came to power . 
  the 90s were an absolute disaster ... 
   neither it is so in russia versus europe russia 's total fertility rate from 2015 was 1.78 , which is better than in most of the eu . 
  though if this shows anything , is that it has been slowly growing thanks to an improvement in the quality of life . 
  fertility rate had plummeted dramatically in the 90s to a low point of 1.17 in 1999 . 
   i was thinking more of ussr ah , ok . 
  i was confused by the fact that you gave a link to the current federal districts of russia . 
   countries like kazahstan and ukraine were a part of it , and they do n't really have an `` overarching ethnicity '' . 
  but they do ... that would be kazakhs and ukrainians respectively . 
  i 'm not totally sure how we 're relevant to the discussion . 
  the eu does n't have an overarching ethnicity that could tie the whole thing together like the russian federation has . 
  otherwise forming one single state out of the eu would be much easier . 
   having foreign nannies is common . 
  yeah , but not burka-wearing foreign nannies though . 
  when hiring a central asian nanny most people here would go for the one who 's dressed in a more common way . 
  we are n't used to burkas and women wearing them are seen as hardcore religious . 
  being white in russia generally means passing for an ethnic ( east ) slav . 
  armenians often have a somewhat `` middle eastern '' look . 
   chechens that i know were also telling e that dagestanis are the ones that are giving them a bad name heh , * of course * they 'd say that . 
  and if you 'd ask the dagestanis there 's a very good chance you 'd get a totally different answer . 
  anyway , as for the reputation of chechens which you say is good in turkey and the mid east . 
  i have a theory that it 's because those are muslim majority societies where the chechens find more overlap with their own values . 
  on the other hand another poster linked a thread about how chechens have a bad reputation in austria which is a non-muslim country , where the austrian op is saying things like `` chechens are considered as violent and criminals here '' . 
  do n't know how it is in europe and turkey , but in the caucasus the chechens are definitely more religious and non-secular than the circassians . 
  i do n't really get why you 're being so hard on dagestanis in comparison with the chechens . 
  the chechens might have their own reasons for disliking them , going by their conflict at the end of the 90s there 's no real love there . 
  but i do n't necessarily see that as a reason to paint the dagestanis with a darker brush . 
  and while your traditions might be very similar , nowadays circassians are a good deal more secular in comparison with the chechens , who are probably the most religious people in the caucasus . 
  really not on the same level . 
  i 've spent some time in turkey and while due to the environment i was in most people i interacted with on a personal level were very educated , secular and all around nice , you guys have this huuge part of the society that is hard to miss and is very traditional . 
  that 's not really the case with tatars from my experience . 
  my brother is married to a tatar girl and we 've visited some of her extended family in tatarstan and i 'd say that generally tatars give a more secular impression than the turks do . 
  at the same time it 's not really a fair comparison , since the environments are very different . 
  yes , our biggest muslim group are the tatars who are pretty chill actually . 
  they 're also probably one of the most secular muslims in the world . 
  huh , that 's surprising . 
  he does n't have any particular popularity here in russia , so the idea that he could use it for conversions seemed funny to me . 
  i just assumed that in general people who are n't catholic do n't care about the pope , since that 's how it is here . 
  guess i was wrong . 
   orthodox have been accusing catholic pope of trying to use his popularity for conversions . 
  the pope has popularity outside of catholic countries ? 
   germany , ** russia ** , japan are already declining . 
  no , we 're not . 
  nope , he 's still an adviser . 
  you 'll also notice this if you search for fresh articles from the ukrainian media where they call him an adviser of poroshenko . 
  like [ this one ] ( http://24tv.ua/ru/sovetnik_poroshenko_raskritikoval_ukrainskih_olimpijcev_za_foto_s_rossijanami_n715083 ) . 
  he posted it on his facebook where it 's still up for all to see , but the automod wo n't let me link it directly . 
  i 'll send it to you by pm . 
  poroshenko 's adviser has already suggested that ukrainian athletes who take pictures with `` representatives of the horde '' should have their funding stripped . 
  * the automod wo n't let me put a direct link to his facebook post for some reason ? 
  * but here 's a full translation of what he said , courtesy of / u/dde93 , if anyone is curious . 
   i 'm in a rather grim mood , and want to spout off some nastiness about our illustrious sportsmen . 
  but stsuko , hugging the representatives of the horde ? 
  blabbering on about separation of politics and sport ? 
   you know what would get their pulses racing ? 
  quite strongly ? 
  if the money wasted on the olympians , not all but the ones who enjoying posting selfies with the huns , were instead used to finance our armed forces . 
  but that 's just me dreaming . 
   i have no idea how to get the idea through the thick skulls of my certain compatriots , that the problem is n't with putin . 
  the problem is that we have freaking hundreds of kilometers of land border with a hostile state . 
  where some buryats and freaking dagestanians slither in to defend the `` russian world '' . 
  no , #notall buryats and dagestanians , that 's to keep that dancing cunt from the horde 's pr outfit ( ed . 
  : maria zakharova ) off me , after she screwed around commenting your humble servant 's remarks and comparing russians to insects . 
   my friends , this is n't going to end with putin . 
  this is forever . 
  the horde is upon us . 
  it will be behind our backs for the rest of our lives !, 
  drunken , starving , jealous , despicable horde , right next to us . 
   and we no longer fear it . 
  yeah , they took some serious steps to stop the hazing . 
  my boyfriend did his draft service a couple of years ago and he says things were fine during his service . 
  i mean , not to paint too rosy a picture , surely you can still find some crap somewhere . 
  but the overall situation has greatly improved . 
  the collapse of the 90s had a very bad effect on the army . 
  you had horror stories about how soldiers had to serve in bad conditions , that there was terrible hazing and just bad reputation all around . 
  some years ago various reforms were introduced to clean the place up , i think after the 888 war there was also a serious increase in military spending and a lot of much needed reforms were being introduced . 
  the conditions of soldiers doing their draft service improved by a good deal . 
  and also the image of our processional army has improved along with the trust in their capabilities ( in last year 's poll 89 % of respondents answered that they believed our army was capable of protecting us in case of military aggression , while 60 % had thought so back in 2005 ) . 
  also , in general i think we have a very different culture with regards to the army in comparison with the us . 
  even the people with a very positive outlook on the military would find the whole `` thank you for your service '' culture peculiar . 
  what i meant is that it takes time to rebuild trust in the military . 
  they 've come quite a way already . 
  i 've looked up russian polls on the military and it was 32 % in january of 2006 , 48 % in january of 2008 , 56 % in january of 2010 and so on . 
  there are some fluctuations over time with things going back and forth , but in general approval of the military has been growing for some time . 
  why ? 
  i 'd say it 's only the last couple of years that trust in the army is being rebuilt here . 
  the 90s were horrible in the military and people remember that very well . 
   `` tourism limitation '' a limitation placed on tour operators . 
  people could still book their own plane tickets , make their own hotel reservations , etc. 
  actually russians got paris . 
  perhaps it also depends on the type of immigrants you get in australia ? 
  i 've been to ankara and kazan and the people in kazan definitely give off a way more secular vibe on average . 
  sure , i 've read that turkish cypriots are the most secular muslims in the world .
