to top that question , how many will be able to ? 
  if you live in a immigrant neighborhood , you 'll have a hard time breaching out to swedes all ready . 
  ... and everything went according to plan h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6 . 
  so ... we should invade ukraine ? 
  i had to scroll past so many silly suggestions to get to this obvious answer . 
  fire does n't discriminate . 
  that it were pro-russians who perished is not the result of intended extermination , which , by the way , moscow does n't really have a good record of when it comes to ukraine . 
  the russians are n't my enemies either , but russia is , because to me the sovereignty of a nation and their right to self rule is important to me . 
  granted , it is a fitting name for the school . 
  you 're really gon na have to stop with the `` you know ** obvious thing ** right ? '', 
  cause it really does n't help your point . 
  sweden is the definition of swedish culture and that includes the tradition of monarchy . 
  on that specific question though , public opinion is diverse , so it really is n't of any importance . 
  sweden is a democracy , which is an integral part of our culture and the monarchy complies with that . 
  regardless , if you do not really fit to the norm of swedish culture , were n't born in sweden or currently reside in sweden , can you call yourself swedish ? 
  being christian is one thing , there are many religious people in sweden . 
  you 're just simply missing the point . 
  sweden is a secular country and part of that means that religious practice does not have a place in school curriculum . 
   ... and you do know that theres a cross on sweden 's flag , right ? 
  no way ? 
  really ? 
  the nordic flags origin stem from far earlier than martin luther was born ( so much for your lutheran heritage ) . 
  neither the less , the symbolism of the flag has a religious history which is of no importance today . 
   being swedish does not make you an expert on `` swedishness '' you 're right about that , but it does serve as a fair proof of experience of swedish culture . 
  i 'm not an expert on sweden , but i know more than you . 
  if you 'd replace the royal institute of technology with gustavus adolphus college there 'd be an outrage . 
  backwards ? 
  no , just not compatible with swedish culture . 
  any specific reason we 're changing the topic of discussion ? 
  you 're offended ? 
  okay ... sweden is n't a religious country . 
  a school , even more so a university , with faith and religion incorporated in its curriculum is absolutely absurd over here . 
  if this type of education is your thing , that 's fine , but it 's the direct opposite of swedish culture and has no place in sweden . 
  it makes it easy to spot a `` swedish-because-6-generations-ago ... '' . 
  sweden was and did a lot of things in its past . 
  history is always important but what madman chooses to make his decisions entirely on past events ? 
  sweden was once also a catholic country and at an even earlier point , pagan . 
  does x 's connection to norse paganism justify x calling himself a swede ? 
  over at / r/sweden we had a thread recently about [ gustavus adolphus college ] ( https://gustavus.edu ) . 
  a reoccurring thing you notice about the school is its dedication to faith , and more specifically , christianity . 
  this sort of contradicts the swedish way of life and swedish culture in general . 
  claiming heritage is one thing , but association is another , and i believe the difference is significant and important . 
  not specific to europe , but whatever ukrainians you encounter in movies are always criminals . 
  recently watched both 25th hour and lord of war . 
  there are endless examples . 
  this is very accurate statement . 
  kharkiv is an educational hub and while not exactly a flourishing city , it is much more attractive to young people than the countryside . 
  these young people , despite many perhaps not recalling the oppression of the ussr , have seen the prosperity of the west and are very eager to take part in it . 
  i was almost dead certain it was kharkiv after seeing that building in the background . 
  this is real close to the huge square in the center of the city . 
  felt to me like the pictures really stretched to get the whole variety of the bunch , but not really representative of the average swede . 
   and the advantage with those is that we can phase them in gradually and immediately as soon as they enter the market . 
  nuclear plants lock you in at a certain level of technology for decades . 
  this is merely a question of how long lasting your power plant is , yet another drawback of certain energy sources , such as wind power , is that they do not last very long . 
   the uranium reserves are n't near enough to provide the majority of our energy - not even electricity . 
  the planets source for nuclear power greatly outmatches our present day requirements for a lot of generations to come , even counting in exponential growth . 
  taking care of the waste is a question of disposing it , not managing it . 
  more research always helps , but the difference is that with alternative energy sources we need more research to extract more energy . 
  nuclear power needs more resources to manage waste , it already has the capability to produce enough power . 
  that is the fundamental difference because the methods of extracting energy from alternative sources are far more limited and a lot less potent . 
  i consider very few things the soviet did to be successful , so i have my doubts of their impact . 
  mirror please . 
  fourth generation nuclear power plants severely reduce the amount of waste and its half life . 
  they are not currently available , but a work in progress . 
  to which degree of certainty this actually will be the case can always be debated . 
  you 're comparing relying on your own government to relying on another ones , which by the way have no reason to care for you besides their profits . 
  nuclear waste disposal is a temporary issue , not in the sense that the waste will vanish shortly , but rather that waste being produced wo n't be a long lasting implication of modern nuclear power . 
  whatever problems exist associated with nuclear power are best reduced with the development and improvement of nuclear power , not the abandonment of it . 
  nuclear power is the answer to being more environmentally friendly and independent . 
  the price you have to pay for abandoning nuclear power . 
  mother was hoping our relatives who live there would be spared from the violence . 
  it seems however that the large younger population are n't eager to sit still . 
  undoubtedly , there will be more civil resistance to the maidan movement in kharkiv , than in for example kiev or lviv . 
  that 's the very opposite of what a democracy is . 
  a democracy is broken when its constitution is changed unfairly , as we saw in ukraine , as well as with morsi in egypt . 
  that is a pretty bold claim . 
  both sides are guilty to storming each other , but the question is who and what is justified . 
  perhaps just a coincidence , but bbc video shows an injured policeman which looks very similar to that man , being in the hands of fellow policemen . 
  i doubt they live in mansions , but they do essentially the same thing . 
  there is this one guy who walks around sergelstorg here in stockholm who really looks like a gypsy and dresses fancy ( but very weirdly ) . 
  he is often found walking around looking , acting all cool and mighty , with his hat and sideburns . 
  i would n't at all be surprised if he is the rat king . 
  poverty is an explanation for crime , but rarely an excuse . 
  as someone who has worked and lived in the very centre of stockholm for the past years , i can vouch for that they have appeared in quite high numbers recently . 
  it is hard to tell if there are people who fuel this problem by giving money . 
  it is fairly well recognized that they are part of a criminal organization . 
  i do n't quite know what should be done of them , but they definitely need to go . 
  edit : gypsies are gravely overrepresented in crime statistics here in sweden . 
  looks like sweden won . 
  again . 
  in this regard , i do n't find bbc even the slightest trustworthy . 
  it feels like british media ( or at least british media i keep in touch with ) are always pro-immigration to europe but not to the uk . 
  i always refer to canada when someone talks about a successful immigration policy . 
  to the extent i know , emigrating to sweden is a cakewalk compared to emigrating to canada . 
  it 's quite high on the [ list ] ( http://www.dn.se/ekonomi/jobb-karriar/har-ar-landets-basta-larosaten/ ) of higher education in sweden . 
  partly because it 's , like ki , a specialized school . 
  i suppose maybe it 's mostly known within stockholm ? 
  * [ hhs handelsh\u00f6gskolan i stockholm aka stockholm school of economics ] ( https://www.hhs.se ) probably the most prestigious business school . 
  i 'm fine with this decision . 
  maybe it 's just a way of getting around the problem of sl having some major haters whichever way they decide to go , but as long as it applies the same to everyone i consider it a just ruling .
