i do n't know . 
  it 's a tough decision to pick just one . 
  actually , we have no honest politicians . 
  that 's just a reflection of our country 's mentality . 
  the good thing about this this subreddit/europe , is `` i do n't feel so alone '' . 
  and i must add this video to this discussion , it 's universal . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07w9k2xr3f0 `` the public sucks , fuck hope '', 
  i agree with you but i must add other two : ant\u00f3nio guterres and cavaco . 
  you are forgetting ant\u00f3nio guterres ( pm for 10 years ) . 
  please do n't . 
  he was also very much responsible for all the mess we have in portugal nowadays . 
  i 'm a female monster though . 
  i 'm sorry , in portuguese we say : ue ( uni\u00e3o europeia ) . 
  thank you for the remark . 
  ( i could n't see it ), 
  i see now clearly the two different perspectives about this matter . 
  swedish politicians may have good will to help those people but they are also blind for they ca n't see their own judgemental flaws . 
  how can sweden help everyone in the world ? 
  i think the eu should take some refugees and distribute them fairly . 
  but sweden and germany realistically ca n't take them all : there will be no jobs or places to live for such huge amount of people . 
  it 's insane . 
  eu also should be providing help , food and shelter to the real refugees in the danger zones . 
  on a note aside : danish/swedish people would you mind to `` deport '' those program producers and those two journalists to portugal , to perform similar good questions to our own politicians about our own issues ? 
  oh please !!, 
  just for 1 month before the elections !, 
  our journalists and our political debate programs are usually so bad and weak : there 's no debate , just political rubbish with no confrontation with the reality . 
  nothing is explored in detail . 
  in the end , one ca n't name concrete ideas about each candidate . 
  i ca n't stand those debates any more . 
  :( edit : spelling, 
  i must say i tried swedish in duolingo a couple of weeks ago , just for fun . 
  you have no moral right to say that french is a living hell . 
  swedish is a nightmare !, 
  my god , there was n't a single word i could pronounce decently . 
  and every single word is so strange !!!, 
  ( i was born in a bilingual portuguese/polish house . 
  i thought it would be so much easier for me , i was so wrong ) . 
  omg !, 
  i laughed so hard at this !, 
  i actually was trying to direct the link to the video : `` young syrians use facebook to aid journey '' . 
  here : http://edition.cnn.com/2015/09/18/world/europe-migrant-crisis/index.html, 
  thing is , i suppose these people could stay in a country for a while as a refugee until the war in syria ends . 
  ( it might take some years , but eventually it will end ) and then , they could return to their country . 
  and it would be good for them to have new references of how a country should be ruled , how to behave socially , how to not be offended by cartoons , etc. 
  i would see it as an `` erasmus democratic-experience '' . 
  but that 's not how it works , right ? 
  this is me , being naive . 
  i do n't even know what to say , it 's quite embarrassing . 
  their expectations were too high . 
  what is being given to them is an opportunity and they should be grateful , they have a quiet place to live . 
  of course sweden ca n't do everything for these people . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  sweden is not an `` earthy paradise '' . 
  it has problems as any other place . 
  there are people who think portuguese , spanish , greeks as lazy . 
  particularly in portugal , there are some regions ( alentejo ) where people take a nap after lunch in summer , as the local temperature easily reaches the 40\u00ba or more . 
  it 's literally impossible to do anything else . 
  ( and truth to be told , these farmers also have to wake up very early in the morning , to be able to do their activities . ), 
  imagine how much i suffer with the portuguese weather . 
  ( to make things worse , i 'm a ginger in this country , which is an awful combination ), 
  where is democracy ? 
  freedom of speech ? 
  this is insane !, 
  but hey ... left parties like `` syriza '' or `` podemos '' are the real evil ones . 
  / s greeks , we need you to give a strong lesson to europe this sunday . 
  are you sure you are talking about spain ? 
  because in portugal they promised exactly the same things ... and guess what happened next . 
  oh the irony !, 
  so what ? 
  i would have voted in tsipras if i were greek . 
  in 6 years all the imf measures did nothing for greece . 
  even for our country , we did n't improve that much . 
  everyone knows it . 
  tsipras proved to be a better politician than many so called ` democrats ' in europe . 
  we may be slightly better . 
  but we are not okay enough , far from it . 
  and we shall see the social consequences of these measures in the next few years . 
  many were forced to leave our country , many will have children outside , and we are going to shrink . 
  and it 's totally understandable . 
  eu institutions failed a lot with greece . 
  their actions and anti-democratic attitudes towards the people of greece . 
  it 's insane . 
  as a portuguese , i feel very disappointed with this hole situation . 
  this is not the union i thought it was . 
  i think tsipras is a good politician . 
  in portugal , our politicians are elected by false promises . 
  at least , he gave his power to the greeks to decide their future . 
  because , he could n't accept the conditions imposed by the imf and ue without consulting your people . 
  because , let 's be honest here : the measures imposed by imf and ue are insane and all the annalists say very bad things about it . 
  -  http://www.businessinsider.com/paul-krugman-greek-referendum-2015-6, 
  in portugal , media does the same kind of job . 
  people around here are deceived to think bad about the greek situation . 
  and our politicians conveniently insist on that . 
  `` because austerity measures are the only way to improve economy '' . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  the impact of the austerity measures were tremendous and i think we will not recover easily from them . 
  in the long term it will not bring development , or economic growth . 
   i really love the country , although i 've just been there for a small couple of weeks . 
  it 's quite irrational now that i think of it . 
  i am always trying to find new poles in my country ( which is not often , but sometimes it happens ) .
