  most people in the uk would be fine if there were reforms but they just laugh at us and bleed us dry and never attempt to be friendly towards us . 
  ( by `` they '' i mean the european institutions and commission not the member states ) . 
   `` was '' in the context of the 29 million expected migrants by 2014 he never said they 'd all would come over , just that they all had the ability to . 
  i think obama saying to stay in is enough to vote to leave the eu . 
  this is a guy who bombs random locals in iraq and afghanistan because he ca n't be bothered to check for civilians around , thinking killing fifty innocents to get one important target is worth it - gets a nobel peace prize for have some black ancestry . 
  everyone laps him up for no reason . 
  now you have idiots who say `` vote hilliary if you are n't sexist - because she 's a woman '' in the democrat party . 
  absolute joke . 
  shush , you 're supposed to say `` trade and immigration outside the eu does n't exist '', 
  so all pro-eu people are in the british union of fascists then ? 
  til, 
   and we loose our most important partner in european matters , assuming you have to be in the eu to have trade in general or free trade . 
  it makes me wonder how the rest of the world copes not being in the eu . 
   that do not involve physical violence how about forcibly removing them ? 
  oh , i bet you think that 's too violent , right ? 
  `` because homophobes have human rights too '' i guess there 's * just homophobes * and then there 's savages who 'd actually harm gay people for being gay . 
  it 's quite ridiculous , the `` celticism '' is defined as places which still speak said languages rather than the actual people who live there . 
  people in england are just as celtic as people in scotland , both had an influx of germanic peoples and both places 's languages have changed as a result . 
  just because specific languages are lost does n't make us not celtic . 
  it 's like saying no-one is of pictish decent in scotland when we know the picts existed , just their language is lost . 
  it 's mostly used as an anglophobic way to try to instill divisions where there are none . 
  i can understand the irish being butthurt at england because of what the normans started but it 's really ridiculous now . 
  that 's not to say people should n't feel any pride or identity of love of being celtic , it 's really great , i just find that it weird the way some people go about with it . 
   id rather the uk stays in and continues to push for more reforms rather than leave and get all the benefits of the eu without the costs . 
  i 'd like a reformed eu but there 's no evidence of it even being an option . 
  the closest to changing the system is leaving it . 
  [ nigel farage right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfe-udb9my0 ), 
  if trump was pleasant and british . 
  there 's a difference between supporting an idea and supporting the execution of said idea . 
  she gon na side with cameron on reform ? 
  i probably would n't be so eurosceptic if the ability to reform was actually an option rather than an unfulfilled wish . 
   send a stern letter ? 
   a bit salty we did n't produce an ** own strong dynasty ** , are we ? 
  oh my god !, 
  i had no idea they said `` king '' in scotland as well !, 
  [ here 's the theme tune a tv report could use ] ( https://youtu.be/bfurkdf6wxg?t=44s ), 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2k1ird2f-c ), 
   the anglo-saxon state was relatively sophisticated and stable with quite a lot of central authority relative to many other medieval kingdoms . 
  being an island made it easy to defend . 
  but it also made invading ireland easy too because to go anywhere we always needed ships and boats . 
  with the kingdom of england it only had to worry about borderlands with scotland so when scotland occasionally pushed south it would only be parts of northumbria most of the time while england really only pushed up towards the central belt . 
  scotland was just chilling for most of it . 
  i like the subtle back and forwards with scotland and england . 
  dal sounds very much like dell or dale . 
  pronounced cum, 
  i suppose the nederlands as well , given our close religious history , monarchy and that they 're probably the best english speakers on the continent . 
  like seriously one of my uni housemates ' girlfriends was a nederlander and other than her obvious dutch name has a general southern english accent . 
  oh right , so the common travel area is just a coincidence right ? 
  people from the uk and ireland visit each other all the time , even if you exclude ni . 
  oh right , some labourite was telling me nuclear was the answer because the waste would eventually become reusable . 
  so what happened to france 's renewable nuclear waste project ? 
   you think they 'd see themselves as english , but distance and geography alone really can make a nation . 
  30 % are british born immigrants and their last few pms were brits . 
   i 'd say ours is america . 
  but the result is the obnoxious `` i 'm 1/40th irish '' plastic paddies . 
  literally any other country where irish people have moved to is better . 
   england : english , englishman/englishwoman i guess anglian or englander could work . 
  the latter being rather like nederlander or new zealander . 
  * grumble * most unorthodox !, 
  we all have celtic ancestors in the uk . 
  most people tend to just measure it by where languages are preserved . 
  kind 've like `` oh . . yeah ... we 're totally occupied ... nothing we can do ... '', 
  ireland . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  perhaps , but its possible i 'll end up being a way for illegals to get into the uk from europe . 
  at least ni is small enough for it to be incredibly obvious who any illegals are . 
  plus ferries from ni to gb would need security on . 
   but the conservatives only won because of our broken fptp system . 
  even with pr they are the most popular party and would do a coalition with ukip and would have the most votes . 
   it feels very temporary . 
  even harman felt more legit while she was caretaker . 
  well yeah . 
  because we are mixed celtic/anglo-saxon . 
  that is the british ethnicity . 
  people seem to run stupid articles assuming only the english people are saxon and scots , welsh and irish are all celts . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  saxon tribes either intermarried with celts , or in the worst case scenario raped them , having kids , even if it was about pushing celtic rule out of mostly england and half of scotland . 
  we mostly base the idea england is just anglo-saxon from mostly saxon artifacts remaining while most traces of celts are n't found in england . 
   the ship got damaged and the aliens were starving inside of it . 
   but they got it working easily enough . 
   also does the article remind anyone else of district 9 ? 
  that film made no sense . 
  why would the aliens arrive , then go in live in human assigned camps instead of leaving ? 
  why did n't they attempt to use the ship ? 
  it 's like if apartheid was black people bringing it on by themselves . 
  i mean , the aliens were advanced , how did they go from that to being in a shanty town ? 
  did they want to live there ? 
  did they want to force themselves on the humans ? 
  why the hell do n't they use `` britania '' ? 
  it 's virtually a term we use here also . 
  or are they making it sound like that celtic place in france ? 
   which is good because `` i run a website '' should never be an excuse to avoid the law . 
  given that that website has been a source of leaked secret information about the actions of governments and potential war crimes , i do n't think i 'm going to doubt some kind of ulterior motive here . 
  does this mean it was lithuania and croatia all this time controlling the eu ? 
  curse them !, 
  yeah but if someone in the uk says `` all over the country '' they would n't be talking about just england or scotland . 
  also , my housemate 's netherlander girlfriend once asked during the world cup :  `` how did holland do ? '', 
  and i said `` do you mean north holland or south holland ? '', 
  to troll her . 
   well , we call ourselves netherlanders and we speak netherlandish your national anthem should be enter sandman :  * exit light *   * enter night *   * take my hand *   * off to nether , netherlands !,
