   gross immigration is currently at about 1 % of the population each year . 
  putting the ** gross ** in gross immigration . 
  this seems like something jesse eisenberg could narrate . 
  `` migrants of the jungle vs cops of calais . 
  day vs night . 
  the ultimate showdown '' . 
  well i guess it depends on the nudity of both , i would n't particularly want nude pictures of my children being on the internet . 
  yeah . 
  they deserve free reign over anything after what happened last january . 
  he was trying to sneak it past airport security too . 
  there was a show in the uk where a guy does train journeys and he did budapest to warsaw and he spent most of the show talking about jews going to the holocaust . 
  he said that budapest was a safe-ground for jews during the holocaust . 
   first how do you know that they are from turk decent i never said they were . 
  well it 's not as if it 's germans doing this . 
  actual germans . 
  it 's people who moved to germany , or whose parents move to germany and raised them in some unintegrated bubble influenced by non-german sources . 
   most of those killed in a suicide bomb attack that claimed 10 lives in the heart of istanbul 's tourist district were german citizens . 
  yeah but where were their grandparents from ? 
  or great-grandparents ? 
  when is the next election , out of interest ? 
   the british will never give it up although it lies in ireland . 
  contrary to popular belief , being attached to an island does n't instantly mean it should become part of the sovereign state on said island . 
   getting the last six counties back . 
  did it , as an sovereign entity , ever have them before the uk , or whichever power from gb , did ? 
  this is what a priest in top tier purple gear should look like . 
  how typical . 
  maybe / r/worldnews will stop the pro-russian circle jerk ? 
  even if the final violation was 17 seconds i bet that black box would reveal many more violations . 
  go to the winchester and wait for all this to blow over . 
  there are no refugees in calais , only illegal immigrants . 
  they are in a safe country , passing through many safe countries , and have not applied for asylum . 
  they are illegal immigrants . 
   it is refusing to take back migrants who have been denied their asylum requests by norway , eg . 
  because they already have residency permits in russia . 
  so basically , it is allowing rejected illegal immigrants to norway to pass through russia on their way back to where they came from ? 
  byz plz !, 
  so it was built before or after hitler 's reign then ? 
  tell that to balkans ' snapped neck !, 
   are you really that confident in your own army ? 
  worked last time . 
  it 's supposed to be goldman sachs because of the recent comments wikileaks leaked from hillary about the bank , plus ecuador moved it 's gold to them so she 's probably indirectly linked even if she did n't actually say it, 
  it 's a good distinction when referring to abroad but not outside europe . 
  it 's basically like saying `` next door '' or `` over the road '', 
  wow , iceland has only 633 police officers ? 
  also it helps that they were occupied for the last half a century so each area of germany was built up away from the capital ( except perhaps east germany ), 
  even if he did start it , it 's a stupid way of telling the press . 
  why would someone say it like that ? 
  i 'd honestly prefer it if people overused `` xenophobia '' instead of `` racism '' because most discrimination is n't about race but culture and nationality . 
  i think you need immigrants to have anti-immigrant sentiment . 
  i 'm sure there 's people that were raped in england but just happened to never get raped in scotland . 
  i guess scotland is rape free / s, 
  needs to give their stories some polish, 
  well i guess someone did it wrong then . 
  it 's probably using the english name since the keys are in english, 
  and what do people eat after a hard night 's clubbing ? 
  you realise that an awful lot of european healthcare is , while free at the point of use , is farmed out contractually private companies ? 
  that 's what 's happening to the uk atm . 
  so if anything we 're becoming more like you . 
  if we reduced the benefits for asylum seekers and refugees and migrants we 'd be more in line with the rest of europe . 
  people have been bitching about the privatisation of the nhs since scotland started getting/continued to get free prescription medicine compared to england as if that 's the be-all-or-end-all of free healthcare, 
  so any pledge is completely pointless because it was never a party with a single plan to be carried out . 
  the brexit camp are not in government . 
  it 's fun and interesting if the unit was smaller than the actual competitors , like during london 2012 there were so many gold medalists from yorkshire that people were saying `` yorkshire came fifth on the olympics medalist board '' or whatever , that works because it 's remarkably small . 
  yeah but they have to actually speak it to not be classed as anglosphere . 
  the main issue is whether the government chooses to or not . 
  it 's bizzare that campaign to stay in the eu but do n't want to commit to replacing all eu regional funding, 
  i think there was supposed to be a high king that led the provinces i think but i have no idea on details, 
  if only they were . 
  it 's like we hate ourselves as a country, 
  they have all these gates around the city so it 's possible to actually close areas . 
  would be pretty cool during a zombie attack . 
  people say britain to mean the uk and gb to mean the island . 
  a lot of irish republicans say the `` britain only means england scotland and wales '' as a way to de-validate ireland/northern ireland 's position . 
  it 's first usage was in reference to just england , wales and southern scotland as a way of differentiating between the bretons , picts and gaels and expanded since the british isles became a soverign state and now references british territory , particularly the uk that said a lot of the naming habits do n't always make sense , like `` team gb '' during the olympics but i guess we like the name . 
  most people in the uk tend to say `` english/scottish/welsh '' when asked this , which leaves northern ireland in an awkward position because northern irish is a very divided identity with a good half wanting to be `` irish '' as in the independent state to the south . 
  however many unionists before the partition of ireland were happy to call themselves irish and british like the rest of the uk would say with their own sub-nationality in . 
   you have the english nation , the scottish , the welsh and the irish - and those were united into a multi-national state called britain . 
  actually no , wales is an area of small kingdoms annexed by england that 's only recently been recognised . 
  it was never an entity and its borders are mainly justified as `` anything west of powys because the mountains made it hard for post-celtic people to conquer . 
   honestly when i talk to my friends from northern ireland i expect the walls will be backup 10 years after ( or they 'll never complete removing them ) . 
  they still use words like `` dirty '' to describe people from the `` other side '' . 
  it 's completely bat shit . 
  mine does n't . 
  the only time he gets annoyed at `` the other side '' is when someone mentions leaving the uk . 
  he 's had so many long friendly chats with people from `` the other side '' who freak out when he says where he lives and completely turns on him . 
  because people with different political ideas can still get along with their rivels, 
  what about booing zac snyder for the state of the dceu ? 
  we certainly do n't need any more racist hate group, 
  what do you mean `` subsidy fears '' ? 
  they 're already being underpaid as it is . 
  sirius black up to no good again ? 
  mate , i do n't even have a problem with the finnish air force flag ... 
  that 's fucking stupid, 
   he was getting bullied in school for years due to being from iranian descent so does that mean he was technically bullied for being aryan while in germany ? 
  contrary to popular belief , being catholic doesnt make someone less british, 
   well except the chicks that are running around dressed like tents . 
  cosplaying a toilet tent does have its merits, 
   i certainly did not mean to imply that i think turkey will have death camps by 2029 i think that 's impossible . 
  if that happens turkey would n't be able to function as a country because we 'd ostracise them . 
  we do n't need to .
