  this will severely cripple turkey as a trade partner and as an eu candidate . 
  all we need is to secure the border with turkey . 
  no-one gives a shit about doing an iraq in turkey, 
  my fluid on their face, 
   as far as i know , he 's been polite about trump !, 
  [ lol ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/boris-johnson/12039931/boris-johnson-the-only-reason-i-wouldnt-visit-some-parts-of-new-york-is-the-real-risk-of-meeting-donald-trump.html ), 
  no i 'm saying the reasons behind your abuse are an inferior way of thinking though i do n't care if an adult wants to mutilate themselves, 
  it 's probably the only thing i have a problem with them though, 
  maybe we can protect paedophiles right to fuck kids in the ass then if people think it 's fine to cut off boys foreskin, 
   it 's not anti-semitic unless you think they 're somehow inferior as humans because of that . 
  i think their culture is backwards and inferior as a result of practising genital mutilation . 
  lol , are they seriously defending child abuse by pulling `` anti-semitism '' out of their arse ? 
  fuck them . 
  why prepare for something you do n't want ? 
  ala david cameron ? 
  we only just repaid the debt from that lol, 
  so either way the uk gets no jobs ? 
  k then, 
   most people 40 and under do n't think in pounds and ounces . 
  everyone weighs themselves in stones , pounds and ounces, 
  last we can stop throwing away unstraight cucumbers . 
  well those polls werent taking into account our shittynvote system . 
  they got 4 million votes but only one mp . 
  they 're the third most popular party in the uk now, 
  their 4 million voters ? 
  wow , i guess this explains why our fishing villages are so strong economically / s, 
  yeah well if people are saying the eu prevented wars then we can say it caused overfishing and fucked over our fishing villages . 
  how many of them are in australia though ? 
  you 're right , the european parliament seems to have 1 former gulag/slave as an mep , which completely negates farages argument . 
  like having one working class member out of hundreds to prove your institution is n't classist, 
  [ til this is n't controversial ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/6013890-3x2-940x627.jpg ), 
  anglophiles though ? 
  he could join a party and be vice president or something . 
  then when he accompanies president trump to the uk he winks at everyone and says `` alright ? '', 
  the thing is while he is a rich elite prick , he 's a rich elite prick that is n't in the same circles as the real rich elite pricks that like to control everything . 
  when the left wing laughs with the sun ... 
   caucasian russian was confused for a second because i only ever see `` caucasian '' used as an incorrect blanket term , in the us , for ethnic european people . 
  then i remembered you meant the caucasus, 
  well the fact there 's a war on makes it seem unnecessary to treat it like somewhere where there is n't a war , like paris , or brussels or london . 
  not that any life lost in turkey is n't the same as a life lost elsewhere ( though i should n't really have to declare this ), 
  is there any point doing it in cases where the location is having a cival war ? 
  if they 're his `` close friends '' are they not just joking ? 
  what a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  for many the migrant crisis was the last straw, 
  i 'm fairly sure the tories in the uk get shat on for wanting to compete with this low corp tax rate . 
  ireland does it ? 
  `` oh they 're progressive '', 
  maybe we should lift the cap on british medical students ? 
  i like how they take pride in a lack of britons there . 
  london is our bitch . 
  we 've funneled so much money into it away from the rest of the uk . 
  we 'll never allow it to be independent now is the time to bleed the fucker out, 
  there 's an amon amarth song about when the vikings invaded ireland, 
  the only reason there is n't a hung parliament is because of this referendum promise, 
  they needed to specify a huge number before the vote . 
  to late now . 
  well if remain wins by 62 % , according to http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/politics/eu_referendum/results and leave gets 38 % of the vote , leave gets the majority by 12 % . 
  i think you mean the difference between 62 and 38 is 24 , which is right , but in this case there 's only two options . 
  so they win by 12 % . 
  probably used the wrong lexis , i probably meant a 12 % swing or something . 
  but that 's the difference between the sides . 
  i would 've thought spain would offer those millions of brits living there citizenship . 
  it would fuck up spain if they were forced out/charged more for visas . 
  remain in scotland only won by 12 %, 
  comments like this is why leave was disenfranchised . 
  its everyone 's fault . 
  well done, 
  his dad is scottish , james bond grew up in england from aged ten after living internationally up until then . 
   based on how they voted yeah , half the uk has more in common with spain too, 
   it 's a pretty terrible analogy to make . 
  i was thinking in the sense of whether it 'll affect the country with 8 % of the population suddenly vanishing, 
  did n't his grandchild fuck kids ? 
  is n't that the equivalent to most european countries war casualties during the second world war ? 
  i did think it was a good chunk of the population in the stands alone . 
  that would 've made a great opening for the euro . 
  is n't the point of leaving supposed to make the uk seem less attractive to certain people though ? 
  i 'd rank them lower than auschwitz during its prime . 
  til italians are n't white, 
  `` free healthcare '' k. european health card gone out of date ? 
  last time i checked british residents paid national insurance , when they go abroad our nhs pays whichever healthcare system that treats them . 
   to be honest if spain and portugal started throwing out brits on the back of them being too indolent to learn the language , i 'd laugh especially with all that corruption like building i 'll legal golf resorts on national parks , such as the one just outside of almeria , which must 've wasted so much money and now exists as a concrete skeleton of a ruin , would be mad to say no to all the free wonga being pumped into the economy . 
  though i think people who move there should learn spanish . 
   southern europe gets the laziest of the lot , since it 's so close and thanks to freedom of movement . 
  also cheaper , so fuck the poor ? 
  i 've always liked spain . 
  fascinated by things like siestas compared to in northern europe . 
  only been on holiday there though . 
  i did spanish at school so i know a few phrases but not really fluent . 
  i thought most of the arseholes are people who go clubbing for two weeks , rather than people who move there . 
  they 're also smaller countries though, 
  even in china they 're cramped into coastal areas, 
  why de-desertfy it ? 
  desert only means a lack of rainfall rather than stuff like sand dunes and unstable ground etc, 
  thats the first time i 've seen the bank of england referred to as `` uk central bank '', 
   i think the meter is spelled metre too . 
  we spell it `` meter '' in the context of a gas meter . 
  metre for measurements . 
  english is n't even official in england or blanket-uk-wide . 
  i believe it 's only an official language in wales . 
  protecting `` australian speakers '' from persecution .
