  turkey has shameful parts in their history but only turkish nationalists live in denial . 
  greece is one border away from turkey and yet the price gets doubled . 
  must be tariffs or something . 
  oh my mistake then, 
  another misleading and clickbaiting post . 
  was n't washington post the one who bluntly took out of context pewdiepie 's jokes and call him out as anti semitic just for click baiting ... ? 
  a graph that shows absolutely nothing . 
  peace does n't mean prosperity and after ww2 the world has figured out other means to push political agendas than waging wars . 
  also the absence of war on european soil is more attributed to the cold war policy than the eu . 
  stop with this bullshit propaganda . 
  very atmospheric, 
  portugal is on a winning streak, 
  have you ever considered not to meddle with subreddits you do n't like ? 
  also enjoy the ban, 
  `` anti darwinists '' , people who cant accept that we are related to apes by going `` ape '' about evolution theory . 
  shit 's on fire yo, 
  thanks for the laugh, 
  the real culprit is gruevski who prefers to provoke a civil war than step down from power . 
  naval blockade the straits . 
  everyone should go a little belgium once in a while . 
  elect no one then , everybody wins . 
  omg the number of butthurt people here downvoting without a proper reason is insane , all because they ca n't swallow the reality of the situation . 
  you think that 's the case here ? 
  not the fact that europe was in ruins , rest of the world left in disarray while the allies had already spent themselves beating the nazis ? 
  the seat of the eu plagued by separatism , oh the irony ... 
  23min late damn !, 
  it is called `` pretence '' . 
  it would be better for the world to keep trump 's incompetence within the us . 
  the balkans need a delicate policy . 
  give this man a cookie, 
  meanwhile its sunny at 24 \u00b0 c here in greece, 
  these are the most average news i 've heard . 
  i disagree on this logic , yet again this is not the case . 
  proof of `` estonia can into nordic '', 
  what has migration got to do with this subject ? 
  i 'm from greece and i can confirm, 
  its one of those things you read on the internet and make you ponder if common sense is actually a super power . 
  how dares he !, 
  give this man a cookie, 
  well everyone was betting that the grexit would be the first one to happen , yet here we are with a brexit . 
  not saying that it ai n't a possibility though . 
  great equaliser if you live in the 18th century ... 
  the us electoral college is severely outdated at best . 
  if anything its the us who should simulate with different systems . 
  ca n't we all just stop with the warmongering talk and seek out a peaceful diplomatic approach ? 
  lol @ photo, 
  i do n't get the georgia reference :p, 
  well we are full of surprises . 
  ... and in many ways ... 
  dear god , they are awful at mobas . 
  ... someone had to say it :p, 
  that 's what she said ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  indeed , it is the belief of `` my enemy 's enemy is my ally '' . 
  why destroy it and not keep it for museum display though ? 
  these albanian connections seem way off, 
  so that 's why the ottomans couldnt conquer vienna . 
  they could n't find it on the map . 
  he looks like a paladin :p, 
  this is how hungarians football fans * see europe, 
  i do n't know where you have been educated but clearly you have read history totally wrong . 
  i was about to write the same . 
  ah the memories ... !, 
  being democratic is one thing being progressive is another . 
  a democratic state , as a self regulated sociopolitical system , can choose by it 's own when the time is right to open up to other cultures or to new ideas . 
  its usually the tyranny of minorities that leads to instability . 
  if you force things prematurely you end up in conflict and civil unrest . 
  that 's one reason why africa or the middle east are in constant civil wars . 
  as far as its political system is concerned , yes switzerland has the best democracy in the world . 
  i think its the vodka speaking, 
  in non retard units please, 
  in other news , water is 100 % wet, 
  muslims hate gays , what a shock ... 
  unfortunately i do , hence my remark . 
  officials trying to tap into nationalistic utopias isnt new . 
  these idiots however crave for attention and to take them into serious account . 
  it makes me wonder who does this `` burn '' more , the british or the spanish ? 
  `` subtler '' ? 
  who 's the comparison , hitler ? 
  there is no greater albania . 
  there is no megali idea . 
  there is no greater bulgaria . 
  there is no ottoman empire . 
  ignore those extremist nationalists and let 's move on . 
  everyone loves polandball !, 
  thing is that he uses the same bluff as alexis tsipras , our prime minister here in greece , used and has a similar narrative in his pre election promises . 
  and like tsipras i do n't believe he will actually try to have france leave from the eu . 
  but his opposition in the heavily bureaucratic and banking favoured eu may prove beneficial for all . 
  eu at the moment faces many challenges and it needs more countries to raise their voices in order to make the reforms needed to help us overcome the crisis of our time . 
  having france provide that role will help a lot . 
  i could be wrong most likely but i 'm just giving the impressions i have as an outside observer . 
  as a non french i see le pen and macron as wolves dressed as sheep . 
  one being the extreme xenophobic nationalistic populist and the latter being a clear bureaucrat supporting the liberal banking system with the aim to screw up all socialist policies in france . 
  does n't mean that the rest are saints of course but i 'd prefer to see a fillon vs m\u00e9lenchon in 2nd round . 
  i got angela merkel , i feel my whole life is a lie ... 
  girl scouts selling cookies are next !, 
  erdogan got us boys , eu was behind terrorism all along ... 
  ok but where 's the source ? 
  easy there triggered boy , all i am saying is that its in the benefit of all if kosovo remains as it is , at least for the moment . 
  but since you claim to be the all knowledgeable authority here then why the us got involved if kosovo was `` winning '' its independence as you claim ? 
  or was it a coincidence that it happened only after the us dropped a shit tons of bombs on serbia ?
