whereas turkey actually shot down one of his planes in an open act of aggression and under false pretences . 
  just saying that this case is way different than the rest . 
  so gotland is the `` purest '' you can get, 
  `` south park : the stick of truth '' is how i see canada . 
  this photo needs to be redone with country balls on it . 
  lets leave all pretences aside and call this planet europe so everyone can call themselves european and feel self fulfilled . 
  its a win win case . 
  i still do n't get why these `` massive '' protests over a specific university . 
  massive protesting has to do when people 's collective rights are being threatened or over a poor government 's decision on a matter that affects the people as a whole . 
  as an outsider hearing it is something about soros , etc it makes me think if these protests are `` genuine '' or at least `` inflated '' by the media . 
  the reboot is directed by michael bay too . 
  when we talk about ordinary & innocent citizens losing their lives by acts of terrorism there is n't room for political debate . 
  terrorism is condemnable , period . 
  your `` fear '' of decriminalising russia by showing solidarity to the people is completely irrational and that 's were you lose the point . 
  you have a clear anti russian sentiment , which , as i said , it does n't concern me but it makes you not only to lose the picture but actually trying to sweet talk that `` they were russians so they kinda deserved it '' . 
  the problem with your view is that you ca n't seem to separate the government 's sins from the people and it borderlines the idea of excusing clear terrorist acts in favor of some kind of twisted ethics brewed by nationalistic animosities . 
  by this logic no country is innocent and extremism is a valid course to follow . 
  so 9/11 was justified ? 
  so you are implying that acts of solidarity should come with a reciprocity clause ? 
  are you comparing this incident , a terrorist attack , with an airplane flying over a war zone ? 
  and since you brought up the mh17 incident , how many cities/countries actually did show solidarity ? 
  not to mention that there were n't only dutch people aboard . 
  look i 'm not trying to `` defend '' the russians here , only to mock our social construct . 
  `` haters gon na hate '', 
  `` mingplosion '' is imminent . 
  well it is common knowledge that we europeans are hypocrites along time now . 
  this ai n't news . 
  still nothing beats `` deus vult !, 
  welcome to the `` trigger union '' !, 
  are you though ? 
  invade their country and they 'll wave white flags but mess with their crepe and they go full napoleon on you . 
  that 's what i ' d call a clash of cultures, 
  hahaha take this erdogan propaganda elsewhere, 
  +1 holy damage +1 spell shield +5 % spirit buff, 
  `` from the hungarian point of view , the jedi are not evil '', 
  i can easily picture this as a new upcoming meme, 
  he was found innocent after spending 5 years in jail with no clear evidence ... and yet the trial for the member of the neonazi political party , golden dawn , who stabbed pavlos fussas in front of many people is still ongoing after 3 years ... greek justice system ... 
  hungry for `` dick '' ? 
  trump : `` im not into grannies '' erdogan : `` sorry i 'm married '' putin : `` so i 've heard you 're good with the whip ! '', 
  well its called `` hung ( a ) ry '' not `` thirsty '' for a reason ... !, 
  i 'll show myself out, 
  he impaled foreign invaders as far as i know , nothing wrong with that . 
  its either kebab or venice that 's eat them up, 
  yeah , albania did n't exist back then, 
  point 4 is wrong . 
  its the opposite that happened . 
  italy declared war on greece and albania being italy 's vassal state invaded greece . 
  greece though beat them up and turned the offensive liberating north epirus . 
  in 2017 is antisemitism still a thing in europe ... ? 
  there is n't a southern and northern cyprus , but cyprus . 
  its northern territory is illegally occupied . 
  cyprus joined as a whole in the eu , so yes even the northern territory is eu soil . 
  and whatever cyprus does it legally binds the entire island . 
  i think we are still the same racist but not towards albanians anymore since we got used of them , like when we were racist with russian/pontics before them . 
  i think the current `` racist trend '' has shifted to refugees and people from pakistan . 
  in other words , `` china gives us money so we are their bitch too '' . 
  that can be said for every pm greece had , oh well, 
  fyrom , not macedonia, 
  well unless they want an eu or nato membership , they will certainly have to cease this provocative behavior . 
  also they need to start mass producing tin foil hats ... 
  why are things depressing lately ? 
  italy = illuminati confirmed, 
  the union itself , as in legally wise , is economic . 
  taxation , national defense , foreign policy , migration issues , etc are still each state 's own business . 
  eu cant get involved unless the treaties permit it . 
  ofc there is a political alignment in all eu members as they share the same goals mostly , but the eu it self ca n't force anyone to do anything as it is . 
  also supporting a multi speed `` federal '' eu is a contradiction by itself . 
  lastly , my remark was that its something distant away and out of reach , not a time measurement . 
  first of all , i called your statement dumb not you personally . 
  and it was a frank remark , no temper whatsoever . 
  secondly you mix different things . 
  not all treaties have the same function . 
  but i wo n't bother to elaborate on that cause i 'm too bored atm . 
  lastly have fun killing nazis , wolfenstein is great , 
  no , eu 's purpose is to achieve peace , prosperity and stability to the european continent , not unification aka dispose nation states . 
  that 's also mentioned within the treaties themselves . 
  that 's why it has stayed an economic union , if anything , so far . 
  also all referendums held for a more unified eu , like the so called `` eu constitution '' , were negative according to popular vote . 
  you may be fond of the idea but if we also take into account the rise of euroscepticism and an eu member leaving already , a federal eu is light years away . 
  do you live on planet earth ? 
  have you ever read history ? 
  how treaties work and apply ? 
  how nato withstood the test of time and in great success ? 
  as a side note ww1 triggered treaties less reliable than nato 's and yet many died on foreign soil too . 
  `` federal eu '' however is just a pro-eu fanatic 's wet dream , nothing more . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read in this subreddit . 
  also turkey is a nato member too . 
  nato treaty has no application for inter disputes . 
  turkey joining eu would supposedly fix this issue among other things but that seems out of the question nowadays . 
  nothing . 
  legally treaties apply for future events . 
  practically though no one will fight russia openly for crimea . 
  also nato is a defense pact , not an offensive alliance . 
  cyprus is as much asian as malta is an african one ... 
  putin is n't a communist . 
  if anything he would be more fond of a russian empire . 
  that has no logic , nor has turkey 's veto . 
  if anything it shows turkey 's attempt to mend relations with russia . 
  nailed it, 
  i sense a trap , specifically a guillotine .
