rightful german clay, 
  good for ukraine slava ukrayina, 
   1 ) what has this to do with language . 
  i said the latvian economy will never reach the same place as germany or the uk or america because latvian is not a heavily spoken language so less multinational corporations will invest and start operations there  2 ) what wrong with slightly less populated country ? 
  well dramatically less , and the primary reason is the ratio of taxpayers to dependents . 
  as the population declines and young people leave/reproduce less there will be less working age people to pay tax and more old people who need pensions and public services and the state risks becoming insolvent . 
   no one should be forced to stay and live a poor life if he can get a better life elsewhere . 
  agreed . 
  how would you like me to deal with it ? 
  i do n't beat people up but i am entitled to my opinions and values and i probably could n't be close with someone if i knew they did that but i will always treat them with respect unless they disrespect me by throwing that shite in my face . 
  i know it 's shocking that a young european person has different views than you on social issues , but desk with it . 
  the world is n't a leftist echo chamber . 
  maybe social conservatism becoming more prominent is a silver lining of the rapid growth of british muslims in the coming years . 
  no , and i 'm having a few . 
  i suppose i am . 
  do what you want in your home but i do n't want me or little children knowing about it , basically my same view towards people into bdsm, 
  you 're being pedantic, 
  no , i do n't because they 're normal, 
  i think it is something that should be kept private , i find it indecent . 
  pressuring countries to bend to your will because you 're presumptuous enough to think that you 're values are better is imperialistic as fuck . 
  imperialism is n't just marching over the border with tanks . 
  they have a different conception of what ` human rights ' entails ( disclosure if it 's not obvious : i agree with russia on the gay issue ) and it 's neither better nor worse than yours . 
  it feels like imperialism, 
  like ` open society ' initiatives ? 
  i just do n't see why it 's a pressing problem . 
  governments are the ones who assert power , you ca n't whinge about it all you want but if you go to russia and whinge about it they 're within their rights to do whatever it is they do to you . 
  we ignore it unless it serves our interests not to ignore it , which is why my country is cozying up to beijing and firmly in bed with the arab states of the persian gulf . 
  that 's fine , but it is n't your place to do anything about it until it hits your borders or your allies borders . 
  well i mean the receiving country definitely has the authority but that 's a whole other debate . 
  latvian living standards are increasing for now but simply because of their language they will never have the same opportunities as berlin or london so young people will continue to move . 
  i understand why politicians are so eager to join the euand get the free movement , it improves the economy and voters like it but what is the point if eventually the country empties out . 
  some eastern countries are projected to lose up to half their population by 2050/2060 and have average ages in the 50s, 
  no , i was saying that their views and laws do not preclude their european-ness because being european is about location and ethnicity not values . 
  the free movement of labour definitely does a disservice to the long term demographic prospects of places in eastern europe . 
  globalisation has nothing to do with being culturally imperialistic and imposing your values onto a foreign state . 
  if they 're in the eu ( and about half of it actually ) their values are just as much eu values as some leftist commune in hamburg . . 
  those borders are very real , because within them is where the government exerts force and its will . 
  slavs are a european ethnicity so yes they are of course european . 
  there is no question that in both ancestry and location most russians are european people . 
  russian in the same way that jfk was irish or actual russian born in russia ? 
   hopefully they will all die out soon and better views will become prevalent when the older generation dies out latvia will have 8 people with your low fertility and high emigration ... 
  russia does n't claim to be a liberal democracy, 
  american flag ? 
  european is a geographic designation , by definition the majority of russians are both ethnically european slavs who live west of the ural mountains . 
  i do n't think they have a desire to subscribe to the eu 's view of rights and values . 
  we can talk about coulda shoulda but the bottom line is that slobodan milosevic would have never gotten that much power to incite croatian and bosnian serbs to rebel if not for what happened in kosovo, 
  their conception of human rights is different and you knew that when you accepted their membership into the european union . 
  their values are just as european as yours now . 
  sure , it does n't make it your business . 
  the russian people have a right to do whatever they want in their country , as long as it does n't spill into another it 's not your or my business if they go full saudi arabia and start hanging gays, 
  [ watch the first part of this really great bbc documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oodjsdlosyo ), 
  you let them in knowing full well their views on these issues, 
  they do n't have to let them in to their country , no, 
  in their country sure , i do n't have to like it, 
  i say it about lots of other stuff . 
  if it does n't affect british trade interests or affect my country i do n't care . 
  it was the same for the afghanistan invasion , 9/11 did n't happen in the uk so i was n't interested in invading , or the actions in yugoslavia since it did n't have an effect on our life . 
  i could n't care what happens in someone else 's borders . 
  i want trade and to be friendly with the whole world . 
  i was born here , i have no choice . 
  i 'm catholic , these are my values . 
  plenty of catholics , and british muslims feel similarly . 
  anti natalist * , i am on my mobile . 
  spell check . 
   how many babies do you plan to have ? 
  i 'm one of 3 , i would like to have about 3 . 
   the more you have , the more you contribute to global warming . 
  it wo n't matter how hot the earth is if humanity dies out because because of your nihilistic anti natalist philosophy . 
   nice to see youve stopped pretending you werent talking about \u00a8 demographics \u00a8 at least demographics , you know like a population pyramid and the fact that our countries are aging ...  what would that entail ? 
  our militaries blockading unregistered boats in the med . 
  not letting any irregular traffic past , including sinking boats . 
  i 'm not in favour of war either unless it 100 % serves our interests ( money and trade ) and wo n't create a blowback ( refugees to europe and bombs going off in the tube ) . 
  we are countries , it is our job to serve our national interest not bother with others internal affairs . 
  what is my solution to what ? 
  global warming ? 
  environmental regulations in my country but aside from that we ca n't stop russia or china so it is going to happen anyhow . 
  the demographic problem ? 
  have more babies . 
  the migration issue ? 
  actually defend our borders , like really defend them . 
   cause a lot of people to migrate whether you like it or not . 
  what is your solution ? 
  just because they try to get here does n't mean are obliged to let them in . 
  ' i do n't like the weather ' is does not give you a right to live in another country , if that was the case i would leave scotland and get refugee status in san diego . 
   sanctions , etc. 
  are way to put pressure on other countries without really lifting a finger . 
  sanctions also inhibit our ability to trade and cost us money . 
  only in very dire cases should sanctions be applied ( i.e. 
  an invasion ), 
  that 's is all fine and well , but you 're not really replying to what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that the german government does not support it , and that should be quite plain to say that it is not required to be following the treaties . 
  not really our business , i 'm more concerned about friendly trade relations not their personal social values . 
  ` my opinions are more valid because you 're stupid easterners who need to learn the progressive values of * troo yuropeens * ' if you did n't want their opinions , you should n't have let them in the union ... but now pis in poland 's view on gays is just as european as the view of gays that the social democrats in sweden have . 
   heres a fun fact for you : if global warming continues to increase global warming is out of our control as long as russia and china exist . 
   so i could have a baby , and that baby will grow up to propagate global warming with his or her carbon footprint , but if easing migration is your goal ... ` babies are literally killing the planet !!, 
  ! 1111 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ' the issue you 're talking about is a purely border control issue , which can be solved regardless . 
  our politicians use the low birthrate as an excuse to import people because ` someone has to pay our pensions ' , without that there is no justification . 
  just because people migrate , does n't mean we have to take them . 
   seriously though , how can you say that foreign intervention should never happen ? 
  unless it starts hitting your borders aka a flood of gay refugees romaningg westwards by the 10s of thousands then no .
