  maybe if the ni unionist parties moderated themselves quite a bit they could field scottish candidates especially in the border regions . 
  i said this in another post . 
  i agree with the greens here in britain on green issues but not much else . 
  i do n't see green politics at odds with conservatism when you remember that to be conservative means to want to * conserve * . 
  time to reopen some claims on the electorate of hannover . 
  we can take the duchy of normandy too while we 're at it . 
  it 's good to have some vocal opposition whether you agree with them or not , a parliament need n't be an echo chamber . 
  however ` pan german ' maybe is n't the best wording , when i saw the title i thought that it meant that they had added pan-germanism aka anschlu\u00df to their platform lol . 
  not really , since the us is a federal state whereas the uk is a devolved unitary state . 
  dc ca n't close the texas legislature if it wants , but westminster can disband any of the devolved assemblies . 
  i agree that culturally there is that comparison . 
  there are local cultures in the united states and here but it is nothing like the difference between bulgaria and britain . 
  america would never accept mexico and canada having a say on their internal affairs . 
  the american states can not in any way be compared to european countries . 
  that 's like saying that americans should n't celebrate their history because of what happened to the indians . 
  all of our histories and cultures are valid and worth celebrating both in the uk and in ireland . 
  the famine was n't caused by the plantations , was it ? 
  if you go back far enough everyone has been a victim of oppression , but not everyone uses it as a justification for ethnic cleansing and a permanent chip on their shoulder . 
  i 'm catholic , i believe in jesus and heaven but i do n't believe in all of the dogma of the church . 
  that 's because the religious have more children . 
  i doubt your average german girl wants a lad from the middle east who ca n't even speak german . 
  to say that their past is solely based upon oppression of the irish is a bit ... wrong . 
  they came as settlers that is true but i am pretty sure that the average settler during the plantation was n't there with the intention to oppress catholics . 
  most ulster scots were n't particularly favoured by london either , being that even though they were protestant they were presbyterian . 
  no american led invasions of afghanistan and iraq would mean no arab spring and no syrian war and no isis, 
  the banks that gave mlp loans were private russian banks . 
  no , a lot of what we did to ireland was terrible . 
  but i do n't regret the existence of the ulster scots people . 
  i 'm not english , and i 'm a unionist not a loyalist ( of partial irish heritage and catholic ) from scotland . 
  i know that , but i would still fight for my country just like i have relatives who fought for the falklands , and in ww2 , and ww1 , and the crimean war etc etc, 
   to this country i was talking about the uk, 
  so a party based solely upon unionism ? 
  i 'm proud to be part of a nation with a great history , great institutions and an amazing culture . 
  it 's not just luck that i was born in this country , it 's generations of hard work and sacrifices by my ancestors to make this country strong , prosperous and a nice place to live for the next generation to enjoy and preserve and better for our own children . 
  my god , that victim complex is just astounding . 
  literally from your post history :  as for the other arabs ( i.e. 
  not israeli citizens ) , it sounds harsh but ** i have no problem with expelling them ** or encouraging them to immigrate . 
  in fact gazans would be much happier themselves if they were living in egypt , jordan , germany or another country , and ** we 'd be happier because we 'd be safer and gaza would become developed if jews can control it ** https://np.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/49i7v3/nearly_half_of_jewish_israelis_want_to_expel/d0sedpx?context=3 people like you exist and that is scary, 
  they did n't enable it , they were told ( correctly actually ) that if they lost the war that germany would be lost to communism and be ruined . 
   see , my grandparents were n't stupid people . 
  they were n't inherently bad , either . 
  they certainly were n't out for french or polnish blood . 
   and still , my grandfather got tricked or brainwashed into taking part in a war that was flat out wrong to take part in . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of being out for blood or being tricked . 
  as far as i know most of the boys in the wehrmacht saw themselves as defending germany from communism . 
  i harbour no ill will towards them , the average soldier did n't do anything but fight for their country . 
   you 're saying you feel this connection to your country . 
  would you say that life without it simply would n't be worth living ? 
  because that 's pretty much the only way i can see myself risking my life for something : if living without it would be worse than death . 
  and i have n't found anything or anyone i care that deeply about . 
  if i lost my country ( it was occupied or something ) i would feel the same way you would feel if you lost your mother . 
  i would definitely fight to defend it . 
  see i do n't understand that mentality , i feel a very strong connection to my country and although i do n't think i personally was made to be a soldier i would fight as hard as i could . 
  if the fn was american backed with the same platform i would bet all my money you would n't be screaming fascist . 
  i 'm no fan of putin but to be so obsessed that your username is `` occupythekremlin '' is hillarious , almost as bad as the pro russia trolls on the other side grow up . 
  you would n't die to defend germany ? 
  like if another country invaded you would n't fight ? 
  i come from a military family where my dad , my brother , grandad etc has all served in the british army and i would gladly die defending britain , i would n't be so keen on a foreign war however . 
   yeah and they 're kicking off again over in norn ireland . 
  not really , it 's just the centenary of the easter rising so they 're getting a bit tense . 
   i mean we should n't have settled ireland in the first place the ulster scots have made amazing contributions to this country and the world ( they 've shaped america quite a lot as well ) so yes we should have . 
  what we also should 've done is given ireland home rule when they first asked for it and the whole country would be part of the uk peacefully today . 
  stop trying to start a war with russia . 
  every single big nation funds movements in smaller nations , good example is big american banks are funding the in campaign for the eu referendum because britain under brussels serves corporate interests . 
  everything right of `` no borders no nations '' is fascist is it ? 
  by the way very subtle username . 
  what ? 
  there is nothing wrong with patriotism . 
  i am very patriotic for my country , there 's a difference between chauvinistic type nationalism and loving the place you live and your culture . 
  did you really use patriots as a pejorative ? 
  their programme is in the same realm as ukip or fn in france . 
  nothing too extreme . 
  similar phenomenon in britain , former labour voters defecting to ukip . 
  you obviously are talking out of your arse . 
  quotas refer to distribution within the eu , if someone physically arrives in the country and claims asylum and is a genuine refugee it is against the geneva conventions to send them back . 
  you think people seeking shelter not fortune would actually pass up france when they 're already there ? 
  if they get deported it means they 're not refugees as defined by european law . 
  what do you suggest , let in everyone who wants to move to the uk ? 
  she takes her hand bag , and her wedding ring on her finger . 
  casinos are bad news anyhow , gm crops are terrible , and foreign conglomerates buying mass amounts of land or property as an absentee landlord is never good . 
  if they 've a good shot at being denied refugee status that means they 're not refugees . 
  lbr , they 're trying to get to britain because there 's more work here and more of them speak english than french or german . 
  i know people like this irl , my neighbourhood is crawling with them they 're not in it to rob people it 's all politics . 
  that 's why it is suspicious to me . 
  i thought the coups were nationalist oriented ? 
  no they got robbed mostly likely by crooked cops but it seems like a frame up against the right wing bogeyman . 
  do n't insult refugees by calling the people in calais that . 
  if they were refugees they would have registered in france by now . 
  they 're only wearing it because now they 're allowed too . 
  it just does n't seem realistic . 
  the northern ireland conflict is completely incomparable that 's a sectarian thing localised in neighbourhoods not nf type stuff . 
  saddam hussein was n't really a secularist , he definitely had some islamic leanings but yes i would absolutely choose him over democratically elected islamists . 
  better example is that i would choose the autocracy of the shah of persia over khomeini and the islamic republic any day . 
  they 're generally not known for stunts like this ? 
  their attacks are political not robbery oriented . 
  they could rob an elderly person of colour out for a stroll if they felt so inclined . 
  the cops ca n't even go into the jungle camps without riot gear but somehow skinheads got in and robbed people ? 
  seems odd . 
  i 'm scottish , they 'll never stop . 
  if the government wants to make independence irrelevant they will federalise the uk .
