   you think a country committing genocide should be accepted by the rest of the world ? 
  nobody is committing genocide against gays , but countries commit genocide every day around the world . 
  we are n't the police . 
  i just want to trade , do whatever you want in your borders and let 's keep a professional commerce relationship . 
  the german government disagrees that gay marriage is necessary to be in good standing with european treaties . 
  the eu is basically ` germany and her vassals ' so what they do is a pretty good marker of what is acceptable . 
   worse values that 's exactly how they feel about your values . 
  whether you like or not , you let them in . 
  i would n't have let the eastern states in for other reasons but now that they 're in their values and viewpoints are just as valid as yours . 
  have children with whomever you want , but have children because we need taxpayers . 
  i would rather people already living in europe have children so we do n't need immigrants , yes . 
   how would one prepare for this outcome ? 
  keep your savings in gbp # , invest in britain . 
  this means war . 
  you 're the only one who brought up race , you seem like you 're very fun at parties ... keep clutching your pearls in faux outrage nancy . 
  everyone is a person , but it is n't really your concern if an eastern country has different values than you . 
  you can say it is against ` european values ' but we let the former eastern bloc into the union so their values * are * european values . 
  just like if you let turkey or russia in , what ak p or united russia believes would be european values too . 
  not really your business to be honest , do n't go all godwin 's law on me . 
  people are entitled to their own values . 
  yes , the serb nationalist fervour did n't start until it became known that albanians were pushing serbs out of kosovo . 
   you ca n't discriminate by sexuality though and by not allowing homosexuals the access to marriage you 're doing just that that 's really a matter of interpretation whether marriage is some kind of inherent right . 
  even germany disagrees with you . 
  muh carbon footprints . 
  the world is n't overpopulated, 
   some sort of towie fetish deviancy of the highest order , lol, 
  the charter does n't mean you have to like gays , it just means you ca n't persecute them . 
   i have no desire whatsoever for a backward , uninformed , intolerant arse-wipe to move next door and consider me some sort of `` plague victim '' even without free movement you do n't think these kind of people live in your country already as native born citizens ? 
  they may keep it quiet but millions of westerners have the same opinions . 
  it 's not really your business what your neighbour thinks . 
  to be honest i dislike free movement but the bright side is if we get inundated with poles maybe they can bring some values here that will rub off on the population . 
  calm down princess . 
  jinkies !, 
  it certainly does n't help . 
  i do n't think i 've ever looked specifically for ` scottish ' porn lol, 
  a state formed on terrorism , in which terrorising a part of the population , destroying their churches , forcing them into what essentially are ghettoes and driving them from their homeland part of the national culture and is pretty much the entire basis for the state . 
  it was kosovo albanians that started the entire yugoslav conflict , when serbs complained to milosevic in the 80s that they were being pushed out by albanians . 
  there is nothing in eu treaties about gay marriage or any of that , trying to impose swedish/dutch viewpoints on poland or slovakia is a bit ... imperialist imo . 
  no but i think it 's a bit of a problem . 
  less people having heterosexual intercourse means less people creating children . 
  half of kosovo 's serbs have been driven out . 
  kosovo is a mafia run terrorist state . 
  why do you people care how they feel in their own country ? 
  we should have made malta and cyprus part of the uk proper . 
  you ca n't erase history , you learn from it , you lament the bad and remember the good and you move on . 
  google it at your own risk , it 's disgusting . 
  i prefer it * not * to be in english , like the czech ones . 
  i do n't know what they 're saying but damn is it hot . 
  you people are weird , you all speak english why do you need dutch language porn , what 's with the ethnic fetishes around holland ? 
  also farts ? 
  maybe they just do n't want to see it ? 
  do n't agree with the law but it 's a perfectly valid position . 
  this man is stupid for running , he will just take votes away from fn . 
   coming back from syria is n't illegal to go as a combatant for an organisation which france is at war with certainly is . 
  that person did n't even live in the russian empire , it was the polish lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it goes to show that people who saw themselves as speakers of russian and russians have lived in the territory of ukraine for a long time , not just since the 1930s . 
  so what you 're saying is that there were somehow muscovite identifying russophones in the west of ukraine in the 1600s , but southeastern ukraine literally a few miles from the undeniably russian city of rostov on don was 100 % pure ukrainian speakers who had no identification with russia ? 
  really ? 
   modern borders are more or less the border between the two nations that developed from the proto nation but they are n't , because there are significant amounts of people in the donbass that speak russian and identify themselves as russians and there are native russian speaking communities throughout the country . 
  one i can think of offhand as a historical example is ivan fyodorov , from ostrog ( then poland-lithuania , now ukraine ) who called himself a muscovite and was the first person to translate the bible into russian . 
  there 's no such place as ` malvinas ', 
  i thought it was utrecht that was your oxford ? 
   and the russian propaganda has really taken a toll on your knowledge of ukrainian history . 
  of course the kievan rus ' was part of ukrainian history , just like it was a part of russian history . 
  yes , because it was physically in the ukraine but it was not an expression of ** specifically ** ukrainian nationhood . 
   but the ukrainian language developed much earlier than 18th century i 'm aware , i 'm saying a national consciousness of any sort did not even begin to develop until then . 
  afaik the ukranian and russian languages are on a continuum ( i.e. 
  the farther east you go the more mutually intelligible russian and ukrainian are ) but that 's beside the point , until very recent times 2 neighbour villages spoke differently . 
  what i am trying to convey is that russian speakers have been in the territory of modern ukraine since significantly before the development of the idea of ` the ukrainian people ' as a completely different nation . 
  before the advent of that , i 'm sure the people in donetsk felt more kinship with people in rostov-on-don ( part of the same country at the time ) than with people in galicia who probably felt closer to poles and magyars . 
  i 'm not too educated on law faculties nor on unis in general but i 've always seen st andrews and edinburgh as a step above when it comes to pure prestige . 
  i 'm from glasgow and worked around the university for awhile and a lot of the students seem to be local , from other parts of the uk , or the typical internationals ( i.e. 
  chinese , indians . . ) whereas i know st andrews attracts lots of the kinds of foreigners who do n't need to go abroad for a good education like aussies and americans as well as royalty obviously which indicates to me an internationally great reputation and i know edinburgh specifically is a big deal for politics and economics studies . 
   australia pretty much did n't have an indigenous population in these lands , that 's kind of where the majority of abos were ...  the aboriginal peoples were extremely scattered and without a society , they had a society , a primitive one yes but i could probably say that about every country east of germany to be honest . 
   unlike the ukrainians , who had a long self-conscious cultural history . 
  unless you really want to stretch and call kievan rus an expression of ukrainian nationalism , the first mentions of the ukrainian people as a seperate people from russians or belarussians is in the 18th century with cossack nationalism ... and it was n't widespread at all . 
  by that time the aborgines in australia had formed an entire new language and cultural traditions with thousands of years of records . 
  come on now . 
   now that is getting close to fundamentally sick . 
  you 'll find that most countries who had an empire regret it 's fall . 
   please , the only reason you think there is a very thin border between russians and ukrainians is centuries of russian propaganda on the issue . 
  or maybe because it was part of the empire for centuries and the border was fluid ? 
   donbass becoming a majority russian area happened directly after a crime against humanity - the holodomor . 
  and no , international law as such began in the 1860s and mostly in the 1890s with most notably the preamble of the second hague convention of 1899 or the `` martens clause '' criminalizing such crimes against humanity . 
  so around the same time that colonisation into the interior of australia really kicked off , the colonisation that aussies should feel no guilt for according to you . 
   one thing is to be proud of the empire itself , another is to be proud on conquering and oppressing other nations and to actually justify it as it was a good thing or something . 
  the empire did a lot of bad things but i and most other british people believe it did more good than bad , and if i could bring it back right now it would n't even be a question . 
   it 's as distinct as the germans and the dutch ... 
  i do n't think you 'd feel the same way if the same happened between those two my point exactly , germans and dutch exist on a spectrum and the borders have been fluid for most of history . 
  germans in aachen had an easier time understanding limburgers ( dutch ) than they did bavarians until the dialects faded out and german and dutch were standardised . 
  culturally someone from the northwest of germany is very similar to a dutchman , and i would n't be able to tell the two apart from a blood test . 
   that happened before the implementation of international law in the modern sense . 
  please learn such difference before you make idiotic claims . 
  so did movement of people from russia proper into the current donbass region . 
  during the russian empire many people moved there because of the coal mines , even if you want to be a revisionist and believe it was 100 % pure ukrainian before the soviet union , the event which you call the holodomor happened in the 1930s before the implementation of modern international law , which is a function of the post war settlement and the un . 
   besides , the australians and new zealanders and americans and canadians actually feel the guilt of what they 've done to the indigenous peoples and offer indigenous autonomies etc. 
  russians really are nothing like that , they still justify and glorify their colonial shit . 
  well [ we britons are still proud of the empire ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news / uk/politics/british-people-are - proud-of-colonialism-and-the-british-empire-poll-finds-a6821206 . html ) , but regardless does one really have to feel hereditary guilt ? 
  i know it predates the soviet union , but it is not as if they are two radically distinct people . 
  it is a recent divergence unlike say spanish and polish .
