   the difference is that the irish did n't move to scotland as part of a colonization process . 
  that 's what russia did - they starved the people in ukraine and brought their own population to replace them . 
  now they demand rights . 
  well we are going to disagree on what constitutes colonisation but for the purpose of this i will concede your premise that it is ` colonised land ' ... so the fuck what ? 
  do white aussies or kiwis or americans have no rights because their ancestors came in a process of colonisation ? 
  i do n't do hereditary ethnic guilt , sorry . 
  imagine how much more it would be if any of them could freely get in their car and drive to europe visa free . 
  the divergence of the east slavic ethnicities into seperate nations ( not in the state sense , but seeing themselves as seperate people ) is not too old . 
  ukrainians and russians are genetically almost identical , the difference is cultural . 
  there is no way to know if the russians in eastern ukraine are ethnic ukrainians who speak russian and identify culturally more with russia , or if they 're russians originating in russia proper ( a place whose borders were fluid for most of history ) . 
  i suspect a bit of both . 
  whether they 're indigenous or not in that sense does n't really matter , the irish are n't indigenous to scotland ... does that mean that scots of irish background should not have had a say on the question of scottish independence ? 
  kurds coming in large numbers to apply for asylum, 
  every source is biased , but does it flat out lie ? 
  frontex wo n't turn people back anyhow , they 're a glorified ferry service . 
  the raf in germany was a group of communist terrorists in the late 60s - early 70s, 
  well , it 's still oxford and cambridge but i think for scotland specifically it is st andrews and edinburgh . 
  we have newspapers of course but in english television etc there is real debate up here in scotland it is just a circlejerk with the snp saying ` scotland loves the eu endofstory ', 
  charlie hebdo was what i was talking about . 
  france would be a pretty boring hexagonal landmass with not much to offer without french culture , french culture comes from ( ethnic ) french people ... 
  in addition frankly those kind of demographics just make me uncomfortable , it 's the same reason i would n't spend time in certain parts of london . 
  at least here in the uk it 's confined to london and a few other english cities , france it 's everywhere unless you go to the middle of nowhere . 
   you ca n't keep growing forever for the whole of human history that is what we have been doing . 
  whether it is intentional or not , the demographic realities are concerning . 
  if those statistics are true there is no reason to visit france , morocco is cheaper ... 
  the paris attackers were attacking the right to blaspheme . 
  we have freedom of speech , and of religion ( or lack thereof ) . 
  whether they intended to attack ` free speech ' as a concept or to kill those who insulted their prophet is irrelevant . 
  the intended result was that we would be too scared to do it again . 
  no eurosceptic viewpoints are presented in scottish media . 
  je suis feeling the result of 80 years of oppressing kurds, 
  not really good news , it 's all from increased migration in western europe not because we are suddenly responsible . 
   all the legacy of the border lines drawn by the british empire . 
  the way we drew the borders did n't cause you to invade iraq and bully us into joining you . 
  the way we drew the borders did n't cause you to fund and train the mujahideen in afghanistan to fight the soviets , which became the taliban . 
   you mess got worse after you abandoned it we did n't * abandon * it , we lost all of our money and ability to administer it in the war . 
  would you rather if we had accepted germany 's numerous overtures for peace and saved ourselves the trouble and deaths and kept the empire ? 
   we loaned uk money so they could rebuild , and you did . 
  thanks . 
   paid back in full . 
  so we owe you nothing . 
   do n't you dare look down on the us for how we decide to clean the mess you made . 
  `` you left the house a bit messy but when we came in we defecated on the carpet but that does n't matter because you 're the one who made the mess to begin with so dont judge us stars and stripes forever ! 1111 !!!, 
  ! 11  you have no moral high ground we have plenty since we are no longer an imperial power . 
   this attitude is precisely why this relationship is breaking down . 
  i 'm actually very glad it is . 
  our empire did some bad things , but we also brought enrichment and culture and education to many places and we gave so much to this world . 
  the american empire has brought none of the schools or missions or complex modern legal framework ... only drone strikes and millions displaced . 
  feeling a connection to the diaspora is n't a bad thing , i do n't know a lot about my ( scotland 's ) diaspora too much but i know i feel a special connect to places where there are a lot of scots descendants like northern ireland or new zealand because we are all a family . 
  kurds are about 1/5 of turkey , there are millions in istanbul alone and the se of turkey is uniformly kurdish . 
  armenians were much less demographically prominent . 
  even if the turkish state wanted to do that they would n't be able too without bombs going off every hour in every turkish city . 
   if there was one organization that deserved castration , it was the british empire if there is one organisation that deserves castration , it 's the united states . 
  if he is camping . 
  i do n't know about foreign workers but afaik russia has millions of indigenous muslims and non ethnic nationalities within its borders . 
  what ? 
  you really think grown men need an image of how to have sexual intercourse with a woman ? 
  at least if you wait in a glasgow public toilet long enough you might get to have a bit of fun , none of that in europe . 
  * oh * now i get it , lol, 
  bono is from dublin , he does n't really have much of a say in the matter unless he is resident in the uk ( irish people are treated the same as british citizens in regards to voting rights in our country because of our shared history ) . 
  the better option is always more appealing . 
  just because some colonials 300 years ago made a rule does not mean that it is correct . 
  a lot of things were simply not allowed back then that we decided should be allowed , like being a catholic here in the uk ( i 'd be fucked ) . 
  out of matters of practicality , such a state would be unable to exercise any sovereignty anyhow . 
  i ca n't think of one enclave outside of european microstates that has done well . 
  the fact that the us does n't have the concept of voting to leave and it is simply not allowed is wrong . 
  i do n't want to be dramatic but an example of this is * before 1920 the us government did n't have a concept of female suffrage , it simply was n't allowed * . 
  the city of london is one square mile , you mean greater london ? 
  no and that is because london is surrounded by the rest of england and londoners can not be said to constitute a nation in the same way , some us states can like texas or hawaii . 
  however 26 of ireland 's 32 counties did , scotland came within 5 % of doing so and wales and england can too . 
  i would n't want the uk to break up and consider unionism very important to my political views but i think if that 's the democratic will of the people it must be done . 
  it 's like hotel california lol it just still seems anti democratic , if an overwhelming majority of texas ( 60 % + , not 50 +1 we see what happens when a place is divided half and half on the national question in northern ireland ) wanted to leave it is an affront to democracy and the values which the united states purports . 
  i love it as much as i love the smell of a glasgow public toilet . 
  it is a distinct thing . 
  even with your court cases , i watch american law & order sometime with my gran and they will say ` the people v john johnson ' but here we would say ` the crown v john johnson ' . 
   as someone from deep in the south , i can say that question was settled 150 years ago . 
  once you 're in you 're in . 
  so it is anti-democratic , they fought a war against popular will . 
   the german people are n't my family they are just people with which i have a lot in common culturally . 
  well if you 're talking about germans as in ethnic germans they are your relatives , just distant ones . 
  yes that 's the distinction . 
  it 's all top down , the very basis of british law is that the crown is sovereign and as we developed democratically the crown exercises it 's power through parliament ( that 's why david cameron would never say ` my government ' always * her majesty 's * government ) so in order to change that we would have to change the very foundation of the state . 
  but is n't that a bit anti-democratic ? 
  i mean out of practicality i could see why nebraska could n't leave even if it was financially able too but if texas , or hawaii , or alaska , or california wanted too i do n't see why they should n't be able to go . 
   israel represents civilisation , iran represents anti-civilisation . 
  that is the key difference . 
  furthermore , israel is not occupying anyone . 
  it is holding onto its own land that muslims invaded and wish to establish sharia law in . 
  israel 's own land is the 1948 green line , everything else is occupied . 
  even america affirms this . 
   only gypsy suffering is comparable to jewish suffering . 
  nobody else i 'm done . 
  poland and the soviet union lost many more people , the serbs were gassed in croat concentration camps . 
   the un is an ugly anti-semitic organisation and israel does n't care . 
  i 'm sure israel will care ** when ( not if ) ** the un puts an arms , trade and oil embargo on israel . 
  i hope my government rescinds relations with that state . 
   nobody has a right to islamist and violent self-determination . 
  well violence is wrong but if israel was invaded and illegally occupied by iran for almost 50 years would you be violent ? 
  i 'm sure you would . 
  if they want an islamist government in their own country that 's their prerogative .
