  you think they do n't know what an erection is and the basic mechanics ? 
  you realise that syria had internet access and the arab world consumes a lot of online porn right ? 
  i see no real good reason why you are n't one country , or at least bavaria should be part of austria . 
  i have heard that munich is more like vienna culturally than berlin . 
  i 'm sure they know how to have sex , the illustrations were unnecessary . 
  that is true , take part of switzerland and south tyrol while you 're at it . 
  because its meaningless ? 
  volkswagen , and ford have a nazi affiliated past too . 
  it is a very common saying in english when someone states the obvious . 
  `` water is wet '' `` sky is blue '' `` bears shit in the woods '', 
  `` my party losing votes is a problem '', 
  i 'm not a scottish independence supporter obviously but if we voted to leave i think that should be respected , i think the same should apply to any us state ... self determination and all . 
  which one ? 
  how so and what constitutes jew hatred ? 
  enlighten me because you currently sound like a child screaming `` you smell '' repeatedly . 
  the french of back then and the english of back then are pretty similar , thanks william the conqueror !, 
  we can make holland and flanders part of the uk too , and denmark as recompense for the whole danelaw business . 
  what constitutes jew hatred ? 
  is jewish noam chomsky ( who i ca n't stand , not a lefty ) a jew hater ? 
  what constitutes jew hatred for you ? 
  anything less than marco rubio pledging fealty to israel ? 
  we fought to defeat fascism , if it were just to preserve our independence we would have accepted peace when hitler offered it during the blitz . 
  how about when we took in thousands of jewish children during the kindertransport ? 
  we did n't have to do that when canada and america were turning them away . 
  i know , my country 's position was made clear when we gave up our empire and status as a first rate power and bankrupted ourselves to fight a war against the nazis . 
  the whole world is out to get you , it 's not all in your head the voices are real !, 
  people like you who scream `` nazi '' at every critique of israel do your cause no favours . 
  my position is pretty much the standard european position . 
  the german one ? 
  it would agitate most people it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  in other news , water is still wet . 
  not really at all . 
  i happen to really like jewish people and ( diaspora at least ) jewish culture . 
   austria we want you back < 3 without prussia those would be some ugly borders lol, 
  nafta does not include nearly the same kind of interference in internal affairs as the eu . 
  look at the ukip results in the north of england where tory is a dirty word . 
  ukip ate into labour 's majority . 
  [ see here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/labour-figures-admit-underestimating-ukip-threat-cost-them-seats-in-the-general-election-10245479.html ), 
  the swing from labour to ukip is documented as is the swing in france with former socialist strongholds going for le pen, 
  i did n't say that all lefty working class people do n't like immigration , but a significant amount of them do n't and have defected from labour to ukip , or ps to fn ( france ) or die linke to afd ( germany ) as evidenced . 
  i think it 's the same phenomenon with ukip and labour , lefty working class people do n't like immigration . 
  in saxony anhalt they 're second place so they will be the official opposition i reckon . 
  it 's just the kind of opposition you do n't like . 
  why did you put quotations around party ? 
  them being a political party is not even up for debate . 
  [ rightful british clay ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/henry_ii%2c_plantagenet_empire.png ), 
  the point of prisons should be punishment . 
  it should be a horrific experience you never want to repeat . 
  they have an entire manifesto , you just do n't agree with it . 
  so basically they are useless because you disagree with their platform, 
   useless is a subjective statement i hate the party that rules my part of the uk and think they 're good for nothing but many people disagree with me which is why they vote for them, 
  it 's never going to make someone happy that a party they did n't like did well or wins but a viable opposition keeps a parliament from turning into a circlejerk and keeps the government on its toes so to speak . 
  if every party has pretty much similar views then the government can do whatever it wants with no opposition . 
  i do n't think this is his place to do . 
  i do n't read the mail . 
  if you do n't meet the standards of being a refugee under the law then you 're not a refugee , `` my country is poor with no jobs and not a nice place to live '' is not grounds to stay in europe . 
  let 's make angevin empire revanchism a thing . 
  the vast majority of normal germans may have had a sense of superiority but they did not know the full extent of the holocaust , afaik i know the justifications for the war were : bring germans who were outside of germany 's borders into germany because they were thought to be oppressed in czechoslovakia and poland and later stopping communism and foreign occupation of germany . 
   the oppression they faced is n't comparable . 
  if you think it 's comparable it reflects a failure of the education system in teaching kids about the holocaust . 
  majority of the victims of the holocaust were n't jewish . 
  i forgot though , apparently polish or serb or gypsy or gay lives do n't matter , only jewish . 
   and what if that means a country that resembles a land run by isis or hamas ? 
  it 's a nice idea but totally impracticle . 
  who they elect in their country is n't really your business . 
  if ireland elects a sinn fein government ( a political party that has been involved in armed actions against the uk ) we do n't have to like it but it 's not really our place . 
   we know what a country looks like when palestinians get to decide things , it ends up looking like hamas-run gaza . 
  that sounds suspiciously close to how they justified apartheid , `` south africa is safe , take a look at the congo if you want to see what black rule looks like . '', 
   we live in the real world , so having an independent state of your own is n't your right if it means you 'll create a terrorist , fascist and genocidal sharia-run state . 
  self determination is a human right affirmed by the un and treaties you 're signatory too . 
   what such a state will mean for israel must be taking into account , as well as what it will mean for the arab neighbours like jordan and egypt . 
  the belief the palestinians have been denied a state is a fallacy to begin with , they had plenty of opportunities but did n't want one . 
  what they did n't want is a statelet with no real self determination , they want the territory recognised as theirs by international law . 
   millions died because they hated each other . 
  can you imagine how many more would have died if they were forced to live under one nation ? 
  can you imagine the scale of the civil war that would have taken place ? 
  from over a millennia ago until 1947 they lived together ... 
  they died because there was riots and a mass movement of millions of people . 
  they are , even if the nations of our country are given more powers than us states the fact is that they 're * given * . 
  we have no written constitution and in british law the parliament in westminster is supreme with no check ( well the lords does check the commons but that 's both parliament ) , here in scotland we have our own parliament which has certain powers in scotland only . 
  however this parliament , as well as the welsh assembly , stormont ( northern ireland ) and the london assembly exist simply because westminster passed laws creating them . 
  at any time westminster can repeal the acts of parliament creating those assemblies , though they would n't because it would lead to mass unrest in scotland and probably war in northern ireland . 
  that 's the big contention with scottish independence , most of us do n't want to leave the uk deep down what we want is the powers of the scottish parliament expanded and given permanence . 
  it seems you ca n't differentiate between patriotic feelings and chauvinistic ultra nationalism . 
  only one time really , the first world war was a war of entangled alliances not a nationalist project, 
  it is having pride in a place and a people and a culture that you 're part of . 
  let 's say a nation ( in the people sense ) is a family , then the country is the house our ancestors built . 
  would you not defend your home if it was attacked ? 
  germany seems to have a lot of historical baggage that even other axis states do not have . 
  tell that to the irish , or the slavs . 
  ethnic cleansing in this context is a perfect word for it , you want to expel people for being a different ethnicity than you . 
  i do n't support terrorism but i do support the palestinians having a country of their own within the framework of 2 states . 
  the fact that you use the partition of india as an example , a regrettable disaster that led to millions dead speaks volumes about you . 
  it is a permanent chip on your shoulder when you think any criticism of israel is anti semitism . 
  i love jews and jewish people and will always stand up to genuine nazi style anti semitism , but i am not a fan of israel . 
  it has a right to exist ( though in hindsight the balfour declaration was a humungous mistake ) since it is already there but it does n't have a right to commit grave human rights violations without consequences . 
  traditionally the tories up here were the unionist party ( they merged - the full name of the tory party is the conservative and unionist party ) . 
  i think that if a party ran on a centrist platform who could work with either the tories or labour in parliament focusing on scottish issues with ` home rule ' / federalism as its main goal instead of independence they could do well . 
  that 's what most people want . 
  if full and permanent devolution was on the ballot during the referendum the polls said it would have gotten 60 % .
