i was referencing a polandball meme where belgium break downs and cries and says but why . 
  yep our current rulling party is basically all the former radicals ( seseljs party ), 
  but why ; - ;, 
  yeah i never said he was n't a son of a bitch i mean he wants to kill his brother but he is really entertaining and the demon arm thing . 
  yeah but he gets a demon arm later ( you know moqorro burnt his arm to save it ) and you have to admit he is badass . 
  have you read the books ? 
  because in the books victarion goes on to do some pretty badass stuff and i generally liked him because i was tired of scheming and stuff he was pretty straightforward . 
  and euron is well euron . 
  the sound in chess for example is \u0447 / \u010d in serbian . 
  actually not true for serbia because in english you do n't have a sound that is similar to \u0107 / \u045b . 
  it sounds like how italians say the c in ciao i think . 
  hey victarion and euron are pretty badass . 
  with so many coffee breaks i just assumed you were italian !, 
  italian ? 
  same here we say nazdravlje, 
  sure you have when you sneezed that one time someone said bless you !, 
  neither shall we !, 
  i find this so adorable . 
  well that sucks, 
  common joke to call it lithuania spheres instead, 
  shh do n't listen to a croat come to belgrade !, 
  it gets varm in the summer ( +30 \u00b0 c ) and theres snow pretty much every winter but the temperatures do n't get too low ( it mostly does n't go below -5 \u00b0 c during the day ) . 
  two rivers for the summer and in the city and plenty of mountains down south which are like 250kms of distancel . 
  same in serbian but its just kaka, 
  or southern serbia, 
  iraq ? 
  i heard something about them using serbian passports so possibly but do n't quote me on that :p, 
  i do n't think so most of them are gypsies and albanians so not eligible to be refugees . 
  yeah but the rest of the eu is like 30 countries not just one . 
  well we were n't in the warsaw pact that really defined what countries were eastern european . 
  actually it was 1/5 of their gdp if i remember correctly . 
  but you forget many of these people that claim to be refugees left turkey or lebanon ( the first safe country ) for europe and at that point they are just economic migrants and not refugees . 
  yes ; - ;, 
  yeah that is dickish i did not know we did that :p still its not right for him to place the blame on us when 2-3 countries before let them pass . 
  same could be said for macedonia or greece i mean we do n't have sea access so they do n't land here and we are not inclined to keep them here like our neighbors who let them pass in the first place . 
  you included belgrade yiss, 
  they belong to eastern polan *, 
  also where kings sleep !, 
  or the spartan king system since its even earlier . 
  then the roman republic two consul system . 
  thank you for researching our side and yeah its not so easy to decide which side was right then :p, 
  in serbia . _ . 
  ( the concentration camps ), 
  well mostly the austrians are to blame because they proclaimed albania independent which was supposed to be our sea access so after being denied albania we claimed macedonia which we freed with our own troops , was part of medieval serbia and at the time we claimed the populance was serbian . 
  what we did was dickish but we did it only after the austrians fucked us over . 
  and bunga bunga, 
  its the same here . 
  thank god for the rain . 
  german sounds disciplined . 
  aww we like you too !, 
  yes, 
  only burek, 
  no silly nikola tesla i have no idea who your guy is !, 
  thats probably what happened . 
  yeah !, 
  sanders for president !, 
  actually if remember correctly soviet union did n't have an offical language but russians being the most populus people of the country kinda forced it on everyone . 
  same !, 
  well at least our idiot king justified it by protecting the berlin congress agreement i think :p but still stupid nonetheless . 
  according to the un they are de jure part of serbia and not a independent country :p, 
  world war ii the electric bogaloo, 
  ah i love this comment so much . 
  its just limburg sounds so funny to me . 
  he was speaking of the dutch not wallons and last time i checked frisia ( area of todays netherlands ) was part of the holy roman empire and there was the austrian netherlands thing so he is correct to assume around 700 years . 
  all you need now is \u0110 , \u0106 , nj , lj and d\u017e and i can proclaim you serbs !, 
  so you have \u0161 like us !, 
  ben am ben, 
  is of neo nazi ustasha agenda !!, 
  i heard austria was excluded from germany because prussia and austria were having bad relations at the time . 
  is that correct ? 
  well now you know !, 
  eat gouda while wearing them !, 
  or go to a clogging festival . 
  do n't forget that he has to wear clogs when he is eating them . 
  oh yeah its horrible and in most places its blasted to the max so you ca n't even talk :p, 
  basically its a mix between folk music and pop music thats what you heard :p, 
  i do n't like it !, 
  a lot of people do n't but if you were in clubs and such areas where turbofolk is only played of course you will find people who like it . 
  neo-nazi ustasha hahahahah hmm lets call it better then croatian word element :d ? 
  what is wrong with azot !, 
  its like zato but dyslexic !, 
  and sounds like azov !, 
  except when they say august !, 
  who says kolovoz for a month !, 
  well our languages are very very samy :p, 
  hussites, 
  heheheheh, 
  serbian also has a 7 case system !, 
  she 's your justin bieber but we also have our share of bad singers :p, 
  yeah forgot about them hahah !, 
  also i guess half of bosnia likes us ? 
  hehehehe , 
  montenegro , romania and greece but i do n't think you can count romania as part of the balkans . 
  william orange alive again fighting the spanish ? 
  could you explain it ? 
  these are not the doors of a billionaire richard !, 
  well who would you vote for herr knindza :p we have no decent people to vote for so we abstain :p . 
  good !, 
  is the dog not scared now ? 
  it is important that we find out !,
