  no love for us < 3, 
  send halp for amd users ? 
  i forgive you neighboor !, 
  this time with even more assassinations !, 
  hey !, 
  ah so you have kept him :d glad to see the cat is well !, 
  what happened to that kitty you found :3 ? 
  ah the good ol' days !, 
  who built 750 000 bunkers !, 
  oh right brain fart !, 
  i knew someone related to tolkiens work was there :p, 
  tolkien was present at the last beheading in france edit : brain fart it was christopher lee, 
  the hussites ? 
  we have a river called morava here but i forgot about the region moravia well you learn new stuff . 
  moravian as the river morava ? 
  aaw senpai noticed me c : also you have a following in serbia if you did n't notice !, 
  yes . 
  i am also a big fan c :, 
  shangri-la does n't exist in the german mind because a german reaches shangri-la when he works . 
  and by then i expect my mars colony to be prepared so i can enjoy some personal space !, 
  hugs !, 
  i heard they were recently sighted in norway !, 
  you are n't celtic !, 
  found the ck2 player ? 
  the blood is strong ? 
  ragrets well i see you are n't so chill as you say you are , 
  serbian is also phonetic so serbian for next world language ? 
  `` argentina is white '' is a troll statement that implies that most of argentinian population is n't caucasian . 
  origin : argentina , compared to other south american countries , has a high percentage of caucasian population , due the low ammount of native groups that lived on the area , high ammount of immigration from european countries on the post-independence era and a low ammount of african slaves . 
  its a joke on polandball also . 
  and his flair is a black flag that says argentina is white get it ? 
  yeah but ussr still kept their part of poland but i guess your reasoning is good enough as to why it does n't count . 
  triggered !, 
  what about 1939 ? 
  man times were much more simple when people were hajduks . 
  1 . wake up 2 . loot turkish caravans 3 . hide with your jataks and drink, 
  as a liverpool fan , yes !, 
  i see your banat and i raise you my banat . 
  well back then we mainly wanted for all serbs to live in one country . 
  so they can lock up edrogan duh !, 
  i can also into typemagic : a  a o  o \u0428  \u0428 \u0416  \u0416 \u040f  \u040f, 
  you said i have twelve years i believe . 
  should they be beaten so inhumanely ? 
  i am sure there was a better way to solve that situation than beating the crap out of them ? 
  edit : welp i was going on the story i heard about a month ago that was just `` migrants have been beaten by the police '' but i still stand by what i said that police could of handled the situation better without beating them . 
  why are you a bear named ivan ? 
  and damn i thought i could be in your team !, 
  fine i 'll be the squirrel !, 
  you are missing the fat tech savant guy !, 
  um did n't the mayor of moscow burn the city down so the french army could have no respite while chasing the retreating russian army and i am fairly sure st. petersburg was your capital city then or petrovgrad as i think it was called . 
  and you literally burned your land all the way to moscow so they could have no food . 
  i wish i could gild you but have this instead http://i.imgur.com/sy9lvl4.jpg, 
  in serbian jutro means morning . 
  it can be used as a greeting word or when you speak of morning . 
  bor is a tree silly !, 
  and a city !, 
  and here i thought this was the sub that must not be named . 
  hey i know all about the delta blues !, 
  but what i meant was n't their version more popular then yours , 
  did n't the brits invade you with their rock and roll ? 
  i had to study it for 4 years ; - ; and the only reason i had semi good marks was due to the words being similar to english ones . 
  those russian traditions + the quanity idea makes russia op !, 
  pls nerf, 
  eh i watched a segment about a cyproti national dish where a turkish guy north of the dmz claimed that :p and that caused cooperation problems between the two sides so they could n't sell it as the dish of cyprus and other nations started to copy it and sell it obviously cooperation between farmers not politicians . 
  now if you only brought this kind of enthusiasm to / r/serbia that would be great !, 
  not from cyprus or live in cyprus but i know if you go near the dmz you will get killed . 
  well he also had sokolovic as his last name so he had the spirit of a serb with him !, 
  i heard turkish food is good so good for me for reminding you to eat it !, 
  mehmed pasa best bridge builder !, 
  no stinky turk will build bridges in balkans !, 
  ( joking nothing against you guys :d ), 
  not if you ask true china !, 
  we call it carigrad !, 
  no love for serbia ; - ;, 
  the funny thing is that m&b was published by a swedish company that makes grand strategy games !, 
  i wonder if they used the same % the soviets used !, 
  the ae would be too much and the adm cost of coring better feed a vassal all that land and annex it later . 
  how about luxembourg or the netherlands feed them that land . 
  just do n't give her a body !, 
  or we 'll end up with nixon conquering the world and trying to kill all the humans !, 
  yeah i mean you have a dragon for a flag !, 
  while we have a mutant eagle with 2 heads !, 
  is eesti last ? 
  also mount and blade . 
  i can confirm the souvlaki thing and gyros !, 
  ate that for almost 10 days straight when i was in greece . 
  / u/major _ butthurt telling it as it is !, 
  ( your name is gold ), 
  i know i was just making a joke about how france is op :p, 
  manpower means nothing if bbbb stackwipes your armies always . 
  to ti je vlada !, 
  it translates to `` we do n't give a fuck '' boli me kurac = `` my dick hurts '' or a less vulgar `` boli me uvo '' is our way of saying `` i do n't give a fuck '', 
  well at least you are n't alone we have a choice between vucic and seselj and neither is appealing . 
  would the pelje\u0161ac bridge be funded by the eu ? 
  because last time i heard something about it the cost of it was pretty high . 
  did they invest in eastern poland tho ? 
  semi-autonomy . 
  we got full autonomy 20 years later . 
  well i mean one of our most famous geographers classified them as macedonians and said they are n't serbs and they were separated from serbia and made their own republic in tito 's yugoslavia and before that they were part of the vardarska banovina . 
  as for the church eh i mean i wo n't get into that .
