  well we assassinated our own kings before so whats the big deal . 
  under the romans ? 
  did macedonia have bad experience with serbia ? 
  i do n't remember us doing anything to them . 
  did n't king multin have skoplje as his capital ? 
  why do you write your comments in french and english ? 
  been meaning to ask you . 
  mayhaps he is a serb :o !, 
  but ofcourse discrimination is unheard in the balkans and tolerance is very high !, 
  but tbh macedonians are a mix of serbs and bulgarians but more of bulgarians so give us serbs some credit :d, 
  what is a orthodox croat then o.o ? 
  do you want war man !!, 
  use eu4 knowledge !, 
  why did n't you mention us ; - ;, 
  then you get the dutch living there and still have the housing problem !, 
  i like trains !, 
  do the dutch thing !, 
  reclaim the land under the sea !, 
  the liberland one is pretty . 
  its a kingdom silly !, 
  you can be the prime minister . 
  if they had not stopped us before we would n't have these terrorists now ! / s ( joking joking genocides are n't good ), 
  what kind of bread costs 10 $ !, 
  nothing new tbh pretty much everyone in the country knows its bullshit and a waste of money . 
  omsk bird would be unhappy where is the destruction !, 
  where is the krokodil omsk bird !, 
  ( do not google krokodil bad decision ), 
  too bad its getting nerfed !, 
  ey its funny if its satirical !, 
  people are n't sure if the girl is joking or not since the lyrics are pretty laughable like `` give him a term so he can lead us !, 
  lead us to victory !, 
  to state truth !, 
  to the european union ! '', 
  i know a milan . 
  a milan is in my class . 
  hey we contributed also !, 
  we delayed the germans by a month because they had to invade yugoslavia !, 
  the proof hitler was cloned into 94 boys in brazil perhaps ? 
  edit : missed the 9 part of 94 :p, 
  but i am not butthurt : c i rarely get butthurt : c, 
  or run really really fast !, 
  like the flash fast !, 
  is n't it vehicles ? 
  its petao in serbian and prolly archaic . 
  if children did n't get vaccinated the parents would either pay a fine or go to jail as far as i was informed . 
  opposition leaders ? 
  albanian internet is slow give them time . 
  to be fair in yugoslavia everyone was oppressed :p, 
  1912-1914 never forget !, 
  i played all of the grand strategies and i still prefer the colours he said !, 
  my gran uses the natural ingredient but thats because she lives in the countryside . 
  in the city most people use the artificial dyes but my mum sometimes dyes it using the natural ingredients :p, 
  / u/jpaolo explain about jan pawel ii, 
  but you forget that the albanians did the same to serbians you know its not like we were the only ones that committed those crimes and that the kosovars are innocent :p edit : ah yes getting downvoted for saying both sides were committing crimes in kosovo and no side was innocent !, 
  good job guys good job !, 
  i do n't know but it was a joke that some people took seriously and nothing one the page mentions anything about forks so dunno . 
  i know insane but we claim some stupid stuff also  that we invented the fork, 
  not like they do anything or bother you they just give your country a bit more prestige , 
  because they make tourism money !, 
  in britain the amount of money the people pay for the upkeep off the royal family is paid off more by the tourism since people want to see the queen 's residence . 
  also the queen has estates which she agreed to lend to the government and those estates make a good chunk of money that decrease the british tax every year . 
  ah yes the modern day albanians are descended from ancient illyrians . 
  how do you make one for a user of reddit ? 
  well fuck ; - ; but at least i can enjoy the fact croatia does n't have the limited edition one < 3, 
  -1 stability, 
  yuuus suck on that croatia i might visit it tomorrow to gloat < 3, 
  ; - ; we did n't want to, 
  can confirm we use the old one . 
  have another confirmation !, 
  well its also a part of national humiliation when a nation ca n't keep its territory together and countries keep seceding :p, 
  the main problem is they are not a majority in the country so sure they are in the region but not in the country and that region is also a nationalistically important for serbs and religiously . 
  eh but brandenburg was part of prussia and that is still part of germany so theres that !, 
  how is bismarck wwii related ? 
  only that people compare him to hitler which is completely insane as people have pointed out . 
  not even albanians want albania * points to kosovo *, 
  with blackjack and hooker !, 
  victoria ii provides much more satisfied rebels they change stuff a lot !, 
  i just said historically what happened i personally hold nothing against turks today . 
  aight perhaps i took him to literally but you ca n't say you did n't try and to change us to be more turkish . 
  and any sign of rebellion was put down brutally like the `` seca knezova '' and after the devshirme system was cast down christians could do little to advance in the ottoman empire . 
  you did n't kill us but you made life a hell for us :p no grudges now of course :d, 
  well zeljanica is more bosnian/serbian but some would claim bosnian is just a dialect of serbian and say its just serbian but i wo n't get into that since people get butthurt very easily . 
  uh i think he said the truth the `` danak u krvi '' where you took christian boys under the age of 10 and trained them into janissaries . 
  the tax on christians so the population would convert to islam . 
  and let us not forget the border region where you literally used christians as mead shields sure the people there payed less taxes but if there came a conflict with austria they would first get involved and die most likely , and austria did the same thing so ca n't really blame you in the balkan countries your rule is known as the five century slavery . 
  the ottoman rule was very intolerant towards christians you were so intolerant that every time there was a war with austria serbs would take arms and join the austrians and once the wars were over you would repay the population brutally so / u/portlandcement did not speak lies, 
  well ussr did lose 20 million soldiers in the war and for a good year or had kept germany busy so it was not so unreasonable to accept the demands of a nation who spent so much of its resources , people to win the war . 
  ( not sure if you understand me :d ), 
  we call it a gibanica here . 
  hey or cheese you fill it with meat or cheese !, 
  at least here !, 
  yeah you are one of the few people we did n't war in the last hundred of years or so alongside romanians  and truly inspiring i must say . 
  i knew that too our history teacher taught us that !, 
  and mehmed the conquerors favourite wife was a serbian princess also . 
  its on our flag too !, 
  hahaha becuase jaime only has one hand , 
  and its into the box , 
  hahaha sadly we can not mention that sub, 
  thats incorrect peter the great was a great force of innovation in russia so not all \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  141/141 first try !,
