always getting sun !, 
  sounds like finland in general ... 
  not really , it may look small on the picture but it is pretty big . 
  planning on doing that next time we are repainting it . 
  bastards . 
  schuuup, 
  [ just for you < 3 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/3vhea ), 
  the house is almost 100 years old now , expanded and repaired several times . 
  never once . 
  spooky scary house . 
  [ my house right now ] ( http://imgur.com/a/dccw1 ) and here is some [ bonus pics ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tgrqc ), 
  good guy iceland !, 
  why would anyone even adopt a russian child !, 
  ah ... fond memories of razing it in medieval 2 ... 
  yeah !, 
  lets kill him with a stick !, 
  they are still butthurt about the thirty years war . 
  ottomans are aliens . 
  yes, 
  extra history did a pretty nice series on suleiman the second . 
  nice and warm !, 
  huh , did not know that !, 
  yeah , and why would anyone use norwegian letters in sweden ? 
  it seems really nice !, 
  mmmm ... i love me some rapeseed !, 
  applies good for sweden too . 
  leave that to the americans . 
  it is the only logical option !, 
  * new turko-greek roman empire, 
  only one mobline phone ?!?!, 
  i have atleast ten !, 
  oh , that is pretty intresting . 
  happy old day , enemy !, 
  would probably be better to group up some parts into unions , like the nu ( nordic union ) with the nordics and estland ( haha , not ) . 
  and like baltic into new jugoslavia . 
  and the slavic state with poland and other slavs . 
  good old serbs, 
  could the polish really do that back then ? 
  we should bring back those old women from 2013 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wknrgc71hjc, 
  turkology ... 
  valhalla is awsome . 
  spring ? 
  you mean winter . 
  very nice food and beaches . 
  more like great power . 
  in debt ? 
  they are the bazilian-speaking part of spain right ? 
  god shits on the kaiser !, 
  sounds gnomish . 
  cant greek museums just sell them to other museums ? 
  love this style of drawing . 
  that was where the holy roman emperor started in medieval 2 total war, 
  dammit , i got trolled . 
  next time playing a swede be less happy and `` sweden is great '' . 
  what made you so happy , you need some jante law . 
  its not the most perfect country at all , there is a ton of stuff to make even better . 
  wow , that must be a lot of work !, 
  yeah , the eu was built on cows and castles after all . 
  what shitposts ? 
  it is dangur\u00e4s ? 
  yeah , they are so poor so they have to use stock photos in the cameras . 
  finnish brother we will finnish what carolus rex started !, 
  rightful swedish clay, 
  no need to be rude . 
  good day ~, 
  try harder next time . 
  happy birthday east sweden !, 
  my grandparents live in cucumberswamp, 
  lovely . 
  palt is da masterace . 
  east of sweden . 
  we kept finland for about 600 years , so we must have done something right . 
  atleast it is more than iceland have ever done . 
  edit : fixed words . 
  beautiful !, 
  who is it that have had all those warrior kings and been one of the great powers of europe ? 
  it sure is not finland !, 
  but since sweden have owned finland and parts of the baltics i would call it sweden . 
  baltica should just be called sweden . 
  lets retake constantinople !, 
  poor souls ... 
  that is not good . 
  no , the famous swedish explorer krisstoffer kolumb\u00e4rs, 
  atleast sweden was not bombed , but instead the 50s 60s and 70s happened . 
  that is a reindeer , not a deer . 
  yeah, 
  gustav vasa is probably the closest . 
  a man who ran into the wall , an old saint bernard dog , banker and officer in the galactic empire . 
  the swedish one has the same old style as every public office or place in all of sweden . 
  horn snout is hornicorne in swedish . 
  just do n't steal anything while you are there !, 
  do like the bulgarians , take a plane to a swamp in northern sweden and get the cloudberries yourself . 
  it 's legal to do it in the middle of nowhere . 
  poor poor romanian has no cloudberries . 
  what berries do you have ? 
  sounds swedish , where are you from again ? 
  make them into jam and eat with some nice homemade ice cream . 
  he really has the british beauty . 
  who is the fat texan ? 
  why would you abandon a place like this !,
