  you stand in line for the tickets , you get an assigned entry time , and then you get a guide who explains the general history , but none of the cool details , and when i was there , it was like a high school boy in a suit who had memorized his lines , rattled them off without any emotion whatsoever , and even stumbled once or twice . 
  and to be honest , i was shocked both in neuschwanstein and linderhof at the state of the interior . 
  i suppose you ca n't just simply brush the dust off , but i do n't think those thick layers of dust are good for the material and colors ? 
  it looked horrible , like no one had cleaned anything in decades . 
  like you 'd imagine the state of furniture you found in an old , forgotten attic after thirty years . 
  i also knew not all rooms were finished , but do they have to make the rest look like soviet bunkers ? 
  the toilets were disgusting too . 
  as i said , i do n't regret going , but i was disappointed . 
  that movie made me want to visit bruges someday . 
  it 's supposed to look like a fucking fairy tale . 
  yep . 
  based on what i know about the history between your two countries - seems plausible ? 
  yeah , i guess i misinterpreted out of reflex . 
  thanks for your supporting comment !, 
  i 'm stupid . 
  i really was confused because i thought `` hey that 's totally what i think '' . 
  i somehow misread your first line . 
  you are misunderstanding me . 
  i do not argue in favor of taking sides . 
  this is not a black-and-white conflict either . 
  i 'm saying we have to draw a line , and both palestinians and israelis are crossing them in different ways and degrees . 
  we should neither reject responsibility by saying this conflict has nothing to do with us , nor support one side . 
  edit : sorry , i though you had replied to another comment from me , so i rewrote this one . 
  be harsh on the anti-semites . 
  really harsh . 
  do n't side with them , but make it very clear that we can distinguish between anti-semites and anti-zionists , between criticizing israel and hating jews . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a perfect solution though . 
  but those people need to be persecuted , not pushed into another country to continue . 
  meh , those are obviously copies of european models . 
  i agree . 
  if we care about containing anti-semitism , the last thing we should want is to send them away were it 's legal . 
  of course we should care about the victims and try to protect them , but not by deporting the people who are guilty of harrassing and assaulting them to find more victims in other countries . 
  edit : last , not least, 
  well , who decided that israel should be created ? 
  it was n't the jews who just left europe ( although they did start to flee into that region about half a century earlier ) . 
  the region was n't independent , and that made the whole thing possible in the first place . 
  and you know , i do think war is bad and a terrible decision . 
  but ca n't you think of a single reason why the other countries felt pressured to declare war ? 
  did you know that about 60 % of the population in jordan are palestinian ? 
  did you also know that jordan is one of the countries in the world with the least water resources , and that water politics contributed to tensions between israel , syria , lebanon and jordan ? 
  i 'm german , but i live in jordan . 
  we get water delivered to tanks once a week . 
  water resources that have a radiation level above the recommended level are used , because other sources are contaminated with bacteria , and actually even less healthy . 
  water is something europe usually has very theoretical discussions about , but here , it 's actually a cause for tensions and war . 
  and yes , what followed was nationalism , anti-zionism , inhumane , etc. , and i agree that must stop - but they would n't even be in that situation if not for us . 
  we exported our wars first . 
  germany 's anti-semitism ( which was widespread in europe , let 's not kid ourselves , but we were the ones who committed the genocide ) led to this , because jews were n't safe or welcome in europe . 
  and becauses power and control over the whole world , well , that was most of europe 's favorite hobby . 
  to use a metaphor that 's a little bit dramatic , but still kinda true : we put a bomb there , and now we complain about feeling the ground shake from the explosion . 
  i 'm not even saying the people there ca n't do a thing against this conflict , that they are not responsible for their actions today , that zionism or anti-semitism are legit . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's completely unfair for europe to complain when we can feel the conflict even in our own countries . 
  `` we did n't do jack '' is not true . 
  it says in the text the turkish sign says jews , the french one zionists . 
  i agree with your post . 
  i really do . 
  ( clarification : i strongly disagree with israel 's politics , but that 's no reason to be anti-semititic . ), 
  except for the [ last ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement ) two [ sentences ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25299553 ) . 
  ( i wo n't link to `` holocaust '' , but that 's one of the factors that caused the trouble in the near east as well . ), 
  i think our people screwed things up in the near east , and we should n't pretend they all spontaneously decided to hate each other . 
  so everything that 's different in our countries is crazy ? 
  good to know . 
  probably more of the hereditary office for life thing . 
  no matter what he/she said , how about not overgeneralizing 80 million people based on what one of them said ? 
  and yeah , he/she was provoking , but you did n't even have an argument , and they called you out . 
  `` no , you '' is not criticism . 
  are you the guy who split an atom in his kitchen ? 
  but we are n't nazis anymore , right ? 
  right ? 
  supernatural !, 
  that was unexpected, 
  [ my country lied to me ?!, 
  yeah , naming conventions in europe were n't nice to everyone . 
  it could either be a reference to a place with a pigsty or a pig road . 
  `` steiger '' does n't come from `` climber '' . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schweinsteiger ), 
  i went to a theme park in japan once . 
  it was called `` little world '' ( north of nagoya ) and consisted of `` typical '' examples of villages around the world . 
  including souvenir shops , places where you could put on traditional clothes , and of course restaurants . 
  the food served was goulash , sausages and dry [ br\u00f6tchen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q7svq2i.jpg ) . 
  oh , and german beer . 
  in conclusion : could 've been worse . 
  your fictional argument is bullshit . 
  on the one hand you have people who are performing an inappropriate action , on the other hand you have people with bodies . 
  but sure , us poor men always get blamed and it 's * completely * the same ... 
  have you seen her before she got elected though ? 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/ks74aop.jpg ) is her today . 
  so basically , she did n't surpress her femininity to become chancellor , she actually needed a makeover in the other direction . 
  ( i always thought that was sad . 
  i do n't like her based on her politics , but her looks should be irrelevant . ), 
  anyway , maybe she grew fond of her new look , or it was n't really her own idea . 
  i do n't know . 
  same reason people are angry about soundwaves ? 
  ah well , i ca n't really blame them . 
  more justified than the idiots among germans who are prejudiced against poland . 
  however , i 'm really really happy that there are many german-polish friendships today !, 
  it 's unbelievable , after everything we did to you . 
  and today i have many polish friends and co-workers who have studied german and are teaching it now . 
  because they like germany !, 
  i 'm trying to learn some polish too , but i 'll never get to their level of german . 
  is n't all of that awesome and amazing !,
