oh come on . 
  if that american students tells me the us healthcare is awesome , i 'm still going to disagree . 
  if that students tells me america sucks and they 're all cowboys - i 'm going to disagree . 
  i spend a good deal of my time criticizing my country and our politicians , but that level of stereotyping is not criticism , it 's just stupid . 
  i 'm not needy and do n't need people to tell me how awesome my country is . 
  i 'm not a patriot . 
  i just dislike stupid stereotypes and lazy zero-effort humor . 
  and people talking down to me ( `` remember that next time '' ) . 
  `` it seemed like he was about to say something really nice '' - sorry , i 'm not even going to comment on that . 
  yeah but it 's just so overly simple . 
  i liked that interview with tom hanks ( ... was it him ? 
  i ca n't remember , sorry ) , for example , when he described what autobahn feels like . 
  i thought that was funny , still stereotypical enough for everyone to understand , but in a way that made it possible for germans to laugh too ( although maybe our humor is just not the same ) , not just this cheap `` lol unfunny scary nazis '' thing . 
  how come his `` dumb foreigner '' bit sounds more like a `` those dumb germans '' bit ? 
  i do n't even like the show , but he 's making it sound ridiculous that they did n't speak english , he got the `` germans have no humor '' thing and `` lol nazis '' ( without actually calling us nazis , but what else could `` they are capable of terrible things '' refer to ) . 
  well if that 's the sort of humor he displayed in germany , no wonder people did n't laugh . 
  conveniently you did n't comment on / u/naaaaaaaaaabe you told you where your logical fault lies . 
  i live in jordan . 
  come here and look at all the rich people if you like . 
  just do n't be disappointed when you see people on donkeys going through garbage along with the street cats , instead of ferraris and porsches . 
  the average jordanian earns about 300-400 $ . 
  cost of living is very high compared to that . 
  jordan does not have a rich petroleum economy . 
  jordan is poor . 
  there were over 2.5 million refugees . 
  jordan itself has 6 million people , most of them came as refugees themselves . 
  there is not a country in the world that could take in a third of its own population in refugees in such a short time and not be fucked . 
  that conservative does n't equal unreliable ? 
  sure . 
  i just wanted to clarify brotkrumen 's comment , because calling the publisher ( springer ) `` conservative '' and bild `` yellow press '' does n't describe the problem - exactly because i agree with you , regardless of my own political leaning . 
  as far as springer and bild are concerned , i 'll stick with borderline evil and satan . 
  you can , if someone says `` spanish culture is primitive and backwards '' because of bullfighting . 
  no , the publisher is not just conservative , it 's borderline evil . 
  the bild is flat-out satan . 
  unless you consider fox news reputable . 
  as a german , i might answer that israel/palestine today would look different without us committing the holocaust . 
  and as a german , i know very well that i did not commit those crimes personally . 
  still , the survivors and their children and grandchildren feel those crimes . 
  i may not be personally responsible , and many may not share my position , but my personal opinion is , that if i identify as german , that comes with the weight of my country 's past . 
  and as always , we think of our wealth and nothing else . 
  we sell weapons to them , we undermine their governments as it suits our needs , but when the aftermath comes knocking at our doors , we rather let them drown in the meditarranean sea ? 
  let other countries like jordan be flooded with refugees ? 
  and what threat ? 
  again , there have been similar claims about germany , but nothing has happened , except politicians who have chipped away more and more of our privacy , and now not much of it is left . 
  how about not listening to the yellow press , because they 're the ones putting fuel into the fire , problematic integration process indeed . 
  i 'd argue the middle east would look very different today if the holocaust had n't happened . 
  you 're now really just trying to derail . 
  this has nothing to do with refugees who are left to die or `` go somewhere else '' . 
  i hope your country will never face a situation like that during your lifetime ( your country sure has seen its share of pain ) , and that you 're never dependent on the empathy of other nations . 
  and still , we do n't even know whether the claims are true . 
  again : bild is a horrible , horrible paper , and they 're well-known to make shit up as long as it suits their [ anti-islamic ] ( http://www.bildblog.de/59134/bild-zdf-homer-simpson/ ) , [ anti-refugee ] ( http://www.bildblog.de/60433/schutzwesten-gegen-asylbewerber/ ) agenda ( or whatever they want to be true ; i just picked two relatively recent examples , there are more extreme ones ) . 
  you do n't walk into obama 's office to arrest him because fox thinks he 's a muslim terrorist , do you ? 
  islamophobia and treatment of muslims in europe and political decisions in muslim countries , arbitrary war on them , manipulation of their elections , and bombs that are dropped with no regard of the civilian population is one of the factors that turn young people to extremism . 
  it 's a far more serious threat , but it 's just way less popular to call for action against that , i guess . 
  edit : sorry , i thought you had replied to a different comment . 
  mine does n't make any sense in this context , but i wo n't delete it . 
  just ignore , 
  and it affects our standard of living today how , exactly ? 
  europe has very directly caused many of today 's problems in the middle east - and keeps it that way . 
  europe has a massive guilt ( certain european countries at least , mine included ) , regardless of whether you acknowledge that or not . 
  i invite you to look up the role of europe in the middle east during the last couple of centuries ( especially the names of sykes and picot ) , in more recent times also the role of the us . 
  also : empathy . 
  that should not be the scale of measurement here . 
  that 's the reason why people flee their countries . 
  they 're dying , and their families are dying , their friends , their neighbours . 
  their cities are being destroyed . 
  they need a place to go . 
  what 's happened in germany so far ? 
  this is not the first time a claim portrays germany in grave danger . 
  fortunately , redditors are not in charge of changing immigration policies . 
  i hope our politicians have better sources than having to rely on bild . 
  your comment is cheap provocation ( and your user name adds to that impression ) - literally all i was saying was that i do n't trust anything bild says and i 'm waiting for reliable sources . 
  eh , welt.de says the source is bild am sonntag , and does n't name other sources for the alleged plans to bring terrorists to germany . 
  why exactly are we believing this ? 
  bild is germany 's fox news and daily mail together , and as islamophobic as it gets . 
  they have an agenda , and they lie . 
  maybe it 's true , but i wo n't believe a word of it until it comes from a reliable source . 
   polls like this are showing the reality of the situation wait , i thought they were totally pointless ? 
  i do n't even disagree regarding how different we are , but we have reason enough to make this comparison . 
  our history and standard of living ( calling the us a third world country is vastly exaggerating your problems and making light of the problems of actual third world countries and their standard of living ) is close enough to make a comparison sensible . 
  you ca n't know how different we are unless you do a study on it . 
  that just happened . 
  saying that a study on our differences is pointless because we 're different is just not reasonable . 
  and that comment about germany oversimplifies our history to a degree that actually leaves my jaw hanging open . 
  wow . 
  sure , except most of us are of predominantly christian background , do our share in developing technology , live in relative wealth , have a relatively high standard of living , and mostly democracy . 
  plus lots and lots of closely shared history . 
  europe and the us are two big lumps in the oecd states which are comparable in these aspects , and that 's why someone found it interesting to compare us regarding opinion and values . 
  the result is `` nope , not the same '' and `` maybe some correlation with other issues ? '' . 
  why would you compare two regions that have pretty much nothing in common ? 
  or pick a region that you already know is more like you ? 
  hey , what about canada ? 
  that 's completely missing the point of this comparison . 
  that comment makes no sense . 
  it 's a comparison of different values in two relatively comparable regions , not `` randomly find nations that do x more than the us '' . 
  and by the way , `` majority islamic nations '' are about as diverse as europe ( and i hope you 're not one of those `` all european countries are basically the same '' guys ) , and some of them are more secular and less religious than the us . 
  i 've been there . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  i do n't regret going there , it was beautiful , and it 's part of our history ( and does n't need to be `` from the middle ages '' to be worth seeing ) , the surrounding nature is very beautiful . 
  but yes , it 's a tourist trap .
