of course it is , assuming no scottish independence takes place . 
  i was taking the stance of ` if scotland became independent in the '70s what would its finances be like ? ', 
  apologies for not being clearer . 
  other western european countries still have similar industries to what we lost , notably germany . 
  not reason at all to think they would have collapsed . 
  apologise about the poverty comment , i did some digging . 
  scotland was the poorest in western europe until a few years ago when austerity started to take affect . 
  holyrood protected us from the worst of it and we 're now better than the rest of the uk . 
  well , the english have been screwed by westminster as much as any other of the uk countries . 
  the uk 's problems are more class based than anything else . 
  that said , fingers crossed for a yes vote . 
  it does but scotland/uk 's oil wealth was pissed away during the 80s to fund thatcher 's reforms . 
  in contrast , norway set up a fund that resulted in them currently owning 1 % of all shares . 
  im referring to the ` what might have been ' part . 
  norway owns 1 % of all global shares but scotland , with more oil , is relatively poor . 
  i think it 's more about how each countries oil wealth has been used . 
  scotland is the poorest country in western europe despite being one of the most resource rich , per capita , in the world . 
  it 's a versatile liquid . 
  of course , but there is a difference in leaving symbolic damage so it is n't forgotten , like the roses , and a large building that has structural damage and is no longer safe . 
  we went for a hike and had to have a guide with us for this reason , he said there are still loads of places off limits unless it 's covered in snow . 
  great pics , i loved sarajevo when i visited about 4 years ago . 
  unfortunately it is primarily the city centre that has been fixed up ( when i was there at least ) and much of the surrounding suburbs are still pocked with bullet holes . 
  hopefully things will get better for b&h but it wo n't happen until their government gets sorted out . 
  i reckon it 's posturing for this exact reason . 
  there are a * lot * of spanish companies in scotland , and fishing boats in our waters , that would result in considerable pressure on the spanish government voting to keep us in or do an east germany with us . 
  the chance of the uk leaving the eu is slim . 
  the referendum is tactical to silence the anti-eu faction within the conservatives and kill ukip who split the right wing vote . 
  take up wind/kite surfing and go to tiree . 
  the beaches are so lovely that they shot a bacardi ad there pretending it was the caribbean . 
  or take the harry potter train to morar and do some sea kayaking . 
  and cranakan for pudding . 
  the sun has more a thug 's mentality ( with good football analysis , which is what the readers claim they buy it for but they really just want the tits on page three ) but the mail is just pure hate put to print . 
  i 'm going to break goodwin 's law but it really is like reading mein kampf . 
  great innit , taps aff and sitting outside without being drenched . 
  thanks , my wife is fluent in polish and i 'm learning it too so the language barrier wo n't be a big problem . 
  similarly , porridge with 25g chopped almonds and a portion of thawed out frozen berries . 
  have you been to bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest ? 
  i 've been to the polish side but i 'm reluctant to go to the larger belarusian side because of the political situation . 
  are my fears unfounded ? 
  would a tourist be fine ? 
  edinburgh - english snobs ftfy :d, 
  scotland would n't be a member but all of it 's citizens still would as eu citizenship cant be removed . 
  i doubt we 'll be independent too , but if we are there is absolutely nothing in the books about how to deal with the situation . 
  removing us would create more issues than it solves and goes again what the eu is all about . 
  i never said it would be guaranteed entry , i said this situation has never risen before and there is nothing in the books about how to deal with it so both sides are posturing . 
  but , the ec has in the past acted to increase integration and removing us will be more difficult than keeping us in . 
  plus , all of this circles around the nature of the uk . 
  thanks for demonstrating to the europeans here one of the many reasons we want independence . 
  we do n't a comparable bond to england that northerners have by not actually being english . 
  we have more in common with england than anyone else , does n't make us identical . 
  all of which circles around the nature of the act of union and scotland and englands place in it . 
  which circles back to the nature of scotland as a country in the uk , revoking the act of union does n't necessarily void our contracts with others as we 've always had our own legal system , among other things . 
  there is no right answer to this , it 's never come up before . 
  what has come up is the ec acting in favour of increased unity . 
  it 's not a direct comparison as the situations are different . 
  it demonstrates the flexibility of the ec in acting in the favour of integration when unprecedented events happen . 
  kicking scotland out of the ec would create more problems than it would solve given our current existence in it . 
  i do n't think there will be anything machiavellian going on , perhaps unionists will use it for a strop though . 
  i felt you were being flippant while not being informed in the debate , apologies for the language . 
  i believe it is you that is not realizing the complexity of the union between scotland and england , westminster negotiates on our behalf as separate countries with one parliament . 
  also , the complexity of removing scot 's eu citizenship ( ca n't be done ) , disruption to current trade and immigration under the eu , while ignoring similar situations after the the fall of the ussr and the eu 's mandate for integration . 
  the german re-unification is relevant in that the situation had never arisen before and the ec took the simplest action that was of most benefit to all involved ; west germany 's contract were inherited by the whole country . 
  this is relevant as it would prevent disruption of eu citizens and businesses in scotland , and vice verse , while continuing it 's mandate for european integration . 
  there is also no precedent for removing eu citizenship , so we 'd still individually be members while the country is n't . 
  it would create a headache for the eu . 
  russia 's security council seat is a different ball game and they other countries were still distinct ( puppet ) states under russia 's umbrella . 
  also , wales and ni 's situation is different to scotland 's due to the way the union was formed between to equals . 
  wales was conquered and ni is still debated . 
  that 's were all the arguments about what the uk actually is come in , the union was one of equal partner states . 
  scotland was n't absorbed into england , we just shared a government . 
  any westminster policy is done on scotland 's behalf and could theoretically be inherited . 
  there is precedent the german reunification and russia inheriting the ussr 's contracts . 
  there is a cornish independence movement :-) if the north of england decided that they wanted to become independent that would be their democratic right , but there is a cultural bond and broad political spectrum so it 's unlikely . 
  scotland does n't have that bond and largely politically different . 
  but the uk is n't a country , it 's a union of countries like a mini eu . 
  and precedent of east germany and russia would imply a continued contract . 
  edit to add to reference your moronic second sentence you stealthed in . 
  scotland is already in the eu so there would n't be any ` shit ', 
  but the counter points are that scotland already is a distinct country in the ec and all its citizens are already in members . 
  our membership would have to be revoked ( has never been done ) and would disrupt european citizens and industry already in the country . 
  none of that applies to iceland and turkey , it would be far easier for everyone involved if we stayed in either through a new or existing contract . 
  it 's also been argued that the position of unionists in ni would be weakened as they 're descended from scots . 
  plays into r.o.i 's hand . 
  i 'm undecided on independence so far but most of ec members saying no seem to be doing so for posturing because of their own internal problems ( or of their close allies ) . 
  there has n't been any precedent for scotland 's circumstances , it already is a country in it 's own right and we 're all ec citizens . 
  new policy will have to be made similar to the collapse of the ussr and it would be counter productive to keep scotland out . 
  we 'd probably have to sign something new but getting kicked out and having to wait behind turkey and iceland seems like the politics of spite . 
  it 's a bit more complex . 
  the scotland forum has lots of debates on the issue if you want more details but one of the biggest issues is that scotland is largely a centre-left , social democrat country while england is centre-right , neo liberal . 
  scotland does n't feel it 's been represented by westminster for a long time . 
  will it make a difference that the next presidency of the ec is ireland ? 
  would they have the power to put something in writing as i do n't see them going against the snp ? 
  only a possibility ? 
  jim murphy makes ed look like his father . 
  good points . 
  as a brit currently at new university in saudi arabia i find myself rolling my eyes at most of the comments about the people here , or angry at the outright racism . 
  there are many social problems here , but every country has them ( not as bad as here though ) , and most of the people are just like you 'd find anywhere else . 
  the past 100 years have really turned the country on its head and messed it up a lot ( the uk has had no small role in it too ) but there are initiatives to improve things , but it will take time and patience . 
  what happens remains to be seen , but the uncertainty is killing careers now as being out of a job for the few years it takes to sort out can be enough to make your cv uncompetitive . 
  totally , it makes complete sense from the employers prospective .
