  what if it does ??!, 
  you will have potato on your shirt !, 
  possibly spilling mashed potatoes on your shirt during a date is not worth the `` comfort '' of not changing between a fork and a spoon !, 
  i want to look at that link but wikipedia is banned ... s e n d h e l p, 
  thats for the original 12 . 
  it wo n't be the same with discount roachy and meme emperors servant ... 
  dae jeweled ` the new webspinner , macaw brawl ? 
  come to wild !, 
  we have 1/477 of the playerbase and 744 times the jade druids !, 
  i read the title as ' 117 witcher ' , 3 facts you should know . 
  i tried to figure out how 3 facts could take so long , for a few minutes ... 
  css is too complicated ... 
  it takes a lot of time to learn and even when you do , making something with it can be extremely tedious/time consuming . 
  it also does not work on mobile . 
  and reddit has said that over 50 % of their users are on mobile . 
  so as a company and for the majority of their users , getting a system that works on mobile would be really good . 
  the procss movement is hurting both reddit and majority of its users . 
   i 'm more then, 
   i should be going to harvard, 
  hmmmmmmmmm, 
  thrall is sad because his awesome sneks belong to rank 25 now . 
  uplethal to save the sneks from angry chickens . 
  the last 5 ranks alone took 520 ( ish ) games alone on both my simulation and actual climb . 
  rip ... 
  this p2w scum has 2 legendaries and an epic in his hand !, 
  burn him in the f2p btw square in front of the playerbase now, 
  egg . 
  goodbye, 
  goodbye, 
  yep , go turkey go !, 
  all of the trees should be carbon copies , looking in the same direction , though . 
  and there has to be a, 
  b o o b a l e going on in the distance . 
  i can open imgur but i ca n't see the images , i tried from multiple devices . 
  it just wo n't load , and lots of friends have said that its the same for them . 
  i would like to know how you load the images without vpn : /, 
  nl was talking about the right way to eat fish crackers in one of the streams . 
  i do n't remember which one it was , though . 
  small indie company, 
  soon, 
  one business day, 
  it would confuse new players, 
  the light shall burn you !, 
  i have spent hours playibg with that and i never even knew that was possible ... 
  i tried doing this but it does it for all games , i thought it was not worth it to change it all the time ... 
  excactly what i thought , its really weird how humans can just get the message without knowing any words sometimes ... 
  memes are not banned . 
  the poll you have provided shows that only 38 % is happy with the current state of the first page . 
  while the other 62 % wants less memes . 
  at the time of this comment , 9/15 of the posts in the front page are memes . 
  ( ignoring pinned posts ) only 1.5 more than 50 % might seem irrelavant but it plays a huge factor when looking at new posts or when you are just browsing your home page and this is what always happens , it is not a coincidence or an expection . 
  getting rid of low effort `` memes '' ( basically only a pic and some text that does n't even mean much ) like these would help this balance out the current overflow of memes and create a healthier sub , while making 62 % of the voters happy . 
  edit : a word, 
  nobody accounts for that as we expect people to vote for what they want , a good/relevant example would be the french election . 
  `` oh , look they voted macron but they meant le pen , lets account for that and make her president '' makes no sense ... 
  you should have voted for what you wanted to happen , you ca n't be sad if you just vote wrongly and people act accordingly . 
  ps - you are only one person , unless you can prove everyone did the same thing , it is irrelevant, 
  but the real question is , will ryab ever play ftl again ? 
  yep , egg had to find a new job after he killed his careers family with a 9mm barreta, 
  goodbye, 
  r/prequelmemes is leaking again ... 
  yep , it seems that almost everyone who chabged factions is a random and they throw away their assests , giving us an advantage, 
  should i call the cops ? 
  = ( amount of * accounts * that upvoted ) - ( amount of accounts that upvoted ), 
  what if a p2w upvotes with 2 accounts and one downvotes with 5 ? 
  f2math btw, 
  you get used to it . 
  i never have the problem with heals anymore as i just drag it a little further then bring it back and the hurry emote is irrelevant 99 % of the time . 
  mobile is n't bad at all , its just you guys making up those small things too big of a deal when it is not a problem at all to the poeple that have 3 + hours . 
  ps - this might just be me but i like building my decks on mobile much more than pc, 
  only if you add [ cracking egg noises ] whenever needed, 
  i always thought juggler said `` chapple '' and i thought it was just a weird wow referance until a few days ago . 
  can we get 477 packs every time we log in ? 
  yeah , i got it quickly but the human mind just reads it like the title the first time until you realize what it is, 
  yep , i was expecting a rank 1 ultrasaur , i 'm disappointed . 
  those pups are real gs . 
  danny ghees might want to talk with them . 
   [ number ] < ------------- stop this meme, 
  what is the number supposed to be if it is not `` number of people '', 
  f2fight promoter btw, 
  no , we wo n't give him to anyone !, 
  anyone who did n't expect this should lose 100 imaginary internet points, 
  just turned it on to see ( never used it before ) , it completes it to yeni . 
  try updating your phone to the newest version/resetting keyboard memory . 
  edit - just reported it , hope it gets fixed for you soon, 
  i 'm also using the qwerty keyboard , though i 'm pretty sure results would n't have changed . 
  everything except tuba was correct , it tried to * correct * tuba into tuna which is kinda understandable but annoying at the same time . 
  the iphones keyboard tries to be smart by recommending words you have used before . 
  my best explanation for this would be that you just mistyped before ( or used `` yen ` i '' in another sentence that makes sense in that context . ), 
  because my newly reset keyboard did not have that problem at all . 
  my phone used to correct obviously into obviuosly before i reset mine . 
  once again , i hope you can fix this soon, 
  even if it has hyper armour , you can hit him mid-kick and it would be pretty good for you because he has low health ( or you can get the finishing blow ) . 
  not saying its balenced or broken , i have no idea how balanced it is even when doing that , but just wanted to help people who might be struggling with him . 
  did you ever hear the story of darth raider , the wise ? 
  we do n't let p2w players with elise enter our sub, 
  f2p btw, 
  he was also frustrated after trying to figure out if putting a piece of meat between two other pieces of meat would be a sandwich . 
  i 'm using it ... 
  it just turned into a useful rare though .
