  but it does n't die to sw pain . 
  must be op . 
  if you are a p2w scum that has legendaries ofc . 
  f2btw btw, 
  we should as a community have a tracker for this to get a bigger sample size across all platforms . 
  i would love to participate in this if someone finds a platform for it . 
  even an excel spreadsheet would be great !, 
  but i de 'd moroes for my rag . 
  its about time rag turns back into a weird dude that spawns other dudes, 
  i knew i was n't the only one !, 
  so glad i did n't go with pavel cuz `` he won last time lul '', 
  hello you stinky amnesiac, 
  whats a legendary ? 
  i would go for inkmaster into coin value . 
  whoa dude , thats so coooooooooooooooooooool . 
  i dont believe he has done something as wild as that . 
  `` someone '' isnt enough . 
  we need to show this to every single person alive , why should we keep infinite entertainment to ourselves when we can share it, 
  he ate too many nugs ... 
  pk and valk are usualy much better in ps4 than pc because of the reasons you said . 
  i like choosing stamina reduction with characters that can go for infinite combos , so that combo can go on for ever and my opponent will tilt into oblivion waiting for it to end . 
  it feels like that because most people do n't know how to properly 2v1 . 
  if you are aganist a group that is on a call/knows how to properly 2v1 , no matter how many revenges you get , yer fukt, 
  blizzard is basically giving out a free angry chicken !, 
  light , shoulder bash , light , shoulder bash , light , shoulder bash , light , shoulder bash . 
  its obviously not a `` high level '' play but if your opponent ca n't counter it he will tilt into oblivion and leave you with free bot kills . 
  there is an urban legend that goes : there was once a man , who sold his hair to mega stan to get the ultimate reward , the keys to the kingdom , eggluck ( tm ), 
  no one wants to go there . 
  the mods are literally hitler, 
  should have opened shadowgwent instead . 
  i love you ubi, 
  ok , not really . 
  i just hope they are getting their shit together so we can play on our own maps, 
  best time zone unit is `` x hours after this post '', 
  mobile ... :(, 
  i had a pirate warrior list ready and thankfully , it had no wild cards . 
  because i only have enough dust to create 75 % of a tier 1 deck , i 'll wait until i know which one is the best . 
  replace edwin with velen and you 've got my excact situation, 
  im sure that wr will decrease as time goes . 
  people are still trying out new stuff and the decks are not really prepared to face pirate warriors . 
  especially rogues , they have to skip turn 1-3 which makes them die before being able to play crystal core on turn 4-5 . 
  its our volcano . 
  thats why its always the no 1 priority . 
  i still need to get my warden some good gear . 
  but god damn it i want to be daubeny, 
  i like to alternate with warden/conq/orochi every rep level . 
  knowing a few other characters really helps you beat them/get better at certain skills as every character has a different `` win condition '', 
  what are they excactly doing to nerf it ? 
  just lower the cancel window ? 
  this . 
  i get that he can have problems at first and the console experience is definitely worse than pc . 
  but he just talks about it as if getting parries on console is actually impossible . 
  thats not the case at all , almost everyone can get at least a decent parry rate after playing for a few weeks . 
  `` kebab gone nuts '', 
  yep , *** 51 % *** of our country really wants to fuck themselves over . 
  s e n d h e l p, 
  it is less than 50 % but it is not because of euro-turks . 
  * cough * voter fraud * cough *, 
  40000000000 trees rotated the same way . 
  whilei agree what he did was bad . 
  just blur the names . 
  and with the good comments , i would n't want my name to be there even if i saved a little kitten from a shield bashing conq ( so you shouldnt assune its ok ) . 
  its just annoying to get friend reqs from random people . 
  that is usually the case , but some characters just ca n't start a fight . 
  its like you have to wait or you get get 100 % parried cuz ur opener sucks, 
  yes, 
  sorry , i only heal f2p hanzo mains, 
   shugoki is a class that happens to be a weeb , nobushi with cat ears is a weeb that happens to be a class, 
  ftfy, 
  i was trying to figure out what turned out to be t for a few minutes . 
  it looks like j, 
  how can i stop buying packs if i was never able to afford them in the first place ? 
  i have the daubeny one . 
  because what kind of a warden would i be without muh daubeny ? 
  dae crystal core is too weak ??!!, 
  he 's a wild dude . 
  its not a real card . 
  real cards are non-golden badic f2p only, 
  s e n d h e l p. 
  think of the poor children :(, 
  i doubt it . 
  fener will likely make it but efes and dacka are unlikely imo . 
  the refs will do some stuff too , no one else wants 3 turkish teams in the final four . 
  but lez go boisss, 
  can i be in this fancy list of yours ? 
  i have been singing this everyday since that episode . 
  i also direct everyone to that video if we are talking about the egg . 
  f2p btw ? 
  karma whoring is aganist reddits rules , downp2w ` ed . 
  i play casual to finsih quests , and i have to use t1 decks cuz its much easier . 
  i think thats the case with most people . 
  there can only be one ... 
  check mate , p2ws, 
  s p o o n. 
  i do n't know what kind of solid mashed potatoes everyone here is eating , but a normal mashed potato should just fall trough the fork . 
  * comment about how mashed potatoes are not like that *, 
  look ... 
  * some people laughing in the background *, 
  it falls trough the fork ... 
   it does n't though,
