  m e t a, 
  cross memage, 
  rob : ( basically anything he said ) any day/any month/any year, 
  you could almost say it is a, 
  shit post, 
  weird , i always imagined egg 's fanbase as little eggys with not a single piece of hair to be found on their head shouting novel and zany all the time after egg bioled their minds with the daily isek videos . 
  this works too , i guess . 
  the valcano is in a coma right now . 
  it lost its consciousness after the last punch . 
  what 's updog ? 
  now that we got the nl comment everybody can sleep happily . 
  ouija has been in a slow decline after the explosion that happened a while ago . 
  it could be a good investment if you can afford a risky , long term one . 
  i mean , me too thanks . 
  hollow knight . 
  i got the game just because some friend told me so and it is one of the best games i have ever played . 
  it would be 3 dogs if you round it up to 3, 
  g w e n t, 
  downkripped for insulting our f2p common overlord, 
  you . 
  ca n't just put a dot after the you . 
   children 's card game, 
  ftfy, 
  this actually made want to watch big brother . _ . 
  i have been saving for ~ 10 days . 
  i like to start at the 2nd month of an expansion if i have all the cards i need and a few decent decks crafted . 
  honestly , i ca n't just agree with this . 
  what you just wrote sounds like racism ... 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't like pkk but insulting the entire kurdish race for that is wrong . 
  we should be the ones that do this the least considering that the rest of the world thinks we are ignorant people who beat up protesters because * some people * make a bad impression for us . 
  i would be really sad if someone talked the same way about me and my country for that reason . 
  i 'm sure this would be the case for almost everybody else too . 
  racism is wrong , even when a group of people do bad things you ca n't put that brand on everyone else . 
  edit : grammar, 
   common legendary warlock, 
  f2p btw, 
  i did n't like the infinite comment chain your comment took me to . 
  we must seize the mrglmrgls of production . 
  poor guy 's history is full of the same thing , i guess if he is that sure i should move to gwent which is not rigged at all . 
  we definitely need more opera houses considering the population ca n't have enough of the ones that exist now . 
  the tickets get sold out immediately on everything . 
  we totally should n't maybe try to fill those ones first ... / s, 
  lord brode has talked about this in a recent interview , he said they want to keep a balance if they ever decide to do that as a good portion of the playerbase enjoys grinding out with the optimal meta deck and they do n't like the first 1/2 months that much because they ca n't do that effectively . 
  they make me feel happy, 
  its the gwent players sabotaging our sub so you get confused and join them . 
  not a rickroll , i 'm disappointed . 
  that does n't even rhyme . 
  me too thanks, 
  got both out of packs ... 
  by both i mean 800 dust . 
  daddy get 100000001 % in all 3 save files plz, 
  i like ksp but it is n't really a game i would watch nl play . 
  i would appreciate the super zany novel space ship ^ tm but it would be frustrating to watch egg do that . 
  playing thinking-heavy games both takes away from nl 's commentary and is torture to people who know how to play . 
  b u l l e t, 
  no , an official statement has been made saying it is being restored ... 
  i do n't do math, 
  obligatory northernlion comment about overlay, 
  let the zane flow trough you ... 
  i have like 6 wotog packs opened ? 
  will i still get a free yogg ? 
  your quest first, 
  i can only say that it is not a donkey , they are a slightly different color, 
   a sandwich with text under it, 
  ftfyou too thanks, 
  or they were able to enjoy satire even though it was directed towards them , like most people do ... 
  potion seller voice *, 
  can deaf people even understand this ? 
  i would imagine it takes more time for someone deaf to ` read ' sign language than a normal person listening . 
  not a simple interaction at all . 
  obviously this guy wo n't be attempting this again but both outcomes make sense and it is totaly normal to guess wrong . 
   okay , if i silence this guy now it will be a 12/12 and it wo n't go back to my opponents side at the end of the turn . 
  now that i have seen it works like this it makes sense but its not easy to predict if you do n't know how potion of madness works ( if it just gives it to you with charge and gives it back at the end or if your ownership is a temporary status that gets effected by silence ... ), 
  yep , it writes `` imitation '' or something like that below the card , on the applied effects list , when a card is summoned by barnes, 
  i say under , he will surely open twitter one day and read the tweet that calls him an idiot for not understanding that ... 
  never kill jeb, 
  golden rule of ksp, 
  i literally have no idea what the tetris theme sounds like . 
  its in sign language , duh, 
  why are there 15 copies of this exact photo posted by you in this sub right now . 
  i mean ... me too thanks . 
   `` i want to be a parasite ! '', 
  now replace it with :, 
  `` i want to live freely without doing any work ! '', 
  it seems quite possible ... 
  my insurance says i should be careful but fuck them, 
  yeah , then never even get to any other country before you ded . 
  tfw when nlss circlejerk is on r/all, 
  lets goooooooooo, 
  i actually do n't get what is wrong with this at all . 
  he complemented a reporter for being pretty , thats a decent thing to do if anything . 
  obligatory i do n't like trump but saying he is a bad person for this is just ridiculous . 
   acting like a creep, 
  he complimented someone for their look ffs . 
  i am not pro-trump but i do n't have to be to see that you guys are hurting your own reputation by trying to insult him for this . 
  there is so much decent clear material out there to blame him for but this just makes you guys look like desperate fools ... 
  this is basically shooting yourself in the foot especially when `` fake news are exaggerating everything trump does '' and `` the left is desperate and they have no actual story '' is a common argument . 
  buzzfeed is making themselves look even worse than they already are while r/politics proves that they are turning into a dumb circlejerky hell with no real discussion to be had . 
  sounds like a personal problem to me . 
  i honestly stated that i do n't support him for transparency and you do n't believe me .
