  or 14 damage to face, 
  definitely better than using 16 dragonfire potions in panic and not getting anything out of it, 
  if only frost lich jaina looked like she did in the trailer , then it would be perfect, 
  i just downloaded kas/kis to start my modded adventures but i have no idea what anything does . 
  i seem to have an inventory and i can place things from it but they just do n't attach and drift into space . 
  i also seem to have some wires and grappling hooks i can grab , but i do n't get what those do either . 
  can someone explain what i 'm supposed to do with those parts/how people do giant mun bases with them . 
  eu never gets to play with their new cards and make their own decks . 
  by the time we get the expansion everyone on na has already figured out that x deck does n't work and y deck is really good . 
  even if you start playing the second the expansion is released on eu you wo n't get to with/against those clumsy decks because na has already figured it out for you . 
  that is the interaction we are talking about here . 
  even if you do n't watch youtube/twitch yourself other people will and they will instantly copy the `` 85 % winrate control hunter by z streamer '', 
  and just why not ? 
  this is an online ccg , they do n't need to ship the cards , all they have to do is get better servers/borrow some . 
  just let us have it at the same time so we can all have fun together and share the experience . 
  it works on my tablet though . 
  fix your edit op  :(, 
  ca n't they borrow some diablo servers during release . 
  i do n't think that many people will complain if diablo is laggy for a few hours . 
  joust is more than a 50 % chance like most people think it is . 
  it actually gets you to think about your decklist more and cards like [ [ that shaman one which costed 3 mana and healed for 7/14 ] ] could have been taken even further to give control decks a card to survive against aggro that is less useful in mirrors . 
  both of these mechanics could be really fun if blizz creates the right cards, 
  i think its trying to say something to us but i ca n't really figure it out ... 
  i went with control pally and fatigued him . 
  turns out playing 45 bonestorms is preeeety bad, 
  i guess i 'm just evil . 
  the type depends on hoe lazy i feel though, 
  mention me too thanks, 
  his weapon would be, 
  coconut gun - 5 attack 3 durability battlecry : fire in spurts, 
  isek looks really good, 
  the others either just plain images or just are really weird . 
  the edges are realy hard to see, 
  i know someone will screen shot this and post it there now . 
  but r/me _ irl is too busy waiting for u/waterguy12 so we will never get to the front page . 
  they did n't care what the building looked like from above which is pretty fair imo . 
  last thing i would worry about when planning something like this is `` what if they look at this from a plane/google maps, 
  i can respect that, 
  came here to say that . 
  yes !, 
  this is the deck i 've been looking forward to since the rogue dk reveal . 
  i just want to ask , does the weapon really help ? 
  i thought it would be kinda useless since you already have a weapon up most of the time and si-7 covers that spot anyways . 
  also , 2 mimic pod and one vilespine ? 
  why ? 
  excuse me sir , do you have time to talk about our lord and savior yogg ? 
  is snek ? 
  mention me too thanks, 
  silence/inner fire priest has been really good for me . 
  maybe its just me being lucky but i have 75 % winrate with it . 
  the sad thing is , i did n't add koft cards because i could n't find anything good enough to put in . 
  we do n't deserve them , blizzard should use that server space for people who can read . 
  nice cover dude , no one will suspect a thing this way !, 
  i mean me too thanks, 
  silence priest or any version with the divine spirit inner fire combo does really good against druid , especially if you just steal one of their scarabs and buff that for the kill . 
  rogue always takes longer to figure out . 
  just look at water rogue , it came out in the very end of gadgetzan meta . 
  the dk card needs some heavy experimentation since it synergieses incredibly uniquely with each card . 
  i still believe we will get a good rogue list later down the road , even if it did n't get that many new tools . 
  dae back in my days we did n't take photos and we enjoyed the moment ? 
  xddd . 
  people ca n't take a few seconds out of their lives to take a photo amirite, 
  g o o d b o y e, 
  it has more 4 mana 7/7s , which is pretty much the essence of all card games made to this day, 
  lets just make a medivh hero of everything . 
  the guy can already play himself as a card , why not let him play himself against other medivhs that play different versions of medivh . 
   4packlento, 
  ftfy, 
  there used to be tons of theaters that played 5 mins of ads before the movie starts max . 
  now we get min 20 mins before and 20 mins in the middle . 
  at least they let you in late though so you can go there late . 
  i sometimes see a text , go on reddit or read something english , then when i reply to the text i start to do it in english . 
  i always delete it when i realize but i can see how you can mess it up : /, 
  `` oh look this guy has 15 burst in his hand , and i 'm at 3 hp . 
  let just draw 10 cards from my auctineer and earthen scales my 69/69 jades a few times . '', 
  the deck ca n't die to burst , fatigue , chip , aggro and ca n't possibly be out valued . 
  now it has an insane card draw that also heals and summons a decent minion . 
  i guess we thought blizzard would not go with the shitty version when a much better version was already revealed, 
  you get to be a pleb once again, 
  i do n't think he can send it overseas . 
  i died turn 2 to that her damage the player for spells in their hand thing :(, 
  what is happening here ? 
  `` bad news , everyone . 
  it 's millhouse ! '', 
  but is it snek ? 
  except austin , he thinks beer is a lie , or whatever . 
  i 'm starting to think this is an ai struggling to become self conscious . 
  we might be looking at the begging of the end right here and its f2p, 
  i do n't think that is a bug . 
  mimic pod creates a normal copy of the card drawn . 
  gets countered by dirty rat . 
  literally unplayable . 
  then it gets counterspelled . 
  i do n't think this card will ever see play no matter how hard you try . 
  i just love how the game is in the `` is this a sandwich '' debate . 
  pretty sure it is on ckan, 
  thats the difference between copying a minion on the board and an unplayed card , i guess . 
  also , consistency ^ tm, 
  do you guys actually put the card in the machine yourselves ? 
  i 've never heard of that before : /,
