  i feel like ooze can be really good , i have it instead of finley and it has done some good work in aggro vs aggro matchups . 
  never thaught about fearie dragon though , i always thought it was just for the dragon version which is a little less aggressive . 
  but i do n't think you should remove stb . 
  even though it is a 1/1 now and gets pinged easily , you do n't always need to play it on turn 1 . 
  it creates some really good pressure when you also have bigger threats like kor ` kron elite on the board . 
  i also did n't get a single word . 
  how do you cancel an attack in the first place . _ . 
  am i supposed to get it now ? 
  because i just voted and i do n't have anything, 
  it says that you should contact costumer support if you want to do that . 
  you have more than 3 classes unlocked , you p2w scum . 
  is n't that trump , mayor of value town ? 
  i would n't because i just like all advanture cards . 
  but if you wo n't play wild , ever , do it . 
  it would either be a dead card or 400 dust . 
  bli $ $ ard actually paid me with goblins v gnomes packs to complain about hearthstone so more people would move on to gwent . 
  sorry starving buzzard , i had to say it, 
  because there really would n't be a point for shadow madness to exist then ... blizz wants you to think . 
  and the card text would be too long, 
  make sure it wasnt in tour hand ... 
  and no , kazamakus is good unless you have 3 different dupes in your deck, 
  this has been known for a while now ... its stats are hard coded . 
  i have never seen blizz respond to that though . 
  15k dust + hall of fame dust ... 
  `` a few decks , hopefully '' i guess the newest card will be * if you have all golden legendaries , win the game *, 
  gadgetzan greenman is a rare , you p2w scum . 
  i love how he pushes patches back into his cannon . 
  thought i was on r/hearthstonecirclejerk for a second . 
  i found out about eggster when watxhing his ftl series . 
  i have gone back and watched all videos he made since ep1 of reborth after that . 
  ps , we want ftl and dankest dungeon back, 
  the episode where he sings `` scum stay away '', 
  dumb fact :, 
  the first card i ever crafted was angry chicken . 
  i thought angry chicken + pw tentacles was the most op combo ever so i built my deck around that . 
  i did n't lose a single match until rank 20 with angry chicken priest . 
  rip 200 dust . 
  soooo ... ranked mode is for people who want to win . 
  you should either go to casual mode or shut up about it ... 
  i try to not get into 2v1s , especially if it involves running away the sec deathmatch starts , makes it so boring for both sides . 
  but i 'm fine with ledges , its your fault you do n't know how to counter gb and i will punish you for it . 
  sleep tight toast . 
  now give me my upvotes, 
  ikr , it is a p2w common card . 
  where are our basic 4 mana 7/7s , blisserd, 
  they are a company and they know how to maximize their profits ... 
  unless you are a million dollar business owner , you ca n't really criticize them for that . 
  no one will give out free shit just because you want to . 
  nazi modes removed the circlejerk users from r/hearthstone they do n't want us to leave . 
  lamborginidonglestvvvv will be really sad if he is left alone . 
  i want finley , but i do n't have him . 
  i just wanted to give it as an example as the same amount of success ooze has achieved instead of him will continue when you sub it for other cards . 
  should i have gotten it by now ? 
  just watch a random isek video . 
  it will be in there somewhere, 
  i will take you back, 
  you are the best , holy land, 
  the pope wills it, 
  whooops , forgot that pope was n't 2 syllables lol, 
  after 10 hours of farming soldiers , we have finally unlocked the thick blood passive . 
  get ready bois , we 'll go and hunt some pks, 
  go play an isek ugly, 
  i voted sheep because i want to get my packs from the mayor noggonfogger zoo deck, 
  you still copied it , even if you did n't know it was posted here . 
  come back when you have original content or just do n't post at all, 
  a 1/4 chance is already restricted enough . 
  also , what if the enemy rolled 1/1 totem the turn before and got the spell power to win the game next turn . 
  people would still complain about how `` wow he got the 1/3 and i hate how its still a 1/3 even though i killed is previous totem . '', 
  the only way to make the shaman hero power `` good '' according to people like you would be changing it completely . 
  which we all know wo n't happen . 
  so your play is to stop complaining about a 1/4 chance that is 100 % expected to be there . 
  ps the example you gave as your inspiration is clearly not what happens all the times and can be proven by statistics , luck is a factor in this game and wo n't go anywhere soon . 
  orochi should be : `` run away until the timer goes off and piss off everyone '', 
  firebat tried , gave up in the end, 
  are you deleting any data in your ps4 to make room ? 
  do you have enough room in your ps4 ? 
  do you close the game properly ? 
  if all of your answers are yes , i have no idea . 
  maybe you can try reinstalling , you wo n't lose anything since it did n't save in the first place, 
  use the omega penny to get both, 
  the button should be enough . 
  but it has trouble doing that by itself sometimes so you might want to rebuild your database ( google how to do it , it wo n't delete anything . ), 
  i do n't know all four but i know lb ca n't stop it as his animation is too slow for it to do that so you are left at a 33 % chance . 
  and it is still really frustrating to play aganist even with characters that are fast enough as it takes almost no skill to use but can kill someone easily . 
  it should be nerfed if the game wants some proper competitive play . 
  i do n't know who voted jade druid when huntertaker was there . 
  but please seek help , immideatly . 
  got it 5 minutes ago ( eu ), 
  i can get a little angry ( obv not as much as that guy ) because for a meme deck to beat you there needs to be a lot of luck involved . 
  i do n't think i need to explain why luck can make me a teeny tiny teeny little bit mad, 
  ehhh , its a reno deck at the end and those all have some decent amount of it . 
  anyways , i was trying to make a point about meme decks in general ... 
  call in the finishers value !, 
  anyfin can happen succeded before . 
  and that is the whole thing with murlocs , they have spells with bad puns in their names that synergise with them . 
  at one point game balance becomes more important than lore accuracy . 
  and since they did those cards before elementals they have to give up some of them for balance . 
  nice post though !, 
  290 ms on ps4 . 
  i use a random tv,
