  what happened ? 
  i 'm away from internet capable of loading any video . 
  if you just round everything to 4/5 , a perfect 5/5 will round down to 4/5 . 
  hey * [ removed because actual name ] * , i hope you had a nice weekend !, 
  i did n't think this was possible but his forehead looks even bigger without eye brows . 
  i thought it was a robot, 
  its not a beast either . 
  no surprise here . 
  un ` goro was better than normal because it was the first expansion of the new format and it had more cards than previous expansions . 
  now that we have a decent card pool , obly the best cards make it into the meta and cards that would be ok to run do n't make the cut . 
  i dont think any of the xcom series or ftl has a list . 
  i 'm not exactly sure and i 'm too lazy to check his playlists for it, 
  rip, 
  i just do n't get it . 
  how hard is it to hold your finger on the image and save it or just crop the empty balck area/search bar . 
  video not working for me . _ . 
  i would n't . 
  i have dk uther but i ca n't use it at all since i do n't have any of the other legendaries in the deck . 
  i only got to play casual games with it and it sucks without any other cards :(, 
  there is also a photo of melania looking up without glasses while the other 2 have them on . 
  i 'm confused right now, 
  or just potion of madness , divine spirit x2 inner fire for lethal, 
  it was night time for me so i got 7 colors by staring at the general direction of the sun . 
  i shall name the other 4 colors : me , too , thank , s, 
  its pretty common , yes . 
  people only do it when the other lane is visibly empty and there is empty space infront of the car you are trying to pass . 
  this guy got it wrong with both though . 
  is it blessed day or wednesday ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  how would we know if something is epic if weedbro did n't tell us it is ? 
  thank you weedbro !, 
  edit - a word, 
  that changes from deck to deck . 
  the best advice i have for you is play the deck , look at the results . 
  after playing a deck for a while , you will be thinking to yourself `` x card was really helpful against y class . 
  i think i can get rid of z card for it since it does n't make much of a difference . '', 
  some trackers give you your win % against each class when you have a specific card in your hand . 
  that can be really useful but just paying attention will do fine . 
  i do n't get it , i 'm not exactly sure i want to get it though . 
  there is a joke about skuling geist here that i 'm not smart enough to make . 
  you also dealt 2 damage to all other minions on board . 
  its a worse consecration for 8 mana . 
  what ? 
  you can mc drones ? 
  i never even thought about trying that since robots do n't really have minds to control . 
  that seems kinda dumb to me, 
  is there a photo of it or something , tried googleing it but could n't find anything, 
  thank you, 
  he looks like the guy from the tgt trailer , definitely not reno though . 
  i ca n't imagine a religion that allows suicide would have any followers anyway . 
  it can work if done properly but this is one is bad . 
  the dialogue is so boring and the drawing is the same image but the guy 's head is flipped in a frame . 
  edit-relevant username, 
  when did malfurios get wings ? 
  what is happening here ? 
  while the girl is having so much f u n w a a, 
  i think its left column then right column . 
  still not funny though . 
  it turns into a million burnt sticks . 
  stick win everytime . 
  ps4 always gives too high of a number if you paise it . 
  wait ~ 15 mins and it will reduce to 10 % of what it is most of he time . 
  while i 'm at it i would rather get turn two lethal from mana wyrm + glyph combo . 
  if i 'm gon na get lucky at least let me get really lucky . 
  or you just shut down the device accidentally and lose the game because of a disconnect . 
  happened to me before : /, 
  how did you get warlock , shaman , hunter , and druid cards ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  what am i supposed to do on turn two now ? 
  not emote after healing my opponent ? 
  did n't he recently delete all of his videos with nazi jokes in them or something ? 
  i think i read it somewhere that he thought it was ok since there were no real nazis but his opinion changed after charlottesville . 
  b l o o d y h e l l f i r e, 
  wtfff, 
  they would have gotten rid of the bushes if that was the case though . 
  i do n't know what i expected from someone that uses google + bu this definitely was n't it . 
  how many packs do you get for the team you picked though ? 
  me too thanks, 
  it has been ages since god left this place , there is only gumwaa now . 
  owie, 
  he was sacrificed for science , he should be proud . 
  i 'm on mobile but just knowing people will have to look at this sidebar is good enough for me . 
  / u/samanu resigned, 
  he lost that white spot on his neck . 
  firstly , just get a good classic collection , it does n't have to be anything crazy but you should have the core classic cards for a few classes ( cards that are in most decks of that class ) and for that you need to watch some streams/videos or just find someone that is n't too lazy to make that list for you ( unlike me ) . 
  arena can be a good way to farm gold if you enjoy the mode/are good at it . 
  sites like heartharena can be really useful if you want to get in to arena . 
  for the time being , just have fun . 
  it will be hard for you to make a fully competitive deck for at leadt a few months . 
  ps : do n't forget to shitpost frequently , blizzard rigs the rng and gives you bad cards if you do n't shitpost . 
  yes . 
  i live in turkey and many of my friends struggle with prepositions and a/an vs the . 
  we do n't have anything like those in turkish and people just seem to use them randomly . 
  i would say that is because many people create the sentence in their native language then translate it to english ( many of my friends write their essays in turkish then rewrite it in english ) so they forget to add those in when they translate . 
  the readon may was in the last snapshot was because they wanted to emphasize the power level, 
  of druid and they decided to do it in a funny way . 
  i think it said something like `` the deck is not that good but we put in in s tier because its druid . '', 
  i think you mean `` plag '', 
  mooooom , this guy said a meany word to me heeeeeeelp, 
  / u/casualhearthmemebot,
