  because we really want the `` glad you could make it , uther '' line and no one can stop us . 
  * holds up spork *, 
  why though ? 
  why would n't they want a jury is knowledgeable about the legal system ? 
  bad bot, 
  he was the guy that revealed ui . 
  he is responsible for all this , he should have just said that the card is broken and blizz should change it immediately before revealing it . 
  this whole druid thing is only because of trump . 
  r/hearthstonecirclejerk requires more creative content than r/hearthstone at this point . 
  f2p budget aggro priest player btw, 
  rage comics + bald weed bro . 
  i have seen everything now . 
  i 'm finally ready to forget gumwaa and ascend, 
  mage opponent gives you his shimmering tempest with a treachery they got from kabal courier and immediately kills it so you burn a card . 
  you burn your mysterious challenger but it does n't matter since you got a glacial mysteries from the shimmering tempest . 
  tb is saying that nl should be able to relate to them as the rabbits are characters who pretend to be educated and useful to the group, 
  edit - masquerade, 
  pretend to be someone one is not . 
  i do n't think this is a `` the last number after you upvote is you '' post . 
  you are supposed to pick one so the op could have as many as he/she wants . 
  it is a reference to one episode of dexter 's lab where dexter learns french . 
  the french audio disk thing gets stuck in his sleep and when he wakes up the only thing he can say is `` omletye du fromage '' ( cheese omlette ? ), 
  sites like 9gag spam it in the comments whenever something about france is mentioned in the post . 
  why does he have arms on his cheeks ? 
  this has to be satire . 
  me too thanks, 
  what if you play dk guldan while you are jarraxus , does that count as dying ? 
  i mean , this image came up before i got to scroll down at all . 
  it really is scared easily . 
  nlss `` beer and wine are lies and anyone who likes them is lying '' circlejerk, 
  around rank 25-18 is apparently full of hunters that have really good win rates , at least thats what blizz keeps saying anyway . 
  and its not that hard to believe that new players ca n't manage to control the board in the early game and/or build decks with enough early game . 
  obviously blizz should n't balance around those people but you ca n't just ignore them . 
  zany , novel , dicy , facetious , equilibrium , dusted and lets gooo, 
  i was talking about more face/aggro decks , but that also works , i guess . 
  i want free shit, 
  - be realistic, 
  ok , i want a balanced meta, 
  - ok , what packs do you want ? 
  ftfy, 
  he made more epic jokes, 
  so you blame women for men-hating but you are doing the same thing to them ? 
  seems fair, 
  edit - a word, 
  just here for the gold - nothing else , i just want gold, 
  at least your game did n't crash when you played it : / i got 2 rattling rascals and as if that was n't enough , i ca n't even play them . 
  the experience on ios is really good , the only thing that is worse than pc is you ca n't do some challenges that involve never using the pause button , other than that it is really good . 
  the only thing you might want to look up is quests to unlock some ships but the game is so much more enjoyable when you discover them on your own imo . 
  other than that everything in the game is pretty good at explaining what it does , they give you all stats you need . 
  it might take a few runs to evaluate whether a certain type of weapon/augment is good but its not something you have to look up . 
  you are such a mad lad !, 
  because it is easier to climb and get those sweet epics . 
  not for me though , i 'm rank 15 for life anyway, 
  blizzard and stealing everyone 's money, 
  this is the meme police , you are under arrest for sharing illegal memes . 
  you have the right to me too thanks . 
  he is joking , obviously . 
  next time tag your post as [ serious ] instead of [ question ], 
  hey jeff , hope you are having a good day !, 
  g\u0326\u031f\u0347\u0320\u0320o\u0319\u0320o\u0333\u0320\u0324d\u0334\u031f \u0340\u034d\u0316\u0319\u0325\u033cb\u0362\u0319\u032c\u033b\u032a\u0354\u0324o\u0316\u0326\u0316\u0356t\u035a\u033b\u0324\u0325\u0355\u032c\u032c, 
  then do n't , easy solution . 
  i wonder what we can make go wrong today, 
  its a typo , not crappy design . 
  what is this seeable thing ? 
  did i miss the new gumwaa or something ? 
  i do n't think he is going to come back :(, 
  i do n't like sand . 
  it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  this is a christian subreddit , please be more careful next time or we will have to ban you . 
  weedbro has yellow emoji hands . 
  add it to the wiki . 
  dude , its me_irl you ca n't expect quality content from them . 
  i mean me too thanks, 
  please no more pirates until nzoths first mate and friends rotate out . 
  do n't do this to us , blizz, 
  for the lazy :, 
   my government has done very nice things , i see them . 
  for example , bridge 3 . 
  if you admire it , you can not go back to the waterside wing . 
  i do not have a car but i go to the municipal bus every day and watch for an hour . 
  if you are squeezed from the bridge ( you know what the donkey is welcome , we know the organism and your gay princess does not know them ) marmaray . 
  at least as smart as a name . 
  we did it with capon engineers and paddle trucks . 
  the money was also paid by a sucker private company . 
  rahahaha this liberal and non-producing state is great . 
  you can not stand jealousy to see the eurasian tunnel , so you go back to the village , the western side , without ever seeing it . 
  if you say you are a little sacrifice of the bridges , your double roads are enough ; cultural tours to the countryside , to the gardens , to the wonders , to the day , illuminate yourself a little with the culture of your country . 
  if you want to develop the culturally more , you have baby starbaks . 
  our young and educated people go there . 
  they discuss the poetry and philosophy in the wake of the waves and embrace the kahves . 
  chat with them and learn something . 
  its treason then, 
  you forgot the grammar error . 
  this meme gets worse and worse as i look at it . 
  this seems like a really bad story you would write for your highschool english class, 
  can confirm , am competitive mine sweeper player and shits intense . 
  now i have to watch pubg videos : / thanks , austin . 
  no , please do n't make another gold train that does n't get any gold :(, 
  just post it to r/northernlion a week later for even more karma, 
  they were making a point with druid .
