  and jaina looks completely different from what she looked like in the trailer . 
  considering they made the hunter card same , i would expect the trailer to be accurate . 
  hey its me , your science teacher . 
  you forgot to specify the units again, 
  no , u, 
  i unyeah ` ed this post, 
  and near stadiums . 
  when you go to a football game you just park your car here and come back immediately after the game , since everybody arrives at the same time , there is no concern of blocking people off . 
  this same logic could be applied to somewhere else too but i have never seen this in anywhere else so i 'll stick with what i know, 
  the guy is a criminal mastermind . 
  saying things like that removes all suspicion . 
  but we know . 
  we know that northern is responsible for almost all of the celebrity deaths of the past 5 years . 
  i just love the names !, 
  why did n't i think of that before . 
  i got a golden legendary and a normal one after the 4packlentos . 
  do n't take them away blizz :(, 
  bad bot, 
  use the zoltan ship for an easy win , it is good practice . 
  bad bot, 
  am tree , give water please, 
  i mean me too thanks, 
  why would astronauts track you ? 
  ^ wait ^ guys ^ i ^ messed ^ up, 
  and i ca n't change my game plan to kill my opponent in 9 turns ( 11-2 ice blocks is about the avarage ) because my deck has 0 early or mid game . 
  getting the cards now is always better . 
  its ~ 3 weeks if we take mid august around the 15th which is a lot of time if you want to play with a new deck . 
  not yet . 
  [ here is how bernie can still win . 
   long wall of text about the neuroscience of trump and every single american . 
  i made a single prediction and i said the hubter quest was bad . 
  lucky me , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure the meme face version was also posted before . 
  spyro # 12740 eu , yours first, 
  done, 
  we just need a 1/3 that gains +1 attack for each mana crystal lost . 
  if your apm is high enough you can attack before she dies . 
  i thought the battlecry came before the minion gets on the board though . 
  finally rogues have healing once again !, 
  a teyze was saying `` god finally punished us for our terrible decisions , i do n't deserve this , '' next to me when we were hiding . 
  and we all know a teyze is always right . 
  i thought they deleted tunnel trogg, 
  s y n e r g y, 
  obviously this comes with a new 10 mana legendary that spawns all ticking minions that died this game . 
  shame it wo n't be played because its too p2w, 
  blessings to you . 
  jk , feelseuman, 
  i want someone to find out how many times nl has talked about the heat death of the universe vs immortality . 
  i bet on heat death, 
  because i now get to play with my sweet lyra before new cards come out : /, 
  she looks dead in the end where all death knights pose together . 
  i would much rather have something like that instead of the one blizz made . 
  a whole town of beings , confined to feeling one emotion their entire life . 
  that could honestly be the focus of an entire movie , but in the emoji movie that 's just the world they live in , and yet these beings do n't question it and carry on their lives as normal ... the emoji movie takes a far more subtle approach meaning critics probably did n't notice the strong existential themes present in the film upon first viewing . 
  the main characters in this movie are the exception of course , this is also an interesting plot device and further conveys strong themes . 
  while there is nothing wrong with our main characters we see them shunned from society as being able to feel more than one emotion is just too much for the other emojis to comprehend , they 're scared of what characters like gene and jailbreak represent and the ramifications of being able to feel more than one emotion . 
  as the audience we are aware that these fears are completely unjustified and despite the bigotry and societal rejection faced by the protagonists we relate to the protagonists as we know what it 's like to feel more than one emotion . 
  these strong themes of bigotry went sadly unnoticed by critics . 
  so is the emoji movie perfect ... no , i do have a few problems with this film . 
  the established rules set by the universe are often broken for comedic reasons . 
  you 'd expect the poo emoji to constantly feel like shit however thought the film we see him and his son express multiple emotions , the problem with this is that they do n't face the same oppression that we see gene and jailbreak go through . 
  moments like this completely took me out of the world . 
  overall the emoji movie is a 9/10 for me , while the film does an excellent job at conveying themes it often lets itself down with scenes that are contradictory , with these scenes cut out it could potentially be the citizen kane of animated films . 
  a whole town of beings , confined to feeling one emotion their entire life . 
  that could honestly be the focus of an entire movie , but in the emoji movie that 's just the world they live in , and yet these beings do n't question it and carry on their lives as normal ... the emoji movie takes a far more subtle approach meaning critics probably did n't notice the strong existential themes present in the film upon first viewing . 
  the main characters in this movie are the exception of course , this is also an interesting plot device and further conveys strong themes . 
  while there is nothing wrong with our main characters we see them shunned from society as being able to feel more than one emotion is just too much for the other emojis to comprehend , they 're scared of what characters like gene and jailbreak represent and the ramifications of being able to feel more than one emotion . 
  as the audience we are aware that these fears are completely unjustified and despite the bigotry and societal rejection faced by the protagonists we relate to the protagonists as we know what it 's like to feel more than one emotion . 
  these strong themes of bigotry went sadly unnoticed by critics . 
  so is the emoji movie perfect ... no , i do have a few problems with this film . 
  the established rules set by the universe are often broken for comedic reasons . 
  you 'd expect the poo emoji to constantly feel like shit however throughout the film we see him and his son express multiple emotions , the problem with this is that they do n't face the same oppression that we see gene and jailbreak go through . 
  moments like this completely took me out of the world . 
  overall the emoji movie is a 9/10 for me , while the film does an excellent job at conveying themes it often lets itself down with scenes that are contradictory , with these scenes cut out it could potentially be the citizen kane of animated films . 
  not necessarily . 
  getting divine spirit inner fire combo from lyra for giant minions is cool and all but after your opponent removes lyra you usually are just looking at the board like , `` what the fuck am i going to do now ? '', 
  getting cards like these is good so you do n't run out of stuff after lyra . 
  there is always northernlion , he is * terrible * at the game but it is pretty funny . 
  lets gooo, 
  his coconut gun can fire in spurts, 
  now i have a sweet mayor noggenfkhber for maximum meme potential !, 
  i hope so , just got it from my pack and i miss playing 35 drakonid operatives . 
  i might be able to play even more if i bring my self to craft the legendary and get a mirror . 
  i was going to upvote then i saw you call shitposts dumb . 
  i ca n't bring myself to upvote now : /, 
  can confirm . 
  this was my first time in arena after the tutorial free run and i averaged 6.5 wins with some help from online tier lists . 
  r/prequelmemes is leaking again . 
  maybe i 'm the idiot here and i need to woosh myself but, 
  its a bot, 
  this same thing is also on r/me _ irl and the top comment is about northern . 
  i 'm so confused right now . 
  why the fuck do i keep finding things about northernlion in every single sub ? 
  i think i am actually going mad . 
  i 'm pretty sure it goes both ways unless you are too lazy to write the of in `` 5th of may '' : /, 
  what ? 
  the red items are contraband like you have told me to many times ? 
  wow !, 
  just a screenshot of a post from r/jokes gets to the top of the front page . 
  i won a mage game and i unlocked a golden priest card : /,
