  not liking someone does n't mean you should hate everything they do , it is an important skill to say `` i do n't like him but he did a good job by doing x '' or just admitting that everything they do is not terrible and some things can be fine ( which is what happened in this situation ) . 
  boss calls assistant next to him - hey [ person ] you look great today, 
  assistant - thanks, 
  this is a completely normal conversation that can occur at any time . 
  the boss here could be flirting and that could be why he said it but it does n't have to be like that , maybe he just wanted to compliment the assistant because they looked good and he is just a good person . 
   his history of sexual harrowing should n't be ignored . 
  you are not ignoring anything by saying `` it is fine that he complimented someone . '', 
  whether trump has that sort of history , i have no idea , i have n't done enough research about that topic but i would n't look at this and say to myself , `` yep , that guy is a racist . '', 
  or `` i wonder what he does to other women alone if he acts like this on camera . '', 
  if you think that he should be found guilty for those reasons you probably have some evidence that supports it , use that . 
  this ` story ' simply does n't mean anything , does n't create a discussion , and basically makes you less credible because anything else you say might come off as `` hey look , this person exaggerated this story too , i should n't trust them . '', 
  which is the narrative the right wingers depend on ( or others alike but you get the point . ), 
  the only way you can convince those people is by being 100 % honest , transparent , and clear . 
  excuse me for this wall of text i did n't want it to be this long at all and it might be terribly written because of my headache . 
  i just did n't want anybody to think that i was trying to avoid this by not replying . 
  edit - typos, 
  like the other person said , he wanted to be a good person in front of the cameras . 
  ( maybe he just wanted to be a good person and the cameras did n't matter but we ca n't know this for sure , and the first is more likely . ), 
  its a nice thing to compliment someone and i guess he wanted people to think `` wow , what a gentleman , he is so wholesome . '', 
  or something like that . 
  even if he had the idea of having sex with her in his mind , there is nothing in this story that would suggest that he had such an intention . 
  this was normal , everyday behavior . 
  i probably would have said it anyway just to be transparent about it , but yeah , i feel like r/politics is getting further away from its point , discussion , every day . 
  there are enough subs for everyone to just shout at each other things that they all agree on , but not enough subs that challenge people 's opinions , and it is not just x group that his this problem , almost everyone struggles with this . 
  i would criticize the people who said it was wrong and obama was a sexual predator or something . 
  like i said above , i do not support trump but i just think that making a big deal out of this story is wrong . 
  i do n't know how others that supported would respond to that but i am not responsible for those people . 
  right before the next expansion , right after i got bored with the card !, 
  love you blizz, 
  i do n't think anyone would need telling that spinning uncontrollably in mid air with a rocket ship is a bad idea, 
  i think it is a banana but i 'm not sure, 
  then die outside ... 
  i did the same but with the bird because i was disappointed blizz did n't update the brawl with it, 
  my bamboozle insurance says do n't do it but fuck them , i want to get bamboozled, 
  i finally get the adventures, 
  rip all the gold i saved up though : /, 
  you ca n't buy it because bli $ $ ard made it too expensive . 
  f2p btw, 
  it means that it is sunday , right ? 
  beetle berries , my favorite, 
  one of them has rotten after a million isek episodes and lost all common sense . 
  i prefer to have 15 ships locked 60km apart from each other . 
  jeb gets to jump from ship to ship with the science until he gets to one that has enough fuel left . 
  i just slap a million solid fuel boosters on the spaceship and pray . 
  oh look another bald man with glasses on , they all look the same amirite, 
  where you live ? 
  especially if it has a scary effect that your opponent does n't want, 
  he also used a stranger 's toothbrush without asking, 
  yep , even if we did n't get any free shit out of it , it is still much better than nothing . 
  some cards that are not evil versions but convert the hero to an evil version . 
  something like shadowform maybe . 
  do you wan na build a snowman ? 
  i want to build a snowman !, 
  tirion would make sense p, 
  minions that will cost too much in the first place +2 mana from the hero power ? 
  i ca n't see this seeing any play unless this becomes the most greedy meta of all time . 
  thats what i have been wondering . 
  is it safe to open all my packs then do the missions with those cards or do i have to finish the adventure first so i do n't get duplicates ? 
   learning, 
  i 'm pretty sure he gets worse every day . 
  where was this when i had to watch a 3 hour video that explains this . 
  how can he get something that does n't even exist ? 
  1 - yes, 
  2 - they will turn into the death knight version of the default skin . 
  pssst nl , op meant m when saying km . 
  please do n't try to go to the sun for a kerbin flight mission, 
  just make it standart , please . 
  mage card : give the player a random mage card . 
  they deserve some privacy . 
  i thought the whole plot was that medivh did n't invite him . _ . 
  i thought some lion king stuff was going on at first . 
  you know , lyra holding a sunshard baby on a hill and all the other shards watching and cheering . 
  `` let me just add 15 solid fuel boosters on top of each other and we will be fine . '', 
  i sonder what happens when you play someone with the update . 
  please play a mirror match with a friend that has the update and tell us :p, 
  robert ... 
  should have moved just a bit higher to steal the goal without changing its direction too much :p, 
  where is this meme from ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they do . 
  you ca n't get a golden copy of a legendary you already own unless you have everything . 
  he is looking at some dirty jaywalkers, 
  got another lakari sacrifice . 
  thank you 4packlento, 
  i do n't either , help . 
  not wnough early game feelsbadman, 
  put him on orbit with his jetpack then send 50 recovery missions to collect him . 
  oh , i was trying to make sense of the kolento one . 
  thanks !, 
  i actually did it once . 
  it was n't a perfectly stable orbit but i was able to get jeb in the ship without any of them crashing into the mun . 
  every canadian actor known to men is missing . 
  i have an evetci friend . 
  we tried to explain everything to him a million times , he even accepted the facts and was closely following . 
  at the end the only response we got was `` hayircilara ve fetoculere inat , evet '' ( yes to fuck feto and no voters . ), 
  its worse than any kind of blind support because they know its wrong and it has major consequences . 
  it does n't just have to be positive things . 
  the media exaggerates everything in the same bad light to prove their point . 
  eg : there was a news article about some monuments being restored in gallipoli a few months ago , several outside sources immediately said `` turkey to remove monuments at gallipoli '' or things like that . 
  it got top post in a bunch of news and country subs while the article correcting that got no where near . 
  as someone who follows western media that is not a turkey only issue , it happens in all news sources to all types of people/countries but i do n't think it is a coincidence that it happens a lot more to turkey .
