do you expect anything else from robert ? 
  northern * he officially changed his name for his esports carrier, 
  the memes have gone too far, 
  can you give a deck list please ? 
  i also have been playing for 3 seasons but i can barely make it above rank 14 with my shaman deck that doesnt have any pirate synergy . 
  i got knuckles from a gadgetzan pack . 
  i do n't really want to dust him but i 'm not a big fan of agro decks ( as they are boring and pirates would trash me anyway ) does anybody have any type of deck that can be kind of a `` midrange hunter '' ? 
  yep , i 'm glad we do n't have `` jade druid that never fatigues mirror where the game cant end '', 
  only got to kill my opponent by turn 3 ... 
  lets go knights , show these dumb vikings and weebs who is the real king here !, 
  i live in jerusalem and even i want to retake it . 
  for the crusade, 
  i agree , the main criticism we crusaders get is not planning anything . 
  would love to have a daily `` war plan '' pinned at the top to learn about our plans for the day and where we want to be by the end kf the week etc. 
  they are looking to get carried by their teammates . 
  let them feed us more assets so we can end the weebs forever, 
  its not stuck , thats what its supposed to say, 
  does n't buff trogg , unplayable, 
  what about the false positives though ... im always against `` permanent ban on the slightest offense '' because some people get banned for no reason and its just bad ... 
  * tips iron fedora * m'deus ... 
  no expansion symbol carved behind the text . 
  unplayable, 
  `` your faction will have no effects on the gameplay '', 
  there are actual posts for this all over the internet . 
  your find a partner that also has that quest and you both profit 160 gold . 
  i would really like `` stop hitting me , we are on the same team , dipshit . '', 
  we will never trust weebs ever again so do n't you even think about telling us to focus on you less . 
  purify value, 
  if only i could manage to finish a dominion without getting disconnected ... 
  please , i would n't care if it was only in a new 1v5 mode where you instantly lose . 
  i want to play for more than 30 seconds, 
  f2p btw, 
  you got 150 gold to join arena , you p2w scum . 
  f2p btw, 
  it should exist to a degree . 
  you should be able to slowly walk there and/or dodge towards it . 
  but i agree characters with some run attack should be able to fall after the opponent dodges, 
  can we replace negative numbers with `` minus numbers '' already . 
  the good thing about questing is, 
  questing , auctioneer , conceal = 10 mana next turn you can just go off with them and hit your opponent for tons of damage . 
  arena decks that were drafted before the change still exist . 
  they will only get removed when that run is over, 
  and that is normal . 
  nowhere in a good competitive enviorment should tier 3 decks win aganist tier 1 . 
  imagine the other guy , `` this guy beat me with a shit tier deck just because he lucked out . '', 
  there is no real competitive enviorment where every deck is playable ... 
  then do n't play competitive . 
  the goal of competitive is to get the best rank possible with the best deck/plays possible . 
  what you are saying is basically `` people want to win in a mode that was made for players to win . 
  look at me , i am using a bad deck in this competitive enviorment because i 'm ` different ' no one should be allowed to win with decks that are made to win . '', 
  just go play casual/wild/arena if you are not happy . 
  golden cards are not good enough you p2w scum, 
  make sure you change the thing at the bottom left to `` all cards '' the background looks brown when it is like that, 
  same when i play warden . 
  just replace rah with `` meezalou '', 
  i think this has been said before . 
  seems like a really good arena card but even if it gets adapted , the stats seem too weak for constructed . 
  i 'm definitely looking forward to seeing some minions that have better stats and adapts though . 
  it was 4 for me . 
  i tried to play each hero once . 
  still did n't have that much fun, 
  it feels like a bunch of pyramids stacked on top of each other . 
  the very bottom of the pyramid is the floor where there are a lot of people and the competition is weak . 
  but as you get higher and higher it gets much more competitive . 
  getting to the next floor becomes really hard ( much harder than it was at that rank before ) . 
  but if you manage to do it , it seems really easy again . 
  but that is not a negative thing imo , ranked really needed to get a little less competitive below legend so we could have fun with tier 2-3 decks . 
  2 hours from 20 to 15 with a cheap version of pirate warrior . 
  got lucky with a 6 streak though , won aganist a bunch of trashy hunter decks . 
  but what if you see bill gates on the supermarket and he hates bananas too . 
  he might give you 500 000 dollars because you do n't have them in your grocery list . 
  you just missed a ton of money, 
  it was quite zany . 
  never dirty rat when you do n't have removal . 
  it helps a lot when you can get rid of their big cards immideatly, 
  this never happens in gwent . 
  and gwent supports f2p players more . 
  f2p btw, 
  the card is pure garbage , dust it immideatly, 
  i just say the first because its good manners to greet your opponent before the match starts . 
  i really hope no one thinks i 'm bming when i just greet them and do my explosive turn one . 
  poor guy , just wanted to win and got mawed, 
  maybe they are the real scum here then ... why ca n't i just play a deck that was made for winning in a game mode that is for winning as much as possible . 
  dis deck is better than previus gud meta decks . 
  t i m e w e l l s p e n t, 
  you need to make it really clear ... 
  not worth the risk , imo, 
  it already caps at 30/30 so you 're technically wrong . 
  you deserve it , stop hurting my eyes with the background made of piss . 
  why did you rape all those control players and their mothers ? 
  or is that just a false claim coming from them . 
  wow !, 
  `` people are scum for playing it . '', 
  of course they are . 
  why would anyone ever want to win in a game . 
  especially in a mode that was made for people to ein as much as possible ... 
  i wonder why that could be . 
  it definitely is n't because its easy and a great way to push . 
  wait , i got it . 
  its because they are idiots that just want to ruin the game , that must be it .
