just because you might not agree with what i say that in no way means what i said is not fair , on topic or reasonable . 
  the vast majority of your comments concern britain and the country 's relationship with the eu . 
  you seem obsessed , the rantings of a madman . 
  you really do have an irrational hatred of great britain . 
  your comments are frankly , ridiculous . 
  russia is in no way a superpower . 
  their current actions merely show their weakness . 
  sure . 
  a conflict in europe will have no affect on europeans . 
  i disagree with you entirely . 
  also , maybe try expressing yourself without swearing constantly , you will be taken a little more seriously . 
  jimmies rustled much ? 
  also , i am not proposing the military gets involved at all . 
  calm yourself . 
  why is ukraine irrelevant ? 
  as a brit i find the eus response an absolute disgrace and this is one of the reasons i do not want my foreign affairs dictated by some sort of federalised europe . 
  france and germany 's response has been an utter joke . 
  they have completely different doctrines . 
  russia is a massive land power and concentrates on the ability to sink carriers rather than carriers themselves . 
  the french are fools for selling such ships to them . 
  have you not seen russia 's defence expenditure and future ambitions for their armed forces ? 
  they are completely restructuring and these ships will be used . 
  what ? 
  they add a whole new capability to the russian navy . 
  that is like saying the two new carriers britain is building wo n't add anything . 
  for the purpose of this discussion , i am not ` farage ' and neither do i support him . 
  the european union is not and never will be my ` government ' . 
  ooo , the butthurt , it emanates from you . 
  because a few newspaper articles about spikes in london is now enough to say that this is the general attitude ? 
  the entire thing was ridiculous . 
  i hope he does . 
  i have no problem with a two speed europe . 
  as long as everyone 's electorate is happy , there is no problem . 
  i referred to the sub . 
  reread the comment thread . 
   unless you think david cameron is the be-all , end-all of britain , then you 're wrong . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  he is not . 
  however , most of this sub seem to assume that 100 % of what he says represents the opinions of the whole of britain . 
  moreover , many people are not supporting different sides as i am constantly seeing comments asking britain to just leave the eu . 
  i was just observing that the level of butthurt here is becoming increasingly palpable . 
  such a poor attempt at a facetious reply . 
  i am obviously referring to the opinions expressed in the majority of comments left on r/europe . 
  dear lord , this sub is becoming increasingly pathetic with more and more anti-british circlejerking . 
  why should i celebrate either of those ? 
  and i most certainly am not celebrating world war one or any other conflict . 
  i am not saying it is wrong and i am in no way arguing that how germany remembers either war is in anyway incorrect . 
  however , britain places an important emphasis on both of the world wars and i do not think that this is incorrect either . 
  no , quite the opposite , germany forced austria hungary to retaliate against serbia and thus plunged the whole of europe into massive bloodshed . 
  they allowed the shooting of franz ferdinand to spiral way out of control . 
  if you have n't already i suggest you read up on the subject rather than just assuming it was a domino effect of alliance treaties that caused germany to enter the war . 
  there was a lot going on behind the scenes . 
  i said that britain preserved freedom . 
  not that this was the sole purpose of the conflict as your select use of words is now suggesting . 
  whenever people start swearing i always feel that there is no point in debating . 
  there is no need to start kicking off about what we are discussing just because we are not seeing eye to eye . 
  i have drunk too much and i am fed up with arguing . 
  apparently a lot of people on r/europe would rather germany had totally dominated europe . 
  i just feel sorry for my countrymen and those of many others who died preventing this , if you seriously would have preferred that this was the case . 
  i totally agree . 
  however , i would also say that defending another nations sovereignty when they are unjustly invaded is definitely preserving freedom in many respects . 
  because germany decided to invade another sovereign nation without justification . 
  drawing comparisons with today , should we let russia simply take ukraine ? 
  because it is wrong . 
  i am not saying that because you place an emphasis on this you are being incorrect . 
  just that in britain both world wars have an enormous importance . 
  i suppose it depends what interests you . 
  absolutely and i am in no way disagreeing with what you are saying . 
  the scale and recent history of the war , in addition to the fact that remembrance day falls on the date the conflict ended , makes it extremely important in my mind . 
  i also feel that this very much means that world war one has such an emphasis placed on it in britain . 
  the outbreak of war in 1914 was mainly caused by german aggression . 
  personally i feel that is was absolutely necessary to fight the central powers and ensure that they did not dominate continental europe . 
  i am sorry but this makes no sense whatsoever . 
  military dead : 5,525,000 military wounded : 12,831,500 military missing : 4,121,000 those are just the statistics for the allied powers . 
  another 16,403,000 dead , wounded or missing needs to be added for the central powers and there are civilian causalities to take into consideration as well . 
  sure , i should definitely not give a fuck about world war one . 
  900,000 men died fighting for britain on a foreign field , preserving freedom and allowing me to live in the comfort and safety that i and western europe have become accustomed to . 
  personally i feel it is absolutely necessary to take notice of the anniversary of such an important point in the world 's history and that it would be disgraceful to simply brush over it . 
  the whole situation is massively volatile . 
  what kind of sanctions are you suggesting ? 
  have you considered what russia 's response will be ? 
  things could get out of control really fast if the us , uk , germany and co really went to town . 
  if you think this is racist . 
  you are racist . 
  seeing as serbians need a visa to travel to the uk this is bollocks . 
  well that is pretty ridiculous seeing as the gripen makes extensive use of us technologies , components and software . 
  they subcontracted the design and development of the flight control software to an american firm . 
  it is nothing more than cheap political points scoring on the brazilians part . 
  unfortunately for you our [ defences ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gnc9l5i.jpg ) have improved these days . 
  do not make us slap you back into line [ again . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_copenhagen ), 
  british bacon is superior . 
  absolutely . 
  this sub also represents a very small demographic within the eu . 
  yeah , because fuck anyone that does n't agree with you . 
  because wellington whooped your arse during the peninsular war . 
  adhere to your flair . 
  just having mods restricts free speech . 
  hell , the way reddit is organised makes free speech very difficult . 
  each individual visits their preferred sub reddit with anyone that disagrees with the general majority thought of that sub reddit being forced out .
