it earns him votes . 
  it is named after the [ batman river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/batman_river )  the origin of the name `` batman '' is unclear : it might be a shortening of the name of the 1,228-metre ( 4,029 ft ) tall bati raman mountain located nearby [ 14 ] or refer to the unit of weight used in the ottoman empire . 
  [ a map with all the city names in it . 
  we would potentially be seeing in a few days headlines of another blast in ankara with 50 + casualties if this did n't happen . 
  kudos to the police . 
  giff islands back pls, 
  it would n't be surprising actually as his followers see the republic of turkey era ( 1923 - ... ) as a `` 90 year commercial break to magnificent ottoman empire , '' and that it is over . 
  the funny thing is , when you try to say something bad about islam and how it causes harm ( e.g. 
  isis ) , these people start to say `` that 's not real islam '' like a broken record . 
  now this is real islam i guess ... 
  it wo n't be surprising at all after now if we have an actual civil war within a year . 
  ** rough translation ** head advisor of president erdogan said there will be works to make it easier for people to obtain guns for self-defense . 
  on state tv 's live broadcast [ he ] said : `` now there are limitations to people legally obtaining guns . 
  we will request legal action for this , we will make it easier to buy guns legally . 
  there are lots of shootings in turkey , a big chunk of them with illegal guns , but for the people 's self-defense right against a coup , it should be easier to buy guns . 
  murders etc. 
  do not buy legal guns . 
  it must be easier to buy guns for self-defense . '', 
  * there are two speculation for this . 
  1 ) it was planned by erdogan to `` play the hero . '', 
  2 ) it was a minority group in the army that wanted to create chaos more than actually take over the gov ` t. 
  * afaik the police forces have tear gas , not the army . 
  i do n't think this was a planned coup by erdogan & co. , but there is no doubt that they will take advantage of this to its maximum extent for their own goals that has nothing to with the coup attempt . 
  what a crazy year this is being ... 
  the real problem is that the people who support him ( a big majority of them ) say `` i would die for you ! '', 
  regard him somewhat like a prophet . 
  for them , his word is always true , and anybody against him are traitors . 
  these people are also the less educated population of turkey ( hence there are n't any efforts to revolutionize the education system in turkey that is lacking behind . ), 
  find me a political group less capable than these when it comes to logical thinking in europe and i will vote for erdogan . 
  count me in . 
  they have an utterly shitty squad now though , unlike 2006 . 
  that was what erdogan had in mind but davutoglu thought he was the prime minister with all the rights . 
  he even went up to admit that he does not think presidential rule would be beneficial , and not so surprisingly , you do n't get to work with erdogan much if you are not a `` yes sir ! '', 
  type of man . 
  however , binali seems like exactly who erdogan needs . 
  it is doubtful whether turkey needs him or not though . 
  he will be pretty much like a puppet under erdogan 's control . 
  davutoglu was n't like that so he got `` fired '' by erdogan . 
  i guess there is only one way to go after this point , back a century . 
  that will teach them . 
  if he dies though he will be seen as a ~ ~ prophet ~ ~ hero and whoever comes after him will probably say stuff like `` make his dreams come true '' to retain his follower base . 
  afaik that law was passed in 2008 back when they were brothers with gulen . 
  we also have a law prohibiting campaigning for elections abroad . 
  * a fraction of the youth in turkey . 
  majority of the yes voters are actually voting for erdogan , not the proposed constitution . 
  he can name the country `` islamic republic of erdogan '' and people would vote for it . 
  it is a shame that such a beautiful city with an amazing historic background is crowded and chaotic as fuck . 
  / s you forgot that . 
  reading that book while traveling bosnia was great . 
  recommend to everyone for those long trips through mountains with great view . 
  it earns them votes here . 
  so expect even more . 
  been there a few years back . 
  i remember the pavements had really interested me as a kid for some reason . 
  we should be be friends with mexico to strengthen our last place brotherhood in oecd rankings . 
  i am become translation the destroyer of words . 
  it has become a card to play against erdogan . 
  same goes for erdogan with refugees . 
  reportedly it was a car bomb attack targeting police forces securing the area after the besiktas game . 
  it happened literally right next to the stadium . 
  the stadium was completely empty though . 
  morning edit : reports now say 29 ( 27 police officers ) dead and 166 injured . 
  10 people detained following the attack . 
  not known whether it is isis or pkk . 
  i do n't think he will just open the borders and let the refugees flee . 
  it is a strong argument for his supporters . 
  `` we took in 3m refugees europe can eat shit blah blah blah ... '', 
   in his testimony , m.g. 
  reportedly said he stole the horse upon doctor 's advice to ride a horse in order to pass his kidney stone . 
  there is no horse rape . 
  sad news if you took the word `` pass '' as in `` pass from man 's dick to horse anus '' like me . 
  looks like fair medical advice . 
  i have a feeling that this whole child abortion deal is like a hard reset to the feto-purge infested news feeds and something huge is incoming . 
  name + surname i know it is dumb . 
  yeah a girl should decide whether she wants to become a doctor , a teacher , or perhaps find a rich husband and live with his money . 
  but being forced to marry at a young age ? 
  that is not quite her decision when that happens . 
  the minister of justice said : `` when a girl ( younger than 15 ) is married with an older man , the man and the parents who forced the girl are sent to prison , and that creates a tough situation for the girl . '', 
  well , i ca n't see what is wrong with pedos and abusive parents being taken away from the community , and that is most likely better for the girl too . 
  children are n't supposed to marry . 
  they are supposed to go to school and learn . 
  just give me their cheese and i am happy . 
  i need no gdp . 
  thanks :d it was taken just with a phone btw . 
  once a mont islamist newspapers have headlines like `` hagia sophia is becoming a mosque !!, 
  europe is going mad !!! '', 
  i am in no way supporting the ideology , but what does it have to do with coming here ? 
  you do n't know if you will have a second chance . 
  the acting and all that are overly exaggerated . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khg34t0r6jc ) is the actual footage of soldiers firing at civilians on the bridge . 
  so the clip is somewhat true , but still propaganda like everything else about this `` coup '' attempt . 
  it is probably something like that , but in a previous erdogan speech in the same area , his media reported of 2m people which was also false probably . 
  it 's actually worse than the title implies . 
  there was an election in the school , and the winner got 86 % of the votes but erdogan says `` fuck it '' and chooses whoever he wants . 
  yes in turkey . 
  i 'd rather not though . 
  the referees wo n't be welcome today after what happened in that game . 
  if you look closely , both teodosic and de colo travel in that last play . 
  after the game , obradovic mentioned that in the press conference , but somehow those sentences were not published on euroleague website while the rest of his sentences were there word for word . 
  shady stuff ...
