  i guess i have to care about your opinion . 
  it seems to rest on a solid fundament of data . 
  i stated my opinion . 
  it 's an inciteful opinion , but i stated it to vent , not to rile up . 
  maybe kind of like 50 % of what the greek government has been doing in the last weeks . 
  i do not take the flamewar-bait . 
  and to the zone . 
   money is not the problem . 
  we just default on payments . 
  spoken like a true greek . 
  this other thread https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ynn0x/greece_warns_that_it_may_begin_confiscating/ on the topic is a laundry list of reasons for my hatred against greece . 
  also , this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ynlm1/greek_govt_to_confiscate_goethe_institute/cpbafox, 
  it seems the only government that did n't lied to them and stole from them was the previous one that they were so keen to get rid of . 
  about b ) : what is really standing in the way ? 
  a contract ? 
  money that needs to be paid ? 
  this `` too big to fail '' concept pisses me off to no end , and it seems to be the driver of this century 's big decisions . 
  i am god , so i am the sum of the world . 
  it is the duty of the elements to cause a different sum . 
  i do not have the * ability * to change the people 's will , because it would violate the one rule that everybody ignores too much : love . 
  thy will be done . 
   and let me make it clear : you 're not . 
  apparently , because you do not have the germany flair for some reason . 
  in any case , i have my opinion , and it is up to the greek to change this opinion . 
  otherwise , i will keep having it . 
  a 5 minute discussion in a forum does not wipe out years of observations . 
  think of me and of my opinion what you will . 
  in any case , what it ultimately comes down to is what the land does on which the forest stands , be the captain all the trees or only a handful . 
  so , i hate the land . 
  i do n't get your comment . 
  it starts with `` i understand what you mean '' while apparently completely disregarding what the link in the comment it replies to said . 
  that i have to pay for and hear lie to my government and the eu on a weekly basis . 
  reality chooses my emotions , i do n't . 
  i have many reasons to hate greece , this started about two years ago and only got worse . 
  greeks demonstrating , comparing merkel to hitler because we did n't just want to shovel money at them without condition was one of the many drops that killed greece as a whole in my mind . 
  there are no words that can change this . 
  i need to see greece burn . 
  yep . 
  they 're asking everybody else for change . 
  they already threatened to shoot bullets of refugees at us . 
  ( a few days ago . 
  threatened to divert refugees in southern europe specifically to germany . 
  i fucking hate greece . 
  it shall go down in flames . ), 
  i hate greece . 
   news - woman tears up at memorial for brussels victims how is that news ? 
  it 's never / r/toosoon for those . 
  if you prepare a garden with fertile ground , plant seeds , water it and see to that it has enough sunshine , and you eventually get plants but also weeds , what caused the weeds ? 
  no , islam is a cunt . 
  islam can not be integrated . 
  it is a program of assimilation , run by the muslims who are apart from this meme-automatism just normal humans , of course . 
  just like someone with the black plague is mainly a person : the immediate decision must focus on the illness . 
  if the ratio of islam in a country grows enough , the country becomes assimilated by islam . 
  and then it will most likely turn into yet another islamic shithole - from which eventually people will have to flee . 
  islam is also bent on outgrowing other groups by trying to have more children , children that become programmed into the islam-machine as soon as possible . 
  refugees are welcome - muslims are not . 
  that 's the gist of it . 
  the only reason anyone ever had was will . 
  mankind is just too immature to realize this and deal with it accordingly . 
  their flair country flag says canada . 
  the fefes of the muslim world conspiracy must not be interfered with under any circumstances . 
  a certain minority in germany has always been all like `` hitler was the shit ! '', 
  and `` jews smell of elderberries ! '' . 
  the anti-islam sentiment , which i personally share very strongly , is afaik a recent development . 
  sigmar gabriel is german minister for economic affairs and energy , also vice chancellor , and i sure hope that he does n't become chancellor - he considered running for the position , but apparently he does n't consider running anywhere else : i think such a fat person can not become the shepherd of a people , ca n't even control * himself * . 
  anyway . 
  i believe it was sigmar gabriel who said that the germans have a special responsibility in the european refugee crisis because of germany 's past . 
  that multiplies the weirdness of this whole thing . 
  so , according to gabriel , we owe it to the world to let this situation arise that increasingly becomes a danger for the jews in germany ( because germany does n't handle the crisis well - thanks frau merkel ) . 
   so you are saying you are an ignorant person , bzzt . 
  discussion over . 
  well , that was not my intention . 
  i was just trying to phrase it . 
  `` apparently in the process of dismantling '' might have been more fitting . 
  well , i do n't know if it 's serious , but it sounds like the beginning of a serious change , therefore the eu has begun proceedings against poland ( like against germany because of our road toll plans ) . 
  you can set your flair to poland in the sidebar btw. , if you want to . 
  was n't paying attention at the time . 
  german guy here . 
  not to make us look better in history , but to finally be free to act reasonably again . 
  poland is demolishing its democracy , but we get criticized for criticizing them for it because of our historical guilt towards poland . 
  well , 500 rpm sounded very high ( and  8 rps * is * damn high ) , also i was thinking about blood escaping through ripping skin at the fingers because of centrifugal force . 
  in any case , it can be argued that it 's better to get raped . 
  also , with  8 rps , you 'll probably drop something ( e.g. 
  money , mobile phone ) . 
  well , i do n't think it does if it 's further down the comment chain , and if you look at the * still * -1 comment score , i guess the reference was too obscure to effect what you hoped it would , so adding the link now would probably * help * the sarcasm . 
  anyway , i guess we both know that my comment was aimed at the person out there whom i mistook you for , not at you . 
  those abusing the word like this are the reason lots of shit happens . 
  it is water on the mills of * actual * racists , because on the long run it will weaken the power of the word - once mankind * does * wake up to the fact that islam is fucking evil and therefore all the intimate ties that are being created between islam-rejection and actual racism will make the negative view we have of racists fade away . 
  tl ; dr : saying that speaking out against islam is racist is racist . 
  i was slightly surprised the french did n't drop a hydrogen bomb on rakka after paris november 2015 . 
  it would have carried a wrath-of-god connotation more than anything those bastards have every experienced before . 
  just like suicide would . 
  the question was asking for * reasonable * measures , though . 
  i guess you do n't actually mean that , so you 're safe . 
  ~ ~ dude . 
  fuck off , seriously . 
  fuck off . ~ ~ no , i really did n't know the reference and now flipped the vote . 
  why did n't you say here instead of via pm ? 
   these attacks are n't the norm in germany yet . 
  also , you 're spraying all your blood at them through your fingers , thereby ensuring it 's the last time you 'll ever worry about safety issues .
