   so apologize and delete it !, 
  xd i am god , you stupid kid . 
  my opinion is not just truer than yours , it 's also fate-deciding , and you are not trying to look good , are you . 
  the greek nation as a whole is one of laziness , lying , and corruption . 
  whether or not you are one of those , i do n't know , but your behavior against me , * the truth in person * , is telling , is n't it . 
  it is you who has to apologize . 
  it will save you from punishment . 
  man up now , or feel later . 
  a nation of generally too lazy and corrupt people lied itself into the european union and now tries to push all possible buttons to delay its bankruptcy , * except * the buttons that need to be pushed : to get off the asses , to thoroughly clean up the structures , to accept that luxury is a luxury they ca n't have now , that screaming bullshit like `` the eu will be seriously hurt !, 
  the economy of the whole world will suffer !, 
  '' , and most of all to stop lamenting that their `` pride '' is being hurt : after over a year of this shit , they still have n't realized that they are the fucking beggar in the pedestrian zone who is * on his knees * , silently waiting/hoping for people to supply him . 
  the representatives of greece are instead rather behaving like forum trolls , and the people are even being misinformed by their press , but that is what they want : they * do not want * to face the harsh truth , that they have fallen back to being a developing nation . 
  others will have a radically different view , but this is mine , and it has accumulated over a long time of looking at this atrocious issue . 
  downvotes because people still think that the facts are different ( and they do n't know how the voting system works ) . 
  face it : greece as a whole has fucked up , but the others are to pay for it , and if they do n't , then all the world shall go to hell . 
  such is the will of greece . 
  how am i supposed to not be disgusted by that nation of lazy fucks ? 
   it is . 
  again , you completely ignored the key text/argument . 
   the generalization of hundreds of millions of catholics how is this related to the topic ? 
  are there hundreds of millions of priests ? 
  keep your hyperbole in check !, 
   using the actions of a minority aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !, 
  it 's . 
  not . 
  a minority . 
  if key players in an organization make the whole organization ( which means : the whole organization . 
  not every ordained priest . ), 
  behave in this way , it is the organization that is behaving in this way , not just a minority . 
  have you ever heard of ministers or other heads of departments leaving their jobs because of fuck-ups by people further down the ladder ? 
  why would they ever do that if not because * the organizational structure * is a key aspect in evaluating what has happened ? 
   but no more than in any other major organization i doubt that , but with that i do n't mean to make you run around again . 
  moving priests to different parishes where they were n't known yet , which allowed them to continue their despicable behavior ? 
  that 's a bit more than just `` covering it up '' . 
  that 's * enabling * them , if not even * motivating * , because it seems more like protection of the culprit than of the victims , more like `` whoops , someone caught us . '', 
  than `` wtf is that guy doing ? 
  '' , and it would seem like that to the culprit , too . 
   this was an emotionally charged witch hunt well , the self-proclaimed moral authority and global sex-opinion-spreader had it coming , would n't you say . 
  `` we 're holier than thou . '', 
  that makes it worse when shit like this happens , and it makes the public 's reaction * not * a witch hunt . 
  thanks for the legwork , saved . 
  but even if this is indeed fact : we must not forget how the church deals with them . 
  ( or dealt ? ), 
  that gives it a darker tone . 
  do you have a link or two for this claim ? 
  never heard it before . 
  also , are you saying that being an altar boy is as important as going to school ? 
  we ca n't minimize the risk reasonably , no ? 
  you 're one of those who claim that islam is a race ? 
  do i even need to react to you ? 
   and also , you can say this about anything . 
  oh , you wear nikes ? 
  well , keep supporting a child slave labour organization . 
  i wear the same clothes every day of the year until they are too broken , then i wear new ones . 
   oh you eat chocolate ? 
  nope . 
  you happen to be talking to the only holy person in the world . 
  yes , nobody believes this , and i ca n't prove it to you , but it 's a fact . 
  in regards to innocence , i am above all of you . 
  and you hate that . 
  i am indeed in the position to stand up , point the finger at the people , and shout `` stop doing that !, 
  '' , and i will . 
  and in my case , it will have an effect . 
  because nature is with me . 
  exactly preemptively for comments like yours did i write  and instead directly pay charity instead of claiming `` but the church also does good ! '', 
  , so either you did n't read that part , or you had a mental blackout of some sort . 
  one day , if you 're still alive , you 'll look back at this and shake your head with a smile . 
  technically , you 're talking about the netherlands . 
  i 'm not jesus christ , but i have his power , so behave , kid . 
  you completely misread me , but i 'm tired of this . 
  keep supporting a child-fucker-protecting organization . 
  does n't make you the good guy , of course . 
   does n't mean they are automatically catholics thank god . 
   and `` catholics ? 
  pedophiles , right ? '', 
  is a more educated opinion ? 
  maybe you should also educate yourself in regards to what my opinion actually is . 
   what ? 
  can you explain this please ? 
  i am god . 
  you are attacking me . 
  i am the source of good , happiness , life . 
  the energy you send against me * does * actually arrive , believe it or not , and your disposition in regards to me becomes negative . 
  you are a living will , like every being . 
  you are configuring yourself ( or already have ) to be against me , the giver of your reality , and , once my work is done , of eternal life on earth . 
  a different approach : reality is basically karmaspace . 
  it 's a mirror . 
  the perfect self-experience system . 
  if you hate the mirror , the mirror will hate you back . 
  i am the mirror , existence in person . 
   because a few members of his organization done something a lot worse . '', 
  the question that 's relevant in this whole thing : were it a few members , or was it the organization ? 
  my opinion is the latter , yours the former . 
  and when i say `` the organization '' , i of course do n't mean `` almost all members of it '' . 
   it 's like me saying , well , that comparison does n't work , because the opinion of a few deluded citizens is a different thing that the systematic ... 
  i get tired of writing this . 
  ctrl + f systematic ( smuggedysmug ) . 
  i get the feeling that all those with opposing opinions do n't actually know what the catholic church has done . 
  i should be taken seriously not just because i stand up for that which is right against that which is wrong , but also because my claim that i am god happens to be true . 
  if it is indeed true , that 's something you ca n't possibly take seriously enough , but i guess we 're yet again gon na play that old `` if only i had listened ! '',
