  game . 
   you 're a german , you yourself should know that it takes time to fix seventy years versus right now . 
  great comparison . 
  also `` german ? 
  nazis , right ? '', 
  - your opinion must be very educated . 
  and yes , i am god . 
  that is : reality in person . 
  you 're currently using your brain to create a negative fate for yourself , which is the opposite for which evolution has built it . 
  one could say : you are insane . 
  `` gay sex is evil . 
  ward sex is ok . '' that 's the stance of the church . 
  they do n't say so , but acts speak , too . 
  someone who systematically protects child abusers and shoves them into other parishes where they 're not yet known , where they can continue their shitty game ... why do i even have to argue over this ? 
  i feel like i 'm talking to crazy people . 
  but maybe this post which i just found says it best . 
  short text . 
  well , i think he said something about graveyards and such ( choosing where you 're buried ) , i do n't remember clearly . 
  but maybe he 's not that well informed - though he usually is . 
  well , that 's completely true - a murderer who tells others not to murder should be taken seriously , because truth is truth . 
  now , about that gay marriage thing ... 
   so you 're saying that someone ca n't have an opinion on something because an individual that belongs to their own organization did something wrong ? 
  also , you 're implying that the church approves of pedophilia , or that the church does n't do anything against it . 
  neither is true . 
  you should read up on what you 're talking about , because you 're dead wrong . 
  yes , they did something against it , but it 's a drop on a hot stone in comparison to what they * as an organization * had done in the opposite direction . 
   ( it 's not , unless you can prove that the man who said that did what you 're accusing him of doing ) bull fucking shit . 
  he speaks for the organization . 
  when do you apply `` this is the organization 's voice . 
  '' , and when do you apply `` this man speaks for himself ? '', 
  - when it 's convenient to you ? 
  all religion , and of course the catholic church , needs to be destroyed with a vengeance , with fire and sword . 
  those who do n't share this opinion are wrong , and they are the enemies of god . 
  which is who i am . 
  what are you implying ? 
  i 'll not elaborate , because i think the work should be yours . 
  `` those irish voters are a disgrace to mankind !, 
  the church will understand . 
  after all :  you hypocrite , first take the plank out of your own eye , and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother 's eye . 
  the message is that those who systematically protect their own child abusers from prosecution and let them continue in new locations should not call the legalization of the marriage of identical sexes in one country a setback for mankind . 
  funny enough , both topics are somehow about sex . 
  `` gay sex is wrong !, 
  ward sex is innocent ! '', 
  the purpose is to weaken the voice of the church in this matter and to repeat what ca n't be repeated enough : the catholic church protects child abusers . 
  i find it despicable that a colleague of mine keeps paying church tax in germany because he wants to keep the option open * for his little daughter * to choose herself if she wants to stay in the church or leave it . 
  that is so ironic , i do n't know where to start . 
  people should already leave that shit organization and instead * directly * pay charity instead of claiming `` but the church also does good ! '', 
  edit : hey , downvotes . 
  someone likes priests to fuck children , or they do it themselves , i guess . 
  also , the message should be repeated : that church problem is all but resolved , no ? 
   you hypocrite , first take the plank out of your own eye , and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brother 's eye . 
  no , i meant psa . 
  i 'll turn off responses to these comments , i feel like everybody has been taking crazy pills . 
  i used psa in the same liberal way tons of other comments use it , too . 
  i had to search because of the root comment . 
  i figured others would have to search , too . 
  hence i saw my comment as a public service . 
  hello , fellow [ fph ] ( / r/fatpeoplehate ) . 
  obesi should be a plant or something . 
  psa : 29.5 , between france and spain they share this questionable achievement with turkey ( on the far right ) , though . 
  i would n't give up hope that this will all clear up eventually . 
  i rather think there 's a connection between `` making billions '' and `` still exists '' . 
  hear fucking hear . 
  well , phrased like that it makes sense , because there 's a time frame : two generations later . 
  the title effectively said `` ever '' . 
  wow . 
  74 years later , and the guy still has n't realized that the original stance `` the relationship can not possibly ever improve significantly . '', 
  spoke of an immature mind ? 
  fall guy . 
  now the ever identical game can be perpetuated for yet another few rounds . 
  i do n't know if i am more fed up \\* with greece or \\* with news of a situation that is never new . 
  `` check out '' , maybe . 
  regularly visit , probably not , because it looks as if the weather inside is almost identical to the weather outside . 
  bad in winter or when it 's windy . 
  krankenschwester sounds like `` sister of a sick person '' . 
  haha , i did n't expect my decade old hypothesis that i never really believed to actually be correct ( at least for some ) . 
  the name sure has negative connotations , but i wonder if those ever affect us ( germans ) subconsciously . 
  even if they do : fearing to go to the hospital might have the effect of keeping people healthy . 
  wan na know what remote control means ? 
  user manual is bedienungsanleitung . 
  this stuff basically says that the user serves the machine , not that anyone here would say that the words mean that . 
  `` ein ger\u00e4t bedienen '' = `` to use a device '' , but the literal translation would be `` to serve a device '' . 
  i always make an effort to say fernsteuerung ( remote control ) instead of fernbedienung . 
  well , i was following the format that was given , but you 're right : and krankenwagen would be sick people car . 
  and you kaaskoppjes with your always clear throats . 
  and hospital is `` krankenhaus '' ( sick house ) . 
   now the leftist part of their voting base will call them `` neoliberal sell outs '' , while the `` moderates '' might question what the difference with the previous coalition really is . 
  that 's because they do n't understand that they can elect people all they want , but they ca n't elect the reality in which they live , it has to be dealt with on its own terms . 
  i guess their own feeling of their act of grinning all the time is informing their thoughts more than it should . 
  thanks . 
  a glorious read . 
  and yep , i am aware of the several subject changes . 
  `` yes you will . '', 
  that 's almost too good to be real , but the world is big enough for it to be . 
  ` re : tard ` i 've yet to see an email like this . 
  you 're saying that those who oppose homosexuality will not get aids ? 
  ^ ^ ^ scnr, 
  yes . 
  there 's guaranteed to be at least one staff . 
  our # 1 paper , huh .
