  the important variable `` time frame '' is missing , so the math would n't say much . 
  and with k. , 
  well , it 's all over german news , at least . 
  i have been seeing it on ard morgenmagazin , tagesschau , ntv , n24 , sat1 , various major online newspapers , and it was on the radio ( 1live , wdr2 ) . 
  this started yesterday ( the 5th , german time ) or even a day earlier . 
  they also say clearly that the witnesses/victims say that they * believe them to be * north african/arabic men , so true or not : that holy cow is slaughtered . 
  so , you think that greek people are more evil than others ? 
  because that 's what this would mean , to riot like the world has never seen before for the right to force non-smokers to live in their poisonous fumes . 
  well , many * do * behave properly - until it comes to the disposal of the butt . 
  in that moment , every outside location is a trashcan . 
  so , if there are already that many things - why not add another ? 
  i see no problem with that logic whatsoever . 
  it 's also a completely honest argument . 
  citation needed . 
  i downloaded the video from the article and uploaded it here : http://s000.tinyupload.com/index.php?file_id=63899179724233593241 8.1 mb ( 8,518,651 bytes ) the link probably expires in a few weeks . 
  no wonder he made it his profession to improve that front when everybody throws their shit on his desk in paper form . 
  you probably do n't mind if i keep spraying perfume on you . 
  it 's what i want to do . 
  it 's a bit cancerous , by the way , but i 'm sure you do n't mind . 
  i expect the government to protect me from other people impeding on my health . 
  the significant danger of second-hand smoke has been proven , end of story . 
  should i `` fight '' against everybody individually ? 
  and we both know that i 'd lose in quite a few cases . 
  nobody has the right to poison my breathing-sponge !, 
  fuck the ignorant attitude that got us into financial problems , can we get rid of the ignorant attitude ? 
  in case i am not misreading you : if you need a sign to tell you that you should n't smoke where other people eat , you 're doing it wrong . 
  criticize whomever you want as long as it 's rational and as long as the audience is adult enough to defend itself against ill reasoning . 
  those who disagree with this formula are probably irrational . 
  reminder : most of religion was caused by men . 
  any more brilliant ideas ? 
  `` we 're mental animals , and this ca n't and shall not change ! '', 
  yes . 
  everything is important * but * your body that lives in the world that it deems important . 
  you 've got it all figured out . 
  go be lawless ~ ~ in your own home ~ ~ nowhere . 
   ( such as pregnant women and their babies ) ( or anyone who breathes ), 
  your argument is striking . 
  clearly , you have the higher ground . 
  anyone with a working brain knows that with the increasingly unsane behavior wretched tayyip erdo\u011fan has been showing in the last year , it is currently completely out of the question that turkey joins the eu . 
  the subject is still on the table purely for diplomatic/political reasons , but the current turkey is 0 % a candidate . 
  `` eww , they 're doing this new thing . 
  how wrong . '', 
  every generation ever . 
  and you are a nazi , misogynist , racist , plus you smell of elderberries . 
  see , you 're just throwing a power word against me without mind , without truth behind it . 
  ( like i did at you , as an example . ), 
  in a way , you 're demonstrating the thing that i am arguing against : the abuse of power , the use of power without underlying reason . 
  what i said makes a lot of sense . 
  but if mankind insists on clinging to a major source of suffering , hampered mental development , and the overpowered celebration of pure memetics , then by all means let isis be popular . 
  well , ultimately * all religion * has to go , because it unleashes considerable energy upon the world , but this energy is not truth/reason based . 
  i know , sounds weird , but that 's the problem . 
  the truth must be manifested . 
  other manifestations must go . 
  that 's the natural order mankind refuses to submit to . 
  since religion has to go , and since the religious * unreasonably * cling to their religion , the natural process that will eventually enforce the end of religion will sadly end a lot of religious people , too . 
  because they did n't want to hear . 
  at least that 's what i think will happen . 
  atheists , obviously . 
  that 's more in line with what i was thinking of . 
  after all , mankind has to face trial eventually . 
  the list is long . 
  and i believe it will become a lot more intense in the next months . 
  or just do n't be an insufferable asshole trying to install the most idiotic rule of government we currently have examples of in other countries . 
  not a problem . 
  the dutch are used to people who just happened to clear their throat . 
  dude , i was making a joke . 
  this sub-thread is based on a link that deals with countries . 
  i 've seen the post somewhere else , too , with a similar title . 
  if there 's some misinformation being spread , it would be cool if you could clear this up a little . 
  the hell is happening . 
  and , as almost always , it 's caused by people who just arbitrarily decided so because it makes them happy . 
  in the behind !, 
   they 're still fucking humans interesting pattern my reality tunnel has in the last days , i saw a few comments making this statement . 
  this childish rule people follow when they do n't know any better without realizing . 
  such statements also even seem to have the word `` fuck '' in them relatively often . 
  shit , i guess it drives the point home without the reading party realizing the hollowness . 
  it 's not a country , though . 
  funny how the countries that have the most people care the most about hating people who ( almost ) do n't procreate , while the people whose population is basically shrinking frown the least on lgbt people . 
  hm , that came out completely different than intended . 
  what i mean is that it 's ironic , not that it 's the reason . 
  they can partner up with turkey , they 're almost neighbors after all . 
  [ 3:20 of dylan moran ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioliu2ni66w ) ( which should make you an addict of that guy 's standup , if you are n't already ), 
  would that be so bad ? 
  what say you ? 
  '' , not used often , kinda meaning `` thank you . 
  '' , would really have to be `` ich danke dir . '', 
  it 's a short form where `` ich '' ( meaning i ) is left out . 
  it 's incorrect , but people use it to say fewer words . 
  `` dank dir '' can also be said , it 's the same but even slightly less correct . 
  it 's a dialect thing , i believe . 
  should have gotten mental detectors . 
  that 's indeed not about killing , but it does say `` they shall not exist , instead we shall exist . 
  '' , given enough time of course . 
  but i do n't like that this originated in the hitler comparison objection in the first place ( root comment ) . 
  ok , not every aspect of the two things compared align . 
  big deal . 
  still a good comparison . 
  sorry , but you are wrong . 
  power has a corrupting effect , and - you 're right - whether someone succumbs to it or not is a matter of predisposition etc. 
  - but the effect is unquestionably real .
