  our food is amazing but this does n't seem like the place to talk about it ... our weather is probably the best around here but i do n't think it 's nice to rub it in people 's face . 
  our cientific break-throughs are so niche they already have they 're sub-reddit . 
  to my knowledge we 're not at war with anyone . 
  the environment here is n't trying to kill anyone , nor are the local fauna and flora . 
  we 're just not really memorable lol ... great place to live though , nice and peaceful . 
  people just do n't really talk much about us ... 
  personally i just think it 's because we do n't give anyone a reason to . 
  and you 'll be required to attend some kind of counseling i think . 
  when was the last time you heard something about portugal that did n't involve us being broke ? 
  amazon 's already in europe . 
  let 's just agree some of us did stuff we regret . 
  are they worth it ? 
  i know a couple who are n't . 
  ( i 'm talking about ours , in case that was n't obvious . ), 
  they still have top gears without clarkson . 
  they are all terrible . 
  i 'm feeling left out . 
  lies . 
  well , thank you , my fine sir/mam . 
  i did n't make it . 
  head to / r/highqualitygifs , they should be able to help you there ... 
  damn it . 
  long way to go before they get here . 
  that looks kinda like our [ cock ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rooster_of_barcelos ) . 
  i see we have the roadster covered , now we just need a replacement for the s. 
  plus it 's unfair for businesses that actually pay their employees so it 's a win win in the end . 
  vw and renault like it here , room for more . 
  we ca n't promise wages will always be low , but we can promise to work hard . 
  first come first served , 
  i 'm not covering for any one , but i read a recent report on dieselgate and it appears vw is the least polluting one and it does seem that most of what was done was n't illegal . 
  vw where on average just 2x over the limit , psa was like 6x and i think it was fiat that was 14x . 
  but as i said while misleading it was not illegal . 
  the issue has little to do with corruption but mostly with crappy laws . 
  edit : for everyone wondering you can read it too : https://www.transportenvironment.org/press/dieselgate-1st-anniversary-all-diesel-car-brands-europe-are-even-more-polluting-volkswagen, 
  we 're pulling a crimea ? 
  apparently most of this comes down to a loophole where they can turn of the environmental protections in extreme scenarios without great definition of what extreme scenarios means . 
  actually it 's because there 's never been a culture of starting your own business . 
  starting and maintaining a business is n't important here . 
  it 's all about just finding a job to get by . 
  now that we 've run out of jobs and while it 's new companies ( not just the fashionable tech start-ups ) are popping up all over the place , there simply is n't enough to go around yet so everyone is leaving . 
  which is should have been expected but our governments have been doing an awesome job of mitigating the issues . 
  something something dacia sandero . 
  - could you please stop looking at your phone and put on your headphones so you can hear how the country is doing . 
  - oh i 've got 5 neighbors that are portuguese i know very well the state the country is in . 
  more or less ... 
  ah , remembers me of when he got called out for doing what ever on his cellphone instead of listening to his translators . 
  http://sicnoticias.sapo.pt/mundo/2014-07-10-eurodeputado-joao-ferreira-pede-a-juncker-que-desligue-telemovel edit : made english better . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  it was mostly in case anyone else that was getting confused had something to go on . 
  i think you meant to say leaving . 
  do n't want to be that guy , it 's just that i spent like 45-60 seconds staring at the screen trying to understand what you meant . 
  i think old people in the uk did n't like being told what to do by outside parties ( really guys ? 
  we never care that much about what 's happening there but all of a sudden we all just have to get them to stay ? 
  flags everywhere ... ) . 
  add a bit of blind trust in politicians and a lack of fact checking and here we are . 
  i do n't think the uk will leave the eu , this new election will be about staying or leaving and i 'm decently confident that you 'll stay . 
  i just feel sorry for you guys as i 'm thinking you 'll be in worst off than before the referendum . 
  i know how germany feels right now . 
  there 's snow in australia ? 
  if anything happens in australia ( apparently there 's a huge bubble there , worst than spain ) shit might get real , real quick in london . 
  w00t , i 'd never noticed that lol . 
  i guess that 's why vw `` fix '' raised fuel consumption . 
  indeed . 
  i know politicians are n't known for logical thinking but if the uk leaves and scotland wants in again they would have an advantage of have already been a part of the eu , so their inner-workings are already aligned with eu law unlike other countries trying to join that still have to adapt . 
  eu is just saying : `` we 've got other stuff to worry about at the moment and we wo n't get to you until you figure all of this out by yourselves . 
  if you want fight for what you have if you want a new deal you 'll have to wait and see . '', 
  they are just stating this so scotish leave movement ca n't just directly link brexit to independence . 
  they want the scotish people who want to stay in the eu to help `` fight '' brexit whichever way they can . 
  but i 'm pretty sure if they do leave scotland will be fast-tracked into the eu . 
  they are already in accord with eu law so they would n't have to change much . 
  are n't there already cities that do this ? 
  lisbon has had a similar ban which has been growing out form the city center and has been pushing older cars further away from the center . 
  bonus points for red-heads . 
  not really , we 'll just laugh at your/their uneducated ass for not knowing the difference . 
  yes . 
  if your foreign we do n't care . 
  if you 're from here , we do n't really care ether . 
  as long as you say bom dia and obrigado we 're good . 
   ~ ~ m8 ~ ~ cunt, 
  as carlin put it : think of how stupid the average person is , now realize half is even stupider . 
  that 's more it ... plus it 's like earthquakes , the longer it 's been since the last one the worst it 'll be this time around . 
  i 'm just curious were we 'd fit in . 
  wait left side is the southside ? 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  i misunderstood then , but the fact remains that there 's no reason for the suspension bridge to be there . 
  unfortunately i ca n't tell you much for privacy reasons . 
  the english wiki mentions they extended the viaducts inland to protect the marshes but anyone who knows the area knows there are no marshes beneath the bridge there , at least not as much as on the other side . 
  also if you 've ever crossed the bridge on really low tides you can almost see half the suspension bridge is still over relatively high shallows . 
  hell even on the panorama they use in the wiki it 's noticeable . 
  i 've tried to find a reliable source for where the deepest side is but could n't . 
  if i had to guess it 's where the other bump in the bridge is . 
  fun tidbit , the suspension segment was supposed to be on the other side of the river , which is the deepest , to let the heavier/taller ships through but since it would look so much cooler closer to expo 98 the government switched sides and now it 's just stupid . 
  no one expects the spanish snow . 
  with that said , what crop is that behind the sign ? 
  actually , temperature in europe are expected to drop long-term because apparently our main source of heat is the hot water from the caribbean that ocean currents bring our way but melting ice from the north pole could disrupt that specific current . 
  but my only source is the di caprio documentary and i have n't looking into it again yet . 
  i probably would n't buy one , but the new renaults have amazing doors . 
  for anyone looking to get a car just go to a renault dealer and open/close the doors ... 
  they are brilliant . 
  miles ahead of anything else i 've tried lately .
