if they find oil there it 'll start wwiii . 
  the last thing analists expect from antartica is growth . 
  i see a pattern . 
  i 'm flabbergasted at how spain that translated every single thing has better statistics than us :| even the few spanish people i know admit their foreign language education was dubious . 
  so ... is any of the commissioners actually qualified for their job ? 
  i can only see people complaining ( and from my knowledge the one from portugal has nothing to do with his position ) . 
  history time !, 
  portugal is a spanish spin-off as you 'd say now a days . 
  and they kind of resented us a little back then and tried to annex us a couple of times in the past , even kind of succeeding when we had a few spanish born kings . 
  i ca n't speak for spain but here now a days we ca n't really say why we kind of dislike them , probably just some sibling rivalry . 
  but in the end if all the spanish people i know are great . 
  nop , we 've got you covered too . 
  [ portuguese roasted piglet ] ( http://www.themijachronicles.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/lech%c3%b3n-portugal.jpg ), 
  off-season is the only time you can get a real sense of things here although it might get boring for some . 
  if you were looking for fit people england was probably not the best choice lol ... 
  we have one of the highest coast-line to continental area ratio in the world . 
  i 'm sure there 'll be some angling clubs around ... 
  taxi drivers should n't be considered a benchmark for anything lol , but yeah they complain a lot ... we have a love/hate thing going on with spain , but mostly love for nuestros hermanos lol . 
  packed bars are always a problem , you ether have boobs or you 'll need to look confident that you 've been there for a couple of minutes already even if you just got there . 
  personally i ca n't stand the confusion anymore ... 
  i just like to hang with ma friends somewhere quiet away from the crowds . 
  lies :|, 
  do n't most fat europeans live in northern england ? 
  ( do n't kill me , i just have a friend who works in carlisle and he mentions this a lot . 
  ) ( he 's a cardiologist so he 's kind of in the know ) . 
  i 'm way too biased to answer that lol , just look around the web for what people are saying . 
  the portuguese people in general like to lay-low in their own little corner , but there 's much to see , do and eat around here . 
  with all the crisis commotion people got reminded that we existed and more people started to come . 
  thanks to them the country has been collecting international awards like crazy for the last few years . 
  but i should point out that portugal is a country you visit for the food and you stay for the food . 
  we like food a lot . 
  ps : have i mention food yet ? 
  if you like seafood you 'll be in paradise . 
  so ... any reason you did n't come to portugal ? 
  :| just asking for uhm a friend ... 
  they would clash swords ? 
  uhm , is commemorating the right word ? 
  should n't they commemorate the end of ww2 or something ? 
  i think that sends the wrong message , especially considering how putin has been acting lately . 
  being upside down is a joke we can live without , but the fact that everything there is trying to kill humans is pretty serious i 'd say ... 
  i 'd say no one really cares , but from what they know we have decent sun exposure , great food that no one has eaten ( we 'll eat it until you guys get here ) people are nice and we have a crappy political system that screws everything up , plus we have that bes thing going on these last weeks . 
  i love everything about it , if i moved away i 'd miss the food the most and sunny days second . 
  the government and political system is making living here pretty unbearable with dumb decisions on top of other horrible actions so leaving is always on the table unfortunately . 
  ps : oh yeah we have also have ronaldo , meh football and wine , lots of wine . 
  they have a `` war on drugs '' going on for a few decades that most people in jail are from minor drug offences that carry minimum time served . 
  `` we '' treat it as a health issue and if you 're caught with small amount for personal consumption you get to talk to counsellors instead of getting a criminal record . 
  their drug wars also bring up problems with race and a bunch of other stigmas , take out the war on drugs and you can help with a lot of other problems . 
  i doubt it . 
  here in portugal we have 2 isps that control like ~ 80 % of the market , one more with like ~ 10 % and the rest goes to the niche ones . 
  the top 3 isps ' services are identical , even the conditions and terms of service are copy pasted . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  my only guess as to why it 's so fast should be that they actually save money with it , probably due to installation and maintenance costs compared to older tech and infrastructure . 
  i 'd say city of london was doing a fine job of fucking everyone ... 
  we already have a union and united states sound horrible . 
  but i 'm all for it , as a portuguese i 've lost hope in portuguese politicians so might as well give someone else the chance to manage things . 
  shit got real , real quick . 
  is n't that how democracy works ? 
  a lot of americans said they 'd leave if obama got re-elected but we never heard of any mass exodus happening to this day . 
  so it 's the same , but different . 
  any thoughts on obama 's presidency ? 
  what ? 
  are you sure ? 
  yey , we did good and no one mentioned decriminalizing drug consumption . 
  portugal continues to be ignored by everyone . 
  [ this pretty much sums it up ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v2nq1ab.jpg ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not the case here . 
  we 're rich enough to know having kids is expensive and poor enough not to be able to afford it . 
   can also confirm . 
  dinner at 9 means ~ ~ your guests will be there at 10 ~ ~ . 
  dinner at 9 means most of your guests will be there at 10, 
  do you remember if the photographer was portuguese ? 
  coincidentaly last week i went to sebasti\u00e3o salgados exhibit and it 's pretty awesome ( but he 's brazilian lol ) ( and does n't really shoot in portugal ) . 
  only a handful of us , they just average it out for everyone else though . 
  people here never had time for arts and the government never thought about it as important ether . 
  from experience people linked to the arts have rich sounding names from families that had enough disposable income to let their kids enroll in such stuff . 
  even if people like it they will only follow it as a hobby if they land a decent enough job , since when you do n't have anything to eat you wo n't risk buying equipment you do n't know if you can make a living with . 
  what i mean to say is if you try to search for photographers from portugal you 'll just get working class people that will snap your wedding and stuff . 
  not the artistic kind of stuff . 
  those are too uplifting to be portuguese ... must be for/from ex-pats or something ... 
  they do look nice though . 
  you assume wrongly that they post news there . 
  [ sure ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=portuguese+mind+control+drone ), 
  there 's a lot of investment opportunities for foreigners atm . 
  buy real-estate above a certain value and you can apply for citizenship . 
  same applies if you start a business under certain conditions . 
  actually our country is pretty attractive but we are n't that into photography so you 'd never know before coming . 
  btw : new zealand is probably the only country i fantasize about moving to lol . 
  maybe australia too but too much shit wants me dead there . 
  thanks . 
  come back again ... bring family and friends ... no seriously come back we need the money ... lol, 
  that 's decently rich money . 
  over 10x minimum wage . 
  you can do what ever the fuck you want with that here . 
  [ here  ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=portugal&amp;country2=portugal&amp;city1=lisbon&amp;city2=algarve ) lisbon =  capital algarve =  sunny beaches down south . 
  yeah we are extremely flammable . 
  summers have been kinda mild so not as much uncontrollable burning . 
  but that just means more shit left over from other years to burn when it does get out of control . 
  yeah , usually the scientific ones like futurology and stuff . 
  i think the latest portuguese thing i remember seeing around reddit was the mind controlled drone . 
  what should we say ?
