  i do n't know how your religion lessons were , but i took protestant religion lessons and we mostly just talked about nazism , the big religions in the world and some moral stuff like death penalty , animal testing etc. 
   the interesting thing is that european far right parties dont want to colaborate . 
  weird that nationalist parties do n't work very well on an international level , is n't it ? 
   what i meant if example socialists think 100 % of the population should vote socialist , and if they do n't something is wrong with them . 
  how could i not think something like that though ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i kinda see why people would vote for far-left , left , center-left or center-right parties . 
  if you vote for `` free-market '' - kind of right wing people , i will assume you are rich , greedy and without any empathy , but i would still understand that to some degree . 
  but any more right than that and i will assume that that person is mentally ill and needs help . 
  the far left in germany ( die linke ) simply is n't as bad as the npd ( nazis ) . 
  coalitions between social democrats and die linke have happened , die linke have people in mainstream political tv etc. 
  they are n't like nazis . 
  they do n't promote hate against a certain group of people etc. 
  in the advent season dutch people invade german christmas markets . 
  my mom hates it because they fill up the trains and my brother hates it because they give really bad tips . 
  also i find it kinda weird that other countries do n't have as many christmas markets . 
  they completely miss the entire point of christmas . 
  yeah , i also think the german one is a bit `` softer '' . 
  but when we try to speak clearly we say it like you . 
  why do n't the uk and sweden want to join the euro zone if the low value of euro is so freaking amazing for the richer countries ? 
   romanian being included in the `` slavic studies '' wow . 
  there 's literally roma in the name . 
  yea , i was about to start a new world war just yesterday , but now i feel like it can wait another year . 
  which european languages would that be ? 
  what are they singing ? 
  it seems to be neither german nor latin . 
  i think it 's weird that one vote in malta is worth as much as 15 in germany . 
  not very environment-friendly though . 
  wikipedia gives this map http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:nordic_bronze_age.png, 
  maybe you should n't post online if you do n't want people answering you . 
  in german there are some rules for some foreign words with specific suffixes taking certain gender . 
  ( from french for example , die blamage , die garage , so the french-ish - age is always female ; das cello , das konto from italian are always neuter ( - o ) . 
  sometimes when it 's a foreign word with a gender , that gender is adopted for german . 
  there are exceptions though . 
  it is das notebook , because the translation for book is das buch in german ( and therefore neuter ) . 
  the same thing probably happened for job , der job is male because the translation , der beruf is male . 
  sometimes words take a gender because other words from that `` group of words '' have that gender . 
  so it is das marihuana because other drugs are neuter ( das kokain , das heroin etc. ), 
  for some words there is n't a real consensus though . 
  like der/das laptop . 
  der laptop is probably more popular , but das laptop is still around . 
  for clothes , it is always das top though . 
  other words like der hype etc. 
  seem to take a gender relatively randomly . 
  everyone agrees that hype is male though . 
  i did n't like the `` debate '' anyway . 
  american style debates are stupid . 
  `` we ask you a question and then you have 30 seconds to say as many nice buzzwords as you can '', 
  the vikings * were * the danes . 
   to many germans , berlin is not really their capital , it 's more like a giant art project or social experiment that only turns up when hungover , and in need of a hand out . 
  so true . 
  ... aaaaand everyone listens to the same 15 english songs . 
  you can just make an account with a fake email . 
  one of the two . 
  new york is as big . 
   the eu will have to find ways to deal with those unwanted immigrants - similar to how the us has learned to deal with illegal immigrants . 
  so ... a huge fence ? 
   backpfeifengesicht is the face of any individual in dire need of a fist to the face . 
  i have never used or seen it myself but apparently it crops up in these kind of lists . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7dh7otmmsu the only time ever that i have heard that word . 
  is there any good concise explanation of how european democracy / eu stuff works ? 
  like a video or flowcharts that tell me who elects whom and who does what ? 
  we still do n't really know what kind of damage low doses of radiation do . 
  we still do n't know what to do with the waste . 
  any time there is the threat of war or terrorists , nuclear power stations are a vulnerability . 
  human failure still happens constantly . 
  technology still fails constantly . 
  when their rivers get too hot , nuclear power plants have to be shut down . 
  nuclear power plants are centralized and owned by one company . 
  one company has the power over hundreds of thousands of people 's energy . 
  decentralized power generation is good for the consumer . 
  nuclear power plants are worse than coal and especially gas power plants at regulating the fluctuation of energy levels that results from using wind/solar . 
  not to mention that nuclear is n't actually cheaper than wind , and you start wondering why anyone would invest in it right now . 
  of course speed matters . 
  germans are pretty bad at english , so i 'd say yes . 
  at least it is highly unlikely that everyone just switches to english when they hear an accent . 
  there also is lots of media , books , online and offline learning material etc. 
  for german . 
  kinda difficult . 
  english and german are closely related but german is way more archaic in its grammar . 
  and french does n't help you very much with german . 
  germans also wondered about catholicism . 
  [ among other things . 
   not to mention , we do n't even have bike lanes :\\ the dutch did n't go `` oh , there are bike lanes here , let 's build a city around them '' . 
  they built the bike lanes . 
  the dutch have the technology to do such things . 
  germany has weapons . 
  it 's just that we sell them to peaceful countries like saudi arabia . 
  danish sounds like german and swedish sounds silly . 
  icelandic is elvish . 
  norwegian is the other one . 
  i know someone from moldova who is studying here in germany and would rather be russian . 
  her parents speak russian , she speaks russian , her friends and ~ everyone in her surroundings speak russian ( she also says she speaks b2-level romanian , which she hates ) . 
  i do n't think it is just propaganda or soviet `` brainwashing '' that makes her say that . 
   the uk is to germany itself ( trade ) possibly the most important country . 
  german exports france 10.2 % , united kingdom 7.0 % , netherlands 6.9 % , united states 6.3 % , austria 5.6 % , italy 5.4 % , china 5.1 % , switzerland 4.7 % german imports netherlands 14.0 % , france 7.5 % , china 6.7 % , belgium 6.4 % , italy 5.5 % , united kingdom 4.9 % , austria 4.4 % , russia 4.4 % ,, 
  you can also change written-down constitutions . 
  racism does n't actually have anything to do with biological races . 
  you can be racist against jews for example . 
  did n't the ukrainians do that ? 
  since 5:45 we are shooting back !,
