do n't worry . 
  they are actors and got money for being filmed . 
  they were told which scenarios to play out ( for example : `` okay and now you all order food from mcdonald 's '' ) so that the production crew can get a juicy story . 
  then they took the highlights and edited it till it was just right . 
  in the end , you have the audio-visual version of yellow press , designed to spur hate against minorities and an artificial feeling of superiority in the viewer . 
  i ca n't believe i actually felt the need to type this out . 
  i feel like i might be getting trolled because everyone here seems to take this garbage seriously . 
  and this thread 's title is also absolutely atrocious . 
  no , that 's a trash tv show designed for people with a mental age of 7 . 
   could they theoretically build solar panels in southern spain/italy and transfer it up ? 
  i am no expert by any stretch , but there were plans to harvest solar energy from the sahara and transport that to europe . 
  there 'd be lots of solar energy obviously , but transporting it over large distances is really , really complicated and wasteful . 
  we 'd need lots of infrastructure . 
  according to the map that / u/broojo02 posted , it 'd be as useful as building them in germany . 
  bmw e36 is also called `` t\u00fcrkenkutsche '' or `` hassanporsche '' . 
  alt + shift makes german keyboards `` normal '' again . 
  brittany in that map is part of ireland , cornwall , scotland and wales . 
  many europeans learn american english . 
  especially if they waste their time on reddit . 
   smiling can be with showing teeth . 
  or `` ich hab ' dich lieb '' for family . 
  and just imagine the quick delivery times when all the warehouses are in freaking spain . 
  was n't that some other loan ? 
  as far as i know the marshal plan money did n't have to be paid back . 
  i can only find sources saying stuff like this  originally the total american aid to germany ( in contrast to grants given to other countries in europe ) had to be repaid . 
  germany did actually pay it back , unlike everyone else . 
  however , when it was paid back , the money had already paid for itself a few times over . 
   in europe , the largest grants went to britain ( $ 3.4 billion ) , france ( $ 2.7 billion ) , italy ( $ 1.5 billion ) , west germany ( $ 1.4 billion ) , netherlands ( $ 1.1 billion ) , greece ( $ 796 million ) , austria ( $ 678 million ) , andf belgium ( $ 559 million ) . 
  `` germany 's government [ ... ] declined comment . '', 
  from the very article you just posted . 
  do you use arabic writing ? 
  ( sorry i know nothing about your country ), 
  azerbaijan is in the eurovision song contest . 
  i think that 's how you define europeanness . 
   more expensive , limited , and polluting energy that becomes more expensive every year . 
  nuclear is expensive . 
  and we do n't know what do with the waste . 
  and there can always be huge disasters . 
  and they are bad at regulating their power output for renewables ( they ca n't suddenly ramp up or shut down ) . 
  and they are centralized and therefore bad for the consumer ( dependency on the person/company owning the plant ) . 
  ... what am i saying here ? 
  i take everything back . 
  it 's science !!!, 
  free energy !, 
  choo choo karma train . 
  if only every country could be a neutral tax haven . 
  yeah , you 're the only one . 
  this thread made me realize that i do n't know very many folk songs . 
  only drinking songs for the local beer tent . 
  anyway , i like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmwta9qrq0o, 
   schlagen wir des volkes feind ( we shall defeat the people 's enemy ), 
  i kinda like the gdr 's old anthem . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afoqrmfyql0 too many communism buzzwords , but apart from that , i like the idea of peace and caring for the future and hope . 
  the actual current german anthem is kinda bland in my opinion . 
  not religious or militaristic which is really good , but still boring . 
  really just a bunch of nice words with no message . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost_of_electricity_by_source maybe it 's because they subsidize it . 
  and i think it 's crazy how much reddit dismisses any notion of critical thinking or objectivity when it comes to nuclear energy . 
  yeah , it might be cooler science than burning coal , but that does n't mean it does n't have downsides . 
  nuclear is n't cheap . 
  look !, 
  the only cyrillic word i can read ... \u0421\u0443\u043a\u0430 !, 
  abbreviations of plurals get two letters in spanish . 
  and what little we understand usually sounds hilarious . 
  you said that you can not language german even though you romanian are . 
   a tradition of banking secrecy and cross-border financial expertise have all contributed to the growth of the financial sector euphemism if i 've ever heard one . 
  - we still do n't know what to do with the waste . 
  - any time there is the threat of war or terrorists , nuclear power stations are a vulnerability . 
  - human failure still happens constantly . 
  technology still fails constantly . 
  - when their rivers get too hot , nuclear power plants have to be shut down . 
  - nuclear power plants are centralized and owned by one company . 
  one company has the power over hundreds of thousands of people 's energy . 
  decentralized power generation is good for the consumer . 
  - nuclear power plants are worse than coal and especially gas power plants at regulating the fluctuation of energy levels that results from using wind/solar . 
  - not to mention that nuclear is n't actually cheaper than wind , and you start wondering why anyone would invest in it right now . 
  the future is here #woodencrate, 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  new zealandish 3 . 
  australian our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  german 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  dutch really accurate . 
  i just wish it actually told me why it says the things it says . 
  i 'm just saying that other european countries also got financial aid . 
  the uk received $ 3.5 b , france $ 2.8 b and italy $ 1.5 b. 
  germany got $ 1.4 b from the marshall plan . 
   i 'm not necessarily looking for actual good music ,, 
  [ cro - traum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wqmbv2deyq ), 
  i think this whole `` germany controls the eu '' is bullshit . 
  if the other countries actually disagreed with german eu politics , they could easily just unite against germany which they are n't doing . 
  or simply vote against it . 
  oh , and `` the netherlands earns almost 30 % of its income from the export of goods and services . 
  in 2012 , the value of exports was 86.7 % of the netherlands ' gdp . '', 
  so you guys are just as bad . 
  and why is n't finland 's economy exploding ? 
  they have the euro and are ready to exploit greece . 
  but somehow their economy is n't developing better than sweden 's ( who do n't have the euro and therefore do n't get to exploit greece ) . 
  i am not sure why it is so fashionable to pay so much attention to germany , but i suppose it is mostly just to have a clear good-evil distinction that makes things so easy .
