  however , many people at least in germany disliked the switch from diplom to bachelor/master a few years ago . 
  i do n't really have an opinion on the subject matter , but the question is asked in a way so that the answer is already predetermined . 
  the point i was trying to make with the `` suddenly there were no nazis '' is that people did n't admit to being a nazi any more , or could n't openly ( for the most part ) . 
  showing everyone that it was n't tolerated any more , along with the rest of the denazification , helped quite a bit , i think . 
  and many nazi did change ( into democrats or whatever ) , not because they were shown how beautiful democracy is , but because they saw how their cities were bombed to ashes and they managed to make the connection to fascism . 
  you can `` convert '' people by force . 
  and it can be good . 
  banning their symbols etc. 
  shows everyone that their behavior is not accepted , which is a good thing . 
  people do n't need the freedom to do whatever they please , especially when it hurts others . 
   of course it does , that 's basic grammar . 
  i want people to have the opportunity to be unfree . 
  are you against their freedom to be unfree ? 
  that makes you anti-liberal . 
  or something ? 
   after all you , just like nazis , islamic fundamentalists , identarians and others see society as being `` diseased '' ( your words , not mine ) and in order to cure it from impurity you need to employ the state to control what people think and say . 
  not tolerating intolerance does n't make me intolerant . 
  quite the contrary . 
   you can not however bully people to be less racist oh , you can . 
  after ww2 there suddenly were no nazis any more in germany . 
   germany bailed out german banks that over-loaned to greece to buy german weapons/infrastructure with so called `` bail-outs '' yeah , we bailed out german banks with german tax payer money . 
  could have skipped all those steps with greece and just pay a tax-tribute to glorious banks . 
   germany has benefited immensely and will always benefit immensely from the eu since they control it entirely they do ? 
   with a currency that benefits germany while hurting smaller economies . 
  you know , people keep saying that . 
  but somehow sweden and the uk can get by without being in the euro to `` exploit '' countries with weaker economies . 
  why do n't they want to have the euro ? 
   officials in germany have been implementing austerity policies since the recession nope . 
  officials in germany have been implementing austerity policies since before the recession ( agenda 2010 in 2002 for example ) . 
  looks more like th\u00fcringen ( erfurt , weimar etc. ), 
  to me than hannover . 
  if you pay your employees in things other than money you can avoid all taxes ? 
  surely it ca n't be that easy to circumvent taxes ? 
   oh , and natiolism is something else than patriotism . 
  not really . 
   but because one little austrian fuckhead gone mad , i ca n't say that i 'm proud of my country anymore ? 
  no , but you ca n't say you 're proud of your country , because it is fucking retarded to be proud of a country ( an artificial , political construct ) the only thing it leads to is a feeling of superiority , or an illusion of a community to alienate other people and it gives people the power to manipulate your misguided emotion ( `` if you do n't go to fight in iraq you are not a true patriot or against america ! '' ) . 
  when has patriotism led to anything good ? 
  what the fuck has to happen to kill nationalism ? 
  i do n't think we have to show anyone how great germany is any more . 
  we already did that twice . 
  we need a way to blame the germans if things go sour . 
  as far as i know the marshal plan was n't nearly as influential as people make it out to be . 
  4 billion $ to uk , 3 to france , 1.5 to italy , 1.5 to germany . 
  that kind of range . 
  saving the euro is already past 500 billion $ . 
  they do n't have their `` title '' because of their body size . 
  spanish spelling is the best by the way . 
  it 's amazing that foreign words in spanish get the spanish spelling like f\u00fatbol . 
  in english it is common and good style to write concise and clear sentences with relatively simple structure which results in language not being a barrier to understanding . 
  germans ** really ** love long sentences ( in literature and local newspapers at least ) . 
  those are the first three sentences from effi briest , a classic of german literature . 
   in front of the old manor house occupied by the von briest family since the days of elector george william , the bright sunshine was pouring down upon the village road , at the quiet hour of noon . 
  the wing of the mansion looking toward the garden and park cast its broad shadow over a white and green checkered tile walk and extended out over a large round bed , with a sundial in its centre and a border of indian shot and rhubarb . 
  some twenty paces further , and parallel to the wing of the house , there ran a churchyard wall , entirely covered with a small-leaved ivy , except at the place where an opening had been made for a little white iron gate . 
  behind this arose the shingled tower of hohen-cremmen , whose weather vane glistened in the sunshine , having only recently been regilded . 
  the front of the house , the wing , and the churchyard wall formed , so to speak , a horseshoe , inclosing a small ornamental garden , at the open side of which was seen a pond , with a small footbridge and a tied-up boat . 
  close by was a swing , with its crossboard hanging from two ropes at either end , and its frame posts beginning to lean to one side . 
  an official translation . 
  six sentences , and not really short ones . 
  wait . 
  ciao is a greeting ? 
  germans only use it to say bye , and we only say it once . 
  spanish as well , from what i can tell ( i am not even a1 level in spanish ) . 
  sometimes even different versions of the same word from old english and scandinavian . 
  like shirt and skirt . 
  the word chief was taken from french . 
  later chef ( cook ) was taken from french again with another meaning . 
  * germanic and not true for germans , we suck at englishing . 
  let 's pretend the usa did n't exist . 
  who invades europe ? 
  then i really do n't know what the law is for . 
   why would you even offend your country ? 
  how do you even offend a country ? 
  who decides when it 's offensive ? 
  does the country have to go to the police and press charges ? 
  obviously a country ca n't be offended , so it 's not that . 
  maybe it 's just a law to arbitrarily punish people ? 
  holy shit that 's easy . 
  i believe the kids who have to take that test just do n't give a fuck . 
   a way to socialize and let off steam at the end of the week . 
  until the bars/pubs all close down in the late evening . 
  i could barely get 49 in a second try . 
  fucking mannheim is a mega city apparently . 
  fuck that quiz . 
  well , i ca n't read that . 
  but first of all , they still have 3 or 4 years in which money will lose value and secondly , as i said , i do n't think restaurants , hair stylists , logistic workers etc. 
  are moving to poland , because those things just have to be in a certain place . 
  they might just get more expensive and pay more to their workers . 
   many german businesses will move their workplaces to poland because of it . 
  8.50 $ really is n't a lot for germany . 
  especially considering that people can still pay less until 2017 . 
  i do n't think many people would have gotten less than that anyway . 
  if you actually get paid so little , you are probably doing work that ca n't just move away ( like hair cutting , cleaning etc. ), 
   moldavian here ... my attitude towards russians hm , is close to being a hate . 
  not all russians ofcourse , there are a lot of nice people in every country . . and i have russian relatives , but thats not the point . 
  why i hate them ? 
  because of the russians that are in our country ... after ~ 60 years of occupation they think that moldova is a russian country . 
  one day i went to a shop to buy some bread ... i talked to her in romanian ( which is the countries native language ) . . guess what her reply was ? 
  it was : gavari na celoveceskom iazike . . which translates something like : talk in a human language .
