  they have like 80 members in parliement similar to that woman . 
  do you really think they still need to fight for anything ? 
  to me , we are far more tolerant to this kind of stuff than we have to be . 
   i 'm still utterly confused as to why you are casting states as having some kind of divine right to the borders and sovereignty that they claim , independent of their actual relationship with people . 
  simple , i know how world works and you 're sending me some link to a philosophical bullshit . 
  who cares about what people think ? 
  if you want to get some land from someone , usually you 'll have to fight for it . 
  you can fight ofcourse but i wo n't give a damn when you die and you will die . 
  i do n't talk about any bullshit here , if kurds want to have their own country , they should fight for it . 
  ofcourse they wo n't get any land from turkey , that 's obvious . 
  they can try , we need some targets to test our military anyways . 
  do you know how things work in real life ? 
  every country has a border . 
  if you want to talk about some imaginary world order that every race owns the land they live , have fun dreaming . 
  i 'm sure there is a subreddit for that . 
  also if kurds do n't owe anything to country they live in , that country does n't owe anything to kurds too . 
  ofcourse they can try to claim some land , they just should n't complain when someone strikes back . 
  assad will leave , kurds will still claim land after him . 
  it 's same with iraq and turkey too . 
  they use `` host '' and when `` host '' gets weakened , they try to take over . 
  that 's pretty horrible . 
  those lands belong to turkey , syria and iraq now . 
  just because you lived there does n't mean you own it . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  i 'm saying kurds does n't fight with isis because they are evil or something . 
  they just want to steal some land from syria , it 's the perfect chance . 
  kurds would n't give a fuck if isis did n't attack them . 
  first thing kurds done after attack of isis in iraq was claming some land . 
  they just work like this . 
  they live in some country , if there is a turmoil there , they just try to steal some stuff . 
  it 's like parasites . 
  they do n't support isis indeed . 
  you are an unimportant part of the bigger group . 
  nobody cares what you say really . 
  as for europe , last time i checked merkel was begging to erdo\u011fan . 
  worst thing is , people think kurds are fighting isis for other people . 
  just look at the map , they only fight where kurds are populated . 
  they wo n't attack isis in middle of syria . 
  they just want to get some land from syria , that 's all . 
  yes , and the best thing is hitting them when they are weak . 
  see , you just toss a missile between them , problem solved . 
  lets say we do , what are you going to do ? 
  people should realize every country support terrorism if it helps them . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  if isis kills someone we want to kill , we will help them . 
  you ca n't do shit about it , just deal with it . 
  that `` fascist '' erdo\u011fan was getting half of the kurdish votes few years earlier . 
  still he 's getting like % 20-30 of kurdish votes . 
  % 30 of his party is kurdish . 
  you are a clueless person and i feel sorry for you . 
  and what your country will do ? 
  curse at us ? 
  c'mon dude , your country ca n't do anything against turkey . 
  even if everyone you know are leftists and vote for hdp they are still minority . 
  leftists who vote for hdp is no more than 500k according to many polls . 
  i mean half of the votes from eastern part of the country and we know there are no leftists there . 
  there are no leftists voters in turkey . 
  ( % 2-3 max ) hdp gets votes from kurds , chp gets votes from kemalists and seculars . 
  oh , you need to be a `` good country '' to join eu ? 
  okay . 
  i would be rude but i ca n't be rude to dutch people because of the wesley sneijder . 
  let 's say it is a fact , how armenian genocide is about eu ? 
  turkey is much less religious since erdo\u011fan . 
  not because erdo\u011fan wants it that way , it 's just how it is right now . 
  it 's like rest of the world , world becomes less religious . 
  erdo\u011fan 's problem is n't making turkey more religious , he 's authoritarian and does n't like freedom defined by europe . 
  that 's what turkey been asking . 
  buffer zone in syria . 
  some ? 
  hdp get votes from kurds , not from leftists . 
  if you live in turkey you can see that easily . 
  if you do n't , just check the researches/polls . 
  it 's not dangerous when you do n't have something to lose . 
  we already have syrians . 
  yeah , we are at 149 because those lists think pkk members are journalists . 
  like eu , fuck them too . 
  no , you ca n't say fuck off to any president of any country . 
  you think you are `` free '' and `` part of europe '' but that 's just bullshit . 
  you are just tiny , non relevant country , sorry . 
  dude , you are from serbia . 
  you said `` killing your own inhabitants '' , if they are trying to get some land from you that 's not your ideal citizen . 
  also how would they take land from us , by asking politely ? 
  there would be a war anyways , we acted first . 
  i was n't talking about armanian genocide , i was talking about the `` genocides '' he linked . 
  they are not recognized by most of the world . 
  as for armanian genocide , do they teach you all of the genocides in world history ? 
  i said every country kills people when they invade somewhere . 
  it happens . 
  i said we did n't commit genocide where we invaded . 
  what happens if some part of new zealand tries to kill you ? 
  what would you do ? 
  and ? 
  can you read ? 
  every country kills people , get over it . 
  why should i care about bunch of greek cypriots . 
  if you are a farmer which sells me lemon or something , thanks , other than that i really do n't care about you . 
  yeah , genocides almost only armanians and greeks recognizes . 
  your name sounds fishy . 
  i wo n't argue about if it 's fair or unfair because i do n't have such knowledge . 
  i can assure you something , i did not say it was brutal and unfair .
