  we do n't have air defences in turkey . 
  with decent ones , we can defend our soil for sure . 
  we wo n't be attacking russia anyways . 
  for now , ofcourse . 
  if assad wins the war , maybe his next target will be kurds . 
  and noone will back kurds if russia attacks them with assad . 
  i really do n't believe assad 's just going to give some of syrian land to kurds . 
  what about a drone ? 
  http://www.ntv.com.tr/turkiye/silopide-pkkya-ait-insansiz-hava-araci-bulundu,sznk70ncquclb8r63b3lbg it 's an american made drone found with pkk members . 
  dear germans , as a turk i sincerly thank you for keeping these people in your country . 
  really . 
  i do . 
  that was a fake report . 
   perhaps he 's reminiscing about his old kgb days . 
  but the kgb is long gone . 
  the era of soviet-style propaganda is history . 
  with every statement he makes , the world mocks it sarcastically . 
  we can not take it seriously . 
   [ putin 's ] statements do not suit the nature of the modern world or turkish-russian relations . 
  so instead of answering his statements in the same manner , i just smile . 
  taking his statements seriously would be an insult . 
  savage . 
  people are not morons , you are . 
  not only turkey , people do n't like israel in world mostly . 
  so it 's not because they kill `` muslim children '' it 's because they kill children . 
   the united states is the only western country surveyed holding favorable views of israel , and the only country in the survey with a majority of positive ratings ( 51 percent , stable ) . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22624104 https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/israel-one-worlds-most-unpopular-countries-and-its-getting-worse-bbc-survey, 
  they say `` if we stop communicating each other , max would be 9 billion '' . 
  in reality much lower i guess . 
  he also said it happened before the jet incident . 
   mistakenly, 
  i 'm pretty sure french jets does n't fly without their comms open . 
  it would be pretty fun russia mistakenly shooting french jet . 
  as a turk , i think we should give him some money or something . 
  when syria shot our jet , we were pissed at syria but even erdo\u011fan was saying things like `` syrians are our brothers , we do n't have any problems with them '' . 
  and we see putin taking his revenge from civilians . 
  this guy is an idiot . 
  turkey did n't know who was the owner of that jet because their communication channels were closed . 
  about warnings , so many people said they heard them too . 
  there are so many evidences supporting turkey and there is none supporting russia . 
  genius , turkey buys stuff from you so if you cut ties you will lose money . 
  you 're second because we buy gas from you . 
  more than half is the gas . 
  you 're not cutting gas either . 
  so , we will lose only from tourism which will be about 2-3 billion dollars . 
  they are indeed waiting . 
  we did the same thing about syrian jets . 
  and that 's why i call bullshit when someone send that link . 
  it includes things like :  on september 20 , 2014 , demir celik , a member of parliament with the people 's democratic party ( hdp ) claimed that turkish special forces fight with isis . 
   a kurdish commander in kobani claims that isis militants have turkish entry stamps on their passports . 
  like i said , i do n't know who is right but i do n't see any reason to have things like this . 
  we should end this `` cold conflict '' . 
  about us moral , nobody cares about morals in international relations sadly . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  turkey and greece do n't agree on airspace limits so turkey actually do n't believe they are violating greek airspace . 
  according to wikipedia :  the delimitation of national airspace claimed by greece is unique , as it does not coincide with the boundary of the territorial waters . 
  greece claims 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) of airspace , as opposed to currently 6 miles of territorial waters . 
  is there any lawsuit or anything like that to decide who is right ? 
  for example i found this ( ofcourse it 's a sided turkish source ) : http://www.mfa.gov.tr/air-space-related-related-problems.en.mfa, 
  no , i know greeks violates our airspace but i always thought that as a competition , nothing hostile . 
  let 's say that 's true , why would greek jets lock on turkish jets ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  i was n't trying to do anything , just asking question . 
  i do n't have enough information about this issue so i wo n't claim otherwise but your claim does n't make to much sense actually . 
  i really wonder , do greek people really care about those violations made by turkey ? 
  i know greek air force does violate our airspace too but i see them as a training all the time , i really do n't take that as anything serious . 
  yeah , russian whores are much better . 
  ( based on my experience ), 
  and after confronting with russia , it 's pretty easy to see that we do n't have any `` actual '' allies . 
  we need to support west more . 
  yeah , people do n't talk about this enough . 
  if you tolerate them they wo n't attack you as they attack another countries . 
  if isis attacks pro government rally or something like that turkey would go full yolo ofcourse . 
  government allowing kurds to smuggle things because they do n't have any jobs there . 
  actually our only missing piece is air defence systems . 
  we were trying to buy those from china but we decided to develop our own ones . 
  we have the basic knowledge and i think we can develop decent one , not patriot , s-300 or iron dome but decent one . 
  ofcourse for now we are vulnurable to cruise missles and aircrafts . 
  syria is more than happy for american and russian support . 
  other than usa noone have seen actual combat . 
  on the other hand we 're fighting with pkk in last 30 years . 
  i really do n't believe this `` independent press '' anymore . 
  really , newspapers always supporting someone . 
  fighter jets carrying weapons ? 
  it is blasphemy !, 
  stop comparing this with greek-turkish relations . 
  it 's been going on many years , either side does n't care about this . 
  it 's more like a training , it 's nothing aggressive . 
  yes , and when that happens you warn them . 
  turkey did , syria did n't . 
  like warning them right ? 
  oh right , they 've done it multiple times already . 
  weird thing is , non of those links or reports have an actual evidence supporting that . 
  for example , that quote you gave from interior minister is just a claim made by an anti akp party . 
  same for other claims . 
  it 's like `` kurdish commander said this and that '' . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't support isis , i 'm just saying those claims are bullshit . 
  not being secular is a choice . 
  you can lie to yourself but kurds are highly religious . 
  i really urge people to check that report .
