oh my god , you 're so stupid . 
  gdp per capita does n't mean shit , you can check top countries in that list . 
  you have higher gdp per capita because you are a tiny colony . 
  lets talk about your economy , according to wikipedia ( i need to go there because i do n't know shit about your small country ) your exports worth like 15 billion dollars . 
  yes , we spend half of that amount taking care of refugees , that 's how horrible your economy is . 
  like i said , if you say turkey is not relevant , you 're clueless . 
  maybe your education system is fucked up as your economy ? 
  when was the last time wales made an impact on world in any way ? 
  i mean , it 's easy to check , just go cnn and search for wales , only thing comes up is your football team . 
  so , you 're just an unimportant guy from irrelevant colony . 
  go take care your sheeps kid . 
  being eu country does n't make you relevant . 
  you 're just a random , tiny country and colony of england . 
  your gdp is lower even than ethiopia . 
  really dude , just stop . 
  saying turkey is only relevant because of the refugees shows how clueless you are . 
  simple math : `` thousands '' so at least 2k , we have them for like last 3 years , more than 1k days . 
  do you think there are more than 2 million syrian refugees in europe ? 
  see , simple . 
  about wales , cmon dude . 
  you are a puppet of england . 
  i mean i live in istanbul , we have 15 million people here and your whole country is 3 million . 
  when was the last time wales made an impact in world politics ? 
  you are irrelevant . 
  fuck you . 
  is it any better ? 
  i do n't know even what to say ? 
  maybe i should talk about `` thousands of people each day '' part and your math or maybe i should point that nobody cares about wales ? 
  i mean , do n't you have a sheep or something like that to take care kid , grown ups discuss something important here . 
  ofcourse they will say that when they are fed . 
  and anybody cares what turkey think about this ? 
  well , as a turk , i do n't want to do that ? 
  you 're saying it yourself , northern cyprus exist because of turkey and you lived there . 
  see the logic here ? 
  yes , i 'm attacking you because you say stupid things like `` we were in a heaven then thief turks came , after that i find a poor dude online , i live with him right now , we are still poor , because government ofcourse , i have a great education by the way '' . 
  do you see how childish you are ? 
  we do n't have any oil so we 're fine . 
  wait , you say this as a brit ? 
  wake up . 
  every country has its own agenda and nobody cares about other people . 
  yes to what ? 
  you will force us to leave ? 
  then do it ? 
  who cares about rules or laws , we have your house and you ca n't do shit about it . 
  sorry , realities . 
  my cousin lives there , i 've been there , i 'm not talking based on media . 
  there is a reason to be grateful , everbody knows northern cyprus lives because of support it gets from turkey . 
  you lived in there , see ? 
  you lived with my money , i paid your university expenses , you should be grateful . 
  about europe , it 's really sad . 
  i hope you will continue to blame that country because your friend is poor too . 
  can you read ? 
  i 'm not arguing with myself , i do n't even argue with you . 
  those are the facts and you ca n't do anything about them . 
  you have no power , you can only talk like armenians doing for last 100 years and they have nothing . 
  have fun . 
  like i said , world is full of hypocrites , nobody wants an apology from us because of killing thousands of people with a nuke . 
  summary : * illegal or not , i do n't care what you think about cyprus . 
  we have that part of the island . 
  * genocide or not , i do n't care what you think about 1915 . 
  we wo n't give shit to armenia . 
  simple . 
  maybe you should read about it sometimes ? 
  you think we woke up someday and said `` lets go invade part of cyprus '' ? 
  well , i 'll answer it , no , it is n't like that . 
  northern cyprus does n't give us anything , it only costs and why do we still care ? 
  read and maybe you will understand . 
  greeks still have houses to live ? 
  good to know , i thought they were living in the street . 
  oh wait , thanks to germany right ? 
  btw , no dude , i live in my own house which i paid in my country ( which also pays its debt itself ) . 
  about cyprus , lets say it 's illegal , who the fuck cares ? 
  we will do anything we want as rest of the world does . 
  nobody will care if they have nothing to lose and sorry but nobody cares about cyprus . 
  try to force us to leave ? 
  you wait for us to do that ? 
  that 's pathetic . 
  so many ungrateful people there for sure . 
  you basically lived with support of turkey ( with my money ) and you complain about turkish people ? 
  you could 've moved south you know . 
  you met a man from european country and moving to him ? 
  i hope his rich . 
  you found him online ? 
  lol that 's sad . 
  you do n't know ? 
  3 year old is operating that thing . 
  do you even know what we are talking about here ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  because 3 year old kid running on streets to get killed by a sniper . 
  that makes sense . 
  really ? 
  even pkk says they do n't want land but ofcourse you know it better . 
  turkish attacks ? 
  what would you do if some group doing car search in random road , digging up holes in cities ? 
  pkk 's biggest goal is starting a civil war and when you think about hdp 's support to pkk , this is just a propaganda . 
  nothing is happening in turkey other than in some kurdish towns and that happens all the time . 
  and saying `` civil war is a very likely scenario '' is pretty funny when you do n't have a clue what 's happening . 
  that 's just sad . 
  well , that 's the point . 
  we are saying when you give pyd weapons they give some of them to pkk .
