  it includes things like :  bilal erdogan and turkish officials meet alleged isis fighters . 
  yeah , son of president meets with isis members because he has nothing else to do , makes sense . 
  it 's not biased at all , see very credible :  a kurdish commander in kobani claims that isis militants have turkish entry stamps on their passports . 
  what , there are turks who support isis ? 
  no shit ? 
   turks who joined an affiliate of isis were recorded at a public gathering in istanbul , which took place on july 28 , 2014 . 
  i do n't care either way . 
  if we gain something by supporting isis we will and ** you wo n't be able to do shit about it ** . 
  really , just deal with it . 
  yeah , and bombing isis prevented paris attacks right ? 
  almost all of your last 50 posts are about `` turkey sucks '' . 
  one of these : a ) you hate turkish people b ) you have no life c ) both i 'll go with c here . 
  kurds are not secular . 
  ypg is indeed secular but if they form something like a country , citizens wo n't be secular instant . 
  and in democracy , you ca n't choose who 's gon na rule the country . 
  for example , % 30 of turkey votes for highly secular chp but that does n't stop islamic akp to win elections . 
  that 's your biggest problem ? 
  that 's ... tough, 
  it 's pretty funny this gets any attention . 
  it happens every day in turkey . 
  we kill , arrest or stop isis members all the time . 
  i 'm not saying we did n't support them in past , i 'm just saying in last 2-3 months this happens on daily basis . 
  and i would wish you to stop posting same thing in every turkish related post and get a life but no , that 's not going to happen i guess . 
  we do n't like west generally . 
  we do n't like us because they kill muslims , we do n't like europe because they support pkk . 
  there is an even saying like `` turk has no friend but a turk '' . 
  i do n't think they were supporting isis because there were many polls about this and highest support was like % 1-2 . 
  people were forced to do something and they did n't like it . 
  no , i said two things : * half of the cities they made the poll was kurdish cities . 
  they picked them based on the data on where honor killings happens usually . 
  most of cities were kurdish ones because honor killings are kurdish tradition . 
  * second , like i said , they did this in worst cities about honor killings . 
  they were trying to understand the reason . 
  i 'll give you an another example , it 's like doing a drug test where drug use is highly common . 
  yep , that 's what i tought . 
  usually people chant against akp in stadiums so i was really surprised when they chant like `` recep tayyip erdo\u011fan '' . 
  probably they wanted that not to happen when cipras is there . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  guy was giving an example about saudis in a post we talk about turkey . 
  i 'm just saying two countries are not similar . 
  i was talking about saudis actually . 
  what part of `` war with usa '' did n't you understand again ? 
  you are clueless : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3o74ir/blast_hits_rally_in_turkish_capital/cvuomut here is the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lad8b3rcrau, 
  yeah , they were supporting peace by saying `` war with usa '' . 
  you do n't even know what peace means . 
  you ca n't compare those to turkey though . 
  i do n't know , for example women can drive cars here ? 
  please let us in so we too can lend you some money . 
  please ? 
  translation :  in selected cities , highest rate of people who witnessed honor killings : first batman ( kurdish ) , second diyarbak\u0131r ( kurdish ) , third \u015eanl\u0131urfa ( kurdish ), 
  first , source : http://www.meb.gov.tr/earged/earged/tore_namus_etkileri.pdf research was made on cities which have highest rate of honor killings . 
  surprise , 5 of total 10 cities are kurdish cities . 
  another surprise , highest rate were in kurdish cities . 
  so it 's not a general poll , it 's like going isis ruled city and asking `` do you support isis ? '' . 
  they were trying to understand it . 
  serious question , are you retard ? 
  i 'm not saying this as an insult , i 'm just curious . 
  well , they let you in so i do n't think their standards are that high . 
  dude , really , get a life . 
  well , it 's a lie so . . 
  yeah , there are tanks there but only few civillians died . 
  total destruction . 
  we do n't want to join eu, 
  nobody gives a fuck about you dude , you should stop . 
  religious laws ? 
  really ? 
  there is nothing stopping you from buying alcohol . 
  maybe you should read the report again . 
  rekt, 
  that 's funny coming from an israeli . 
  i visit websites of israeli newspapers like jpost and haaretz . 
  i 'm not talking about financing itself , i 'm talking about earning money . 
  there is so much more money in drugs than smuggling tobacco and robbing banks . 
  pkk is smuggling things too , i 'm not even counting that . 
  about support , according to polls , % 90 of people in kurdish areas were supporting the talk process . 
  that makes sense because least developed area of turkey is kurdish areas by far , that 's no coincidence . 
  we even have a law forcing government workers ( doctors , teachers ) to work in kurdish areas for few years , because of the terror noone wants to work there . 
  i mean they killed a doctor few months earlier . 
  also people do n't want to invest there because of things like this : http://img.haberler.com/haber/278/tunceli-de-pkk-li-bir-grup-yol-kesip-arac-yakti-7560278_5675_m.jpg i 'm no politician but my solution for the problem is the thing you talk about in last paragraph . 
  educate kurds more , give them works and they wo n't have a reason to join pkk , to me there is no reason to talk with pkk . 
  we had more than 1 talk , most of them ended after an attack . 
  last one survived more than few attacks . 
  it 's pretty typical . 
  it 's a long process . 
  we know stuff about ira because that 's the example people give when we talk about kurdish problem . 
  there is a difference though , pkk is a huge drug dealer . 
  one of the top in europe . 
  there is so much money involved , i think it 's nothing to do about kurdish rights anymore . 
  and after what happened in syria and iraq , kurds saw a new opportunity , they do n't want to settle for less , they think they can create a new country . 
  it will sound foolish to you but another problem is even kurds do n't know what they want . 
  we see pro pkk people on tv all the time and they ca n't give solid answer to the simple question of `` what do you want ? '' . 
  best answer we got is `` education in native language '' and we all can agree on that wo n't fix the problem by itself . 
  ofcourse you do n't . 
  here is the thing though , we do n't care what you think either . 
  you can supply weapons to anyone you want , we will bomb kurds if we want to . 
  we will give weapons to isis if we want to . 
  there is nothing you can do about it apart from hating turkey on reddit ( that 's kind of pathetic btw ) . 
  simple as that . 
  we have a photo of parliement member hugging a terrorist : http://media-cdn.t24.com.tr/media/stories/2012/08/page_bdp39li-kisanak39in-sarildigi-pkk39li-yesiltas-karakolu39nu-mu-basti_798834133.jpg that terrorist was in an attack against soldiers that killed 8 soldiers . 
  it 's like a us senator hugging an al-qaeda member who killed 8 us soldiers .
