  i honestly think the intent is good but the naming is a shame . 
  should 've called it hotline to talk about master suppression techniques . 
  would 've made people a lot less fidgety , i believe . 
  nice beard . 
  [ grab them by the dick ... ? 
  ] ( http://www.studentafton.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/1518b959.jpg ), 
  he was basically the second-in-charge of sweden for eight years , and pretty much the mind behind the governments power ? 
  [ sabaton , can we get your input on that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75zmij_4lfq ), 
  russia , do n't forget your [ proud history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_history_in_russia#lgbt_history_after_the_october_revolution:_1917.e2.80.931933 ) !, 
  i believe this was a character in the swedish tv-show '' \u00c4kta m\u00e4nniskor '' . 
  ah , that makes a lot more sense . 
  centrist left , sure . 
   the social media `` left '' is discovering that macron has an actual agenda based on something else than their own narrow worldview . 
  i hate to shatter the idea for you , but most people on the socialist-left think macron is crap , and thought that he was crap already during the campaign . 
  hell , there was a worry that the socialists were just not going to vote , possibly handing the election to le pen . 
  there was never any large strongly leaning left group who liked macron . 
  i thought it said never , not ever ... 
  lack of dissent intensifies . 
   knowing swedes from this period they 'd bring genocide , pillage and plunder to denmark [ ... !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yii1u2lz-ii ) the conquest of scania ( and other danish territories ) was generally a rather smooth transition , and the areas became ` swedified ' within a generation or two . 
  the conquests in poland and germany was often of a much more brutal nature than those in scandinavia . 
  / u/vonadler tell me it 's a lie !, 
  i meant it purely as a positive thing . 
  eu is pretty gay . 
   oh , and she also showed no interest in men but wrote passionate letters to a woman . 
  while you wrote a lot , and they are all building to a theory i 'd like to underline , still lacking evidential proof ( other than speculation , there have been women with more hair than average , and darker voices than average , who were not intersex ... ) let me say this . 
  christina had at least one love affair with another man , a cardinal in rome . 
  and even if she did not , being a lesbian ( which she was n't , she was at best bisexual , but let me cover that further down ) does not in any way make you intersex . 
  ** culturally ** she was definitely ` intersex ' . 
  her father had instructed her council to raise her as a ruler , which in the times meant to raise her as a man . 
  she was known to prefer men 's clothing to women , she styled herself with male exclusive titles , rode with a male saddle , spoke ill of women in the same manner that your average man would at the time ( accusing them of lacking intelligence , calling pregnant women ` cows ' and firing them from her household , she hated pregnant women ) , etc. 
  this does not mean that she had a pervasive developmental disorder , this means that she was raised and instructed to act this way , and due to the way she was raised , dislodged herself from the traditional roles of a woman . 
  some pseudo-scientists have tried to explain it by her mother 's mental illness , suggesting that kristina took a distance from her sex because of her poor relationship to her , but this too is false . 
  she felt warmly towards her mother , suggested in both her own autobiography ( written long after the fact though ) and the letters that she sent to her when they were still alive . 
  anyway , embracing the cultural role as a man/ruler more than a woman , she instructed artists to draw her in a way that she was satisfied with . 
  but to the point , she was , without a doubt , having an affair with decio azzolino , as is shown by her many letters of exchange containing various decelerations of affections ( as is covered in peter englund 's excellent book , the mask of silver , who also builds on the theory that kristina is not intersex until it can be proven otherwise ) . 
  her earlier disinterest in male relationships more likely than not stemmed from her fear/contempt of motherhood in general and pregnancy in particular . 
  in particular her contempt of pregnant women is well documented from various courts , which is probably why a relationship with a cardinal , whom had sworn an oath of celibacy , was so alluring . 
  sadly for her it did not work out , even when she , by the end , very uncharacteristically of herself suggested to him in a letter that she was her ` slavinna ' [ female slave ] . 
  ---------------------------------- as for the passionate letters to countess ebba sparre , while they could indeed hint at a sexual interest to her person , there are many historians who have suggested that this was merely the language of the time , and not exclusive to sexual love relationships , but could be used to define strong friendship . 
  i 'd like to underline that the one who made the theory so radically popular was , indeed , the very same stolpe who also had to push his theory of her intersexuality ( without taking into mind that you can want to fuck people of your own gender without being intersexed . 
  but hey , those were the times ! ) . 
  however , having read the letters myself i believe that there was indeed some sort of sexual passion , but i also disagree to the notion that it has anything to do with intersexuality . 
  i also struggle to tackle whether she was ` bisexual ' in the way we conceptualize it today , or if she simply fell in love with ebba as a person , rather than for her gender . 
  there is nothing to suggest , ever , that she liked any other women in any sort of way . 
  as stated above , she more than happily showed contempt for other women , and openly insulted female thinkers and authors , claiming that those who succeeded did so merely out of luck rather than raw skill ( she considered herself a different , unique case , naturally ) . 
  she 'd also never meet any other woman that she showed any emotional interest in . 
  it is like suggesting that a man is straight for having had a love affair with a girl in his late teens but then never showing any interest again in women ... until his forties when he falls head over heels in love with a man . 
  while we might have discussed whether he was bisexual or gay , i do n't believe we 'd ever paint us the picture of him being straight . 
  definitely . 
  it still will very rarely be a situation of a forced draft , as there will be more people who will want to take the slots than there are slots available ( at least so far ... ) but what is required is to go and take the physical and psychological tests . 
   the most boring film director in history ( bergmann ) how dare you ? 
  now let 's watch a three hour movie about how godly fathers abuse their children !, 
   the only country to take eurovision seriously . 
  ireland has won it more than us !, 
  they have to have taken it somewhat seriously !, 
   sweden has abolished general military service for men for a few years but recently , the parliament has adopted a law that would restores general military service . 
  and will quite probably , if it passes , include men and women . 
  not at the same time , pls . 
   they had a queen who was most likely intersex , queen christina . 
  * corrects glasses on the nose * actually , when her tomb was opened in 1965 to investigate this statement , and her body examined , there were no signs at all of her being intersex . 
  but an incredibly popular book written by sven stolpe has helped this idea perceive . 
  there 's basically no evidence for this thesis . 
  if you 're interested in the book dealing with the opening of the grave , it was written by carl-herman hjortsj\u00f6 and is released under the english title ` queen christina of sweden : a medical/anthropological investigation of her remains in rome ' . 
  with that said , i am impressed by your knowledge of sweden in general . 
  what made you so interested in sweden ( presuming from your flair that you are american ) ? 
  quit whining already . 
  too often the good ones get killed . 
  rest in peace , and may your memory inspire future generations to do better . 
  not saying i do n't understand why portugal did n't join . 
  just saying that technically , there was no alliance during ww2 . 
  unless doing absolutely nothing counts for being in an alliance . 
  pretty weak alliance during ww2 though ... !, 
   well quite frankly that 's insane and you can fuck off . 
  people like you are the reason the left ca n't get anything done . 
  to be fair , judging from the persons post history , he is not very left . 
  i 'd say that was a weak attempt of pretending to have the views of someone else in an attempt to undermine their opinion . 
  literally ten days ago he was supporting strict immigration , saying that returning isis soldiers would vote for corbyn , etc. 
  grooming gang probably does grooming . 
  it 's almost like they are human beings , with ideas and ambitions and stuff !, 
  i make fun of their terminology which heavily implies that the white race is the master race . 
  can we talk a bit about the professionalism of this gang ? 
  one of them had created a folder on his computer called ` terror ' , in which he had the plans on how to make the bombs . 
  one of the other members also took an axe to his own hand ( and chopped of one of his fingers ) because he was battling ` porn addiction ' . 
  master-race indeed !, 
  he looks kind of ... uh ... what exactly does he do with the children ? 
   welcome to my ignore list . 
  oh no , what i am ever to do ? 
  is trolling something you do for fun or do you figure you are doing a political anti-statement by doing it ? 
  i do n't even know how that a ) is true b ) has anything to do with churchill 's quote . 
  edit : wait , i read your post-history . 
  i am not interested in your answers . 
  same in sweden . 
  yes . 
  [ this thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dictatorship ) in particular . 
   the tories are without a doubt going to win this election i would n't be so sure . 
  theresa may is an expert at shooting herself in the foot . 
   i hope he can find consolation in golf but somehow i doubt it . 
  it would n't surprise me if he could never enjoy golf again .
