have a leader widely seen as unelectable . 
  strange . 
  he got 62 % of the vote in deciding who should lead them . 
  i 'd assume the people who got less than that , like owen smith who only got 38 % , would be unelectable . 
  the opposite of what you chaps were up to last time . 
  ** understatement of the century ** thank you for not surrendering to the blitz . 
  it could 've sucked otherwise . 
  luxemburg be like `` we wo n't be anyone 's sidepath ever again ! '', 
  it 'll be terrific , amazing and great all wrapped up in one ? 
  the heck you on about ? 
  swedish borders have been closed since june . 
  if they believed sweden could take an infinite number , why close the border ? 
  what do they want to change in the current constitution ? 
  anyone with some good insight into this . 
  is the pirate party populists that 'll say anything to get elected or are they actually made up of some good stuff ? 
  what are their plans other than `` snowden ! '' ? 
  economic platform ? 
  eu-relations ? 
  the immanuel kant one for russia is a bit sketchy i 'll admit ... 
  it never checked out harder than in this particular case . 
  i like that the police officer with wings is rolling with a baton . 
  ranged weapon ? 
  i 'll fly into this guys airplane and swat him with my baton !, 
  there are people in the right wing of sweden who celebrate putin though , despite russia being a threat enough ( according to defense analysts ) for us to consider nato membership . 
  so threat range does not influence . 
  i think they just have an automatic hard-on for any authority rule that does not include hammers and sickles . 
  if judaism and christianity managed after a few hundred years of enlightenment i am sure we can repeat the success with islam . 
  as long as we encourage people who are going down the right path . 
  i did n't claim they were happy or unhappy , or if they supported sharia law more or less than their male counterparts . 
  i said that their role in society ( in the eyes of themselves and of muslim men ) is heightened if it becomes commonly accepted to have female imams . 
  everything is a stepping stone , and this one step . 
  one step at a time . 
  the protestants already do it . 
  female clerics/priests/preachers are common in sweden , for example . 
  this has to be fake !, 
  diane james just told me that putin is a political hero !, 
  then where do we send him ? 
  when are you coming to sweden ? 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm sorry but i know i 'm going to be downvoted to oblivion but this is the biggest chelsea thing , absolutely disgusting . 
  sorry , but this guy is not a liverpool-fan and i and the liverpool fans do not want him to represent us . 
  our club is about unity , not distortion . 
  he can go and cheer for chelsea or manchester united instead . 
  because he really does n't like them , i figured from his message . 
  yes . 
  please continue . 
  you are paving the way for a functional immigration and integration . 
  integration is n't abandoning your faith , but it is to adapt to where you are living now . 
  this is an integral step to spread a more positive view of women in the muslim faith , and to show the differences that apply to living in the middle east and to living in europe . 
  you go sherin khankan , i am proud of you . 
  i like how russia was the big threat to everyone on the right until the wall fell ... and now they just ca n't get enough of how awesome putin is . 
  putin is an authoritarian piece of scum , and the soviet union was an authoritarian piece of scum state . 
  but putin is n't communist . 
  he endorses traditional , religious values and other classical far right ideas . 
   and even if it was , how many christian terror attacks you hear about and how many islamic ? 
  i think that depends on [ where ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/non-muslims-carried-out-more-than-90-of-all-terrorist-attacks-in-america/5333619 ) you [ look . 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/08/05/asia/attackers-kill-12-at-indian-market/ ) but yes , islamic attacks get a lot more coverage , especially after the birth of isis . 
  as a swede , this might actually become a pretty strong law in our country too , seeing how we are making the un convention on the rights of the child part of our system of laws . 
  to be fair , this was just a ticking time bomb , with facebook and what not , where people are posting pictures of , essentially , another individual . 
  the joy of being a female politician . 
  `` you do n't have kids ? 
  you must be shitty at your job ! '', 
  `` you have kids ?!, 
  you are a monster if you go to work ! '', 
  if there is a populace there who wants their own nation , they should be allowed to form it . 
  just like catalonia or scotland . 
  not rocket science . 
  oh god ... just seeing that ... brrr ... 
  even if i was n't allergic to fish , i do n't think i could ever ... [ this ] ( http://alltommat.se/wp-content/uploads/import/images/2009-06-05/recept-1507-460x345.jpg ) looks better then , no ? 
  oh god no , not [ british food ] ( https://comicsagogo.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/asterix-and-british-food.jpg ) !, 
  not only that , but many radical movements invest a lot in supporting not-so-well-off areas , with charities , education , law-keeping etc. 
  it 's 101 rebel tactics . 
  replace the government until the local populace recognize you as their leader . 
  anti-conflict . 
  refusing to recognize other nations tends to not be a good idea if you want to keep peace and stability . 
   i 'd say it 's more damaging to sweden than nazism was to germany so that could tint my view slightly . 
  uhm ... none the less , i 'll try and explain to you with three examples where taking a second thought about gender might be handy when deployed in foreign territory . 
  example a : your squad has been sent to investigate reported attacks on a food convoy in a mountainous region in afghanistan . 
  the village you are going to visit is extremely rural and archaic in their gender roles . 
  theoretically the citizens of the village should be at least 50 % women , but all these possible witnesses/sources of information will tell you nothing , because they are not allowed to talk to men they do n't know . 
  taking that into account , a woman or two would be handy to have in your squad , so that you can question all possible witnesses . 
  example b : your squad is approaching a temporary refugee shelter in rwanda . 
  it is in a friendly area that has recently been liberated , but since rape has become an [ integral part ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wartime_sexual_violence#rwandan_genocide ) of the local warlord 's tactics to subdue hostile regions , the chances are high that if the female citizens of the shelter will draw extremely negative conclusions when they see a whole group of armed men approaching their areas . 
  putting a woman or two up front of the advancing squad might be a good idea , to avoid a situation escalating from fear and confusion . 
  example c : in some regions , [ such as sri lanka ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2012/apr/04/opinion/la-oe-cunningham-women-jihadists-20120404 ) , every second suicide bomber is a woman , but in a nation with very strict rules regarding touching women , it could spark open resentment whenever a man does a search but finds nothing . 
  it would be wiser to have female soldiers search and frisk any women who are acting suspicious . 
  if you want to , you can decide beforehand what the text is about and make it seem like they are talking about how everyone in the squad sexually identifies , but it 's not about that . 
  it 's about being able to handle situations in the best way , in this particular case regarding gender and , to some extent , about sexual harassment and rape . 
  i am going to presume that the google translate did n't work , or that the word `` gender '' just knee-jerks you into a rampage , but the document is primarily about preventing rape and sexual assaults in the military , in particular when deployed abroad . 
  if that is a `` fucking joke '' , then sure , go ahead and laugh . 
  that 's enough serbia . 
  you want to get invaded again ? 
  then sit down in class . 
  was n't that an election promise ? 
  histories like this make me so glad the eu exist . 
  imagine if modern day europe was like 16 : th/17 : th century europe , non-stop wars . 
  what about wallhof then ? 
  as a swede , i prefer to think of the battle of klisz\u00f3w . 
  i heard it can cost roughly 350 million pounds a week !, 
  it 's like when you are on a diet .
