  yes , austria and belgium are outliers , but even there strangers are behind less than half of rapes . 
  and the other countries show a pretty convincing pattern . 
  no matter where you are , the idea that a rapist is someone who surprises his victim in a dark park is a myth . 
  your circle-jerk-way of explaining reality simply does n't hold . 
  and god knows that immigration causes enough problems !, 
  there are tons of issues , tons of things we need to do in the face of immigration , and problems that need solutions . 
  everyone acknowledges that . 
  why then do you spend your time making shit up ? 
  it 's easier to actually solve the real problems if you have some credibility . 
  okay . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://kunskapsbanken.nck.uu.se/nckkb/nck/publik/fil/visa/197/different ) a huge study released in 2009 by the european commission , studying rape in 33 european countries with data up to 2006-2007 . 
  it 's pretty damn big ( 140 pages ) , but the specific we are looking for ( suspect-victim relationship ) is found at page 32 for austria , and then it comes for the other countries at intervalls of about 8-10 pages the more specific questions are only found for 11 countries . 
  austria : 41 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  belgium : 40 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  england & amp ; wales : 14 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  france : no data . 
  germany : 22 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  greece : no data . 
  hungary : 26 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  ireland : 20 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  portugal : 29 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  scotland : 7 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  sweden : 20 % of rapes are by a stranger . 
  on page 106 it 's summed up , 219 rapes out of a total 899 ( which is ** 24 % ** ) are perpetrated by a stranger . 
  what do `` sex attacks '' actually mean ? 
  is it simply an umbrella term for sexual assaults and rapes ? 
  last i checked , [ about 82 % of rapes ] ( https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/sexual-assault-offenders ) are committed by someone the victim knows . 
   but thats a weird definition . 
  the main point of what i said is that being transgender ( or having any other non-herero sexuality ) is not a mental illness , while schizophrenia is . 
  that 's the fundamental difference . 
  gender dysphoria , as you brought up yourself , * is * a disorder !, 
  not every transperson will experience gender dysphoria , and how much of an effect it has on the patient 's life may also vary . 
  if someone experiences gender dysphoria , to a degree where it 's a problem , then it 's a matter for the medical community to help them . 
  what kind of treatment should be given must be determined in individual cases , in a discussion between doctor and patient . 
   so are you saying that if we eventually develop medicine that can in fact tread gender dysphoria or w/e its called , we should use it over sex changes/gender reassignments ? 
  in theory , why not ? 
  in practice , it depends on what the patient wants . 
  the problem in gender dysphoria is that there is n't a match between the person 's own gender identity and the gender/sex assigned at birth . 
  one could imagine a number of ways to treat this . 
  the one thing we know * does n't * work is to change the person 's gender identity , so called `` conversion therapy '' as i talked about in earlier comments only ends badly . 
  even if it worked , it would be an ethical dilemma as that kind of treatment would be the same as saying that the patient 's own opinion on their identity is invalid . 
  so that 's out . 
  there 's sex change , of course . 
  but sex change can be done by degrees , not everyone does or wants a full transition . 
  hormone therapy is a part of this treatment , and many patients are happy with `` just '' hormones , and do n't want surgery . 
  for others , surgery is very important . 
  i 'd absolutely say that hormone therapy is one kind of medicine that does what you say , alleviate gender dysphoria . 
  another part of treatment can be [ cbt ( cognitive behavioural therapy ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive_behavioral_therapy ) , a kind of psychotherapy . 
  cbt is commonly used to treat depression and anxiety disorder , two disorders which often present as a consequence of gender dysphoria . 
  in layman 's terms , it 's a way to talk about one 's problems with the goal to give the patient increased self-confidence , and an ability to feel good about themselves . 
  cbt ( or other treatments to the same effect ) can be done in addition to a sex change , or completely independent of it . 
  more and more , the view has become accepted that a full sex change is n't everyone 's ultimate goal . 
  a male-to-female transperson might treat her gender dysphoria with hormones and cbt , and end up a woman with a happy life , content in the knowledge that she is a woman though with a body that does n't look exactly like other women 's bodies . 
  personally , i believe that the degree of acceptance from the environment plays a very large role here . 
  was it something like this you meant when you talked about medicine to treat gender dysphoria ? 
   anyway , there is a reason why we make a difference bewteen gender and sex . 
  you can change somebodies gender , but you can never truly change a persons sex . 
  i think you might have it backwards ? 
  i 'd say that you ca n't change a person 's gender , but you can go a ways towards changing sex . 
  gender and sex are different things , but it 's something of a fluid scale between between them . 
  you could say that gender is identity , and sex is more of the biological thing , but it 's a bit of an oversimplification . 
  there 's the patient 's own opinion on what gender they have , and there 's society 's opinion ( social gender ) . 
  there 's legal gender , which is a piece of bureaucracy that can be changed as part of changing your name . 
  there 's medical sex , which is split into several parts : genetic sex ( the well-known x and y chromosomes , which ca n't be changed ) , hormonal sex ( male or female hormone distribution , which can be changed ) , and anatomical sex ( outer and inner sex organs , and [ secondary sex characteristics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secondary_sex_characteristic#in_humans ) such as body hair , distribution of fat and muscle , et c. which can also be changed ) . 
   but right now , not trans person will ever get the `` full '' experience of the other gender . 
  though it obviously still helps them to get as close as possible . 
  right . 
  today we do n't have a `` magic bullet '' to erase every sign of being born with this issue . 
  as i said , some patients can reach a good outcome , and some wo n't . 
  it 's definitely a field for further advancements !, 
  false accusations is a very good example , because even if they 're rejected in court they can be found out of context online . 
  the result being that you can accuse someone you do n't like of something -- which is easy , quick and does n't cost anything -- and this has the potential to keep fucking with their life forever . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think his point was that when someone else starts to gather private information people call it surveillance , but when those people are stopped from doing the same thing themselves they say they are being censored . 
   schizophrenia ca n't be cured like you claimed earlier . 
  that was a mistake on my part , i worded it carelessly . 
  i meant to say that it 's treatable , and that symptoms can be completely suppressed in some cases . 
  cure is too strong a word , sorry . 
  but i must stand by my statement that being transgender is not a disease , and so it is fundamentally different from schizophrenia . 
  whether one is really * born * with it is hard to say for sure , just as it is hard to determine whether a three-year old is homosexual or not . 
  suffice to say that by the time someone is aware of what a gender identity is , it looks like it 's determined what that identity is . 
  transgenders who come out late in life may not have realised it so early , but they 'll generally have a story of how it suddenly all made sense to them when they realised that they could be transgender . 
  for some , it has been as clear as day for as long as they could remember . 
  the situation we do n't see is someone living for decades happy in their gender role , and suddenly doing a 180 \u00b0 , and so it 's not a `` disease '' which suddenly strikes you . 
  just as people do n't * become * homosexual in their middle age , though they sometimes take time to realise it . 
   both are caused by a mix of genetic and environmental factors according to the scientific evidence we have now and neither of them have been shown to be successfully cured . 
  yes , there 's definitely a mix of genetic and environmental factors at play here , and perhaps most importantly epigenetic factors ( maybe you grouped them under environmental ) . 
  it 's no surprise , almost everything is due to a mix . 
  and the fact that no `` cure '' for being transgender has been found , in the way you mean , is n't surprising either as it is not a disease . 
  when you say cure , i assume that you mean for the transperson to somehow revert to some previous stadium , which is what cure usually means . 
  but consider that this is only an outsider 's perspective : to an outsider , a transwoman first looks like a boy , then says * `` i 'm really a girl !, 
  '' * and this hypothetical cure would revert the situation into a person who looks and feels like a boy . 
  this does n't exist , and the reason is that this is a flawed picture of the situation . 
  in reality , the transwoman has always been a girl , in a body that looks like a boy 's , and so there 's nothing to revert to . 
  there is , however , something to be done and that is a sex change . 
  a sex change has in fact the possiblity of truly fixing what 's wrong in the situation , so in that sense it is a `` cure , '' if we use that word for something that is n't a disease . 
   a person might think they 're a wolf , they 're still very much a human . 
  or would you let this insanity stand ? 
   some identities are n't [ valid ] . 
  i can certainly believe myself to be a millionaire but that 's not gon na matter to my bank . 
  what you 're talking about are delusions .
