  but in daily usage , due to being careless , people just say england . 
  if you pressed them on the subject they 'd know it 's not actually correct , but they 'd probably say `` eh , you know what i mean ! '', 
  and call you a besserwisser and laugh it off . 
  as this other guy here said , just like the netherlands is just referred to as holland in many cases , even though people know it 's wrong somewhere in the back of their head . 
  sometimes , but i do n't find it that common . 
  i hear england waaaay more often than storbritannien . 
  in scandinavia we actually do n't use the term united kingdom at all . 
  it confused me when i finally realised exactly the difference between the terms . 
  saying `` england '' for the whole shebang is the most common usage here , even if it 's wrong . 
  great britain is also used sometimes , though i think people avoid it as they think it sounds too formal . 
  and if it is used , at least northern ireland is included in the term by implication . 
  if it 's really bad the speaker assumes that all of ireland is included in the term `` great britain . '', 
  that 's just the thing , we do n't know his real position on anything . 
  he has run a campaign on 100 % emotion , 0 % policy , it 's anyone 's guess what he actually intends to do . 
  maybe he does n't know himself yet , it would n't surprise me in the least . 
  i get the feeling that he never thought he would win , that he stepped forward as a republican candidate as a little fuck you to people and thought that he 'd see how far he could take it . 
  far , apparently . 
  we can only hope that the actual effects of his presidency does n't become as bad as what he 's said . 
  he asked for anecdotal evidence , he asked specifically whether i would avoid going there . 
  i do n't avoid it , my friends do n't , and that 's all i can speak for . 
  i 'm not from stockholm , so i ca n't speak for tensta . 
  but i grew up in malm\u00f6 , and i would n't avoid the so-called `` no go areas '' of malm\u00f6 if i had business there . 
  i go to some of these places to for kebab when i want a cheap lunch , sometimes . 
  it 's normal neighbourhoods , of course they are a bit more run-down than in other parts of the city , but that 's it . 
  no warzones , no bands of drug-dealers in the open , no one is attacking police if they come . 
  at least it 's nothing i 've ever seen . 
  and doing another popular vote right now would definitely be a win for remain . 
  a lot of leave supporters changed their minds after the referendum , saying that they only wanted to signal the guys in london that they want to be taken seriously , not that they actually wanted to leave . 
  `` it is known . '', 
  especially generation two , i believe . 
  while i agree that the lack of a central government is n't the reason for an ineffective police force , it does make it harder to fix the police force for the future . 
  so what we 're * actually * seeing in spain right now is keynesian economics in action , with more government spending that leads to a boost for the economy . 
  in other words , exactly the opposite of what the libertarians want , and the opposite of what the title implies . 
  got ta love that . 
  government is n't down , it 's just the lawmaking that is down . 
  this means less future regulations ( if the situation stays the same ) , but that 's nothing that effects spain or spanish economy right now . 
  also , remember that no regulations will be repealed either , so it 's only a wet dream for people who like the * status quo * and do n't want any changes . 
  i.e. , not libertarians . 
  less future regulations ( if the situation stays the same ) , but that 's nothing that effects spain or spanish economy right now . 
  also , remember that no regulations will be repealed either , so it 's only a wet dream for people who like the * status quo * and do n't want any changes . 
  i.e. , not libertarians . 
  ah , okay , but link to the specific comic should be alright . 
  `` all available units , we 've got a homicide outside a bar downtown . 
  all available units ... '', 
  and no link ? 
  there are ways to work around it . 
  perhaps that if you pull * really * hard on the doorhandle it opens anyway . 
  perhaps a button on the handle where your thumb is . 
  both would be a good idea . 
  maybe an off switch by the radio and other buttons . 
  or your whole arm . 
   i thought it was some clever re-engineering of doors or lanes ... and it 's fucking looking before opening the door ? 
  right !, 
  i was waiting for the big reveal , some cool invention . 
  no , the invention is to use your eyes like a normal human . 
  it 's not even about the door !, 
  when opening the door on the driver 's side you 're stepping right out into the road , * who * is crazy enough not to look before potentially stepping into traffic ? 
  `` will i be in an accident today ? 
  let 's find out ! '', 
  while all that is technically correct , it 's not an excuse . 
  using a gun in that manner is still irresponsible and illegal , and it 's still a separate violation of the law ( meaning that it should add to the total penalty ) . 
  it 's completely unnecessary to generalise . 
  he was an obvious idiot , you had the victory in that argument served on a silver platter regardless . 
  they are actually ... a pity france ca n't bully saudi arabia like they would have been able to in civ . 
  i think so , but having more than one official language is n't unusual . 
  belgium has dutch , french and german as official languages , finland has finnish and swedish , and so on . 
  birth rates wo n't ever go up unless education levels go down . 
  which is a shitty proposition . 
  so what you 're suggesting is n't going to happen , and there 's nothing desirable about it either since overpopulation is a serious threat to humanity in the future . 
  if you 're worried that your culture/history is going to get `` diluted '' by new arrivals , you have to make sure the new arrivals get integrated so the culture is kept alive . 
  if he had a whole utility belt of portable battery chargers perhaps . 
  i walked around there for hours and hours . 
  my feet were killing me . 
  yes . 
  it 's the difference between [ parliamentary democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_system ) and presidential/congressional democracy . 
  in countries with the parliamentary system , you simply vote for parties , and the head of that party ( he or she might have a title such as chairman of the party or something like that ) then becomes head of government . 
  when their party is in power , they are then often called `` prime minister '' or something similar ( in sweden we call the guy * statsminister * , meaning `` state minister '' ) , and it 's then his task to employ other ministers to lead different departments of government . 
  there are a couple of important differences between this and the presidential system you have in the us : 1 ) as the party leaders are typically one of the most respected members of their party , it 's generally going to be a guy or gal who already has a seat in parliament , and * they 'll retain their seat * and vote in parliament . 
  so the prime minister , and most of the other ministers , will be very present and involved in parliamentary procedures . 
  2 ) the power of the executive branch ( the prime minister and his government ) is * directly * founded on the parliament ( legislative branch ) . 
  so the legislative branch is always the ultimate authority . 
  what this means is that anyone can ask parliament `` should the prime minister stay in office ? '', 
  and if more than 50 % votes no the prime minister has to resign . 
  this is an oversimplification , there are of course rules and procedures , but in essence this is the way the government is always held accountable to the parliament . 
  as far as i understand it , the president 's powers in your type of system comes directly from the constitution , making him harder to oust . 
  this is why you hear of european governments falling every once in a while , like the situation they now have in spain -- there are more than two parties , and no combination of allies can amass 50 % . 
  these situations needs to be resolved by some kind of deals , unless it 's specifically stated in the constitution that the largest block wins ( even if their opponents have more than 50 % together ) . 
  3 ) so this is how the head of government is picked , but we often have a * head of state * who is a different person . 
  this person might have any title really , such as `` president '' or `` king . '', 
  often , the head of state has a purely or mostly ceremonial role . 
  4 ) this might not hold true everywhere , but there is often no time limit for how long someone may be party leader , as long as that person is reelected leader by the party members each year . 
  it follows that there 's no term limit for most prime ministers , as your president has . 
  edit : i just realised that i assumed you were american when you asked about the parliamentary system , but maybe you are n't !, 
  nevermind , pretend i 'm talking to someone versed in american politics . 
  yes , but a picture with no context is almost useless if you want to know what actually happened . 
  here 's the context : he is indeed a known sympathiser of `` millatu ibrahim , '' a militant islamic group , and they are the guys in that picture . 
  he has also `` expressed support for isis , '' which means that they have found some internet comment where he said he likes their style or something along those lines . 
  so yeah , he was a radical muslim and he hung out with islamists sometimes ( though not with isis ) , and he was also a drug dealer . 
  this small time crime was his daily job , and he was apprehended by the police one day , and then in that crucial moment he decided that he 'd try to resist arrest by shooting a cop . 
  it did n't work out so well for him , seeing as he 's dead now , but that was the motivation for the shooting .
