  it 's impossible to say exactly what the consequences are going to be , short-term ( weeks , months ) , but there 's going to be an adaptation eventually , with resistant microflora moving in . 
  so the ultimate consequence is going to be more antibiotic resistance among bacteria , which is never good . 
  yes and yes !, 
  the antibiotics is going to be the much larger problem though . 
   op : `` people do n't do x because of the religion they zealously follow , which specifically tells them to do x. 
  they do x because they 're so backwards over there , it 's just how things are . '', 
  that 's not at all what i said . 
  i said that they are backwards , and * additionally * that they ( a ) are n't the only ones in the world that are ( because the redditor i answered seemed to the under that impression ) , and further ( b ) that in other backwards parts of the world there may be other reasons for the state of affairs . 
  the ultra-conservative parts of the middle east are backwards because of islam , or at least because of a radical interpretation of it ( which was n't as common 60 sixty years ago , as mentioned below ) . 
  the backwards parts of india are that way because of other reasons , the caste system being one . 
  but , more than anything else , what all these different places -- muslim middle east , hindu india and christian kongo -- have in common is that they are `` far '' ( culturally and geographically ) from the enlightenment . 
  the enlightenment is the whole reason we have it differently in europe . 
  it was the movement that resulted in free democracies , in rational discourse , science and secularism , led to free market economies and to open and tolerant societies . 
  in short , progressiveness . 
  the important thinkers that kickstarted all this all came from a fairly small area : france , england , northern germany . 
  greater ( cultural ) distance from this centre means more backwards societies . 
  `` cultural distance '' is of course a fuzzy concept , but one obvious factor that has an influence is geographical distance . 
  that 's just a baseline , then there are other modifiers . 
  for instance , north america is culturally close while geographically far from europe , because it was settled by europeans . 
  and then , of course , religion ( or caste systems , or other similar traditions that are hard to root out ) . 
  right now the extra conservative face of islam serves to widen the cultural gap to europe , while this effect was weaker in persia 45 years ago , and in turkey 30 years ago . 
  so no , i have never said `` that 's just how things are '' nor will i. 
  there are very clear reasons for the way things are . 
  leaders like the iranian ayatollah and the saudi king , and erdogan to a lesser extent , push the most conservative interpretation of their religion they can think of , with the explicit goal to widen the cultural gap to europe as much as they can . 
  the reason is that in that package deal of wondrous consequences of the enlightenment is democracy , and they are very afraid of democracy . 
   meanwhile 60 years ago some of those countries were pretty nice and liberal , like in your turkey example . 
  yes , we agree there , what 's your point ? 
   is n't islam famous for stopping cultural progression in the middle east tho ? 
  yes , especially to us here in europe , because islamistic middle east is the geographically closest anti-progressivist area to us . 
  and that was my point , we should n't stare ourselves blind at places like saudi arabia thinking that it could n't possibly happen anywhere else , because it happens in other places too . 
  like india or kongo , for instance , though that 's of course further from europe . 
  and there 's islam and islam , of course , today the religion has hardened compared to how it looked a couple of decades ago . 
  salafism , the kind of islam that saudi arabia are bankrolling around the world , is infamous for being ultra-conservative . 
  it 's the same with iran 's current brand of shia , iran was n't nearly as bad before the revolution , they were moving fast towards progressivism . 
  and turkey has also been much more progressive than they currently are . 
   you 're trying very hard to excuse some inexcusable behavior . 
  how the fuck do you make this out to be an excuse for islamistic atrocities ? 
  there 's not a single word to imply it , and it 's one hell of an accusation . 
  did you answer the wrong post ? 
  do you have trouble with reading comprehension ? 
  it 's a little hard to find sure statistics on china , as the regime does n't report everything , but you may look at india . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing#india ) :  honor killings have been reported in northern regions of india , mainly in the indian states of punjab , rajasthan , haryana and uttar pradesh , as a result of people marrying without their family 's acceptance , and sometimes for marrying outside their caste or religion . 
  [ ... ]  haryana is notorious for incidents of honor killings , mainly in the upper caste of society , among rajputs and jats . 
  honor killings have been described as `` chillingly common in villages of haryana dominated by the lawless ` khap panchayats ' ( caste councils of village elders ) '' looking at those `` councils '' of elders we see the similarities to the middle east , and indeed to how europe looked several centuries ago . 
  and inb4 anyone asks : haryana is 87 % hindu , 7 % muslim . 
  it 's very backwards , that 's what it is . 
  in europe we are so blessed with having had cultural progression the last centuries that we 're not used to seeing this shit anymore . 
  we only see it in extremely conservative muslim communities now , and so people may think this is something uniquely islamic . 
  but the truth is that it 's simply the absence of progression , they are where our countries were centuries ago . 
  today it 's still found in chechnya , both muslim and orthodox parts , it 's of course found in several muslim countries , and we should n't forget about east asia . 
  huge swaths of asia are extremely conservative in this manner , where women are expected to be married away and preserve their families ' `` honour '' by behaving traditionally , living under implicit threats . 
  i 'd say that the majority of all women living under this kind of oppression are probably in india or china . 
   of all the policies that 's the one that annoys you in a party called `` green ? 
  well , it was n't me you asked , but yes . 
  i 'm annoyed by their anti-nuclear stance precisely because they call themselves green . 
  in my opinion , it 's impossible to fight global warming and be against nuclear power at the same time , especially in scandinavia . 
  there are three ways to get electricity : fossil fuels , nuclear , and the umbrella-term `` renewable , '' which mainly encompasses sun , wind and water . 
  trying to get solar power to take care of 100 % of our energy needs * in scandinavia * is like going fishing in the desert . 
  water power destroys marine ecosystems . 
  wind is decent for what it is , which is a complement , an auxiliary power supply to shore up another main supply . 
  so that leaves us with two choices for where our main power supply should come from : nuclear or fossil . 
  one of those leads to global warming and pollution , the other does not . 
  both of those sounds acceptable . 
  discussing questions of integration , and of how much immigration we should allow , is one thing and it 's a debate we need to keep having . 
  it 's never `` done '' either , it needs to keep being discussed . 
  painting up a picture of a war with two sides as enemies that can never have peace between them is something else . 
  thing is , muslims have been living in western countries for ages . 
  christians and muslims have lived side by side in countries such as egypt and turkey for five * centuries * or more . 
  it 's definitely possible to live in peace , it has been done , the majority of that timeline has been peaceful co-existence . 
  but do you know one thing that makes peace less likely ? 
  talking in terms of `` war '' and describing literally millions as `` the enemy '' whether they have done anything wrong or not . 
  is claims that there 's a war between christianity and islam , they claim that the crusades are still on . 
  anyone else here claiming that ? 
  yeah , you . 
  i think your heart is probably in the right place , i think you really want less violence and not more . 
  but think long and hard on which people you agree with here , and whose agenda you 're pushing . 
  the title is permanent , yes , once you 've got it , much like a ph.d. 
  he may very well have been fired by now , it 's just the articles about him that are a couple of years out of date then . 
  i saw that there was a question about whether or not his ph.d. thesis was properly done as well . 
  but that was from 2012 , so that investigation is probably laid to rest now . 
   he has phd but as far as i know he is not a professor . 
  right , i misread , he 's employed as a docent ( in criminology , apparently ) and not a professor . 
  and of course he has the right to speak , there 's freedom of speech in finland as in the rest of europe . 
  i just pointed out that he 's not only focusing on finland-russian relations but rather spreading propaganda about more than one country , as he has clearly some crazy opinions on estonia and latvia as well . 
  the wikipedia article even mentioned that he has been declared a * persona non grata * and denied entry into estonia , so they obviously hate him . 
  you ca n't monopolize disliking b\u00e4ckman !, 
  they have the wrong flag . 
  he 's not a journalist , no , he 's a ~ ~ professor ~ ~ docent and author of controversial books . 
  i think his field is sociology . 
  but he does n't limit himself to finland , he has written books on estonia as well , and he 's got opinions like this one :  as a spokesman for the finnish anti-fascist committee he is against the integration policies [ towards the russian minorities ] of estonia and latvia , claiming they are `` apartheid policies '' . 
  on the whole , ** he does not recognize them as states ** . 
   imo interferencing elections means cyberattacks , trying to fake the elections etc. 
  but that is n't the way they operate . 
  they operate by exploiting the `` weakness '' in our democracies , i.e. 
  the voters . 
  they influence the elections through propaganda , fake news , leaks , et c. much easier to talk oneself out of if they get caught , than if some guy literally arrives in the office where they count votes with a big sack of fake ballots . 
  while it 's a melting pot , that does n't mean ethnicity does n't matter . 
  yes and no . 
  norway already had a healthy and diversified baseline ( they still do ) , which is what sets them apart from russia , though the oil on top of that is what made their economy go boom . 
  the other difference is of course that they are being responsible with their money and started planning already in 1990 for when the oil runs out or the prices take a serious dip , by investing .
