  * i pointed that this case he found ( or any other case of murder in sweden , for that matter ) is n't proof that latvia is safer , especially not since the data we have are clear that it 's not . 
  how does this make me a paid shill ? 
  are you day-drunk , perhaps ? 
   if it was n't religious beliefs , then it was almost certainly something done as a result of the backwards culture he is from . 
  perhaps , or perhaps not . 
  i think we should wait and see what the police investigation finds before writing our own fiction to fill in the blanks . 
  there are hundreds of serious arguments for and against immigration without the need to bring up cases that are n't necessarily related . 
  an honest debate is better . 
   it would still be another chip on the pile of evidence that this whole refugee business was a really bad idea . 
  if you are right in your assumption about his reasons , yes . 
  otherwise , no . 
   he should still be deported . 
  yes . 
  the problem with measles is that it has very dire complications sometimes , causing inflammation of the brain ( which leads to death , or `` only '' brain damage sometimes ) . 
  measles also causes permanent hearing loss fairly often ( in 25 % of cases with some strains ) . 
  it 's true that the * standard * progression of the disease is mostly an annoyance , but it 's unfortunate that this is the common idea of the disease today . 
  we are only so blas\u00e9 because we are vaccinated , in the time before the vaccine measles was feared because you never knew if you 'd get permanent consequences . 
  if there were n't any complications we would n't bother to vaccinate everyone . 
  okay , that is a fair point , but all the shouting and the hate and outrage ? 
  if a swede had committed the crime , this would have been a nice , calm thread with a few people saying some condolences . 
  i 'm not talking about the punishment as meted out by the justice system , that 's going to be similar in both cases , i 'm talking about the hate storm . 
  personally , i dislike all murderers equally , but this is a minority view . 
  everyone calls for the hardest possible punishment when a foreigner commits a crime -- and denounces middle eastern countries for their harsh justice the next day . 
   a sufficient supply of vodka not going to be a problem . 
  one whole incident ? 
  that 's probably enough to trump the statistics then !, 
  / s every murder is a tragedy , and the event at that ikea was horrible , but there 's still three times as many murders committed in latvia compared to sweden . 
  should n't we wait to see why the crime was committed ? 
  are you so sure that it was religiously motivated ? 
  yes , but a show of support is n't illegal , that 's what i 've been saying all along . 
  i can go out on the street and tell people that i 'm a nazi sympathiser , or that maybe stalin was n't so bad after all , and i will not be arrested for it . 
  if someone waved a nazi flag outside the houses of parliament as a part of inciting a mob , then yes , that would lead to an arrest . 
  but it would do that without the flag as well . 
  standing there peacefully and cheery with the flag in your hand would not lead to an arrest , though a policeman ( and others ) might come up to you to ask a few questions . 
  it 's all about the intention , which is right there in the law text . 
  if you 're going to cite the law you better read up on it . 
  civilization is simply a means to live crowded without degenerating into lynchings and mob rule . 
  thank you !, 
  you :  most of them were immigrants . 
  literally : some of the suspects are supposed to be of foreign descent . 
  good job taking a serious article about a serious problem and twisting it to suit your agenda . 
  that `` some '' of the suspects are `` of foreign descent '' should n't surprise anyone , that just means that the suspects were a representative sample of the population . 
  sweden has had a liberal immigration for several decades , and a fair portion of our population have some `` foreign descent . '', 
  you :  most of them were immigrants . 
  literally : some of the suspects are supposed to be of foreign descent . 
  good job taking a serious article about a serious problem and twisting it to suit your agenda . 
  that `` some '' of the suspects are `` of foreign descent '' should n't surprise anyone , that just means that the suspects were a representative sample of the population . 
  sweden has had a liberal immigration for several decades , and a fair portion of our population have some `` foreign descent . '', 
  exactly , and violence rates are going down , across the world and in europe . 
  crimes , terrorists , everything , is all going * down * and not up . 
  http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/foreigners/2014/12/the_world_is_not_falling_apart_the_trend_lines_reveal_an_increasingly_peaceful.html on the other hand , media coverage has gone up through roof , so the violence committed get a lot more media coverage these days . 
  almost anyone you ask will believe that the world is becoming less safe , but that 's not true . 
   no one can tell me that it was n't coordinated and prepared another way to say * `` look , i have no information and no sources to back up these shit ramblings , and if you find any actual facts i wo n't look at them !, 
  '' * also known as `` appeal to emotion , '' a well-known logical fallacy and trick used by demagogues . 
  if no one cares , then yes . 
  if people care , it 's not forbidden to start a political platform . 
  i wish it was , but he 's probably deluded enough to believe it . 
  lots of people are . 
  yeah , the world is becoming a scary place due to all the fearmongering . 
  the fearmongering is n't caused by the world being a scary place . 
  i think you nailed it . 
  i think it has to do with importing trash , we 're internationally famous for it : http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/3/27/sweden-wants-your-garbage-for-energy.html, 
  sweden imports lots of * literal trash of the kind found in garbage bins * from norway . 
  it 's because we have invested money into burning trash to turn it into heating for people 's homes . 
  they sell their trash cheap , for obvious reasons , and we want to use it . 
  on the contrary , there are many independent sources of data on this . 
  the satellite readings you mention are very useful , they can be ( and are ) used to measure how much energy reaches the earth from the sun , and how much is lost . 
  it 's possible to calculate the difference ( it is positive ) , which is one of the cornerstones in our model of global warming . 
  here is just one of many , many websites that tries to explain to the public why experts believe in climate change : https://www.skepticalscience.com/empirical-evidence-for-global-warming.htm just google `` evidence for global warming '' or something like that and make your own opinion . 
  you will quickly notice that not all data comes from the noaa , there are many independent sources . 
  this is what people should do with every subject really , do some studying to form their own opinions . 
  sadly , most people today are what 's known as `` scientifically illiterate , '' meaning that they ca n't spot the difference between science and fraud , and it 's becoming a serious problem . 
  i agree with all of that , i just did n't see how it applies in this case . 
  it might be different in different countries . 
  but there 's no government with the power to interfere with all research worldwide , so an international consensus is still quite trustworthy . 
  what heretics are you talking about ? 
  at this point climate change is extremely well researched . 
  practically everyone with an understanding of the science agrees on it . 
  there are always some 0.1 % of guys who will disagree just to be contrarian , or because they 're funded by oil companies . 
  * cui bono * , just like you say . 
  there are of course always a small minority who believe in astrology as well , so it 's impossible to reach a 100.0 % consensus . 
   representative democracy does not work for single issues it does if the single issue is important . 
  then you 'll see major campaigns and public outrage if the representatives try to pass a law that the public wo n't have . 
  the fact that we have n't seen that in `` the west '' makes it seem like your opinion is n't popular . 
   electorate often have no power to call back the elected representative if you choose to see all the representatives as one entity , trying to collectively scam the electorate , then no . 
  but the representatives do n't work together , and if some of them make stupid decisions the other ones can remove them from office ( parliament can oust an incompetent government ) . 
   the lisbon treaty left the immigration issues for national states . 
  that 's not exactly what it said . 
  but if you think that 's how it works , what then is your problem with other countries talking about immigration quotas ? 
   we will choose the latter , because brussels ca n't be reformed . 
  excellent . 
  good riddance to you . 
   the whole set of punishment regulations are watered down - resulting in a criminal society . 
  the outlaw ` refugees ' in europe at present is a good example of that - as a rule they are not punished for their crimes . 
  sweden is an example of a country with pretty lax punishments -- and yet we have low crime rates . 
  we also have the highest number of immigrants per capita , which we 've had for almost 50 years . 
  i suppose it 's simply by divine miracle that we do n't have more crimes then ( spoiler alert : it is n't , it 's due to a focus on rehabilitation over punishment ) . 
  and i have no idea where you got the impression that refugees normally are n't punished for their crimes . 
  but i 'm sure you 're just about to give me a long list of carefully researched references . 
   that pippi longstocking 's father debacle .
