  effectively lawless areas ) . 
  few of these places actually exist , but the concept is commonly talked about and used as an argument by some who want to limit immigration . 
  where ? 
  i was born and raised in `` dangerous '' malm\u00f6 , and i go wherever i want . 
  and i 'm as white as a sheet of paper . 
  but he 's a european , hence he 's using his words in a european fashion . 
  how 's that going at the moment ? 
  is it going to happen or what ? 
  8/10 , you need at least one * `` sad !, 
  '' * at the end for top marks . 
  historically that 's how it 's worked , but now erdogan has installed enough loyalists in the military that it wo n't happen . 
  considering how many muslims live in europe , few of us would be alive if they were all radicalised . 
  it would be more like bi-minutely attacks then . 
  clearly there 's something to be gained by keeping radicalisation as low as possible . 
  good job literally doing their work for them . 
  keep cementing the idea that muslims and non-muslims can never , ever mix or co-exist . 
  you have either not understood what you read in dabiq * , or you read it a little too closely . 
  * from dabiq # 12 comes this quote :  muslims in the crusader countries will find themselves driven to abandon their homes for a place to live in the ( caliphate ) , as the crusaders increase persecution against muslims living in western lands . 
  it looks like you 're dead set on misrepresenting most things i say , so i do n't know why i 'm even bothering at this point . 
   it 's insane to me that you think i 'm implying that 50 % of swedish women have been raped . 
  i 'm talking about the rate . 
  hence why i asked what you meant , i thought you meant the rate had climbed * to * 50 % . 
  now i know what you 're claiming so there 's no misunderstanding , but you do n't have anything to back it up . 
   if you think that any increase in - just - sexual assaults is fine then you 're insane . 
  i 've said nothing that can be construed to mean that . 
  i 've said that many things that would be called sexual assault in other countries ( one example being penetration with a finger or object ) is called rape in sweden . 
  it 's all horrible , but it means that the rape statistics look different : it looks like there are more rapes in sweden , even though the number might be comparable to other countries if everyone used the same metric . 
  you should have read my links , they explained everything . 
   are you telling me there 's no such thing as a no go zone in sweden ? 
  yes , there is no such thing . 
  there are no places where police do n't patrol , it 's a myth . 
  i was born in malm\u00f6 and i lived there for 24 years , i went around everywhere , never any problems , and i 'm as white as a pill of aspirin . 
  i ca n't speak to how it looks in stockholm from personal experience , but it 's malm\u00f6 that 's usually the target of the propaganda machines . 
  again , you should have looked at my second link there . 
   as for the other stuff , you 're incorrectly dividing culture and religion . 
  i think we both agree that culture forms religion and religion forms culture , so making a 100 % sharp distinction is impossible . 
  i made a partial distinction anyway because i wanted to point out that not every adherent of a religion are the same , or even similar . 
  christian mobs in uganda stone gays to death in the name of the bible , and yet my christian neighbours would do nothing of the sort . 
  hence , there 's a difference between christianity and christianity , and that 's what i called culture . 
  there 's also a difference between my integrated , well-adjusted , tolerant muslim co-workers and an isis member , i hope you agree . 
   and if you admit that it 's just their `` culture '' is bad , why the fuck are you still letting them into your country ? 
  for several reasons . 
  1 , because an individual 's culture can change even if the * national * culture they come from is shit , and that 's called integration . 
  as i said i know many examples of successful integration of muslim immigrants . 
  i 'm not for unlimited immigration , it needs to be at a pace our society ( now i 'm talking about integration as well as housing , jobs , education , et c. ) can manage . 
  reason number 2 is that we need immigrants . 
  we 're a small country of less than 10 million people . 
  native-born swedes are among the highest educated populations in the world , and as you probably know birth rates fall as education ( of females ) increase . 
  a swedish woman has on average considerably less than 2 children , so without immigrants we could n't survive as a country . 
  in addition , and this effect is even larger , our modern advances in healthcare make us live longer and longer . 
  combined , these two forces make the average age of our population higher and higher every year , it 's not sustainable . 
  the baby boomers are just now beginning to retire , and so we need an influx of younger people to care for them . 
  so , we need to have some immigration , matched by integration of course , we ca n't just close our borders completely . 
   also you 're way overestimating the role that christianity plays in violence in africa . 
  this is the [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gemqn/how_dup_policies_align_with_sharia_law/dipqdhx ) i responded to , which began this discussion :  * but then again , in christian countries people are n't being put to fucking death for being gay ( unlike many muslim countries ) . 
  * are you saying that gays in uganda and all those other countries are killed because of tribal warfare or socioeconomic differences ... ? 
  sounds to me like you 're moving the goalposts in an attempt to change the subject . 
   you still called fox news biased in your last comment [ ... ] you 've been shown with a non-partisan harvard analysis that , to your surprise , they are unbiased when it comes to the potus . 
  lol . 
  i have been shown nothing of the sort . 
  do you know anything about how science is done ? 
  anyone can find a paper saying anything , i can dig up some studies * by harvard researchers * that show a link between vaccines and autism if you want . 
  or how fossil fuel use does n't contribute to the greenhouse effect . 
  it 's very hard to prove that someone is unbiased , and even if the analysts * were * unbiased a single study shows nothing . 
  that 's the cardinal rule in science , something is true only when enough data supports it . 
  consensus . 
  there are countless studies out there showing a cure for cancer or whatever , but they are n't replicated enough to result in a consensus . 
  ask around on this sub and see what people think of fox news , they 're pretty widely regarded as a conservative propaganda machine with a clear agenda . 
  ultimately , it does n't matter to me of you believe them or not as i wo n't be able to change your mind if that 's the case . 
  but you should know that if you think fox are unbiased that says more about you than of them . 
   funny , because a harvard study named fox news the least biased news outlet during the american election . 
  i 've heard too much utter bullshit from them to believe a word they say , especially on controversial issues like immigration and religion . 
  maybe they covered the election well , maybe they did n't , but they have n't said a true word about sweden that i 've ever heard . 
   and you 're right , one of the only reasons christianity is not like islam is because it 's been cut at the knees with secularism which has been an overall great thing for the world . 
  yes , but my larger point was that it 's christianity * in europe and the west * that has been secularised , not the christianity in sub-saharan africa . 
  so a religion is a problem only if it is n't secularised , and whether it 's secularised or not is a cultural issue . 
  so it 's the culture -- both in christian and muslim parts of africa , and other parts of the world besides -- which is the real problem . 
  a culture of intolerance , and of putting ideas/beliefs before real humans ' health and well-being . 
  sometimes those ideas come from religion ( as with sharia law ) , sometimes from culture ( as with female genital mutilation ) , sometimes from ideologies ( like nazism and communism ) , et c . the common denominator is thinking that your opinion is worth more than other 's lives , and that 's something we have begun to stamp out in the west . 
  it 's still relatively new , historically speaking , but our values will spread . 
   are you really going to tell me that there is n't a problem with muslims in your country ? 
  not a problem at all ? 
  come on man . 
  the fundamentalists , sure , though they 're not all fundamentalists . 
  few are , in fact . 
  my main problem with immigrants is that they come from countries with intolerant values , not that they come from countries with islam . 
  again , their culture is the potential problem , not their religion . 
  that 's why immigration must be matched by integration . 
  i 've known a lot of muslims who are all great people , and they 're all integrated . 
  those that are n't might become a problem , but not one that i see much of . 
  those that do n't want to join the swedish society typically sit at home all day watching arabic tv , so i 'm not that bothered . 
   when your rape/sexual assault rates climb 50 % and you ignore it , you 're part of the problem . 
  what does that mean ? 
  are you trying to imply that 50 % of swedish women have been raped ? 
  it 's untrue . 
  rape and sexual violence are definitely major problems , here as in other places , but there has n't been a huge surge in rapes as immigration numbers have risen . 
  the reason why sweden is sometimes referred to as the `` rape capital of the world '' by biased sources ( like fox news ) is that we use different metrics from many other countries when defining it , more specifically a wider definition . 
  this means that victims are * more * protected by swedish laws , although the number of offences seems higher . 
  and every count of rape is counted separately , which also makes it add up , especially since the vast majority of rapes occur within a relationship . 
   the total number of convictions for rape and aggravated rape in sweden 2015 was 176 .
