  they should be happy they receive any offers at all at this point . 
  maybe they feel they do n't need our help , good riddance then !, 
  of course . 
  they did n't want to accept the deal , they want to stay in the eurozone , they want all debts to disappear ( preferably with no actual work involved ) , and they also want brand new cars for everyone . 
  i ca n't blame them for wanting it , that stuff sounds nice . 
  of course not , read my post again perhaps ? 
  i personally ( i 'm not speaking for sweden 's legal system here ) am assured of his guilt because there actually exist evidence for it . 
  but that does n't matter , if he ca n't be proven guilty then so much the better for him , then there 's no danger at all of going to sweden . 
  he knows he 'll be convicted , that 's what he trying to squirm out of . 
  yes . 
  whatever . 
  i am of the impression that the evidence ( which is well known to literally everyone since the case has got so much media attention ) is enough to convict him . 
  they have a final say in the matter in the sense that their * permission * is required , which they 'll obviously give , but that does n't mean that they decide . 
  the uk 's wishes are necessary but not sufficient for assange to get extradited , and since it 's a given that they 'll allow it their wishes are in fact irrelevant in this case . 
  it changes nothing . 
  or he could just go to sweden , like we 've wanted all along . 
  he committed rape and is wanted for it , if he ever gets to sweden he 'll get a sentence and then he 'll get out and can go wherever he likes . 
  he 's just spewing a lot of bullshit about how he does n't want to go to sweden because he 's afraid that he 'll get extradited to the us , even though he knows full well that sweden does not extradite people to the us . 
  he 's just a celebrity who wants to use his station to be above the law . 
  well , yes . 
  that 's a traitor for you . 
  i 'd take hawaii , how about you ? 
  does n't force them to do shit , but it 's a well known fact that poorer people commit more crimes . 
  and people from different kinds of `` shattered families '' also commit more crimes , like when large parts of the family are left in the country they came from , or died due to whatever it was they fled from . 
  thing is , when you look at the statistics of it you 'll find that it is these factors , rather than ethnicity , that are the causes for the higher crime rate . 
  that means that an ethnic finn , in a situation which is as shitty as the situations for immigrants are , will have the same chance to commit a crime . 
  in this case , ethnicity goes hand in hand with the bad socio-economic factors , making ethnicity a [ confounding factor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confounding ) . 
  aha , did n't realise you meant that rescue babies should be legalised , i see . 
  i 'm against that of course . 
  i 'm not sure of what you 're saying on the subject  a small group of parliamentarians even wanted to legalise it . 
  you mean that some people wanted a more general legalisation ? 
  i saw that this is concerning ivf specifically . 
  since the eggs are fertilised in vitro it seems obvious to check if they 're okay at the same time . 
  they * do * check the eggs during in vitro fertilisation , to see if they were damaged by the process or anything like that , and then they insert those who seems most viable . 
  why should those other faults with the egg be ignored ? 
  yes , that 's what the vote is about , right ? 
  i do n't see a problem with it . 
  what kind of protection ? 
  is there are special clause in the law for them ? 
  if a child is sick and needs stem cell donations you can scrape cells from the child 's skin and make stem cells out of them . 
  2012 's nobel prize in physiology or medicine . 
  the future is now . 
  voting in what they do n't believe in . 
  your first comment sounded like everybody should go with the crowd and not have their own opinions . 
  then that sounds like it 's not going against your interests then . 
  voting to hurt yourself because you 've found that 's what people think is the best idea . 
  it 's a democracy , that means that the people who wants to act against your interests will * already * outvote you if there are more of them than of you , you do n't have to add your vote as well . 
  edit : what you said just sounds completely contradictory , what you want to happen is by definition your self interest , they ca n't stand in opposition . 
  one of the problems with inheritance tax is that it hits very differently if there 's a quick succession of owners , or if one particular owner lives for 60 years after the inheritance . 
  is that fair ? 
  and , more importantly , it makes it hard to start up new businesses and have it survive the change of hands when the owner dies , which means that it is the new and the small businesses who disappears , while the old businesses ( owned by some of them dynasties ) will have had time to make enough money to weather it . 
  if one wants to tax the rich , great , but do n't use an inheritance tax , because that causes more problems than it solves . 
  there are better options , like incompe tax , estate tax , a special tax on the interest from having large amounts in the bank , and so on . 
  that sounds like a spectacularly bad idea . 
  or maybe the country does better if small businesses can survive more than one generation . 
  i do n't think so . 
  at least , there 's nothing to say it has to be so . 
  what 's a society except a collection of individuals who band together for mutual protection ? 
  it looks like it could be copernicus , equally good . 
  better in fact , since he was the original instigator of the heliocentric world view , galilei only caught shit because he agreed . 
  wow , that be lookin ' fine !, 
  no :( it 's athena 's owl , called * athene noctua * , and the english name is ( for real ) [ `` little owl '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_owl ) . 
  so cute . 
  the one merkel leads right now , spanning most of europe ? 
  yes , the ballots are kept openly outside the voting booths , but you can take as many ballots as you like with you inside the booth . 
  it 's almost a custom to take a ballot from each party , even though some will deliberately and proudly take a single ballot . 
  depends on the country , it 's completely impossible to link ballot to voter in sweden , to protect the citizens from possible surveillance by the state . 
  source : i 've worked in the polling stations the last three elections . 
  actually , that children do n't look like their parents is not due to evolution , it 's much more due to the fact that more than one person 's dna are used when a new person is conceived . 
  together with the process of meiotic mixing of genes . 
  a better example would be that breeders of race horses today produce fast horses than they did 100 years ago !, 
  evolution is impossible to see when only looking at individuals , one has to regard a population . 
  schr\u00f6dinger wrote that article . 
  it 's election promises , no one actually expects them to fulfill those . 
  i think maybe it is ? 
  nice colours there !, 
  made me think of kindergarten . 
  but the food is too good to be healthy . 
  if i 'd lived in italy i would have died from pasta poisoning . 
  well , it was subtle . 
  if parliamentarianism and revolution ca n't go together , it somehow implies that revolution sucks . 
  of course , it 's wrong , a revolution against a dictatorship may well be parliamentarian in its nature . 
  okay , i ca n't argue with `` left wing '' but how do you fit in `` fascist '' there ? 
  sweden * really * does n't believe in a strong authoritarian leader . 
  i know you 're a troll but i 'm actually curious . 
  good point , we could just issue them one-way tickets to wherever . 
  the rest of us would be happy , and they 'd at least be happier . 
  okay , i did n't see your point at first , now i do . 
  sorry for taking time to answer you . 
  religions do n't become secularised , it 's the people interpreting it who does , because their culture change . 
  the holy books are impossible to change , in both religions , but their interpretation will change and then it does n't matter how violent the text is . 
  the reason why it 's christianity that has been secularised is very simple : [ the enlightenment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_enlightenment ) . 
  the enlightenment was a process that started in the middle of the 1600s and continued for the next century , and the thinkers mostly came from britain and the northern half of france . 
  so this happened in europe , and it happened in * northern * europe which is important . 
  to this day , southern europe ( i 'm thinking about spain , portugal , the balkans , italy ) are still several decades behind northern europe , those states are a lot less secular than germany , scandinavia or the uk for instance . 
  this simply propagated to the colonies , the parts of the new world which were colonised by northern europe ( north america and australia ) are more secular than south america , because south america was colonised by spain and portugal , so all this still leaves its mark . 
  concerning the former colonies , another interesting fact is that those states are also a couple of decades behind their `` parents '' , south america is even more religious than spain/portugal , and the us is not as secular as the uk , just like southern europe is less secular than northern europe . 
  however , all these nations are moving towards secular , open states , albeit at different paces . 
  some parts of the world is ahead in the `` race '' and some lag behind , but that does n't matter much because all will get where we 're going . 
  and these changes are all directly tied to the cultural impact of the enlightenment of northern europe several centuries ago , an impact that gradually ( but inevitably ) diffuses through the whole world .
