thanks , that means a lot !, 
  i 'd read that . 
   so you agree with me if you think so you should read my posts again . 
  i 've made my point rather clear ( that the underlying problem is one of bureucracy and xenophobia , and that a swede or norwegian would n't end up in the same situation ) . 
  frankly , i 'm bored with you now , and see no point in trying to make you see what you have decided you wo n't acknowledge . 
  you can lead a horse to water , et c. , et c. 
  there are qualifications in the sense of skills and experience , and in the sense of requirements . 
  it 's obvious that the man did n't meet the * requirements * , or he would have gotten a job , but he had the skills and experience needed to be very close to any reasonable requirements needed to fly a plane . 
  note that i did n't say he should join finland 's armed forces , i think he should do what most fighter pilots do when they do n't work for the air force anymore -- work as a pilot for a commercial , civilian airline !, 
  and that this is somehow * impossible * because he was born in somalia or wherever and not in finland , is completely unreasonable . 
  is it different types planes ? 
  yes , very , but it is common for military pilots the world over to seek jobs piloting commercial planes , so it ca n't be insurmountable switch . 
  are there different models of planes in finland and africa ? 
  very likely , but anyone who has worked as a pilot is able to fly more than one plane , and have of course tested more than one plane during training . 
  again , i 'm not saying that this man should just be able to jump in the cockpit in a minute , but it ca n't be so hard for him to work as a pilot in finland that he should have to scrub floors instead . 
  because that is , again , a waste . 
  we 're not talking about someone without qualifications . 
  we 're talking about someone who * is * qualified , but still ca n't make it due to a combination of prejudice towards foreigners and non-matching bureaucracy between different nations . 
  if not for those factors , it would be the easiest thing in the world to have a pilot from one country take a couple months crash course to polish up the skills and learn the differences in these new planes to be flown . 
  perhaps you do n't think it 's desirable , in that case i misunderstood you , i thought i picked up a distinct tone of * shadenfreude * in your writing . 
  in any case , what we have discussed is a symptom of a serious problem , which would n't require any impossible reforms to address , and your attitude of `` this should n't be fixed '' makes you part of the problem . 
  hence my irritation . 
  wow , such a stunning lack of self-perception in just one comment . 
  i 'm impressed by the hypocrisy . 
  yes , that was my point . 
  the way he phrased it seemed like he was actively happy about it , and that 's why he was disagreed with ( because he was , well , disagreeable ) . 
   if you ca n't get the job you want you get the job you can . 
  that 's how it is . 
  you do n't fucking say . 
  that 's not why you 're an idiot , you 're an idiot because you somehow find this a desireable outcome . 
  it 's an obvious waste , to everyone but you . 
  it may seem that way , but it has more to do with the fact that the refugees actually want to keep living where they settle down , and not have to move again in a couple of years . 
  sweden is the only country in the eu who has promised the refugees a permanent permit of residency , every other country issues temporary asylum permits which may be rescinded the second the civil war in syria is over . 
  i do n't think it 's strange that people want to have stability in their foreseeable future , and try to avoid living on `` borrowed land , '' so to speak . 
  it has nothing to do with germany or denmark being worse to live in than sweden , it 's all about the permits . 
  anyone telling you otherwise does n't understand their motivations at all . 
  but that reasoning is n't economically sound . 
  so we have a high rate of unemployment and therefore we do n't need more people ? 
  believing that the number of jobs is somehow fixed and that the number of people needs to accomodate that is backwards thinking , with that reasoning our whole economy would stagnate !, 
  jobs do n't appear by magic , they are created by people , and more people create more jobs . 
  the main problem with sweden 's economy has always been that we 're a pitifully small country ( population-wise ) , and that makes everything extremely inefficient . 
  are you deliberately missing the point because it 's more fun to attack a straw man , or are you just stupid ? 
  no one has ever said that it helps swedish economy more to accept syrian refugees rather than american engineers or whatever , * but * both types help the swedish economy since we 're a very small country and we need more people ( i ca n't speak for germany , since i know nothing about their economy ) . 
  the crucial difference between you and the syrian is that the syrian need our help , you do n't . 
  if you 'd like to move to europe you can apply for visas and whatever through the official channels , you 're in no hurry . 
  so the primary reasons to accept immigrants will always be humanitarian , but of course we could n't do it if it would destroy our economy , so it 's fortunate that our economy needs it ( in the long run that is , it will obviously mean slightly higher rates of unemployment in the short run ) , and those are secondary reasons . 
  you know , being poorer and having a harder time joining society ( by being helped to find a job , or other benefits ) does n't make people * less * radicalized ... 
  it 's always the groups on the socioeconomic edges of society that are prone to radicalization . 
  yes . 
  ah , time for a good ol' round of `` troll , shill or moron , '' / r/europe 's favourite game these days . 
  i 'm actually not sure where you belong . 
  nice paper you linked , it would have been hilarious if people had n't taken it seriously . 
  a quote :  the point is that now that the empirical facts are in and no longer a matter of serious controversy , i do n't even know where to begin . 
  what this author is doing is called * refuge in audacity * , he 's hoping that if he tells a lie big enough no-one will dare call him out on it . 
  you 're doing the same thing , by the way , when you try to convince me that muslims with automatic rifles control french cities . 
  as an aside , i 've lived my entire life in malm\u00f6 , sweden , another city which is run by dangerous immigrants who have scared away the cops -- if some newspapers are to be believed . 
  if you actually come here you 'll notice that it 's bullshit . 
  and even if you were right when you bring up these examples of failing assimilation , * it would n't matter * . 
  i do n't expect you to understand statistics or science , but this is what 's known as anecdotal evidence . 
  you 're trying to disprove a * trend * by finding someone for whom the trend does n't hold , and that 's not relevant because the trend only has to hold in general . 
  even if there were ghettos in malm\u00f6 were the police wo n't go -- and there are n't -- that would only mean that there are some exceptions where assimilation really does n't work . 
  those cases would be thrown in jail like any non-immigrant troublemaker , and that would be that . 
   might possibly ( speculation ) sue what ? 
  who 's done them wrong and under what law ? 
   there 's many loopholes that have to be sorted i whole-heartedly agree !, 
  the laws and practices should work , of course !, 
  but , i do n't think it 's a catastrophe either , in my experience these things have a way of working out . 
  taking care of the refugees would go * better * and smoother with better laws , but it 'll still go fine . 
  this is not the fall of western civilization . 
  also , laws are never perfect , they are just made better , and we 'll never achieve a perfect response to immigration anyway . 
   come to europe where they believe they 'll get everything for free . 
  i really do n't think anyone believes that . 
  the refugees thus far have been pretty smart about things , and surprisingly well educated too . 
   our kin should be our priority . 
  race and culture is important . 
  i actually agree that culture is important , though possibly not in the sense you mean it . 
  i think the general western culture of * secularism and openness * is very important , and that 's a good reason to accept immigrants . 
  i suspect you dislike the `` openness '' part , if your comment and username is any indication . 
  immigrants will , in time , see the value in this and conform ( over time i mean , their grandchildren will be perfectly assimilated members of society , and i can afford to take the long view since western civilization wo n't fall this month ) . 
  i 'll have to vehemently disagree with the rest of your shit though , i mean , who actually talks about race these days , outside of an rpg ? 
  it 's pretty clear to everyone that how you behave have everything to do with your upbringing and nothing to do with your genes . 
  you have good points , but i do n't think they 're very applicable here . 
  the leadership crisis , or perhaps it should be called a direction crisis , comes from the fact that the party has changed a lot in a short time , not much to do with power ( i 'll write more on that in my second paragraph ) . 
  the problem is that sd have moved from a rather unsavoury past ( white power and neo-nazism ) to an ideology which is more easy-going and accepted among the general public . 
  now , they have a youth organisation , and in the manner of youth organisations everywhere they are more radical than their mother party -- they 'd like to go back to the overtly racist roots , they have something of a ku klux klan atmosphere going . 
  now , the leadership of the mother party threatens to cut them loose completely , but this revealed a possible split in the party . 
  we 'll see how it works out . 
  the vast majority of their voters are mostly `` regular guys '' who just think the immigration issue could be handled better , while the core of the party -- the guys who do the work , who actually take up the various positions -- remember the good old days of white power and hating everyone who 's not blond . 
  there 's a conflict of interest there , and sooner or later they 'll have to do something about it . 
  sd and power then , the reason their current crisis is n't due to getting close to power . 
  in fact , they have practically no political power at all ( since every other party uniformly refuses to work with them , meaning that whatever they want to do in the riksdag/parliament dies ) , but their power is based on word of mouth , various scandals , various moves and gambits in the media , and so on . 
  they are firmly tied to the principle `` all pr is good pr , '' which was why i mentioned scandals . 
  one example was the * j\u00e4rnr\u00f6rsskandalen * , the `` iron bar scandal , '' where video footage of sd parliament members was leaked -- in the video some of the mps threatened immigrants with iron bars , intending to give them a beating . 
  now , most of the country denounced them and thought it was awful , but they got some more votes out of it !, 
  it seems that there are some people who actually think that the proper thing to do with immigrants is to beat them in the face with an iron bar , but they generally would n't dare to say this out loud . 
  then sd comes along and does it , and they gained some votes . 
  this is how sd 's power works , and that 's why i 'm sceptical that they 'll gain anything by figuring less in the media . 
  they have definitely not doubled in size out of nowhere . 
  true , but immigration seems to come in waves . 
  the current crisis with is wo n't continue in perpetuum .
