  orban was going fast towards the right ( and , which is much worse , towards authoritarianism ) for several years before the migrant crisis . 
  since 2012 at least . 
  the crisis have probably accelerated his course a little bit , made it easier for him , but ultimately the direction he is going has nothing to do with migration . 
  he just likes dat powerrr . 
  at the time of the election no one knew that pis was going to try this if they got a majority , so even though it was voted through parliament there 's nothing that says it 's popular among the people . 
  very viable i 'd say . 
  the ability is a bit meh as you say , you do n't exactly say no to 2 extra happiness but it 's not great either . 
  but the unit is very good - sea beggar , a privateer that starts with coastal raider ii instead of i , and supply so that it heals anywhere . 
  it gives them longevity , and most importantly starting with coastal raider ii means that if you have a barracks and armory you can take coastal raider iii and then take logistics ( attack twice per round ) right as it 's built !, 
  and the polders are good , they give 3 food , 1 prod , 2 gold after economics . 
  marsh is n't found in abundance , but flood plains are if you find a suitable river for it . 
  i was just kidding , since i had just ran across the same explanation in the other spot . 
  do we have more than two lakes ? 
  i only knew that a j\u00f6tunn lifted up gotland and \u00d6land and threw them out to sea , and so v\u00e4nern and v\u00e4ttern were created . 
  but i suppose the islands of ven and bornholm came from somewhere as well ... 
  wow , the carpathians have a really cool snaky shape going !, 
  trying to get gilded again for the same comment ?!, 
  aye , they get rad after economics . 
  his username is a good hint for you . 
  i 've seen him around here before , with lots of nationalism and historical myths . 
   you implied that ancient historians ' works have little value compared to today 's historians . 
  what i implied was that the works of ancient `` historians '' are n't in fact proper works of history with real critique in them , but rather sources in themselves . 
  sources that must be weighed and critiqued by real , modern historians and ca n't be taken at face value . 
   this is not the case since we can check whether their stories were accurate or not . 
  we can do some work to that end yes , but not conclusively . 
  we have found several inaccuracies in herodotus ' * histories * to name one example , but we ca n't be sure if all inaccuracies have been spotted . 
  we can in fact be quite sure that they have n't , because we do n't have enough independent sources from the same period to do a conclusive cross check . 
  so we 're faced with a situation where we have a couple of known unknowns , and suspect several more unknown unknowns . 
  and it 's of course the unknown unknowns that are the problem , the inaccuracies that have been spotted are no danger . 
  so no , we ca n't `` check '' the accuracy of ancient historical works in the way you imply . 
   we have many journals ( mostly parts of them ) from dione cassio , historia romana by appiano of alessandria , lucio floro , plutarco , and many others . 
  which do not independently cover the same ground as caesar 's writings , and so does n't help us determine propaganda from truth . 
  also , they were written centuries later , and so are n't first-hand sources . 
  most problematically , many of those authors you named draw on caesar as a source !, 
  and so we ca n't be 100 % sure of details of the gallic wars , like you claimed . 
  we have a very good whole picture of the late roman republic , but there are still many events where we ca n't be completely sure of the exact date or exactly how events unfolded . 
  that does n't matter , because the whole picture is sound . 
  it 's the exact same way with the vikings , we may not be 100 % sure whether a certain battle took place in early or late summer , or in 870 or 872 , but what does it matter ? 
  the fuller picture is n't dependent on that . 
   no shit , i thought it was general knowledge that paper does n't last long . 
  and at the same time you disparage the fact that sources on viking life are copies . 
  you 're using a double standard and i 'm calling you out on it . 
   romanocentric worldview i 'm referring to the fact that i recognise your username and you have made several very weird claims about romans in this sub before . 
  and , again , you 're using a double standard , choosing to believe things about roman history unquestioningly , claiming some superiority ( your first comment , at the top of this chain ) . 
  when it comes to the specific period of the late roman republic and early roman empire there 's about 100 years that is a historical `` golden age '' because we are lucky enough to have many independent sources , because later europeans were fascinated in this period and so preserved copies of sources . 
  later periods of roman history are often much more scant , for instance we have far less certainty when it comes to the lives of trajan or hadrian , or the middle republic , than the life of julius caesar . 
  so this is n't a result of romans in general keeping great and faithful histories , it 's a result of our good luck in having many sources of the same period . 
  and of course the population density in scandinavia have been lower than that of rome in its heyday , so finding independent sources describing the * same * event is rarer . 
  this is n't unexpected in any way , but as i said it 's not really a problem since we have enough information to paint the full picture . 
  we do n't have to be completely sure whether a battle was fought in 870 or 872 . 
  and then of course there 's christianity , which removed a lot of sources in their campaign to get rid of the runes ( as they were linked to paganism and magic ) . 
  this happened in mainland scandinavia , but only to a smaller extent in iceland , and that 's the reason most of our sources have been preserved on iceland . 
  nothing weird about it , but believing that we do n't have information about viking society is a completely wrong conclusion to draw from it . 
   modern historians do compare sources of different ancient historians to assess the veracity of their claims . 
  i ca n't remember that i 've ever said otherwise . 
   for example have an incredibly good knowledge of ceasar 's conquest of gallia due to them actually writing down daily journals for military porpuses . 
  julius caesar 's * de bello gallico * was n't a daily journal kept for military purposes , it was a piece of autobiography that caesar chose to write himself , to make sure word of his exploits reached rome . 
  so it 's more akin to propaganda than a formal logbook . 
  and again , we have * copies * of it , we do n't have the original . 
  i 've said this before , you are very ignorant on the subject of history . 
  or , more likely , you are very biased and choose to skew your interpretation of things to fit your romanocentric worldview . 
   the greek and romans had a large number of proper historians at the time . 
  no `` proper '' historians with an understanding of source critique and so on have existed before the modern day . 
  herodotus did a fine job for his time , but ca n't be compared to a `` proper '' historian . 
  in the same way that hippocrates was far from evidence-based medicine , and so on . 
  i have never claimed that poetry is history . 
  history is hard , sources are scant or messy or both . 
  i have never claimed that we are 100 % sure that a certain battle took place on one exact date and unfolded exactly as told , there are extremely few events in medieval or pre-medieval history where we have that kind of certainty . 
  the printing press eventually made it easier , because it allowed us a wealth of sources , and when enough different sources say the same thing we get a higher degree of certainty . 
  what i have claimed is that you 're completely off the mark when you say that we have no information about the vikings , we have a ton of information , even if we lack exact dates . 
   you mean sagas handed down for generations orally and then written down hundreds of years after they happened ? 
  yes . 
  much like the old myths of any other people , greek , roman , et c. of course things are copied down , either from copying text to text , orally , or writing down oral information into text . 
  it 's the same with texts from roman sources , it has been copied . 
  do you believe cicero 's letters are preserved in their original manuscripts ... ? 
  this is not an argument that the romans could n't write . 
  you claim that we `` do n't know anything '' about the viking age , and that they were illiterate , but you 're wrong on both counts . 
  i also note that you conspicuosly chose to ignore the most important part of my comment ; the law codes . 
  the law codes in particular tells us a lot about how their society worked . 
  and i can add that most runic inscriptions are n't about mythology , they are often commemorating a dead person or an important event . 
  you might also be interested to learn that writing with runes , both on wood and on hides , vellum and other kinds of `` paper , '' were common . 
  the * runestones * are the most famous and the most commonly found today , but that 's simply because stone is more lasting . 
  the everyday writing was done on materials other than stone . 
   the vikings did not know how to write and read completely false . 
   we have little to no knowledge about them except from the artifacts they left you have literally no idea what you 're talking about . 
  heard about the eddas and all the other preserved myths , the kings ' sagas like heimskringla , the law codes like the codex runicus and others , or the thousands of runestones littering scandinavia ... ? 
  being ignorant on a subject you 're not interested in is fine , but do n't make claims about shit you know nothing about . 
  the indigenous people who lived in britain before the anglo-saxons . 
  but more generally today a briton ( or a `` brit '' ) is just anyone from the uk . 
  ( not sure if you made a semi subtle brexit joke , in which case i 'm sorry for ruining it ... ), 
  shapeshifting would really help with the ugliness though . 
  you make good points , but they actually have two things : oil is the first , but location is the second . 
  the us are n't propping them up only because of their oil , but also because saudi arabia and iran are the two dominant muslim regional powers , with one of them being hardline sunni and the other hardline shia . 
  they are constantly flexing their muscles at each other , and that rivalry plays a big role in the us-saudi alliance . 
  no , it has n't . 
  the us did very well for parts of the cold war , and eventually `` won '' it when the soviet bloc collapsed in 1991 . 
  around that time the us was supremely dominant in the world , unthreatened , in a much stronger position than in 1945 . 
  but since 1991 it has slowly been waning , with a steeper and steeper decline for every year during the last decade . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it refers to zones where it is believed that the police are afraid to patrol ( i.e.
