  the implied answer being that citizens in the western world are * innocent until proven guilty * , and so someone 's legal rights ca n't be taken away on a mere suspicion . 
  was that a response to my comment ? 
  maybe . 
  the analysis i 've read says that planning of terror attacks today is often orchestrated/directed by people in other countries , making the internet a necessity . 
  but it 's hard to assess how many conversations are held offline . 
   hard to plot anything when you are stuck in your house 24/7 wait , what ? 
  that 's obviously not true , it is well known that the bulk of radicalisation and planning is done online . 
   most of them probably were just guys with radical views that had no intention of making an attack i agree with this part . 
  wow . 
  talk about missing the point . 
  the important word was n't `` jihadi , '' the important word was `` suspected . '', 
  but it 's still not possible to actually do it on a regular basis . 
  there are n't enough police , they do n't have the resources , they do n't have the facilities to lock up or investigate so many . 
  thank you , it 's nice with some good news for a change . 
  welp . 
  i guess it 's time to leave / r/europe as a lost cause . 
  that 's the problem then , a statement without a reputable source is just a piece of opinion , not a fact . 
  googling is n't feasible , since one will find any number by googling . 
  if i start looking around the internet for estimates of how many refugees sweden receive yearly i will probably find some websites that says `` none '' and some that will give an answer in the millions . 
  did any of them link to a source ? 
  bring up whatever estimates you want , as long as it is based on actual statistics and polls made by reputable sources . 
  if you just pull numbers out of your ass , like people generally do in the migration debate , your post will be downvoted and possibly even deleted . 
  of course there are evidence , because they are doing it in public . 
  they did n't post any information about where migrants are living until about a month ago , then the fires started burning every other night . 
  some of the buildings were in use , and some were empty and intended for use . 
  arson against the ones with people sleeping inside them are of course infinitely worse , but the attacks against some of the empty ones are more telling in this instance : many of them were just regular buildings owned by the city , and no work had been done to convert them into living space yet . 
  no signs where it said `` migrants here , '' nothing . 
  so how did the perpetrators know what to burn down ? 
  because the sweden democrats have published lists of intended asylum shelters online . 
  recently , migrationsverket ( the migration agency ) decided that the exact location of new shelters must be confidential because of security reasons . 
  but sd has n't stopped posting the locations , they are leaking the info because they , in their own words , do n't agree with the decision . 
  very responsible for a political party to undermine a government agency trying to carry out its orders , yes ? 
  there is absolutely no legitimate reason for them to post the exact addresses ( with street view pictures and maps ) in the way they are doing . 
  they say that it 's in the interest of `` transparency , '' so that people can `` let their opinions about the shelters be heard . '', 
  that 's obviously bullshit , because there 's no need for addresses/pictures/maps if that was the case : just write that 10 new asylum shelters are planned , and if people do n't like that then they will protest . 
  no need for addresses to protest , that 's only required if one wants to set fire to the places . 
  they clearly are n't doing it in order to have rallies or demonstrations at the sites , because they have n't organised any demonstrations . 
  i ca n't see the difference . 
  everyone knows who are encouraging the attacks and guiding arsonists to their next targets . 
  pretty obvious difference , the new pictures are in colour . 
  sorry if i spoiled it for anyone !, 
   the argument you are making is usually an argument made by people who do n't really know the teaching/history of christianity , or any other religion . 
  it 's perfectly fine to be atheist , just keep in mind though that you probably only have a cursory knowledge of religion if you have n't spent any time actually studying them or practicing said religion . 
  yes , i should have been more careful . 
  on the other hand , i said it in response to a post where a * non-muslim * made exactly the same type of generalised remarks about islam , assuming that every muslim follows the quran , and that only a minority `` cherry-picks . '', 
  his knowledge about islam and my knowledge about christianity should be comparable , i think ? 
  well , i would n't know the details of it , since i do n't believe in any gods . 
  from my perspective it looks like cherry-picking , and i usually hear christians describe it as such ( they often say that `` naturally '' they have to cherry-pick , since half the verses in the bible are so outdated and do n't apply to our current society ) . 
  maybe these people are so `` bad '' at being christians that they 're not even right in this explanation !, 
  very possible . 
  every muslim i know ( that i have asked ) are very against sharia law since they consider it barbaric . 
  then again , those muslims are either born in sweden or came here at a young age and has grown up here , so they 're obviously `` westernised . '', 
  i 'm sure i 'd get different answers if i travelled down to syria or something to ask people . 
  that 's true , though the same holds for christians . 
  almost all christians today are `` bad '' at following their own religion since they cherry-pick what they like from the bible . 
  and thank god , no pun intended , as i 'd be dead otherwise . 
  among many other things , the bible states that the penalty for a child disagreeing with his/her parents is death by stoning . 
  i 'm swedish , and i know exactly how * br\u00e4nnboll * is played , can someone eli5 the differences between baseball and br\u00e4nnboll ? 
  we 'll simply have to wait and see what happens in the coming decades . 
  it 's an interesting subject , so i 'd be following it anyway . 
  in this instance , extremely likely . 
  this is psychology we 're talking about . 
  the field is built on our preconceptions , which inevitably are more coloured by cultural norms than we would like . 
  this is the reason that psychological diagnoses can change so much in such a short span of time . 
  people have n't changed , but our conceptions about what is sick and what is n't have . 
  and the fact of the matter is that if someone says `` paedophile '' everyone thinks of a man abusing children . 
  a related question then , do all paedophiles abuse children ? 
  of course not , having an urge and acting on it is not the same thing . 
  do we know how many of these `` silent '' paedophiles there are ? 
  no , not even close , the stigma around paedophilia is fucking * huge * , which means that those paedophiles who never do anything never come forward either . 
  so we know that the number of unrecorded cases is huge , the real figure is bound to be a lot larger than what we see . 
  now to women then , why do we see fewer * recorded * cases of female paedophiles ? 
  because it 's a feedback loop , society does n't think that women `` can '' be paedophiles , so a woman with those urges are even less likely than a man to come forward , and when no female paedophiles are reported it strengthens the tendency !, 
  and there 's even a chance that she is less likely than a man to act on it ( it has been shown that men are more likely than women to act on urges and impulses , in other scenarios ) . 
  understand , i 'm not making a prediction to say that there are just as many male and female paedophiles . 
  maybe there are , maybe there are n't , i do n't know and i * ca n't * know at this time . 
  i 'm only saying that there are a number of reasons that our data is shit , and so we should avoid drawing conclusions from it . 
   strict patient-doctor confidentiality rules mean the men can be assured they will not be reported to the police . 
  um , i should hope not . 
  for what crime would they be reported ? 
  it 's written like it is the very soul of generosity to * not * report law-abiding citizens to the police . 
  but that does n't say anything . 
  the books only takes into account how many men/women have been diagnosed with paedophilia ( at the time of their writing , no less ) . 
  and since we 're discussing the possibility that female paedophiles are being underdiagnosed , it does n't help at all to look at statistics of diagnostics . 
  it 's just circular logic . 
  it 's meant for like 16-18 year olds . 
  i 'll start a nation-wide campaign !, 
  better use kickstarter . 
  i know . 
  fair enough , you did colonise part of it !, 
  part of england i mean . 
  as in a part of britain , but it so happens to actually be located in england proper . 
  eeeh , yes . 
  though my main point was n't that we do n't * know * the difference , of course we do , but people are just careless about the difference in speech . 
  if we 'd all be * proper * we 'd have a special term for the uk , as opposed to great britain , and i 'm guessing you do n't have that in denmark either . 
  in swedish it would be f\u00f6renade kungariket , sounds horrible !, 
  do you say holland or the netherlands ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  oh , i hope you 're not under the impression that we do n't * know * . 
  of course everybody knows , we too have geography .
