  the [ `` oil fund '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_pension_fund_of_norway#the_government_pension_fund_global ) is a kind of pension fund , the largest in the world , and is currently worth about 7.75 trillion norwegian crowns . 
  that wikipedia article also mentions that the fund holds 2.33 % of all stocks in europe , making it europe 's largest stock owner . 
  i do n't know what the annual return is , but i think they 're going to have it good for a long time after the oil becomes irrelevant . 
  sure , and i think romania would be an even better example . 
  but i 'm not saying it was a good idea to have romania join the eu either ( at that time at least ) , i think it was premature , that 's what i meant about not singling turkey out . 
  of course it 's a grayscale where we have all countries on some gradient from good to bad candidate . 
  i think romania was a worse candidate than poland , and turkey would be worse still . 
  i think poland should be in , turkey should be out and romania is really standing with one foot on each side of the line . 
  with hindsight i think romania should have waited 10-15 years to join , but now that they 're in they are of course in -- might as well make the best of the situation . 
  but yes , who knows what the future will bring , i 'm optimistic enough to believe that at * some * point in the future democracy will have spread across the globe , though it 's unlikely to happen in my lifetime . 
  i think the problem is n't just one dictator , but rather a history of dictators and a very weak history of liberal democracy . 
  meaning that the whole culture/expectations in turkey would need to change a bit . 
  and this argument can be made for several other countries on eu 's eastern border , i 'm by no means singling out turkey !, 
  and of course , the future may eventually solve the problem : at one point in time , no nations in europe had a culture of democracy . 
  but as it stands right now turkey should n't be considered a candidate for joining , and that 's not just down to erdogan . 
  but of course i would like us to get along as well as possible with turkey , whether they are in or out of the eu . 
  thank you for clearing that up for us !, 
   but changing eu policy wo n't stop people from showing up at your border either . 
  depends on the policy change ? 
  the `` problem '' with eu from an anti-immigration standpoint , * if * it 's non-european immigrants they 're worried about , is that it 's enough that someone manages to immigrate into one eu country , then they have their choice of where to go . 
  the free movement . 
  but if eu policy simply changes to be more restrictive of who can enter through the external borders , with actual police to enforce it and rules that says no member country can have more lax immigration laws than the eu as a whole , that is n't a problem anymore . 
  yes it would cost a lot of money , but so does a refugee crisis , i 'm not sure which would cost more . 
  if it 's not non-europeans that worries the anti-immigration folks , if they 're worried about poles moving to england to take the working class ' jobs by asking for lower wages , then the eu is clearly not for them . 
  but i personally think that 's bad thinking , as having a trade union will strengthen the economy in countries like poland over time ( it already has made gigantic leaps ) so that this wo n't be an issue . 
  of course , we could do to be more stringent with who we allow to join ( i 'm thinking about romania which was in rather bad shape when it joined , and which was generously allowed to waive certain economic requirements before joining if i 'm not mistaken ) , and be more stringent about checking that countries follow the economic rules and do n't lie about how they 're doing ( think greece ) . 
  aah , of course . 
  i thought about this sub with an n at the end first , they can get pretty crazy too . 
  i did n't say russia picked `` sides , '' at least not in the sense you 're implying . 
  russia is n't interested in if the tax rate in , say , belgium ends up high or low , they do n't really care about sides of the political spectra in european countries in that way . 
  they do however care about pushing agendas in european countries , agendas that are pro-russian , or divisive , or both . 
  weakening the target country and/or strengthening russia 's influence in the target country . 
  they pick candidates that are destructive or counter-productive . 
  they are out to divide and conquer , just like you said , so they support candidates that champion hateful , divisive politics ( i.e. 
  those that single out certain groups as scapegoats in order to create internal enemies ) . 
  they also support the candidates that are n't serious or competent , the populists and the rabble-rousers , those that have a talent for making people swarm in angry mobs but * do n't * have any talent for actually governing . 
  so , populists , racists , and general idiots . 
  currently many of these use right-wing platforms ( or rather , they use certain language so they can claim to be on the political right , without knowing an ounce of political theory ) , so they 're just now giving ( parts of ) the right a bad name , but those things go in waves . 
  a few decades ago it was communists , anarchists and `` syndicalists '' ostensibly on the left instead , it varies and it will swing back . 
  geert wilders is n't on the right by the way , so there are exceptions . 
  the important thing is to see the difference between a real , competent politician and a demagogue , no matter what colours the latter claim . 
  i 'm politically to the right myself , and i 'm certainly not a nazi or racist , but neither am i stupid enough to vote for a populist who pits different parts of my own country against each other , and who could n't govern their way out of a paper bag . 
  i kinda like my country , and i 'd rather not help fuck it over like that . 
  sure . 
  it is whataboutist , though it 's also true . 
  what it is not , however , is a reason we should just sit and take it . 
  yes several western nations , the united states chief among them , have done similar things , but is justice for that somehow served by letting russia sow divisiveness in europe and interfere with our elections ? 
  of course not . 
  it would be like saying that since the english used longbows against the french , then scotsmen should n't defend themselves if they are attacked by a nation wielding bows and arrows . 
  bows and arrows were , in their time , an effective instrument of war . 
  today disinformation is a part of the arsenal modern nations wage conflict with , and we all need to acknowledge that and defend against it . 
   one has to hand it to the russians really , they 've figured out how to use freedom against those of us who worship freedom , turned what has been a strength for a long time into a weakness , and are waging a. ... well not a war , but a cultural conflict , which most people are n't even aware of . 
  exactly . 
  a free democracy is undoubtedly the best place to * live in * if you 're a citizen , especially in peacetime , but it 's not the most effective apparatus to wield against your enemies if you 're the leader . 
  in the west we have , for over fifty years , gradually turned away from war and envisioned a peaceful future where we prosper from trade instead of conquest , where we focus on infrastructure and education instead of military , and generally look forward . 
  our mistake was in assuming that everyone else would see it the same way , because living in peace is only possible when all your neighbours also pursue peace . 
  so now the russians use our lack of censorship against us by spreading lies everywhere , and they use our free elections against us by sabotaging them and pushing their own candidates . 
  we need to wake up and realise that putin is actively working against us and our way of life . 
  we need to be vigilant , we need intelligence agencies that can counter disinformation and cyber sabotage , and * above all else * we need to push hard to teach kids skills like source criticism , critical thinking , understanding evidence , and generally give them the tools to determine truth from lies already in school . 
  nah , if there 's no democracy the leader gets shot instead of ousted in an election . 
  and russia has just very recently began to feel the sanctions , putin will have harder to retain his grip on power in time . 
  fair enough !, 
  sure he 'll try to say it 's all our fault , and they might believe him initially , but their patience will run out quickly . 
  when a country 's economy takes a nose-dive everyone starts hating the country 's leader and he does n't get re-elected . 
  that 's just the way it is , it 's a law of nature , no matter how obvious it is that the economy tanked due to external forces . 
  just look at the financial crisis of 2008 , when it reached europe the popularity of governments fell across the continent , for a crisis that * everyone knew * was caused by mortgages in the us ? 
  after we 've seen provocations enough times to be tired of them the move on our part is called `` sanctions . '', 
  erdogan ( and putin and many others ) want to drive a hard rhetoric against us but at the same time they are dependent on our economy , our trade , our flights . 
  cut ties , decrease trade with turkey , limit travel to and from turkey to turn that monster of an airport their building into a giant waste of money , just like / u/angiemcd said above . 
  they 're calling us the enemy , why do n't they get a sense of what it feels like to actually be our enemy ? 
  this guy maps . 
  there 's no silver bullet , but not letting them play with the other kids anymore is a lot better than appeasement . 
  better keep your head down then . 
  good luck over there !, 
  it just looks pretty insane as it 's so huge . 
  in sweden there 's a place where [ you pick the ballot ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/swedish_election_ballots_2014.jpg ) you want , there are ballots from every party . 
  each ballot is quite small , as you see in the picture , i think they are size a6 ( 14.8 x 10.5 cm ) . 
  you pick the ballot from the party you wish to vote for , and if there 's a candidate list on the ballot you may check one of the names , then you put it in an envelope and put the envelope in the urn . 
  simple . 
  being a ( permanent ) resident somewhere means you live there . 
  you ca n't be in two places at once , you only have the one body . 
   if voting in national elections matters for him , he should maybe consider getting citizenship . 
  yes , i guess i agree with this part . 
  the only problem is that in some places it 's very hard to get citizenship . 
  you 're saying that if i was born in austria , then move to france and spend my life there , then the election in * austria * is going determine whether or not i can work outside of france or if i have to stay there ? 
  i have to disagree , on the other hand french politics would affect everything about my life , including whether it 's easy or hard to travel/work back and forth between different countries . 
  and you immediately lose the residency of your original country , so you still only get to vote in one place . 
  the place where you live , i.e. 
  the only place where the election affects you . 
  their family who still lives there can vote , they have just as many votes as everyone else : one each . 
  who should families who are related to someone living abroad effectively get more votes per person ? 
  the guys living abroad has n't got any stake in the election , they are n't influenced by it . 
  i assume it happens wherever there are more than , say , three or four parties and people try to foresee potential coalitions . 
  in sweden , on the right we have a party called * kristdemokraterna * ( christian democrats ) , who enjoy the support of a steady 2-2 .5 % of the population every day of the year unless it 's election day -- then they double to 4-5 % instead . 
  4 % is our limit for getting into parliament . 
  they get the extra votes from guys who 'd otherwise vote for other conservative parties , but they vote tactically instead so the party they really favour wo n't lose their coalition partner . 
  the coalitions of the left and right are similar in size , so the right ca n't afford having the 2-2 .5 % of voters that always vote for * kristdemokraterna * getting their votes thrown away if the party gets kicked out of parliament . 
  is n't a secretary of state the same thing as a foreign minister ? 
  they moonlight as prosecutors too ? 
  `` our '' donald is a pretty reasonable guy ,
