  i was under the impression that i talked with someone who knew what censorship is , but it 's clear that you do n't . 
  a publisher choosing to only publish certain things is not censoring . 
  it would be censorship if the government told the publisher that some things are illegal to publish . 
  the case with pippi longstocking is simply that new versions of old films have been made , the old ones are in no way illegal to show , sell or view . 
   are you saying that all the dark blue on the map is a result of exactly one referendum in each country with the ` same-sex marriage ' getting over 50 % of votes ? 
   are you also saying that a similar referendum has been carried out in each eu country on immigration rules and quotas ? 
  there have actually been referendums in many countries . 
  in others , such as sweden , no referendum was required since the public opinion rather was questioning what was taking so long . 
  in general , it 's not hard to get a feel for the public opinion , even without a referendum . 
  if a large part of the population had been against gay marriage , there would have been huge campaigns and demonstrations protesting . 
  we have n't seen such campaigns on any major scale . 
  if those hypothetical protests were loud enough , no government would dare pass the law . 
  if a majority of the population feels that gay marriage is an outrage , they 'd punish the government in the next election . 
  a little something called representative democracy . 
  regarding immigration , the eu have a joint immigration policy . 
  every eu member have joined the union after a referendum , agreeing to follow a cooperative course on matters such as immigration . 
  any country can leave the eu , via referendum , at any time . 
  the exact details of eu 's immigration policy , the numbers in the quotas and so on , are decided by representatives from each country . 
  that representative democracy thingie again . 
  if you do n't like what your representatives are saying , choose new ones ( or leave the union ) . 
   so you are equating usa with belarus ? 
  i 'm not a demagogue , there exists a * very * strong correlation between the death penalty and dictatorships , which is only natural seeing as how the death penalty is the ultimate robbery of citizens ' freedom by the state . 
  it 's not an attempt at guilt by association when both things compared are guilty . 
  with regards to usa , you are being dishonest when you imply that all of usa practice death penalty . 
  it 's legal in 31 out of 50 states , but it 's far from common in most of them . 
  i 'm not * equating * usa and belarus , usa is a democracy after all , but usa is definitely rather backwards in many ways ( particularly some states of it ) . 
   it works fine in singapore . 
  it does not . 
  tons of research have shown that it 's not a stronger deterrent of violent crime than prison time , so there 's no point . 
  it does , however , give the state the right to decide who lives and who dies . 
  as i said , it 's not an effective means of crime prevention -- but uneducated people sometimes think it is . 
  so what 's the point ? 
  the reason it is practiced in some countries is purely to take political points : an elected leader who wants to build an image of being tough on crime ( when in reality he 's being ineffective ) , or a dictator who wants build a similar hard-man image ( which most of them cultivate , to intimidate opposition ) . 
   about censorship . 
  a swede not aware of any censorship in sweden ??? 
  that is thick . 
  i do n't know if you 're trying to be edgy or something by implying that we 're all censored without knowing about it ? 
  that 's not how censorship works , in countries with censorship it 's rather obvious that some things simply ca n't be done ( such as publishing certain things , or reaching certain websites ) . 
  if you have an example of censorship being practiced in sweden today i would be very interested to know about it !, 
  not that a single example would help you prove your point , since we 're arguing about whether `` the west '' have more censorship today compared to the past ( and compared to `` the east '' ) . 
   about all those issues : only time will tell which of those individual solutions to culture war issues turn out to be stable solutions . 
  there might not even be stable solutions and the ( unstable ) society will continue to switch from one to another . 
  well . 
  i agree that we 'll see what the future holds , and see which countries fare best . 
  i also agree that no solution is stable , but it 's not very probable that we 'll bounce back and forth . 
  on the contrary , this is progress . 
  in the future we will have different , and even better , policies , but we wo n't go back to outdated ones . 
   in this case ? 
  the onset of dark blue on the map via the intermediate of light blue . 
  baby steps against the will of the citizens . 
  against the will of the citizens ? 
  the reason that most sane countries in europe has turned blue on that map is because * their citizens * agree that homosexuals are n't worth less than heterosexuals . 
   immigration sharing schemes . 
  well , it hardly seems fair that all migrants should stay where they first disembark , generally in greece or italy . 
  especially not since those countries do n't exactly have europe 's strongest finances . 
   death penalty . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware of this , but the only country in europe with the death penalty is belarus . 
  they also just so happen to be europe 's only dictatorship . 
  they have shit for press freedom and other civic rights , and are not western in any sense . 
  i 'm only calling them european because i 'm feeling generous today . 
  i ca n't imagine why you call the abolishment of the death penalty in europe a pyrrhic victory , since it has been thoroughly showed that the death penalty does n't work well . 
  but if you like dictatorships and executions , maybe you were just born a couple of centuries too late ? 
  fortunately for you , there are other continents than europe to live in , less progressive places !, 
  just to the south of us we have a large continent which is rife with dictators , warlords , summary executions and stoning of homosexuals . 
  no one 's forcing you to stay here . 
   censorship . 
  i was n't aware that we had a lot of censorship in `` the west . '', 
  i must have missed it . 
  such as ? 
  hence why it lends itself to partitioning . 
  what country is olanda ? 
  have you seen the prora in germany ? 
  [ one ] ( http://skane.fridenman.se/tyskland/prora/prora3.jpg ) , [ two ] ( http://stavbaweb.dumabyt.cz/files/files/20011_07/prora-kdf_2.jpg ) . 
  well , poland * is * central european , what else ? 
  i 've always considered them to be scandinavians < 3, 
  how did you ever find your way to the right door ? 
  though i agree that the colour is rather uplifting , all things considered . 
  if i had been voting for the left i might have thought you were talking to me . 
  do i look like i care ? 
  i 'm as swedish as they come , but with brown hair and dark eyes because my grandfather was spanish . 
  spaniards have darker colours than most europeans because of the moorish occupation . 
  okay , so what ? 
  what makes us european is our values , not our skin colour . 
  it 's also rather hilarious that you refer to europeans as one ethnic group when we are the most ethnically and culturally diverse continent on the planet . 
  it 's a sort-of huge difference . 
  it 's big compared to some things , smaller compared to others . 
  for instance , it 's 6.1 times more common to commit crimes for people who have ever lived on welfare , and 5.7 times more common for people who did n't finish * gymnasiet * ( year 10-12 of school , which is n't mandatory , students are aged 16-18 or so ) . 
  this means that socio-economic status still is the most important predictor for criminality . 
  migrants have very low socio-economic status , so do they commit crimes because of that or because they 're from another country ? 
  yes , they do record the exact nationalities somewhere ( since i saw the data about asians ) . 
  i 'm sure you can find it if you 're interested !, 
  one of the sources said that it was found in 1996 that rape was one of the crimes where the overrepresentation was larger ( a factor of 4.5 compared to a factor of 2.5 for all crimes ) . 
  obviously the type of crime matters , i assume that there are many crimes ( such as tax fraud ) where swedes are highly overrepresented . 
  0.22 % of migrants have been investigated on suspicion of rape , compared to 0.04 % of native swedes . 
   we could have better data if sweden recorded the ethnicity of the people involved in crime . 
  any idea why they do n't ? 
  thank you for taking this up !, 
  the truth is of course that the ethnicity of people suspected or convicted of crimes ** is recorded ** in sweden . 
  for some reason , the myth has started to spread that this is not the case , and it is an excellent example of the circlejerk i just mentioned . 
  so thanks for proving my point , well done .
