  what 's so awful about being tolerant/helpful towards people in tough situations ? 
  why am i a horrible person ? 
  i 'll admit that the data i 'm standing on has looked at the total number of converts , over all religions . 
  so yes , it 's possible that the act of conversion is almost always a clear marker for increased terrorism risk , while still lowering the risk in some cases . 
  especially if it 's in regards to a religion where the number of converts is small , it might get hidden in the data . 
  you do n't have to be swedish to accept that a male-to-female transsexual is in fact ( and have always been ! ), 
  a woman , trapped in a man 's body . 
  you just have to be a non-asshole . 
  does n't it demonstrate the entire point of the film ? 
  it 's not bullshit , because someone who converts is generally extremely passionate about their new-found stuff , compared to people born in a religion who are generally `` meh '' about it . 
  it 's that passion that is dangerous , if it 's channelled into something destructive . 
  this is a simple statistical correlation , a fact , it 's not an opinion you can agree or disagree with . 
  concerning jainists , you ca n't assume that every religious person will be a textbook example . 
  if you do , you 'll be in for a nasty surprise . 
  religious people are irrational by their very nature , which makes it less predictable than how it looks in your fantasy world . 
  you 're trying to use logic to describe this jainist , which is laughable . 
  within every religion , including jainism , it will be possible to find people claiming to be a follower when they really are n't representative at all . 
  as i said , some religions ( such as islam ) are more likely to produce terrorists than others , but conversion itself is also a risk factor , and an even bigger one . 
  this means that if we take any christian , any muslim , and a newly-converted christian ; the new convert is the one who is the highest risk , followed by the muslim , followed by the regular christian . 
  ah , got it !, 
  there 's a pretty huge difference : nato is a defensive alliance , while russia is an offensive bully who likes to take shit from their neighbours . 
  nato has not , and will not , be the ones to instigate a conflict . 
  so no , russia is in fact not threatened by a nato that comes closer to russia 's borders . 
  it will , however , prove an obstacle to russia 's hopes of just doing whatever they like with their neighbours , so i can understand that they 're annoyed . 
  it 's such a bore to have to live by the laws like everyone else . 
  yes , russia did invade ukraine . 
  and they invaded georgia in 2008 . 
  this is simply facts , you can find the information anywhere . 
   yes religions give power to those who control the followers . 
  but when a father slices his son 's throat because he became an atheist , that 's not a political agenda . 
  it 's the result of a fucked up belief . 
  i kind of agree with both of you . 
  maybe we can conclude that the problem is n't * just * a political agenda , it 's both agenda and belief . 
  so we can set them up for acquiring even more fundamentalist views ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if they ever get out we might be in deep shit . 
  read his comment again , repeat until you understand it . 
  he said that the action of conversion itself is the highest risk factor . 
  which religion is ** also ** a risk factor , though a smaller one . 
  so yes , a muslim is more likely than a jainist to be a terrorist ( it 's a risk factor ) , but the guys to look out for are mainly the recent converts . 
  the first movie is about a girl though . 
  what 's the word for swede ? 
  it 's a huge difference between throwing a diplomat out and taking them captive . 
  in the latter case there can ( will ) be interrogations . 
  that 's the real reason that countries do n't arrest each other 's diplomats , and why it 's considered an enormous * faux pas * to do it . 
  if it was accepted , it would just be too easy to get your hands on secrets . 
  the only defence would be to only send diplomats who do n't know anything important about foreign policy and strategy , but then they could n't negotiate very well and there 'd be no point . 
   a child aged three to four , whose body bore traces of a violent death traces such as ... missing a head ? 
  it 's not a zero-sum game , trade favours both parties . 
  meaning that a british exit will hurt both eu and the uk financially . 
  not true . 
  the eu has a huge interest in not making it look like anyone can leave the union and still keep all the perks . 
  if that 's the image given , then half the countries might leave , which would be the end for eu . 
  so , it 's in the union 's interest to punish the uk as hard as possible every step of the way . 
  it 's a simple question of survival for the union . 
  no one has said that there will be no business done except the sound of crickets . 
  there 'll be * less * business . 
  how much of your income do you give to beggars ? 
  not so much ? 
  fuck what people want , right ? 
  donating stuff for free to the uk seems strange when they voluntarily leaves . 
  has n't he repeatedly said that even if his side loses he wo n't step down ? 
  probably because he wants the vote to be about the issue only , and not whether one likes cameron , but the reason is n't important . 
  he 's still the guy who 's going to negotiate the new deal . 
  i guess this is one of those `` luck of the irish '' things again ... 
  i just find that highly irrational . 
  it 's not as if you can avoid crime . 
  it 's possible to lower crime levels , yes , but this is a very silly way of doing it . 
  more funds to crime prevention would still be vastly cheaper , and give better results in terms of personal safety ( because more police resources would * also * prevent crimes committed by non-immigrants ) . 
  locking hundreds of thousands of mostly innocent people up is as stupid an idea as stupid ideas come . 
  the only purpose it serves is to prevent you from having to look at someone with a different skin tone , which is probably your main goal even though that 's not how you 're phrasing it . 
   it costs us far more to lock them up than it does to have a smaller percent commit a crime  * it costs us far more to lock them up than it does to have a smaller percent commit a crime *  ** it costs us far more to lock them up than it does to have a smaller percent commit a crime **, 
  i think it 's very rare to own a single gun . 
  either you do n't own guns , which most people wo n't , or you got like four or five . 
  the vast majority of gun owners are hunters , or sometimes members of shooting clubs , depending on the country 's culture . 
  a hunter is often not content to own a single gun ; he can have a few different rifles for game of different size , and a shotgun . 
  i 'm basing these statistics on my father , who hunts every once in a while , but i think he 's fairly representative of a regular guy who has hunting for his hobby . 
  how is it politically correct to blame a rape on the victim ... ? 
  that 's the polar opposite of political correctness . 
  so who 's going to decide , if not england ? 
  the situation we have right now is that everyone who is n't from an english-speaking country simply follow their lead , i do n't find that elitist . 
  we have decided to use * their * language , if we all agree to use something else we can . 
  exactly !, 
  i 'll always refuse to accept `` sometiems '' as correct spelling , for instance . 
   would you say it 'd reasonable if england was the only one to decide what english is correct ? 
  yes , actually . 
  very reasonable . 
  which gives every other nation/individual that speaks english a choice : either comply or go their own way . 
  if the latter is chosen enough times , it will eventually result in different languages . 
  there 's already a difference between american and british english . 
  as an english-speaking swede , i would consider it very strange if a voting ballot showed up in the mail asking my opinion on some change in the english language . 
  and if we take the path of representative democracy , i 'd consider it equally strange if my government was asked . 
  yeah , that 's what i hear from jewish friends as well . 
  it 's terrible . 
  taking an oath ? 
  how in the fuck do you reach the conclusion that i 'm a shill ? 
  i 'd really like to see your arguments here . 
  a guy said that latvia is really nice compared to sweden and has a low crime rate . 
  another one answered with facts : that while latvia might be nice , it has in fact three times as many murders as sweden . 
  some idiot responded by citing one ( 1 ) case of murder in sweden , as if that somehow makes it impossible that the murder rate in latvia is three times higher , his statement was completely * non sequitur .
