  easier communications should make it less likely that they come now , today even poor people in africa can get news coverage and see that europe is n't all roses , and that refugees who come here do n't end up in some paradise . 
  fifteen years ago the situation was different , back then people only had rumours , which would make them much more likely to believe fairytales about a land of milk and honey . 
  travel and the fact that many can hope to stay permanently have n't changed either way , it was n't harder to get across the mediterranean in 2000 . 
  seeking asylum in europe being a chance to live here permanently is n't some `` message '' that has just now trickled down to africa , it has been true for a long , long time , and they do have internet there . 
  communications does n't have a one-decade delay . 
  it 's true that there are more africans and arabs in europe today , but it 's a bit far-fetched that the current * flood * of migrants is coming only on the idea that they can blend in . 
  i do n't think that 's a motivator proportional to the result . 
  his point whooshed straight over your head , did n't it . 
  i do n't know if you know how long a kilometre or a mile is , but there are a lot of them along the north african coast . 
  it 's cute how you do n't understand that the mediterranean is big , and it 's not enough to send a couple of boats from the coast guard . 
  if they are immigrants coming here with illusions that our society if going to give them whatever they want , why are they coming now ? 
  why do we see this surge now and not ten or fifteen years ago ? 
  europe was just as rich then . 
  is it a coincidence that they 're coming just as syria ( and parts of iraq ) is being destroyed by civil war and/or terrorist warleaders ? 
  this is n't an argument for or against taking more people in , you can have any opinion you like on that . 
  i 'm just pointing out how ridiculous you sound when you claim that they 're not refugees . 
  it 's not ? 
  i 'm pretty sure slovakia and slovenia is the same thing actually !, 
  freedom fries !, 
  they have n't though , as chopin himself pronounced his name like the french do . 
  his father was french , and chopin lived in france for a time . 
  it is not supported by scripture . 
  it is , as your links showed , supported by certain representatives of islam but we already knew that . 
   how did i assume that every muslim practices the same version of islam ? 
  that was n't even the topic . 
   the question was whether it is cultural or religious and the answer is definitely religious as it is supported by islamic scripture . 
  you made the assumption when you quoted some imams ' opinions and claimed that they speak for everyone . 
  it 's the same thing with genital mutilation in eastern africa . 
  they claim that it 's religiously mandated , and if you only listen to them you 'd think it is , but that 's not the case . 
  you 'd have to listen to everyone to get the full picture . 
   it is not a cultural vs religious debate but a liberal vs conservative view . 
  i think we mostly agree here , though i 'd say we have liberalism on one side vs. conservatism + religion + some backwards cultures on the other . 
   it is ridiclious that you left leaning white europeans always try blame something different for all the negative islamic aspects , even though you have no fucking clue about it . 
  i 'm not left-leaning , and i do think islam is filled with negative aspects . 
  but so are certain cultures . 
  there 's a big difference between muslims from some parts of the world , compared to other parts -- some can be integrated into european culture without too much problem , some can not . 
  to be honest , i do n't care much either way if these people behave like idiots due to their religion or their culture . 
  i 'm not defending one thing over the other . 
  but since you chewed that other guy out , and called him uneducated when you 're the one who 's wrong , i thought i 'd say something . 
  that does n't make me left-leaning . 
  the only stupid comment here is yours , since you assume that every muslim practices the same version of islam . 
  islam looks different in different places ( compare indonesia to the middle east , for instance ) . 
  finding an imam in some place that says `` you should do this '' does n't mean that imams everywhere else agree , and this is because they come from different cultures even though they share a religion . 
  so please , educate yourself before trying to teach others . 
  burqas are the same , in some muslim countries it 's very important that women are covered , in others it is n't . 
  about 190 ' 000-200 ' 000 sek per year ( $ 21 ' 000 - $ 22 ' 000 ) . 
  a year at harvard would cost about 325 ' 000 sek , as a comparison . 
   i do n't know if you 're being intentionally misleading or not . 
  how charitable of you !, 
  to be honest , i think we know that they 're intentionally misleading . 
  in these kinds of discussions , i like to remember that every single generation since the roman republic have claimed that `` it was better in the good old days '' and that `` it 's all going to hell . '', 
  and i 'd rather live today than 2000 years ago . 
  it 's definitely a thing , but it 's also a very small effect compared to the effect of the mother 's age . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paternal_age_effect ) :  advanced paternal age is associated with a higher risk for certain single-gene disorders caused by mutations of the fgfr2 , fgfr3 , and ret genes . 
  these conditions are apert syndrome , crouzon syndrome , pfeiffer syndrome , achondroplasia , thanatophoric dysplasia , multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 , and multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2b . 
  the most significant effect concerns achondroplasia ( a form of dwarfism ) , which occurs in about 1 in 1,875 children fathered by men over 50 , compared to 1 in 15,000 in the general population . 
  however , the risk for achondroplasia is still considered clinically negligible . 
  i ate shawarma today , it was good . 
  nope . 
  that 's just a myth . 
  it 's not true , and it never has been . 
  migrationsverket 's site is open to everyone ( you can have it in english too ) and they publish statistics on immigrants , including country of origin for everyone . 
  the idea that sweden does n't keep track of this is simply a lie , and the lie is believed with no proof because it fits with the narrative people want to hear . 
  and when the lie is told enough times , no one thinks to question it . 
  http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/about-the-migration-agency/facts-and-statistics-.html http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/about-the-migration-agency/country-of-origin-information-lifos.html also , you can go through the websites of individual municipalities to find exactly how many immigrants every municipality takes , and where they come from . 
  well , there 's statistics on what countries our immigrants come from ( [ source , our migration agency ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.39a9cd9514a346077211b0a/1422893141926/inkomna+ans\u00f6kningar+om+asyl+2014+-+applications+for+asylum+received+2014.pdf ) ) so i assume that helps with that . 
  pointing out that ** you do n't use sources ** is n't an * ad hominem * attack , it 's just a way to try to raise the debate to be about truth rather than something else . 
  you say that i use poor sources and you do too ? 
  that 's funny , because you have n't used a single source at all while i 've used sweden 's migration agency and wikipedia , pretty reputable stuff . 
  you still have no sources by the way . 
  ironically , you calling me a neo-marxist-whatever would be * ad hominem , * but you only implied it so we can leave that behind . 
  i said 80 ' 000 immigrants a year , but i was quick to point out that the majority of those * are not * arab . 
  you chose to ignore that important detail , which is n't surprising . 
  if you were actually interested in matters of immigration , you would know that the largest group of immigrants to sweden is swedes returning from living abroad . 
  the second largest group have traditionally been danes , but if i 'm not mistaken the syrians actually surpassed the danes in 2014 , so syrians and danes are about neck and neck and have been so for a while -- if we disregard the last three months of 2015 as an anomaly when double the amount of syrians came . 
  we can call that an anomaly , since the duration was only three months and `` only '' twice as many came ( and now the borders are closed ) , meaning that we are talking about roughly 25 ' 000 arabs if we include iraqis . 
  not enough to put a dent in the statistics . 
  so , on average we do n't receive 80 ' 000 arabs a year , it 's never been higher than 30 ' 000 before 2015 , and the special circumstances of oct-nov-dec of 2015 has been dealt with . 
  even if we take your absurd claims as the truth , where does that lead us ? 
   if you take 80k every year and native swedes are declining by 2k every year , thats rapid demographic changes . 
  if current trends continue , sweden will be majority arab/afghan/somali by 2031 . 
  that is not true , and it 's not very rapid demographic changes . 
  even if we took in 80 ' 000 arabs every year -- which i debunked above -- for fifteen years ( the number of years from 2016 to 2031 , if i 'm moving too fast for you ) that amounts to 1 ' 200 ' 000 , not enough by far to be a majority . 
  i mean , you have n't even looked at your own math here !, 
  do you just take up a calculator and wildly mash some buttons and call it a result ? 
  no , i know the answer to that question already , you 're just a troll who simply do n't care if you make sense or not . 
  i just found it pathetic that you could n't even be bothered to multiply a number by 15 to get * sensible * fake claims . 
  and since the * actual * number of arabs taken in is less than 30 ' 000 a normal year , we find that it would take at least 300 years to reach 9 million , the number required for them to reach 50 % of the population . 
   hey man , i am not interested in arguing facts , facts are facts wether you like them or not . 
  good , something we agree on . 
  facts are facts , and i just quoted real facts from real sources . 
  you spewed bullshit claims taken out of your ass , there 's a difference . 
   obviously this rapid change in demographics is not something you are ready to acknowledgr there is a rapid immigration , and there 's a change in demographics . 
  but the change is n't nearly as fast as you make it out to be , especially since we closed the borders . 
  the reason a rapid immigration does n't immediately lead to a rapid change in demographics is simply due to the fact that there are a * lot * of swedes , more than you realise . 
  i think you simply do n't understand how much a million is . 
   even if you would , i 'm sure you would think that its for the better . 
  i ca n't remember stating that in my post . 
   a million arabs in sweden i 'm not sure whether you 're hilarious or sad . 
  i hope you realise that would amount to more than 10 % of the population , which obviously is n't true .
