  the middle east is subject to less european culture since they were never colonised , but because europe ( and non-european states with european culture , like the us ) has been the dominant world powers for the last 500 years , our culture is the one that all others slowly defer to . 
  the process of liberalisation is seen in the middle east and africa as well , but they are of course lagging behind still more than south america . 
  one day they , too , will be liberal , tolerant and secular . 
  ( africa was indeed colonised , but less thoroughly than the new world , and more recently . 
  the african states are younger . 
  africa is also subject to influence from the middle east , and those are the factors which account for africa being behind the other european-colonised continents . ), 
  now you will note that nothing here has anything to do with a specific religion , these examples from europe and the new world are all predominatingly christian states , but they have varying degrees of secularisation !, 
  the reason has * nothing * to do with the religion being secularised , but it has everything to do with the culture shift . 
  i 'll restate what i said at the beginning of this long post : the religions and their holy books never change , it is the people who interpret them who changes , through a culture shift . 
  the middle east is less secular than most parts of the world , and this has nothing to do with islam . 
  islam is not fundamentally different than christianity , the difference lies in the fact that there 's a relatively large cultural gap between the middle east and ( northern ) europe . 
  one day that gap will be bridged . 
  answering some things you said directly , this first quote was concerning crazy minorities :  yes christianity does , but they seem to have accomplished a lot less compared to the islamic ones . 
  they accomplish less * today * because they are fewer * today * , this has n't always been so . 
   there are more terrorists doing things in the name of islam then there are of christians or you know , pretty much every other religion . 
  yes , right now , because the islamic world is lagging behind . 
   islam has different attributes to christianity . 
   it has changed less . 
  yes . 
  thanks !, 
   seriously though regardless of ones thoughts of christianity , islam is a whole different can of worms . 
  there are always going to be a minority that actually cling to the quran & consider some verses abrogated . 
  have you read the bible ? 
  it 's just as full of violence as the quran , some verses telling people to kill unbelievers ( jews in particular i think ) , and stone people to death . 
  both holy books are filled with crazy bullshit , the difference is that a larger percentage of the `` christian world '' are secularised today and do n't interpret the bible literally . 
  of course , as you say , most muslims do n't interpret all of the quran literally either , but a higher percentage of them do . 
  and concerning those minorities that will always remain , christianity has those sects too , quite a lot of them in fact , proving that if they 're kept small enough they do n't pose a real problem . 
  and you sound like a drunk . 
  disrespect is not important , but freedom is !, 
  i do n't wish for people to go around disrespecting each others ' opinions or religions , because that 's not very polite , but i think it 's important that they have the * ability * to do it . 
  a person has certain rights , but a religion or an idea is not alive , it 's not a person . 
  a religion can not feel pain , and so a religion does n't have the same rights as a human being has . 
  a person should be allowed to disagree with a religion , and even make fun of it , but a religion should not be allowed to oppress a person . 
  the best thing is if there 's no conflict of course , but if there is a conflict the human should win over the idea . 
  there was a famous french philosopher during the 1700s , voltaire , who said * `` i disagree with what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it '' * , which is a beautiful quote . 
  it captures the european view exactly . 
  it 's very important to us that every man is allowed to think what he wants , which means that every other man must be allowed to disagree !, 
  if it was illegal to ridicule other people 's opinions ( or religions ) , then that would mean that the government says `` you are allowed to have these thoughts and opinions , but not allowed to have those other thoughts we do n't like . '', 
  and we do n't like that at all . 
  oppression of the mind is the worst oppression of all . 
  so i hope you understand why we do what we do , and why it is important to us , and that we do n't do it to make anyone angry , 
  mostly right , but i do n't agree with `` hateful . '', 
  we do try to avoid hate . 
  and immigrants may have a hard time getting jobs , so many 2nd generation immigrants grow up in poor homes . 
  people who have it good are generally not ones to rebel . 
  i know what you 're saying . 
  i think `` a huge rise '' is an overstatement , but i know what you mean . 
  it 's a process , it 's two steps forward and one step back . 
  most of the examples we have today of places where it 's going the wrong way are due to terrorist organisations taking control , such as the talibans in afghanistan and pakistan , and isis as a more recent contender , and hamas in gaza . 
  the reason those groups could come to power is because they grew in * completely failed states * with no effective government . 
  in all the cases above we ourselves ( now i 'm painting with a broad brush , using `` we '' to refer to `` the west '' ) bear part of the responsibility , since `` we '' have been the ones destroying/undermining those states to begin with , leaving them to the terrorists . 
  it 's no use pointing fingers after the fact , but it shows what we must strive to avoid . 
  in any case , nations around the globe are slowly moving towards more stable governments , as a rule , and the number of wars have been steadily sinking for several decades , so such failed states will increasingly become the exceptions to the rule . 
  more stability means that the world moves in the right direction . 
  more alarming then is iran , a `` real '' stable country who moved the wrong way . 
  that 's very , very unfortunate ( and surprising ) of course , but it 's also only one country , an extremely rare example . 
  other countries , even very conservative and dictatorial such as saudi arabia , are slowly forced to become more liberal even if they are dictatorships . 
  then , when talking about islam it is important to remember not to focus too much on the middle east , which has always been very fertile soil for violence . 
  there are many reasons for this , not in the least that it sits on the border of the east and west blocs which competed during the cold war , and still competes to a lesser extent today . 
  the middle east was subject to a * lot * of destabilisation efforts from both sides during the cold war ( remember who helped the talibans to power , for instance ) . 
  but the majority of the muslims in the world do not live in the middle east , it 's easy to forget . 
  my last thought ; it 's too easy to get hung up on the bad news , because they are often the only news . 
  you do n't see huge headlines with ** `` morocco is a slightly more stable country than last year !, 
  '' ** because it 's boring , it 's not newsworthy , even though the world * on the whole * moves slowly in the right direction . 
  since sweden is pretty much one of the best at `` european values '' like progressivism and tolerance , i very much doubt that . 
  i agree , but maybe we wo n't have much of a choice . 
  if the middle east erupts in flame -- more than usual i mean -- there will probably come a time where it 's better to step in ( in some way , not necessarily through declaring war on anyone ) than just letting it rage on . 
  eu , un , nato , et c. usually works to suppress hotbeds of violence , nothing new there . 
  with that said , i think your extrapolation is a little bit flawed . 
  i did say `` 400 years ago '' , and that 's when the thirty years ' war started , but the important difference is that the thirty years ' war was not a force for tolerance . 
  on the contrary , it was the last great religious war to come from the conflict started with the reformation ( about a hundred years earlier ) . 
  and so it was really the successor to the crusades , and the other religious wars ( signs of intolerance ) . 
  the world today is different , the world as a whole are moving fast towards tolerance , even though not every nation keeps the exact same pace of course . 
  the muslim world are also moving fast towards tolerance , as an overall tendency . 
  too many , probably . 
  then again , every one is one too many . 
  i 'm not saying we should just sit back and not do our best to spread our progressive culture , i said that his prediction * `` it 's not going to happen * '' is false . 
  christianity was the same 400 years ago , and in a globalised world islam will change ( voluntarily and by force ) much , much faster than that . 
  it 's gon na be alright . 
  avoiding possible mob violence takes precedent so hard it 's not even on the same page . 
  principles are nice , but not when lives might be on the line . 
  avoiding education about the holocaust because it might be `` sensitive to muslims '' is something completely different . 
  we had a similar case in sweden very recently , a teacher argued with a muslim student who did n't want to accept the holocaust , and then the headmaster chewed the teacher out for it and said something like `` they have their facts just as we have ours '' and `` they have another history '' , which of course is completely wrong in a case where one side has proof . 
  the headmaster is getting a lot of shit in the media now of course . 
  but that 's not at all what happened here , if a policeman ( who knows he has n't got the backup he needs ) is afraid that he ca n't guarantee the safety of jewish supporters , then he is n't taking the flag down to protect muslim interests . 
  it 's two entirely different situations . 
  did they handle it badly ? 
  yes , but sometimes one has to take very quick decisions , i know for a fact that tensions in such crowds can flare up literally at a moments notice . 
  there 's no time to call in the cavalry , and there 's no time for second-guessing even though our hindsight is 20-20 . 
  maybe nothing would have happened , probably not , but it 's better to err on the side of caution . 
  mobs can be extremely nasty . 
  i have full sympathy for individual police officers who sometimes take less-than-perfect decisions because they 're spread too thin . 
  of course they should have banned every political marker and not just the jewish ones , that was n't handled very well , but at least they probably wo n't repeat it now . 
  next time i expect that there will be either a lot more police , so that they feel confident that they can guarantee citizens ' safety ( the best solution ) , or that all flags and such will be prohibited ( the acceptable solution ) . 
  that 's the latvian reputation in sweden as well , but it might have been mostly during the 80 's / 90 's ... 
  not really . 
  that article is grade a bullshit , there are no ghettos in sweden , and no areas where the police are afraid to go . 
  i 've lived in malm\u00f6 my entire life , and i 've ( sadly ) become used to media with an agenda who `` reports '' some new crazy stuff about widespread lawlessness , autonomous enclaves springing up or whatnot . 
  check your sources . 
  how did you know i 'm from malm\u00f6 ?
