  yes , eventually . 
  but i should make it clear that laws and pressure from society should be in accord to see these effects -- if you simply outlaw something and still have a huge culture glorifying it , it wo n't go away . 
  it would still be an acceptable norm . 
  torrent piracy is a good example . 
  so the war on drugs will be won one day , but it requires more than just the law . 
  and a law forbidding circumcision for non-medical reasons would n't work so well either if the public still supported circumcision . 
  motivation is relevant because we have a few important principles clashing here . 
  on the one hand , the right to tour own body , and the right to say no to any medical procedure you do n't want to be subjected to . 
  that 's the most important ethical principle in modern medicine . 
  but then , obviously , some people ca n't give consent , maybe because they 're unconscious at the time or because they are very young , or have dementia . 
  in that case , their consent can be overridden if there are serious medical reasons to do the procedure . 
  but in this case , we are talking about a surgical procedure -- an irreversible one at that -- done for no valid medical reason , only for cosmetic/ritual reasons . 
  note that we 're not talking about people with a defect foreskin who actually need the procedure , because that would be a valid medical reason and it would still be legal . 
  exactly . 
  it 's been shown that if laws change , behaviour tend change as well to conform . 
  there will always be a tiny , hard core of fundamentalists who ca n't accept it and put their religious text over the law , but the `` mainstream '' conform to the societal norms over time . 
  tough life . 
  religions have continually evolved over the centuries , they are n't static pillars of tradition even if they 'd like us to believe that . 
  there has always been an interplay between society and religion dictating what 's `` the cultural norm '' or acceptable . 
  we do n't stone criminals to death anymore , we no longer burn suspected witches , and it seems like we might finally extend the law forbidding the mutilation of someone 's body without their consent to circumcision as well . 
  in a tug-of-war between democratic laws and religion the law must always win , and so religion will have to change a little , again , like they have done so many times before . 
  jewish men can still get circumcised if they like , but they 'll make the decision themselves and not have it made for them when they 're too young to have an opinion . 
  delay keeps the union from knowing what to do , which keeps the future unknown . 
  the market is all about stability and predictable futures . 
  article 7 is variable in how it is applied , it can simply be used to limit the uk 's powers within eu , such as taking away their right to veto the budget . 
  it can be a lot more `` nuclear '' than that , but it does n't have to be . 
  like ripping off a band-aid , better to have it all done with in a single , quick rip . 
  great !, 
  free houses !, 
  that guy seems a bit crazy , most of us are nicer than him !, 
  and i like to think i make more sense . 
  haha , i did n't know that , that 's pretty funny !, 
  i was born in malm\u00f6 , sweden , and i 've had people honestly tell me that my neighbourhood was `` in flames '' at the time i lived there . 
  i was literally looking out the window , with everything perfectly nice and quiet , and i answered them that they did n't know what they were talking about . 
  they just kept repeating it , probably with the idea that if you keep repeating something it becomes the truth . 
  sadly , it looks like they 're right about that part . 
   is n't this about honoring the victims ? 
  with regard to the people who died needlessly , it should n't matter who killed them . 
  it matters to those of us who are alive . 
  obviously nothing matters to the dead . 
   furthermore , there are more than enough hate crimes which do n't get this kind of attention . 
  perhaps , but hate crimes do tend to get attention . 
  and i do n't personally think terrorism is worse than other crimes with hate as the sole motivation . 
   everybody should read bennett 's * the act itself * . 
  in and of itself , there is no morally relevant difference between killing and letting die . 
  first of all , you tried to completely dodge what i said here . 
  i pointed out that what you first claimed is that doctors failing to save * every patient * is committing a crime comparable to terrorism , and i disagree . 
  if a doctor has medicine enough for four patients , and he 's got five dying patients on his hands , it 's not a crime if one of them dies . 
  a tragedy , yes , but without any malicious intent from any thinking being . 
  further , the debate about passive vs. active actions is an old one , and as you probably know the vast majority of ethical philosophers do in fact hold the view that there 's a difference . 
  it 's not a coincidence that every legal system in the world makes a distinction . 
  okay , so this bennett fellow does n't agree , and that 's fine . 
  philosophers exist in order to argue with each other , and that is how new arguments and justifications are discovered , that 's fine ( and in academia , the only way to make a name for yourself is to go off the beaten path and do something unusual or radical , such as championing a minority view on some issue ) . 
  i 'm sure that bennett will convince some people with his book , as he seems to have convinced you , but i wo n't be one of them because i have heard it all before and i think it falls rather flat . 
  to me there 's an obvious difference between smith and jones , because if smith was removed from the room his cousin would live instead , but if jones were out of the picture his cousin would be just as dead . 
  so smith is a lot more culpable in his cousin 's death , and so their actions are n't morally comparable . 
  the part where jones * intends * to drown his cousin is a red herring , because he does n't do it -- if the child actually comes up and is pushed down again by jones it would transpose into smith 's situation and it would be another story . 
  with that said , even though smith in your story commits a greater crime , i have n't said that jones is without fault -- there 's such a thing as criminal negligence , and watching someone die without offering any help or calling 911 is in fact illegal , but it 's not as bad as murder . 
  but you started out talking about `` preventable '' diseases , which are preventable in individual cases but not preventable for every case simultaneously through lack of resources . 
  so , as i said we have the doctor with five patients and four doses of medicine , not a malicious thought in sight , and we have the guy executing people for isis . 
  the way you talked was like they deserve the same punishment , do they really ? 
  you do n't have to answer that , as the answer is obvious to anyone with a brain , so we 'll simply write off your first post as gross exaggeration . 
  we could also note that every day you 're not sending every last dollar you have to relieve starving families , you are allowing people to die . 
   precisely because resources are so precious , we should n't waste them for the kind of nonsense that comes about pursuant to terror hysteria . 
  i think we agree here , many of the responses to terrorism are quite irrational . 
  or rather , they are irrational from the viewpoint of avoiding terrorism , they are rational from the viewpoint of scaring voters into voting for the politician that can make himself look like the `` hardline '' candidate . 
  but that does n't mean that terrorism is n't one of the most horrible things we are exposed to , which was the underlying question here . 
   furthermore , western nations are ridiculously wasteful . 
  it seems hypocritical to say that there are n't enough resources around while we produce things like blow-up dolls , cinnamon flavored dental floss , or toy guns en masse . 
  however hypocritical it may sound , it is so nonetheless . 
  there are evidently not enough resources around to fix every problem , that 's a fact . 
  and whatever the causes -- however large or small role cinnamon dental floss may play in the lack of resources -- the fact is still there , and it 's one reason among many that causing a problem and failing to fix * every single problem * are in no way comparable . 
  i think it 's because terrorism is so pointless , it 's humans deciding to kill other humans just because they can and they feel like it , with hate as their motivation . 
  pure destructive motives , no sense in it . 
  while i wo n't condone criminals in any way , at least the mugger killing someone has some kind of reason , he needs money . 
  the drunk driver is of course also horrible , but since the driver does n't start the car with the motive to kill it 's less horrible . 
  preventing disease ( or problems due to lacking hygiene ) are even further from terrorism , as those are not negative acts but failure to provide positive acts . 
  that is , we humans can fix a lot of problems but we ca n't fix everything , and failure to fix one ( such as a preventable disease ) ca n't be compared to an act of terrorism . 
  resources are n't enough to fix every single problem , at least not yet . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i would have said the same just five years ago , but suddenly populism and far-righters ( and some far-lefters as well ) are on the rise across the continent , and the unity of europe is really taking a beating . 
  i hope i 'm just easily spooked and it 'll fizzle out into nothing . 
  exactly , which was direct consequences of the war , and how society could n't cope with the war . 
  in terms of `` how much destruction civilization could take '' the thirty years ' war still has everything else beat . 
  germany and bohemia as a whole lost about 30 % of their population , with large areas in germany losing up to 70 % of their population over the course of the war . 
  these numbers did n't return to their former figures until the 19th century , 200 years later . 
  they did . 
  it 's called emptying an entire gun into your face until it says `` click . '', 
  this is / r/europe , anyone who does n't think immigration is more important than any other issue -- and can be used to analyse any other issue -- has left months ago . 
  what 's a septugenarian ? 
  so because the us invaded some middle-eastern countries they might invade european countries as well , is that it ? 
  sorry , but no . 
  the me is a shithole and has always been a shithole , and this is in large part due to the fact that no one else cares about them . 
  no one in the rest of the world cares if two middle-eastern countries are at war ( except if this disturbs the agendas of the great powers of course !, 
  ) , no one cares that the relics of colonisation are still alive and well down there , influencing politics to this day . 
  of course it 's racist and crass , but it 's true . 
  european nations , on the other hand , matters . 
  even if they suddenly find tons of oil in lichtenstein , the americans ca n't swoop in to make a grab for it . 
  you do n't know what it looked like * before * editing !, 
  horrible , horrible america , coming here to invade and pillage our homes and rape our women .
