  they 'll probably declare war any day now , untrustworthy yankees !, 
  i think `` united states of europe '' is a bit inflammatory and scary . 
  they want to remain , without scaring away all the people who likes a decentralised `` loose '' eu . 
  painting the remain campaign as federalists is probably what the * other * side wants to do . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  the guy you 're talking quite right in saying that there are a tonne of variables , but they can in large part be circumvented or at least anticipated by using large enough populations . 
  some variables will always remain , such as the fact that estonia is n't china , and that 's why estonia can look at china 's experiments and be inspired , but they should still run similar experiments in their own municipalites to test it before implementing it nationally . 
  as he says , one should be careful to not read too much into the use of `` science '' when it comes to the social sciences , but it 's still better than every other method -- it 's just not going to give a result as clear-cut or as quickly as the hard sciences . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  i know a lot about fermentation , i make beer . 
  clearly they can and do have kids , so there 's nothing wrong or degenerated about their biology . 
  besides , if anything the state should encourage people to have fewer children , we do n't need more overpopulation than we already face . 
  maybe the problem is that marriage somehow affects taxes ... ? 
  sounds weird . 
  that makes too much sense to ever happen . 
  for a government coalition with milj\u00f6partiet in it , that 's big !, 
  and it 's a necessary first step anyway . 
  one can hope !, 
  and you have a uniquely sheltered geographic location which ca n't be compared to europe 's . 
  the only possible source of immigrants are from south of the us , and those guys stay in the us . 
  so what do you know ? 
  my main point is that borders needs to be open within europe , and that the outside border at least has to be selectively open towards countries such as the us , canada , australia , et c. i do n't know what it is about britain , but their colonies work . 
  national borders within europe can not work , especially since they would all be enforced differently , by different governments with different rules . 
  too much of a hassle for big companies , and they 'd move their headquarters elsewhere . 
  and the flow of science is more important than the flow of trade , and that flow is even more dependent on people being able to move where they like . 
  look at russia , a formerly strong country with a strong scientific tradition . 
  they are now going to complete shit , both when it comes to innovativeness and economy . 
  what was the last scientific breakthrough to come from russia ? 
  why are their economy going to hell ? 
  the fact that they 're going for isolationism have a lot to do with it . 
   it solves the problem for the country with the border well enough . 
  borders are n't a magic solution though , they come with a very heavy invisible price for the country setting them up . 
  they may fix the problems stemming from immigration , but they bring other ( and worse ) problems . 
  modern states run on trade to keep the economy going , when pre-modern states did this through warfare . 
  warfare do n't work so well anymore , which is good because it 's pretty destructive , but now we need to facilitate trade and the exchange of scientific ideas instead . 
  it 's a new world , it 's worked this way for less than a century and we still need to work out the details . 
  isolationalism and protectionalism do n't work in the long run , in the modern world . 
  hard borders are an ancient solution , designed for ancient times . 
  again , what makes it extra horrible is that this is perpetrated by people in a unique position of trust with regards to the child . 
  the main problem though is the systematic cover up . 
  this article summarises it : http://churchandstate.org.uk/what-we-do/expose-abuse-church/ the last pope was implicated : http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/what-pope-benedict-knew-about-abuse-in-the-catholic-church the current pope admitted that systematic cover ups have taken place and still takes place , for which i applaud him . 
  and yes , it has become a joke/meme , and i do n't think catholic priests are much more prone to being paedophiles than others . 
  but for every offender there have been many colleagues around who knew or suspected , who did nothing . 
  who did nothing for years and years . 
  and for this , they deserve every joke and piece of scorn they get . 
  i 'll simply refer you to [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4mrd6r/christian_fundamentalist_schools_in_the_uk_are/d3xxg5m ) , which already said what i 'm about to say better than me , for an explanation of why they * should n't * be taught creationism in religion lessons either . 
  thank you . 
  it wo n't be easy , but secularisation has made huge progress during the 20th century , and i feel we can afford to have some patience . 
  i only wrote my comment in order to point out that even if child marriage is allowed in the quran , it is n't allowed in most muslim countries , which is what you said . 
  and i do think you understand the connection between catholicism and paedophilia , as it 's a well-publicised one . 
  i can agree that it 's perhaps a bit strange that catholic priests raping kids in europe get more attention than child brides in africa , but there are many reasons for this . 
  priests are seen as `` the good guys '' by many , and they are persons that have positions of trust and power over small children . 
  and of course , this happens in europe where we are supposed to be more civilised . 
  now you actually made me interested in child marriages in christian countries , so i looked up some statistics . 
  if we look at the countries with the highest prevalence of child marriage , we find that 5 out of 20 of the worst offenders have state religions other than islam : india ( hinduism ) , dominican republic ( christianity ) , ethiopia ( christianity ) nepal ( hinduism ) , nicaragua ( christianity ) . 
  http://www.icrw.org/child-marriage-facts-and-figures what surprised me most is that neither afghanistan , pakistan or saudi arabia are in the top 20 , i was sure they would be . 
  anyway , most of the countries on the list are in the poorest parts of africa , and it 's clear that poverty and child marriage are more strongly connected that religion and child marriage , even if it 's more common in muslim countries . 
  ever heard of irish car bombs ? 
  the cocktails are named for a real thing !, 
  `` all over '' is an overstatement , as not every country with a muslim majority have sharia laws , but there are some examples yes . 
  okay !, 
  you do n't have \u00e5 , do you ? 
  it sounds like something i 'd spell \u00c5sk , 
  i wonder how this `` oosk '' friend of his actually spells her name !, 
   ate all of their salmiakki did you ... did you cause a national emergency or something ? 
  i think that they brought up the racism as proof that bullying was taking place . 
  what do i know ? 
   denmark  drinking and driving confirming all my preconceptions . 
  the interesting question is if it 's even a matter for the court , in belgium i mean ? 
  could the court try him for killing someone in another country six years ago , outside their jurisdiction ? 
  and of course , as you say , a confession with no proof is n't enough for a sentence . 
   microbiology is a very big field . 
  true . 
  i 'm sorry about that comment then , i guess we both made some assumptions about the other !, 
  haha , no , i do n't support peta in any way . 
  my information mainly comes from lectures by professors and doctors at my university ( i 'm in medical school ) . 
  trying to limit the spread of resistant bacteria is probably the greatest challenge in medicine of our time , it 's a fight spearheaded by the who . 
  misuse/overuse of antibiotics in the livestock industry is widely regarded as a main root of the problem . 
  your username implies that you have some interest in microbiology yourself , which makes me wonder how it 's possible that you do n't know this . 
  some sources to educate you on the subject :  the who identified food, 
  i was n't talking about humans , i was talking about the effect on the environment -- the microflora of bacteria and yeasts in the soil . 
  and it 's not `` some point in the past , '' animals bred for eating are pumped full of antibiotics until the day they die , in order to make do in cramped/dirty living conditions without getting too many infections . 
  it 's not a problem for the consumer when eating the meat , but it 's a problem in the sense that it helps the rise of resistant bacteria . 
  and damage to the ecosystem , if the meat processing plants do n't comply with pollution regulations . 
  but it 's only deutsch in deutsch ... 
  i 've always thought dacia is a beautiful name !, 
  go for it . 
  which is irrelevant since we were n't talking about low-dose nor short-term use . 
  and with that said , using antibiotics always have adverse effects to some degree -- which is why it only should be used when indicated . 
  true , i thought about that . 
  but it 's my understanding that the phenomenon you describe ( which is terrible for the environment ! ), 
  has more to do with the kind of nutrient . 
  i might be wrong . 
  i believe algae blooms are closely linked to phosphate spills , but not so much with other nutrients . 
  sewage is rich in phosphate , blood contains some but not a lot . 
  blood contains nutrients , that part is fine . 
  blood contains a lot of iron , which is okay for a while but if this becomes a regular thing it would mean too much iron in the soil/plants . 
  some animals and plants can be poisoned by too much iron , some do n't care ( it has to do with the fact that many organisms do n't have a mechanism to expel iron ) . 
  but the main problem is antibiotics , the animals to be slaughtered are shock-full of antibiotics , which is a very bad idea . 
  lots of antibiotics in the environment is going to influence the microflora of bacteria and yeasts a lot , which will have an influence of everything in the food chain since bacteria do the decomposition of dead matter into nutrients that plants then take up .
