  typical backstabbing danskj\u00e4vlar !, 
  yes exactly , i 'm not arguing that the us is not allied to eu/nato / `` the west '' where spain is a member . 
  of course they are . 
  i just pointed out that , in the context of the article , the line * `` uncharacteristic of a european ally '' * refers to spain from an american point of view . 
  if one only read the title of the original post , it could seem as though gibraltar and spain are allies and should be nice to each other , and this interpretation got ridiculed . 
  i guess people just do n't take a look at the whole link . 
  well , i guess that 's just another word for a lobby organisation , whatever . 
  i just wanted to point out that the article does not call gibraltar and spain allies , that sentence was taken out of context , and applied to usa-spain in context . 
  no taxation without representation !, 
  they need to throw some tea in their harbour , that 's how these things are worked out across the pond . 
   the american think tank the heritage foundation recently alerted the us congress of the need to defend gibraltar 's sovereignty from spain 's ` bullying ' . 
  it argues that spain regularly ignores the right to self-determination of gibraltar and considers this behaviour uncharacteristic of a european ally in the 21st century . 
  the us sees spain as one of their european allies . 
  how mature . 
  oh please . 
  [ sweden has the highest number of asylum-seekers ( adjusted for population ) in the oecd , by far . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/dec/02/sweden-oecds-highest-per-capita-asylum-seekers-syria ) somehow we seem to cope . 
  [ and numbers from 2008 show that 13.4 % of the population were born in another country . 
  ] ( http://focus-migration.hwwi.de/sweden.6245.0.html?&amp;l=1 ) of course , not all of those were asylum-seekers or non-europeans , not by a long shot , but it still says something . 
  i blame hollywood . 
  oh sure , those governments are probably highly functioning , not at all corrupt , and has every paper on copy archived away in neat places . 
  [ / sarcasm ] the local `` government '' may just as well be a warlord , a thug with a kalashnikov in his hand , whose interest in keeping documents properly filed is slim to none . 
  i think you 're either wearing some extremely rose-tinted glasses when you picture war zones in the third world , or you 're just deliberately spewing nonsense here because you hate foreigners . 
  i ca n't tell which , but i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and take the more generous view for now . 
  the germans do a lot of bureaucracy and everything needs to be * in ordnung * , i 'm seeing a pattern here ... 
  they are not only fleeing for their own safety , they also have to think about their families that are left behind . 
  in order to get `` tickets '' for the rest of the family , someone has to go first and get the money . 
  and in some of the worst places in the world `` the west '' is seen as heaven , more or less . 
  relatively speaking , that might be true , but when they get here they realise that the land does n't flow with milk and honey , and they do n't suddenly become millionaires . 
  but that is one of the reasons they do n't just go to some more stable country in africa . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's immigrants north of the alps as well , i 've even seen a few myself . 
  i 've always thought the word `` humanitarian '' sounds like it carries two meanings . 
  you know how a vegetarian is someone who only eats vegetables , something along those lines . 
  do british people in general mean `` drunk '' when they say `` pissed '' , is it only in the us it means `` angry ? '', 
   it 's pretty much all they talk about in that other sub which sub ? 
   language test , records , etc. 
  a test can be thrown pretty easily . 
  if you treat them like shit instead of real people , and they know they 'll be sent back , they wo n't have much incentive to cooperate with you . 
  and what records are you talking about ? 
  not everyone has papers , like i said . 
   if they had enough money to shell out 10k eur for a boat trip here , there 's probably some trace of them you can access , they 're not coming from mud huts from the middle of nowhere . 
  simply not true . 
  it is not a single dude who has gotten his hands on the money , the money comes from many sources . 
  several families ( and families in those countries can get big ) , even a whole village , might pitch in to send a guy to europe . 
  the idea , of course , is that the guy who comes to europe will arrive in heaven and become rich ( they do n't have internet and real news sources like we do , so they tend to have a skewed picture of reality ) and then send money back home . 
  some immigrants actually do make it and get a decent life of course , and the stories of them sending some money back home gets overblown -- both by good ol' rumours , and also intentionally by the smugglers who organise the boat rides !, 
  so they all scrounge up a little money here and a little there over the years , and borrow as much as they can too ( sometimes ending up in life-long debt ) , and then it all goes in a big basket to the people selling boat rides . 
  not so easy to trace where that money came from , is it ? 
  it 's pretty damn hard to identify oneself without papers . 
  that 's charming . 
  i 'm not sure sweden was in the `` peace '' business during stormaktstiden ... 
  today i learned our minister of defence is really pretentious , and has some strange ideas about the capabilities of our military . 
   sweden is a guarantor of peace and stability in northern europe okay people , just sit back and relax -- we got this !, 
  i am definitely unrestful . 
  the gain made by taking sweden is currently considered to be worth less than the cost of doing it . 
  those two costs will always stand in comparison to each other , and having a competent defence is simply raising the price tag of oneself . 
  we are lucky indeed that we currently are n't worth taking . 
  if we had found oil in the sea like the norwegians did , we would be learning russian in school by now . 
   you 're right , but we ca n't live our life in fear that war might break out with russia . 
  spending money on defence is not done in preparation for war , it is done in order to have peace . 
  the goal is not to be able to beat russia , a war between sweden and russia can only have one possible result , regardless of how much we spend on our military . 
  but , we can have a defence that is good enough , so the price tag for taking us will be so high that they wo n't be tempted to attack , it wo n't be worth it . 
  * si vis pacem , para bellum * ; if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  russia is a bully , and like every bully they prey on the weak . 
  the trick then is to look strong , they respect force and nothing else . 
   2 ) survive long enough for our allies to come help us if the worst thing would happen . 
  too bad we lack allies then . 
  we all know what eu and un are worth when push comes to shove : they have hard words and condemnations , and perhaps even a trade embargo thrown in if they ** really ** get riled up . 
  because the time for single nations operating in a vacuum is past , if there ever were such a time . 
  in the future nations will need to pull together and help each other put to carry more weight . 
  trade being the foremost example , a country with no import/export is nothing , and the eu definitely helps trading . 
  another example is of course foreign policy , a single nation complaining when russia takes a piece of ukraine can be ignored , a whole continent saying the same thing can not . 
  and now i 'm advocating * cooperating * on foreign policy , not transforming europe into a single state , just to make that clear again . 
  people are stronger in groups , which is why we have nations in the first place instead of just small tribes . 
  yeah , and eu becoming a single state or everyone leaving the union are the only two possibilities . 
  how does the world look through those black-and-white-goggles you 're wearing ? 
  in reality , no politician is arguing seriously for transforming the eu into a nation , the union does well by doing what it does best -- being an open market unhindered by protectionism , and being a platform for better cooperation between members . 
  painting eu-positives like something else is just building a cheap straw man to argue against . 
  very good , and if i may add to that , a leadership that has too much power makes a country very susceptible to corruption , which generally is a harder blow to the `` efficiency '' of a country than bureaucracy is . 
  hold the line !, 
  na-na-na-na , love is n't always on time !, 
  well said !, 
  wow , easy there . 
  good thing that we 'll only have to store it for about 200-300 years then . 
  the very latest generation of reactors can use what was recently just thrown away , and they use the high-energy isotopes in the `` waste . '', 
  which just so happens to be the isotopes with ridiculously long half-lives , the only isotopes left afterwards have short half-lives ( on the scale of 55-90 years ) . 
  thanks for noticing !, 
  but it is unfeasible . 
  as in completely , unthinkably unfeasible , and i had to point that out . 
  since he made the impression of being a short-sighted child with no grasp of the situation , i treated him as one . 
  and it 's not that easy . 
  that 's why i said you do n't seem to grasp the size of what you 're suggesting . 
  it has * nothing * to do with european countries not being allowed by north african countries , which is why your ridiculous cowboy-talk of nukes and bullets makes you look like a child pretending to be a grown-up . 
  it has everything to do with resources . 
  it 's easy for us to get permission from north african governments , they want to stay on our good side since we give them money . 
  in fact , eu already has an understanding with libya that would allow us to conduct these things in their waters , and spain have a deal with morocco , to name some examples . 
  if we had the resources , people and money to conduct the kind of operations you describe , we would do it . 
  there have in fact been a couple of joint operations attacking smugglers , and other operations to try to act as coast guard to stop people travelling illegally , operations where different european mediterranean powers have joined forces and been given help from african states as well . 
  the number of these operations have been limited , and they have been limited in duration and scope . 
  the reason : money .
