  here are some sources . 
  the first is a publication from br\u00c5 ( * brottf\u00f6rebyggande r\u00e5det * , roughly means * the council for preventing crime * and it 's a part of the police ) . 
  the second is an article in * advokatsamfundet 's * magazine ( the society for lawyers and attourneys ) . 
  the third is an article in aftonbladet , one of the largest national newspapers . 
  they 're all in swedish , but you can check the truth of my translations with google translate ( or just find a source in english , now that you know that you in fact had fallen for a myth ) . 
  they all reach the conclusion that migrants commit about 16 % of crimes , while representing 10 % of the population , so there 's an overrepresentation . 
  they also find that it varies between different ethnicities ( people from east asia does n't commit a lot of crimes , for instance ) , and that regardless of ethnicity the crime rate goes down the longer a person has lived in sweden . 
  children of migrants commit less crimes than their parents , which is notable since this is not the pattern seen in other countries . 
  this suggests that our integration policies work better than most countries ' . 
  finally , they found that ethnicity plays a smaller role than other factors , such as social status and gender ( men are suspected of crimes 3.5 times as often as women , and more migrants are men than women ) . 
  cheers !, 
  sshh , actual facts are a little too much to handle for the circlejerk here . 
  they prefer confirming their own worldview among themselves . 
  wow , i like how your male gaze suddenly makes geopolitics make sense . 
  i 'm sure that none of the racists on this subreddit are entitled shits at all . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  it 's also a problem , since their country is as flat as a pancake it does n't stop the winds from the atlantic :( one would think \u00d6resund would be a sheltered bay , but no ... 
   i just looove how you brought in the argument of `` but think of the pets , and if that fails to move you , think of the late nigh drunks ! '', 
   we definitely need to be more conscious about the rights of drunks that want cross the border at night through this field . 
  so i guess it would n't be okay if a child stumbles into the fence and gets cut up , but it 's okay if a drunk does ? 
  am i understanding you correctly ? 
  i agree with you . 
  i think razor-wire sends an unfortunate signal , that other types of fence would n't . 
  tolerance and politeness towards other human beings are n't in vogue on this sub though . 
  exactly , direct democracy is n't worse than having a national election every x years . 
  if anything , frequent democratic decisions should root out the idiots because they 're bound to lose interest sooner or later . 
  i thought you guys celebrated christmas on december 6th , \u015awi\u0119ty miko\u0142aj . 
  my fianc\u00e9e 's mother is polish , and from her we got the tradition of giving each other a book on dec 6th , but it might be a tradition particular to their family . 
  i always thought `` boxing day '' was the day before christmas ? 
  as in the day where you put all the presents into boxes ... 
  i 'd say that absolutely `` everybody '' celebrates christmas eve , new year 's eve and midsommer 's eve ( in that order of precedence ) . 
  then after that it depends . 
  may 1st is always counted as a sunday , and it 's heavily celebrated in some circles , with the workers ' march and so on . 
  then there 's valborg the night before , which is big in the sense that most towns arrange a big fire , but i think it was a more important celebration traditionally . 
  it 's still very big among university students , but less so in other places . 
  easter is very hit or miss . 
  in some families it 's a big deal , in other places it 's completely ignored . 
  most people do n't even know why we celebrate the national day . 
  half of the people think it 's because it 's the king 's birthday or something ( it is n't ) . 
  but the must is like the only reason i even remember easter . 
  easter is extremely ignored where i live . 
  it played right into my prejudices about russians as being crazy , fighting strangers in the streets !, 
  ooh , nice , that does make sense . 
  we do this in my family ( in sweden ) , but we do n't go out in public with our eggs picking fights ... 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i was n't aware that the whole financial crisis was masterminded by the ecb . 
  neither was i aware that i was trying to have a serious discussion with a complete nutjob , but i now see my error . 
  you might want to take a look at / r/conspiracy . 
  the role they played ? 
  you mean offering greece more money after they had thrown away what they had ? 
  neither the eu nor the ecb works through a top-down hierarchy . 
  thank you !, 
  the eu is an extremely decentralised organisation , so it 's not a fair comparison . 
  split in half for the past 60 years ? 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  okay , apology accepted !, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking , do you want to know how sweden 's stance on isis supporters have changed ? 
  like most other western countries sweden have determined that terrorism is the only major threat to us since the cold war ended , and that the `` homegrown '' variety is the most likely . 
  currently the largest threat comes from swedish citizens who have become radicalised at home , and then travel down to syria to fight and pick up skill sets and a willingness to kill , and then come back . 
  ever since isis started to become a big thing the government has tried with a number of parallell strategies to deal with this . 
  one is of course surveillance and monitoring , s\u00e4po ( our security agency ) was already monitoring people with suspected terrorist leanings and who they talk to , and these returning jihadists are of course terrorist suspects . 
  but it 's also a stated goal to try to avoid people getting radicalised in the first place , they are trying with a number of things to stop this from happening . 
  it 's very hard of course , and it 's probably too early yet to say if it 's had any effect . 
  i know there are hotlines in place , numbers that people can call if they want someone to talk to , if they 're afraid that someone close to them is getting radicalised . 
  there are similar hotlines for suicide , depression , domestic abuse and things like that . 
  there 's also cooperation between the state and imams in the mosques now , to try to get them to notice and talk to their `` troubled youths . '', 
  and then there 's the question of what to do with the returners , if there 's something that can be done preemptively even if s\u00e4po never finds that they 're guilty of plotting any crimes . 
  we have to remember that 1 ) many of those that have traveled down there to fight are very young , and 2 ) the most hardcore jihadists are generally still down there -- their fight is still going on after all . 
  some who return do that because they 've seen some shit and decided that maybe war was n't to great after all , and they might have ptsd and drug problems . 
  by checking their health it 's possible to catch these guys and maybe have them heal and turn out quite normal in the end , and that means another terrorist gone . 
  so there are such programs too , and i think it 's those that have been blown out of proportion when reported by some news stations . 
  make it sound like they 're treated as kings or something . 
  it may sound like we 're being awfully nice towards them , but it 's not in our best interest to have them live outside of society . 
  besides , every swedish citizen have the right to free healthcare anyway , so keeping tabs on these guys ' mental health and possibly treating them is n't really spending money on them , they had the right to that anyway . 
  would you be interested in a trade agreement with england ? 
  did i say that nothing erdogan does has anything to do with islam ? 
  i said that a fucking meme comparing erdogan to gollum , with a guy facing prison for insulting the president , has n't got jack shit to do with religion . 
   but i heard how sweden now gives preferential treatment to known terrorists returning from isis . 
  so i guess i should hold my tongue , since it seems you are something of the experts on the subject . 
  well , thanks for proving my point i guess . 
  the place i was born is instantly turned into some muslim conspiracy circle jerk . 
  great . 
  that was completely relevant to the discussion , right ? 
  and in the interest of the truth ( not that it matters on this sub ) , known terrorists returning to sweden is put on surveillance by the security police , that 's the `` preferential treatment '' they get . 
  though myths abound , since the magic word * islam * was whispered ... 
  welcome to / r/europe , where everything somehow is always the muslims ' fault . 
  okay , good point . 
   redesign the flag again , probably once the situation stabilizes . 
  well then . 
  no reason to ever memorise the iraqi flag !, 
  you 've just tried the wrong sausages then . 
  there are like a million kinds , it 's the land of the sausage . 
  it 's true that many of them , like wienerwurst , are like hot dogs ( or rather , hot dogs are like wienerwurst , since that 's the inspiration ) but there are any number of different types . 
  the german fresh sausages ( not pre-boiled ) , like the wei\u00dfwurst i recommended , are those i like best . 
  they do n't have much in common with hot dogs . 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  but i still do n't agree that good british food beats good german food . 
  well , if you compare well-made british dishes with awful german ones you 're bound to get the result you want . 
  try schweinshaxe with sauerkraut next time you 're in germany !, 
  or some of their good sausages , such as wei\u00dfwurst . 
  i 've had great food in britain as well -- tandoori chicken , tikka masala , vindaloo ...
