  and also be more likely to know and perhaps work with ( successful ) immigrants . 
  at the university where i studied ( lund , sweden ) there were a ton of exchange students and many , many foreign researchers and lecturers . 
  english was spoken very often in the halls , because in any given group there was a large chance that someone did n't know swedish . 
  i think it 's much the same in many universities , a university is the kind of place where collaboration over borders is highly valued . 
  `` the world portrayed good [ something , something ] speaking french . '', 
  there , that was n't so hard . 
  [ bi\u00e8re de garde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bi\u00e8re_de_garde ) is nice . 
  true . 
  but we should remember that even the oil giant exxon mobil tried to convince trump that he should stay with the paris agreement to fight climate change . 
  when you hear the truth about fossil fuels even from the oil companies , well ... 
  yeh , i liked it !, 
  that 's one cool name . 
  yes , he might not be serious . 
  or for our moose !, 
  germans come by the boatload to see a moose and/or to steal a moose traffic sign . 
  but why is iceland green ? 
  switzerland : we 're surrounded by air forces , we do n't need an air force ( outside of office hours ) . 
  cheaper . 
  we know you 're not happy , you live in finland . 
  metal , vodka and suicides , being happy does n't really fit !, 
  one of these is not like the others . 
  we 're not talking about what * should * be a symbol of islam . 
  we 're talking about the * picture * non-muslims have of islam , which is something completely different . 
  we in this thread know very well that it 's propaganda , that it 's unfair , and that it does n't describe all of islam . 
  that does n't matter , the public perception in many western countries is still that burqas are much more common than they really are . 
  if you ask someone in the west to `` describe a muslim '' he 's probably going to describe an arab man in a turban or something . 
  it does n't matter that indonesia is the country with the most muslims , he still wo n't think of an indonesian when he hears the word muslim . 
  few people will . 
  public perceptions are rooted deep , and reinforced every day through the media . 
  according to the aforementioned right wing people who do n't care about the details . 
  i 'm once again in that difficult spot where i ca n't tell if what i 'm hearing is sarcasm or not ... 
   the conspirators involved in american media right now are indeed getting desperate as described . 
  okay , if you say so . 
  i would n't know , because i 'm not american nor part of any media conspiracy . 
  i can just say that from the outside looking in , it looks like the trump administration is the craziest trainwreck i 've ever seen or heard of , so if i was trump 's enemy i 'd just sit back with some popcorn and watch it unfold . 
  maybe it 's not as bad as it looks , or maybe they 'll grow into the role , who knows . 
  i did n't know who he was , so to google i went . 
  the latest thing he 's posted on his blog is this : https://grrrgraphics.wordpress.com/2017/05/28/body-slammed/ wow . 
  just wow . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  every single fiber of my being is screaming that this is what sarcasm looks like , there 's no way in hell this guy can be sincere ( * `` trump 's european tour also showed that he was an alpha male . 
  his handshake crushed macron 's beta male hand . 
  but the horrible truth dawns on me , that it 's serious and people probably take it seriously . 
  are you under the impression that he only employs family ... ? 
  look at his picks for his cabinet : * mike pence - vice president * reince priebus - chief of staff * jeff sessions - attorney general * rick perry - secretary of energy * betsy devos - secretary of education * ben carson - secretary of housing and urban development * scott pruitt - head of environmental protection agency * jerry falwell , jr. - heading a `` task force to deregulate education '' note that those first three are * really * heavy posts , it 's hard to imagine higher posts except for trump 's own . 
  all of these people are extremely conservative christians , borderline fundamentalists ( and well across the border in the case of carson ) . 
  http://religionnews.com/2016/12/13/trumps-advisers-the-faith-factor/ http://www.christianheadlines.com/blog/8-trump-cabinet-members-and-their-christian-faith.html http://www.salon.com/2017/02/25/why-the-christian-right-is-rejoicing-under-trumps-presidency_partner/, 
  he never mentioned trump 's name . 
  look at the guys the president surrounded himself with and you 'll see what he meant . 
  i believe it 's actually pronounced with an n between e and t , at least that 's how my fianc\u00e9e 's polish mother pronounced it ... 
  because the whole point of the eu is to stamp out nationalism . 
  the eu is , more than anything else , a peace project designed to make sure that ww2 never happens again . 
  this is done by removing nationalism , removing nations ' abilities to go to war with one another , and blurring/weakening the national borders within europe . 
  in other words , making the germans and the french who live on different sides of a line on a map remember that they have a lot more in common -- being european -- than they have differences -- being german vs. french . 
  that 's the antithesis of nationalism . 
  also , eu is about free movement . 
  someone who wants tighter immigration control does n't like that . 
  and that 's why she and putin are friends , because russia wants the eu gone . 
  how is he to make any move at all towards his european neighbours if they all have each other 's backs ? 
  ca n't be done , the eu has to go first . 
  and by `` move '' i 'm not mainly talking about an invasion , even though eastern europe has their reasons to worry about that , i mean every kind of conflict . 
  whether it 's military matters , international diplomacy , sanctions , or even haggling over the price of russian gas imports , we stand to gain and russia stands to lose when we talk with one voice . 
  they know this all too well , and we should n't forget it and take it for granted . 
   being democratic does n't have anything to do with choosing between russia or the eu uhm , yes . 
  if you had said that being for or against eu does n't have anything to do with democracy i could have agreed with you , but if anyone prefers * russia * to the eu it 's clear that they do n't think democracy is something worth caring about . 
  that , or equine royal dynasties . 
  `` what the fucking fuck am i reading ? '', 
  oh yeah , i set the comments to sort by controversial previously tonight , so yours was the first thing i saw . 
  the government -- the prime minister and cabinet -- ca n't pass any laws at all of course , but that 's the same everywhere . 
  unless it 's a dictatorship and the leader rules by decrees . 
  the `` election in between '' a law is passed is for our constitution only , no change can be made to the constitution unless the exact same change is voted through parliament twice with an election in between as a safeguard . 
  the coalition thing is true * if * the largest party has failed to make a coalition , the speaker of the house wo n't begin by asking the second largest party to make an attempt , but they 'll get the chance if the largest fails . 
  i think this is the same in many european countries , it 's how it needs to be done in a parliament with many parties ( we have eight right now , 2014-2018 ) . 
  a possible difference may lie in whether the bloc that simply has the most mps wins , or if the bloc must be able to pass a vote of no confidence ( i.e. 
  that they 're not opposed by more than 50 % of the parliament ) . 
  well , all of them are bound to favour someone or other as well . 
   political forces i 'm sure that every fact favours at least one `` political force '' yes . 
  you do n't think sideburns would make him look like a [ pirate ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ba/75/c8/ba75c8239cc0d4d66e2250a366b2c5ba.jpg ) ? 
  what , are you crazy ? 
  it would be a brutal media storm if the king did all those things , at least here where i am , but i do n't think it 's so different in the rest of europe . 
  monarchs try to keep on the people 's good side , they are of course living well , but there 's a limit to what kind of displays they put on . 
  most of the money that goes towards the royal family is spent on taking care of all the castles that belong to them . 
  they use very few of these though ( three perhaps ? 
  ) , so they really own them in name only . 
  without a monarchy the state would own those castles , and as they 're valued cultural sites , museums , et c. the state would * still * have to spend just as much money keeping them renovated . 
  no problem !, 
  i was also a bit short with you . 
  that was n't what i meant , i was n't referring to some circlejerk here on reddit . 
  i meant * the people * , as in the electorate of your country . 
  you claim that the king costs more than he 's worth , but that 's not necessarily true . 
  a lot of people disagrees with that . 
  kings typically bring in money in the form of business opportunities for instance , and of course tourism . 
  i ca n't name any specific numbers for your own country of course , but i know that those who want to abolish the monarchy here in sweden has made the same claim , and have n't been able to successfully prove it . 
  in any case , since the majority of the people wants the monarchy to remain , it would in fact be more undemocratic to abolish the monarchy than have it remain !, 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  exactly . 
  he 's more the dark anti-hero type , like the punisher . 
  batman would typically just punch a guy out , carl xvi gustaf gives them a bullet to the base of the skull and that 's that . 
  no remorse , no fucks given . 
  he 's immune to prosecution for a reason .
