  so , when isis claims responsibility for this and says that they are behind this attack , they look like idiots because this was n't planned and it was n't a terrorist act . 
  if you know anything about christiania and the guys living there , you 'd know how ludicrous the claim is . 
  it 's a place where about 800 hippie danes ( many of which are middle-aged ) live and smoke weed , and they feel adventurous by cultivating this anarchist image . 
  but it 's just an image . 
  anyway , two police officers apparently went in to take a cannabis dealer into custody , completely routine non-dramatic stuff , when the dealer suddenly pulled a gun and tried to shoot himself free . 
  that 's all it is . 
  you , i like you !, 
   a house arrest would soon become known to social services and law enforcement . 
  is this a bad joke ? 
  or are you simply unaware ? 
  it has been reality for years at this point , women in the hardcore islamic households typically are n't allowed to go out . 
  so tell me , what is law enforcement doing ? 
  these women are n't physically restrained at home , they are told by their husbands that they should n't leave and then they obey . 
  that 's not even illegal , it 's just fucked up . 
   wtf . 
  do you think letting this practice grow and grow is the better alternative . 
  on the contrary , i 'd like a future without burqas , and that 's why i 'm against a ban . 
  maybe that 's too complicated for you to understand , but if you tell someone that they ca n't do what they want they 'll just keep doing it . 
  the only cure for religion is education , and education requires people to have some belief in the state -- if children in muslim families are brought up hearing that the oppressive western government hates them and wo n't even let them wear their own clothes , they 'll feel nothing but resentment . 
  they 'll reject anything western ( including the education ) , and they will widen the gap between muslims and the rest of society , and that is * how we lose . 
  * we win when they make the choice to be more western/liberal themselves , and that 's done through education . 
  for another example , look at how child marriages in africa are fought : through education , and it fails when the locals start seeing the white teachers/missionaries as the oppressors -- when they start to think in terms of us vs. them they start to reject anything we say , and that 's how we lose . 
  i 'm not a fan and * that 's * why i would n't ban it . 
  getting rid of oppressive religions is only possible through education , banning things as personal as clothes is only going to make them dig their heels in and feel like justified martyrs . 
  it 's counter-productive . 
  they have to choose not to wear a burqa , if someone else tells them that they ca n't it wo n't work . 
  sure , but it could always be better . 
   cause is hardline islam doctrine . 
  showing it is ok to stop following parts of the doctrine helps . 
  yes , that would help , and it 's best done through education . 
  it is shown again and again that the only cure for backwards religious beliefs and/or oppressive cultures is education . 
  forcing someone 's hand is counter-productive , it 'll only make them dig in their heels and feel like martyrs . 
  they 'll be less likely to listen to other things coming from `` the oppressive western regime '' that wo n't even let them wear their own clothes , which widens the gap between muslims and the rest of society . 
  it also makes them less likely to accept education from the state if they begin to see the state as an organisation that harasses them . 
  my goal is that europe ( and the world ) in the future will be without burqas , and indeed without any religious/cultural beliefs that infringe on people 's liberties . 
  in order to reach that goal , i absolutely * do n't * want to see a ban on burqas because it 's stupid and short-sighted , and will only make it so much harder to actually reach the goal . 
  read what he said again , until you understand it . 
  he did n't say that he is for the wearing of burkinis if those are illegal , he said * it does n't make sense to outlaw them in the first place . 
  lesser ? 
  what in the fuck ? 
  do you think life-long house arrest is better than wearing a burqa ? 
  i agree . 
  but we have pesky things like the public opinion . 
  the public in most countries is deathly afraid of nuclear power , it 's a hard slog to lobby for the research and building of new reactors , however awesome they are . 
  remember fukushima ? 
  it resulted in huge anti-nuclear demonstrations across germany , [ leading to a pledge by merkel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power_in_germany ) two months later to phase out nuclear power in germany . 
  that 's just one example . 
  some eu countries have long had a complete ban on new reactors , such as spain . 
  france and belgium are currently considering going the german route to move away from nuclear power . 
  it 's very , very easy to scare the public with nasty words they do n't really understand , such as `` radiation . '', 
  yes , both those things are true , and then there 's a third thing : it uses up the most long-lived isotopes , meaning that the waste that is finally thrown out is less radioactive than the nuclear waste we have produced so far , and it has a half-life measured in hundreds of years instead of hundreds of thousands of years . 
  suddenly we do n't need to design storage that needs to be kept safe for goddamned geological eras , it only has to be safe for 300 years or so which is much more feasible . 
   some random foreign shop in weird colors ah , warms my heart . 
  did you respond to the right comment ? 
  i never realised you were behind the iron curtain . 
  my condolences . 
  yeah . 
  of course we could go the `` united states '' route too if we wanted to , but most europeans do n't want that . 
  that 's not what it says . 
  it says that lasers that are so high-powered , or used in such a way , as to blind the sight of anyone are banned . 
  and that 's a fair rule , because how would you defend yourself against being crippled by that kind of laser weapon ? 
  then the text explicitly says that if you use binoculars , this rule does n't apply to you . 
  that 's also fair , because the smallest laser pointer on a keychain could blind anyone if they look at it through binoculars . 
  hell , you do n't even need a laser , many regular lights and lamps could possibly blind you through binoculars . 
  and , it 's avoidable , because you do n't have to look at the enemy with binoculars if they are using lasers as a deterrent . 
  since you have been told what the protocol means in several places in this thread , and still do n't understand it , i suggest that you refrain from using it as a source until you get it . 
  russia has broken many laws and customs of war in ukraine , but this is n't one of them . 
  the eu is not a country , it 's a cooperation between sovereign countries . 
  the whole point is that nobody is in charge , or not in charge * enough * to make those kinds of decisions at least . 
  is n't that last part a very flawed argument ? 
  it 's okay to treat black people bad as long as they 're treated badly everywhere else too ? 
  i do n't buy it . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's an acronym , but they do n't like it . 
  but they do n't like it . 
  daesh is a short form which they despise , apparently because it has other connotations . 
  they prefer the longer terms or simply `` the islamic state '' as they want to put focus on being a real ~ ~ boy ~ ~ country . 
  or radical islam . 
  i do n't think `` lone wolf '' is ever used in a calming fashion when discussing terrorism . 
  on the contrary , that 's the main problem . 
  if only groups of 10-20 well organised guys could commit terrorist acts we would n't have a problem , and our intelligence agencies would stand a good chance of finding them . 
  but take someone like the nice perpetrator , he had no known terrorist sympathies at all before the attack . 
  he was a nobody , did n't show up on anyone 's radar , radicalised alone online . 
  it 's impossible to defend yourself against people like him , though it * is * possible to defend yourself against larger attacks like the planned hit on jyllands-posten that was averted . 
  his username alone might be enough to draw fire in a lot of subs . 
  that particular neighbourhood might be best skipped even in the summer . 
  are you implying that people outside europe know what slovenia is or where to find it ? 
  austria is n't a very important country in europe today , but a lot of non-europeans have heard about some empire called austria-hungary , and maybe they know that you eat schnitzel . 
  slovenia is as forgettable as countries get . 
  it 's clearly a codeword for something , but i dare not ask what . 
  exactly , that 's my method as well . 
  * and i looked , and behold !, 
  a pale horse , and his name that sat on him was death , and hell followed with him . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the reference . 
  education will help the drug problem , it always does . 
  though i probably live in another country than you do , i live in a country where no one has declared any `` war on drugs , '' because it 's not needed . 
  yes , but in this case with 90 % of the population behind the law . 
  as i just wrote [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4slp8x/nine_out_of_ten_danes_would_ban_ritual/d5af8e1 ) , it works when the laws and public opinion are in accord . 
  that is , when the norm is well-defined , people conform to society 's * norms * , which is n't the same as the laws . 
  but laws help shape norms .
