  the sound of military boots oppressing you is the same whether they call themselves communists or fascists . 
  the right to call yourself something is also a right . 
  it 's not as if labels are without value . 
  it 's as much as 60 % ** on those last crowns of income ** that made you tip over into the 60 % category . 
  it 's not 60 % on your whole income . 
  as an example , if i have a salary of 60 ' 000/month i may pay something like 22 % tax on my first 35 ' 000 crowns/month , then 40 % on the 20 ' 000 crowns/month after that , and then 60 % tax on the last 5 ' 000 . 
  the result would be 7 ' 700 +8 ' 000 +3 ' 000 = 18 ' 700 in tax , which is 31.16 % of my income . 
  these numbers are made up , both for easier math and because i do n't have the exact figures ( and it varies from county to county anyway ) , but they 're not far from reality . 
  if fn is so hardline secular , what are their grounds for opposing same-sex marriage ? 
  really ? 
  i would n't have thought , but then i only hear about him when he says xenophobic things . 
  interesting how they are n't all living up to the `` hillbilly '' stereotype at least . 
  it 's a very difficult situation , which 99 % of redditors wo n't acknowledge since they have the solution themselves . 
  in general , one should respect the culture where they are , if nothing else then due to politeness and common decency . 
  if my leaders visited japan and were expected to sit on the floor by a low table , without chairs , then i very much hope that they would conform to these expectations and respect the culture , out of politeness . 
  at the same time i do n't like the thought of them being forced to do it by law . 
  voluntary but expected is okay , and then i think the right thing to do is to conform . 
  we must also realise that foreign leaders ca n't be thrown in jail for failing to comply , so for them it is indeed a choice no matter what the law says . 
  on the other hand , the principle of sovereignty is the most important one in international affairs , if we ca n't respect the laws in other countries then what 's the point in talking to them anyway ? 
  in that case we should just move in militarily and force them to behave as we like , if we are to dispense with sovereignty and openly declare our colonialist attitude that our way is superior . 
  so in almost any circumstance i think female european leaders visiting a country where islam is the main religion should cover their hair , not because they literally have to but in order to be polite . 
  in this particular instance it is special , as the problem is that the hijab is legally mandated for all female citizens , which we consider to be oppressive , so conforming to any other part of their culture is politeness but this part is politics . 
  further exacerbated by the feminist movement in iran which explicitly called on our leaders to make a statement ( which puts them in a bit of a bind ) . 
  all of these things have to be considered . 
  ultimately , when visiting most other muslim countries i think hijab is the right choice , but in this particular case i would have preferred it if they 'd taken the opportunity to make a statement by refusing , as a way to help the feminist movement in iran which we claim to support . 
  but it is not an easy or obvious decision , anyone saying that is either lying or ignorant . 
  thank you for the explanation !, 
  if i 'm not mistaken the netherlands have pretty right-leaning economic policies , especially from our swedish point of view , even though they are very liberal ( maybe even a bit left ? ), 
  in other issues such as this one . 
  the dutch i 've talked politics with , at least , are incredulous at swedish politics and calls us communists . 
  maybe i have just met very libertarian dutch folks , i do n't know . 
  i saw that magnificent green colour and thought * `` damn right , we rule !, 
  '' * ... and then i saw those sneaky , sneaky dutch !, 
  snatching the gold medal !, 
   there is no mention of cheese pizza in the podesta e-mails political discussions on whether or not cheese pizza is mentioned in e-mails . 
  so it has come to this . 
  sometimes i just stop and marvel at the absurdity of it all . 
  yep , that 's usually the way of it . 
  and as much as i love living in a democracy where our government is held accountable , there have to be some practical limits -- i do n't think we as the public have a right to know everything when that means they ca n't do their job , which is to protect us . 
  so pushing our `` rights '' in that case only hurts ourselves . 
  and the evidence should of course be released eventually , so if there 's any funny business anyone guilty could be put to trial and/or flawed systems could be revised . 
  25-30 years until records are released should work , or something like that . 
  and as for trials , evidence * is * shown to those that have a right to know such as certain politicians and officials , so if there 's any wrongdoing uncovered someone working for the intelligence agency can still be tried and convicted , without having the evidence brought forth in the trial be public , it 's as easy as that . 
  that 's not a crime . 
  no one is saying that trump had anything to do with it , or `` masterminded it '' or something , i 'm sure he knew nothing of it . 
  it 's ridiculous to assume that he has the power to control another country 's espionage resources !, 
  there 's no point in trying to impeach trump for something like this , the * point * is that russia is flexing its muscles in the world trying to find new ways to gain more power . 
  the soviet union lost the cold war and for some time it was kind of assumed that free democracies are indeed the superior form of government for the future and so on , but now with the internet and instant communication the russians have figured out that free democracies have a big drawback they can exploit : the people 's minds are susceptible to attack , even when the country 's military is not . 
  the point is that it 's completely unacceptable that foreign powers , whether that 's russia or whoever , have a say in who governs a `` free '' country , because that 's a hard blow to that country 's freedom . 
  no country should be able to influence who ends up leading another , that 's a very dangerous road and contrary to our whole notion of sovereignty . 
  what russia is currently up to is hostile action , nothing less , and we ( i.e. 
  western countries ) all need to be aware of it so that we can defend against it . 
  for what crime ... ? 
  for trump the evidence is still classified , as it is in the hands of the intelligence agencies and they do n't like to disclose the exact details of how they got them ( because that may mean they ca n't use the same route/informer/weakness again , so it interferes with their ability to do their job ) . 
  disclosing the specific evidence to the public generally means that the details on how they got the evidence can be inferred . 
  but there is enough hard evidence for the us intelligence agencies to be certain , not just * `` we think this happened '' * but really certain , certain enough to levy a very serious accusation against a very powerful global player . 
  that 's not done on a fucking whim . 
  the evidence is not just in the intelligence bureaus ' heads either , it has of course been shown to the politicians and officials that have clearance and need to know , it just has n't been shown to the public for the reasons i stated . 
  the british intelligence service also found evidence for russian interference in the us election , so there are more than one independent source . 
   there are some old videos , interviews or just recordings of polish hooligans and sadly they 're definitely not very intellectual . 
  i get this strange picture of a hooligan , the odd one out , with a thin moustache and a beret trying to get his mates to listen to him recite shakespeare . 
  i do n't know , they do n't speak . 
  checking swedish wikipedia 's article on * f\u00e5ngarna p\u00e5 fortet * i just learned that they do n't speak because they do n't speak swedish , being french . 
  so it 's probably the same guys . 
  can not unsee . 
  with tigers !, 
  almost certainly . 
  the name means `` the prisoners in the fort '' and the game is for the teams to collect keys from various rooms with challenges in them . 
  damn i loved that show when i was a kid , it had that cool indiana jones adventure vibe !, 
  yes indeed !, 
  that got weird in translating from what i was thinking into english . 
  of course i meant stocks/shares of the company . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that article 50 is n't triggered , all kinds of mps has said that they 'll vote as their respective party expects , they 'll vote `` according to the public '' ( meaning the referendum ) , et c. et c . in other words , there 'll be enough votes in parliament to trigger it , so this changes nothing in practice . 
  in theory it 's important as prime minister may did n't want to take any chances , so she tried to go around parliament with this even though it 's pretty obvious that they should have a say . 
  the reason , as the redditor above you implied , is that it 's the parliament and not the prime minister that rules the country . 
  the power comes from parliament , because it comes from the people . 
  it 's like running a company , the ceo ( chief executive officer ) is often supposed to be the one ruling a company by folks who do n't know how it works . 
  but the ceo , or the prime minister , is only boss of the * executive * which means that they decide on day-to-day things to make everything run forward as it should . 
  they still report to a higher authority , a board of directors in the case of the ceo and parliament in the case of the pm . 
  both can be sacked by a vote from this higher authority , if they do n't do their work properly . 
  a board of directors is made up of people representing various ~ ~ market ~ ~ * stock * shares ( see note on shares below ) , and parliament is made of up people representing the public . 
  note : it is shares that confuses people sometimes when it comes to the power of ceos in some companies . 
  all companies were founded at some point , and it 's not unusual for the founder ( or family/descendants of the founder ) to keep 51 % of the share in their own hands . 
  this effectively means that the board of directors is a bit of a formality . 
  in such cases , the ceo is often ( though not always ) chosen from within the family , or perhaps it 's the founder himself . 
  this ceo is going to have a hell of a lot of juice , because he actually has two pieces of power at the same time : he 's got all the executive powers of the ceo , but he 's * also * got the power to stay ceo for as long as he likes . 
  some companies work this way , and hence the confusion , but in most cases a ceo ( or prime minister ) is n't the boss , they still report to a `` boss '' of their own . 
  / u/general _ cowbell was first , but i 'm wondering the same thing . 
  is there no one that returns to hungary after living and working abroad ? 
  i mean , the upside with a shitty low-wage economy is that ... it 's a shitty low-wage economy . 
  if you can just make some money ( abroad , clearly ) you get more bang for your buck if you move back , and then you could build a pretty big house . 
  get your family set for life . 
  soviet reunion . 
  what ? 
  meta as in something only redditors of / r/europe would get ? 
  any european or american that went to high school has heard the word `` anschluss , '' as ww2 is the single largest part of history class in most countries . 
  i 've seen `` ausschluss '' used as a term for a german exit in my regular newspaper . 
  great joke , i hear you 're not a local . 
   i doubt that the same people that were there 1600 years ago , were already on the decline and were destroyed by hordes of invading barbarians that settled the land survived in high enough number to not be `` genetically drowned out '' . 
  this is n't true at all .
