i see . 
  i thought it was something of actual importance , like the corruption thing in romania a few weeks ago . 
  what are they protesting against this time ? 
  how do you measure this kind of stuff ? 
  i think '' . de '' is for deutschland , not denmark, 
  huh , i would have guessed the uk - small kukes thing was about penis size . 
  ah , yes . 
  the famous ulrich von liechtenstein ... who comes from gelderland . 
  i never understood that part of a knights tale, 
  perhaps you are right . 
  but it would still be good to have an answer to the question . 
  if an answer can be found at all , that is . 
  can these people still vote after they 're taken in , or is this how they make sure there will be as few no votes as possible ? 
  i 'm not familiar with this section of history . 
  what kind of friendship are we talking about here ? 
  a bit off topic , perhaps . 
  but what 's the general consensus on the nature of the coup ? 
  was it an honest but flawed attempt to overthrow him and switch government , or was it a false flag action intended to bring erdogan more power like a reichstag burning ? 
  this is assuming , of course , that a general consensus even exists in the first place . 
  does this apply to , for example , cases in the medical profession that requires naked arms for hygiene , but muslims require to cover their arms for religious/cultural reasons , so they either get fired and then sue for discrimination , or they 're allowed plastic disposable sleeves ? 
  tl : dr does this ruling mean they can enforce bare arms now or is it just the veil and other religious symbols ? 
  so , this is how the next big war starts , right ? 
  what 's the deal with oranges ? 
  i do n't get the joke . 
  what 's the deal with the joke about oranges ? 
  fuck , they really did that ? 
  and here the worst stuff ( i can think of right now ) is that the medical equipment sellers sold the hospitals too expensive socks . 
  i thought this was gon na be relatively over and done with when they pulled back the `` corruption is okay '' laws . 
  what am i missing here ? 
   should be expelled from the country . 
  yeah , right . 
  i 'll belive that when i see them get on the plane . 
  [ do n't forget that 3/4 people sentenced to expulsion get released in sweden ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/domda-till-utvisning-slapps-fria-i-sverige-1 ), 
  what 's the filmmaker etiquette on making a biography while the subject is still alive ? 
  is that a normal thing ? 
  is n't that the city in the aiel waste , in the wheel of time books ? 
  once at a bar , i met an american girl who spoke almost perfect swedish . 
  i rememebr my fist comment was something like : `` hm , that accent ... are you norwegian , maybe ? '', 
  then , as the conversation went on , even that accent was n't noticable anymore . 
  when do the brits use \u00eb , \u00ef and \u00f6 ? 
  the articles clearly state that it 's most likely connected with an arrest that was made just before it started . 
  edit : remember how the brussel bombing started right after someone got arrested in molenbeek, 
  i really like the car waiting space . 
  i hate when i have to stop in the middle of a roundabout to wait for someone to cross the road . 
  economics is but one factor . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't recall there being so many sexual assaults in bath houses before this immigration surge . 
  or violent anti-police sentiments . 
  or car burnings . 
  or beggars on the streets . 
  how do you mean ? 
  sure , immigration probably is n't gon na break the country . 
  but we are in a much worse position today because of it than we were before the human wave the past few years . 
  well , it stands to reason that when crime goes up , and then extra police presence is added , that these kind of criminals try to resist this by force , and a heavy `` fuck da police '' attitude develops . 
  how and why it extended to firemen and ambulance personnel , i do not know . 
  where the hell did they get that from ? 
  you 'll have to excuse me for only providing articles in swedish : [ firetruck attacked with 5-kilo stone ] ( https://www.svd.se/brandbil-attackerad-i-goteborg ) [ ambulance personnle attacked while helping assaulted man ] ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/2016-08-30/polisen-larmad-till-misshandel ) [ attacks against emergency personnel increasing ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/attacker-mot-blaljus-personal-okar-i-landet/ ) [ parking guards no longer go to tensta after threats ] ( http://www.dn.se/sthlm/p-vakterna-far-inte-arbeta-i-tensta-efter-hot/ ) and there 's plenty mo the areas are shitholes , with shithole people of exactly the kind of background and nationalities that you 'd expect . 
  but the reason i object against the term `` no-go zone '' is that once it 's used , you 'll get the people who say `` i 've lived her for x amount of years , and i 'm fine , everything 's fine , no problems at all . '', 
  and they say that cause they 're the kind of people who ignore those kind of articles , because it did n't effect them personally , because they 're civilians and it 's the emergency personnel that take the brunt of it , that they never see up close . 
  and then the discussion just turns into pointless phrasing differences rather than actually dealing with the issue at hand . 
  hell , that 's exactly what happened with the article this topic is all about . 
  and there 's plenty more articles of similar subjects , but this post is long enough already, 
  the term `` no-go zone '' is stupid to begin with . 
  it implies that no one but the criminals can be there . 
  it 's more likely that civilians are relatively fine , and agression is mostly towards the police ( of course , that is still a bad thing and should be dealt with . ), 
  i 'm not sure where that term came from . 
  call it what it is : `` zone of little state control '' `` zone where firemen need police escort to put out burning cars '' `` police not welcome-zones '', 
   because many hollywood movies are showing katanas that are destroying other blades . 
  maybe it 's cause i have n't seen the right movies , but while i have heard of this , i have never actually seen a scenes depicting it . 
  but he said there were people in the cars . 
  surely that 's more than just destruction of property ? 
   police thwarted the plans by arresting the girl on jan. 13 , 2016 . that took a bloody long time , then . 
  why did they wait until now to charge her with the crime ? 
  does that mean they 're even now , after the downed russian jet in 2015 ? 
  my amateur guess on this is that since he wanted to get in the louvre , with cans of spraypaint in his bag , his main objective was to try and destroy the paintings . 
  maybe he had a `` destroy mona lisa = first step in destroying western civilisation '' sort of thinking . 
  but then when he was n't let in with the cans , he got aggresive . 
  i do n't buy the idea that the whole thing was a suicide by cop thing just yet . 
  this makes me happy for you . 
  ( considering the circumstances ) i do n't know how many protests i 've seen recently that just turned into full on riots , looting and destruction , and that just makes the protestors look bad . 
  by `` seen '' i of course mean : `` read about '', 
  to what degree is it on the peaceful protest to fullblown riot scale ? 
  it looks like a fucking [ mumin ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-5rqxk3zwxgw/uvzpfmii8pi/aaaaaaaaana/azdmn1oeqdc/s1600/muminbild.jpg ), 
   also a `` beard club '' that someone called the police on , thinking that obviously a group of bearded men had to be radical muslims . 
  to be fair , the flag they used did look pretty similar , at a quick glance, 
  this is swedish governmental ministers we 're talking about here . 
  do you really think any one of them would be clever enough to think of something like that ? 
  something about letting foreign it workers have complete access to various databases , including police and military personnel records . 
  it 's also highly possible that i told the joke completely wrong, 
  from \u00d6sterg\u00f6tland , i say it too sometimes , though admittedly , very very rarely . 
  there is a crappy joke relating to this the best way to kill a norrl\u00e4nning : wait for him to start eating , and then ask him if it 's good . 
  alternatively , wait for dust to settle under the bed , ask him to check underneath , and then ask if it 's dusty . 
  just so everyone is on the same page . 
  this most likely , is a historical myth . 
  apparently , the chinese think that sweden is part of the aiel waste, 
   oh , we also have a saying around here : `` hacerse el sueco '' ( pretend to be swedish ) when someone is intentionally pretending to not understand or notice something . 
  i 'm curious about what this saying spawned from . 
  is this some old stereotype ? 
  absolutely terrible . 
  but i 'm interested in how the leaders are responding to it . 
  are they saying the same stuff they were saying in all the other ones ?
