  trust me , i know the region well , i visit it frequently and have loads of friends from the former yugoslav republics . 
  edit : if you want to see a small , ugly city , devastated by bombing and rebuilt cheaply visit hull . 
  it 's about the same size . 
  i 've been all over the balkans . 
  i 've been bought coffee by serbian special forces in novi sad ( and went back for exit festival too ) , someone tried to start a fight with me because my friend was ( stupidly ) wearing a croatian football shirt in a restaurant in belgrade , i 've stayed with cigarette smugglers in montenegro ( the parents of friends rich enough to afford to send their two children to boarding school and lse ) , back-packed in hostels all over croatia and at the end of my trip i was beaten up by a policeman in budapest because i arrived at 4 in the morning , was freezing cold and looked like a tramp . 
  i would recommend that you visit all those countries . 
  i love them indiscriminately ( although probably prefer the croatian coast the most ) and go back regularly . 
  i will give you one piece of advice if you are traveling in that part of the world : do not visit sarajevo unless you have a very very good reason for doing so . 
  i completely agree with your parents . 
  it is fucking ugly , has an aura of menace about it , is bloody dangerous and still looks like it 's under siege . 
  what ? 
  spain , france and italy are circulating german euros around . 
  as if the germans believe the $ 10bn or so they 've saved is worth the $ 400bn in liabilities they have incurred by lending to financially unstable countries . 
  i think the uk is better than somalia . 
  is that moronic ? 
  yeah , out of interest i checked his profile . 
  the moron is now spouting some inane drivel on / r/politics . 
  has n't got a clue , does n't want his beliefs challenged . 
  hey guys , let 's put all our money in bp . 
  pretty stable , regular dividend , what could go wrong ? 
  haha , i like that alot . 
  actually , investment funds like neptune take a long term view based on macro-economic factors that affect certain sectors . 
  pension funds , owing to the amount of money they manage , will invariably take a long term view too . 
  the nice kind where nice people invest nice money into nice companies . 
  those companies will then grow at a steady 3 % a year whilst paying a dividend . 
   the real economy could be protected by ensuring the tax is levied only on secondary financial products , thus not affecting transactions such as salary payments , corporate and household loans . 
  good luck with that . 
  well if the tax was say 0.2 % and it doubled then you would n't expect stocks to fall by 50 % . 
  you 'd seen a more appropriate response in the markets . 
  i 'd like some proof that london is the ` most corrupt financial centre in the world ' from you . 
  i mean just compare the international reputations of london and geneva . 
  hell , ask the european banker on the street if they trusted a london bank like hsbc/lloyds/standard chartered or an italian , portuguese or even german one . 
  there is a reason that bankers such as sir john bond pop up on the boards of huge companies such as maersk after they retire from finance . 
  they are trusted , the are honest and they have huge experience . 
  that is not to say that london banking has not had a few problems - libor - like other indexes was manipulated . 
  the banks were landed with massive fines and people have been arrested . 
  however , the losses that these banks have made , have more often than not , been negligent rather than criminal . 
  like most of the european continent investment houses and banks in the uk were sucked into the belief that european debt could be traded interchangeably . 
  that has , unfortunately been proved untrue . 
  that 's one of the reasons that the germans are having such a massive problem in trying to criminalise poor management ( like merkel is trying to push through at the moment ) the other point that needs to be made is that finance and banking are not the same thing . 
  it is incorrect to use them interchangeably . 
  if you wanted a large european company audited i guarantee you that it would have more weight if you used one or more of the ` big four ' accountancy firms than a similar partnership in any european country . 
  if you wanted to give your firm international cachet , you 'd list it on the london stock exchange . 
  it is extremely common to use british brokers to trade because they are renowned for their honesty and because the uk legal regime is so good . 
  if you wanted to sign an massive contract across legal jurisdictions , more often than not , it would specify in the contract that british law would be used to resolve any issues . 
  what is your problem with london anyway ? 
  you are american . 
  are you hoping that the british/european banks will fuck off to new york ? 
  or are you just having a go because of some angst driven feeling that money = bad . 
  in a country of 65m people , the financial sector employs 1m ( a huge amount ) and accounts from 10 % of government revenues . 
  it may be difficult to comprehend , but it is a social good that these guys make money , pay their taxes and do n't burden the state . 
   also the telegraph , one of the leading voices of conservative free market and deregulation bullshit as well as euroskepticism . 
  grow up . 
  they are attacking the tax because it is shit . 
  applied to london it would be completely punitive . 
  uk financial regulation is already amongst the strictest in europe . 
  just compare the dodgy ` stress tests ' that the eurozone banks had compared to the rigorous ones imposed by the uk . 
  in march 2013 the uk banks were forced to raise even more capital - # 25bn by the financial policy committee ( fpc ) . 
  share prices fell more - 5.35 % and 2.2 % before the tax came in . 
  the 1 % after that was because the market , having already reacted to the tax , were just re-pricing shares to include the effect of the increase . 
  and now london is one of the largest swedish cities . 
  as a londoner it was fantastic . 
  why would you want to reduce high-risk investments ? 
  if i wanted a loan to start a company that would be high-risk . 
  executives get paid ` parachute payments ' because it is so difficult to get people to take risk . 
  shareholders like it . 
  ftt is n't regulation of the financial sector , it is a smash and grab raid . 
  they believe it can raise $ 35bn and london/the uk will be hit disproportionately hard owing to our established financial sector . 
  speculation does n't break economies , bad economies break themselves . 
  speculation just uncovers the rot . 
  it 's not their fault that they realised that german and greek credit worthiness were not the same . 
  as to london being the most corrupt financial center in the world , that 's utter shit . 
  rule of law is one of london 's main attractions . 
  the ftt makes fuck all sense and why would the uk gimp itself internationally by chaining an industry that employs over a million people and accounts for 10 % of all tax revenue ? 
  did the dig at / r/atheism upset you ? 
  yes and no . 
  difficult to do it with philosophy but completely reasonable to update philosophical theories without altering them slightly and creating a new theory . 
  good example would be virtue ethics . 
  english is a good example of a subject where works get constantly re-interpreted , film is another . 
  that 's precisely why i do n't like out of context quotes such as this . 
  it makes it seem that kant foresaw of believed something that is not strictly true . 
  exactly . 
  yes and no . 
  he thought that constitutional republics would not wage war on each other which is a slightly different thing . 
  also unfortunately turned out not to be true . 
  i ca n't remember having seen that quote before despite having read some kant ( which is horrible and not recommended at all ! ) . 
  if it was updated to a more modern speech i would have bet it was a quote from a european functionalist like david mittrany . 
  which is why i made those two points which you responded to about its meaning . 
  that 's why i took a negative reaction and probably why i believe that it is all but impossible to decontexualise something like that . 
  especially a quote such that has political undertones and is open to interpretation from anyone , which is ambiguous enough to be used out of context and which can be slipped into a political narrative . 
  knowing it was kant , there was a danger that kant ( a famous and respected philosopher in spite of his flaws ) could be hijacked . 
  with the hitler quote , if you had seen it in the context of mein kampf i think it would definitely alter the meaning . 
  at the very least it would have given it a subtext that could n't be ignored . 
  take this `` it is enough that the people know there was an election . 
  the people who cast the votes decide nothing . 
  the people who count the votes decide everything . '', 
  it is pretty unpleasant but that stalin said it gives the quote an extra edge beyond that of mere commentary . 
  - edit : apologies for spelling mistakes , i 'm tired and dyslexic . 
  appreciating some small part of a person 's world view does not commit you to endorsing their every though . 
  however quoting a small part of their world view without context and using it to try and say something about them is deeply flawed .
