  if you want to keep the eurozone together , austerity is the only solution . 
  quite why these commentators refuse to believe that debt and deficit are problems is baffling . 
  as a british taxpayer i pay something like # 1,600 a year to service the uk debt as it stands . 
  that 's cheap debt too . 
  explain what you meant then . 
  few people keep money in swiss bank accounts because of the customer care . 
  what you are essentially saying is the economic equivalent of ` good on you switzerland , do n't bring in seatbelts , i once heard about a time when some guy was kept in his seat due to intertia and was able to clamber out unscathed before his car exploded . ', 
  ok , if you 're going to quote me an out of date paul krugman article with a superficial set of figure and no economic analysis , lets take a look at what was happening in argentina in 2011 . 
  firstly , that ` boom ' you see rested on a china-inspired commodity boom . 
  for it to have continued ( remember this is back in 2011 ) it required the price of argentinian commodities -- which accounted for almost two-thirds of exports , kept rising . 
  in 2013 , the commodity boom is now over . 
  it is also the result of some ` imaginative ' accounting . 
  gaps were filled by raiding pension funds and central bank reserves . 
  at the same time , inflation was running at more than 20 , yes 20 % . 
  those figures which you have , are also based on the fixed government peso-dollar exchange rate . 
  liquidity is low and the black market rate is now , as it was then around twice as much . 
  economists who disagreed with the 9 % figure were hounded and fined . 
  that 's important because argentinian debt is index-linked and thus the government made huge savings by cooking their books . 
  from 2008-2011 state spending rose around 34 % a year , tell me how that 's sustainable in a bankrupt state . 
  capital flight was rising , an import-matching system was gradually being implemented . 
  back to 2013 , the imf -- who 's figures krugman used -- have been saying for the last 7 years that argentina will go bankrupt again . 
  truth is relative in that country , what you see is not what you get . 
  iceland acted irresponsibly , argentina have repeatedly lied . 
  i 'd rather shit in my hands and clap than invest in that country . 
  you 'd have to have a death wish . 
  i actually typed out a reply to this . 
  reading it again , all i can say , is jesus christ . 
  are you honestly being serious ? 
  normally i 'm happy to discuss this kind of topic in depth but i have a few questions for you : do you know anything about the swiss banking sector ? 
  do you understand any history behind the swiss banking sector ? 
  do you understand how taxation works ? 
  do you know what tax evasion is ? 
  the argentinian economy has n't recovered . 
  which default are you referring to ? 
  more importantly , which recovery are you referring to ? 
  that country is a complete basket case . 
  in summation of your point , you 're telling me that i can ethically avoid tax/hide my money if i do n't like that my government are letting homosexuals have the vote ? 
  that is the biggest crock of shit argument i have ever seen . 
  let me rephrase that for you using a bit of moral naturalism . 
  a pretty standard and pretty basic analysis is : x good if x is n for a popstar we are going to let n be a combination of cool , good for an image , good for a career , or good at selling records . 
  now , knowing that eurovision is camper than a liberarce frock , and thanks to the politics of the thing , the low quality of the competition and years of sarcastic mockery from terry wogan and graham norton rated about as highly as nick clegg in a student area . 
  therefore , the our philosophical analysis leads us to the statements , ( once again with reference to a successful popstar ) : eurovision is good if eurovision is some combination of cool , good for an image , good for a career , or good at selling records . 
  because it 's not , no one would dare risk going on it . 
  even the title seems sensationalist . 
   the left-wing is far better at reforms no one here is doubting left-wing enthusiasm for expensive reform , the problem is that we 're not sure that hollande has the balls , political will or desire to carry out even a fraction of what 's needed to sort france out . 
  the medicine is probably liberalisation which i 'm sure you 'll agree , the left is generally crap at doing . 
  there is a package being voted on today that relates to consultation which started in january . 
  in that time the eu has told hollande to pull his finger out and do something useful . 
  i dislike old people and those who save dutifully for their retirement too . 
  bastards . 
  it is grossly political . 
  the suggestion that you made even implied that it is political . 
  that 's not what the european commission poster op linked to led me to believe . 
  as a uk taxpayer , i 'd prefer the # 160 a year back please . 
  what country are you from ? 
  educationally , what level are you at ( 16 , 18 , degree ) ? 
  do you have access to online journals ? 
  this article really pissed me off . 
  dull , opinion-less , economically illiterate crap that tries to draw a response from the reader . 
  this is n't a disagreement of keynsians and classical economists . 
  this is really basic shit he either gets wrong or considers revolutionary . 
  the author seems to be smugly assuming that the premise of the piece , ` in short , austerity is recessionary ' , is somehow a controversial statement . 
  yeah ... no shit . 
  short term spending boosts the economy , the problem is that if it is not demand driven then you store up problems for the future . 
  he then claims it is somehow odd that :  ` the debt burden , which is simply the government debt relative to gdp , was increasing . ', 
  in spite of deficits falling . 
  surely someone with a modicum of sense would sense would realise that if you were still running a deficit , then you 'd still be running up debt . 
  you 'd just be doing so at a lower rate . 
  the figures - taken from an article that he linked to - show exactly that . 
   `` both the euro-zone and all of the e.u. 
  states together saw a roughly 3 % debt-burden increase . 
  why is that ? '', 
  actually , based on the figures he supplied ( from the herald tribune article he linked at the bottom ) it is a 3.7 % increase - 3.7 % to 3 % is a big rounding error when you are dealing with trillions of euros and in this highly accurate economic context . 
  why is that ? 
  because on average they are running just under a 4 % deficit ( down from 4.4 % ) and borrowing costs have lowered due marginally more favourable market conditions and action from the ecb . 
  next year the debt-burden will increase at a lower rate if they decrease their deficit but rise again . 
   even if gdp contracts without any increase in the deficits , we would expect to see the total debt-burden in the euro-zone worsen relative to the combined debt-burden of all the e.u. 
  states , unless a number of non-euro-zone states were also undergoing austerity . 
  what ? 
  if gdp contracted we would expect a corresponding rise in debt spending unless the government was also undergoing austerity at the same time . 
  i 'm struggling to get my head round what that paragraph means to say , or what point the author is trying to make . 
  i do n't understand why he 'd introduces non-euro-zone states into this . 
  also there is not a state in europe that is n't currently not undergoing austerity . 
  the uk , the largest and most significant is certainly undergoing austerity , whether it is ` savage ' or ` not fast enough ' depends on which paper you read . 
  that is a completely bullshit attempt to manipulate a set of statistics to make a point that is complete and utter shit . 
   austerity reduces demand in the economy and increases unemployment , which in turn puts pressure of governments to increase social spending -- either by raising taxes or increasing the deficit , and thus debt . 
  going bust because a nation is unable to service it 's debt also reduces demand and increases unemployment . 
  does he think that borrowing equals free money . 
  the cost of servicing debt in the uk amounts to about # 800 per man , woman and child . 
  around 50 % of people do n't pay tax , so that is around # 1600 per taxpayer , 3 % of gdp , 6 % of government expenditure . 
   with the most vulnerable people put most at risk . 
  ah - a true statement , but here in lies the politics of the article . 
  another american deficit denier . 
   yet how is it then that the debt-burden of the euro-zone did not change in percentage terms relative to all of the states put together ? 
  that literally makes no sense and does n't correspond to any of the figures the article puts forward . 
  who wrote this shit ? 
  there is one reference - to a fucking herald tribune article - at the bottom for all the figures ( which he still manages to miscalculate . 
  i sincerely hope this blog dies , it is utterly shameful . 
  how do they look different from the standard white/black/brown / hispanic/middle eastern/oriental mix of any city . 
  roma who have nothing to do with their culture are rare as hen 's teeth .
