  i have never heard of any examples of any kind of malcontent towards them . 
  why would there be ? 
  you simply would n't know . 
  i suppose i find your accusation of racism baffling because they look exactly the same as everyone else . 
  i could n't give a shit if the person living in the camps was roma , irish , black or danish . 
  if you bring up your children to behave in that way , leech off society and make a pain in the arse of yourself i 'm going to dislike you . 
  just because american cities had problems with integration last century does n't mean you can come and expect that other places have experienced similar problems . 
  racism , is discrimination of someone because of their race . 
  these people are the same race as me . 
  edit : apologies , apparently you are from finland . 
  once again , just because you finns consider your own country to be racist http://www.hs.fi/english/article/poll+majority+of+finns+see+finland+as+racist+country/1135269860316 does n't mean we are in the rest of europe . 
  they are not being discriminated against because of their race . 
  europeans countries are desperate for them to integrate . 
  that is completely , 100 % incorrect . 
  they are white . 
  in the uk , spain , italy , etc etc etc. 
  you simply would not be able to tell a gypsy from someone else . 
  look you patronising dickhead . 
  i 'm going to spell it out for you . 
  in europe , like most of the rest of the world , we can appreciate cultural differences between nations . 
  i am primarily going to use the differences between britain and germany to illustrate the point . 
  i have loads of german friends ( which before you make some sly remark about never the sign of clear conscience is totally relevant ) , like german humour ( which is darkly sarcastic ) , and generally i enjoy spending time with germans . 
  however , i am very critical of the german pacifist attitude . 
  due to the horrors of wwii pacifism has now become part of the german culture . 
  they refuse to spend money supporting international engagement , their troops peform non-combat roles in war-zones and despite their economic might , refuse to provide active assistance to operations that keep the world safe . 
  they , in my opinion , shared with a shit-tonne of other european nations and the us , are essentially free-loading off us military hegemony and the defence spending of the uk and france . 
  give you a few examples , the germans are by and large pacifist , the british , french and danes are more inclined to believe that force is an acceptable solution for diplomatic affairs . 
  a the same time , they see no problem with suppling dodgy regimes with arms , and are in fact the world 's 3rd largest arms dealer . 
  whether you agree with me or not , you 'd have to agree that it is an aspect of german culture , and at the very least there is a debate to be had about it . 
  if there is a debate to be had about it , then you 'd have to either agree with the german perspective , or the frustration that britain , canada , france , italy , and the united states express with their ally . 
  in business koreans expect you to get drunk - if you do n't they often do n't trust you . 
  alcohol , like in the uk , plays an important cultural part - but in the uk it generally associated with enjoyment rather than as a competitive thing . 
  many british businessmen i know express contempt for this aspect of korean culture . 
  they also dislike how korean firms promote on seniority rather than talent . 
  they , like i , believe that a more meritocratic way is better - not different - better . 
  japanese culture is casually racist . 
  if you are white or black it 's not uncommon to be bared from trying on clothes because you smell . 
  if you are white or black you are treated differently . 
  not good . 
  in cambodia , if you are white , you are treated like an upper-caste member of society . 
  not good and completely at odds with the egalitarianism that i 've been brought up believing in . 
  on a european level , many continental europeans believe that the british culture of quasi-isolationism is deeply unpleasant . 
  they believe that it is a truly negative aspect of british culture and therefore open to derision . 
  the class system in the uk is a deeply ingrained aspect of culture . 
  you can often predict how people will behave or what clothes they will dress in based on what class they present themselves as . 
  once again , using the example of the city of london , one of the common complaints is that it is an old boys club . 
  actually , it is a mixture of upper-middle class people , rough-round-the-edges essex/eastenders and foreigners . 
  there is very little in between . 
  it would seem bizarre for outsider and it is commonly criticised as being inferior to other , less class based societies . 
  an extreme example of class based culture might be the caste system in india . 
  there is nothing to stop a posh boy marrying a working-class girl in the uk . 
  that kind of relationship would not be allowed in india . 
  in the sub-continent , there is a culture that permits arranged marriages . 
  i think that is horrible . 
  not racism . 
  american culture can at times seem bizarre to british people . 
  putting your hand over your heart or worrying about a meaningless flag being burnt all seem overtly jingositic to the humble brit . 
  my point is therefore that you can be critical of a culture ( and remember these nations with citizenship lessons , in the case of the united states weird dedication that young kids seem to read every morning ) . 
  you can be critical of a culture without being racist . 
  if you thought that ` she 's the man ' was a better film than the ` godfather ' i would n't just think that you had a different attitude , i 'd think you were incorrect . 
  in politics , if you were left or right wing , and i was left or right wing , we may get on very well , but we would n't assume that the person just held a different opinion , we 'd assume each other were either mis-informed or wrong . 
  in this particular instance , the culture of gypsies is the problem . 
  it is completely at odds with the culture of every other european nation , and they seek to leech off the more civilised parts of the world whilst maintaining isolation . 
  what is there that gives that any merit ? 
  why should i have to pay lip-service to something that i think is completely ghastly ? 
  ` practicing this culture ' do n't call stealing , begging , laze , rape , and child slavery culture . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acuig_qob6m grabbing ( i.e cultural acceptable rape in which a man stakes his claim on a woman ) is n't the worse of it . 
  describing a culture like that as inferior is n't racism , it 's the truth . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1dtfgs/chefs_of_reddit_what_was_the_most_ridiculous/c9tqtcd just one recent example . 
  i think the problem is that americans think that people dislike gypsies because of racism , the other problem is that the young , liberal reddit community often believe that all cultures are equal . 
  why did you pick sarajevo ? 
  i do n't know what u.s. cities are the most violent , but i 've visited balitmore and let me tell you that ai n't got nothing on sarajevo . 
  i 'm sure when you get there it will be absolutely fine , just make sure you brush up on the local customs , do a bit of research , do n't stay in the cheapest possible place etc etc. 
  if you want some crime stats https://www.osac.gov/pages/contentreportdetails.aspx?cid=13733 here 's another : http://safety.worldnomads.com/bosnia-and-herzegovina/75940/sarajevo-on-the-slide-crime-in-bosnia, 
  btw bosnia might not be at war , but there are still massive ethnic tensions that divide the country . 
  the country is basically split into three areas which are divided on ethnic lines . 
  gypsies are n't allowed to vote . 
  unemployment is currently at 45 % . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/pdf/key_documents/2012/package/strategy_paper_2012_en.pdf p15 is diplomatic language for the country is a shit hole . 
  i mean i can try and put you off visiting . 
  there are much better places to spend your time . 
  but i simply do n't understand why you 'd visit unless you were interested in seeing a city that suffered from conflict . 
  answering your original question , if i had to guess the safest cities for tourists in europe copenhagen , zurich , vienna and dubrovnik . 
  i also would n't advise going to zurich . 
  actually having said that just remembered a joke about zurich : woman sits down in a doctors surgery to await the result of her cancer tests . 
  doctor comes in ashen faced , looks her in the eye and says ` i 'm sorry mrs jones , the test came back positive . 
  you only have a six months to live , a year tops ' . 
  the woman cries ` oh god , is there anything i can do ? ', 
  to which the doctor replies - ` well i suppose you could move to zurich . ', 
  the woman asks quizzically . 
  ` will the alpine air , clean living and high standard of living give me a fighting chance against this disease . ', 
  ` no ' the doctor replies , ` you only have 6 months to live , but if you live in zurich it will seem like 10 years . ', 
  edited the comment . 
  i arrived in the train station in march at 3am . 
  curled up in a corner , put on all my clothes and fell asleep on by backpack . 
  woken up three times by policeman smacking my legs with truncheons . 
  never understood any of them but waving a british passport seemed to do the trick . 
  look , i have subsequently met people and worked with a couple of islamic bosnian girls who 's families i could stay with . 
  they 'd tell you not to go there either . 
  in fact i doubt you would find one person who 'd tell you it was a good place to visit .
