you 're right . 
  i for one am delighted to be told that i have to pay yet more money to the eu . 
  thanks juncker . 
  taxpayers are still paying for it . 
  everyone from cashiers to mechanics , from lawyers to bankers subsidies everyone 's education . 
  not a criticism , but recently on reddit i 've noticed that a lot of my posts have had people commenting on them that they `` sounded british '' . 
  i just find it curious and a tiny bit odd . 
  i put the middle one because i do n't think it is `` immoral '' , but i do n't think it is `` moral '' either . 
  i do n't think having long hair or standing up whilst wiping my arse is particularly moral either , but it is something that i do n't care other people do . 
  you 're a cunt . 
  the truth is unpleasant . 
  i 'm just pointing it out . 
  no one cares about your personal vendetta against london . 
  you 're coming across as racist , and seriously unpleasant . 
  always time for tea !, 
  you seem to have a pole firmly wedged up your arse about something . 
  london is a great city . 
  one of the most diverse and interesting in the world . 
  london has exceptional transport coverage for such a large , historical city . 
  i do n't really understand why you 're taking such issue . 
  i gave a warmly personal answer to the reason i do n't want to move to america at the moment , but mentioned there were two places that i could be tempted to move . 
   i 've been to most of the world though the poorer countries i opt to take cabs simply because they cost less then tfl and i can afford it . 
  shit , do things in poorer countries cost less ? 
   insincere is an immigrant shop worker at selfridges trying very poorly to be a sales person . 
  customer service in london is fucking non existent . 
  way to contradict yourself there sonny boy . 
  what is it better in the o ' l u , s of a where poorly paid immigrant shop workers are trying hard to be sales people ? 
  or do you get a better class of shop worker ? 
  stop denigrating people you wanker . 
   we need to start a public finishing school for migrants having done retail jobs in london during most of my gap year and university holidays with these guys/girls , fuck off . 
  you 're a self-righteous , sanctimonious , berk . 
   new yorkers are actually nicer then londoners . 
  whatever . 
  think both places are broadly similar . 
  i turned down the opportunity to move to the u.s. 
  i like the uk and london specifically too much . 
  in the future , i could definitely be tempted by a move to new york or boston . 
  what puts me off is the sub-standard quality of public transport outside the main metropolitan areas , the distance and rather obvious differences in culture and humour . 
  for all they are ridiculed , i 've always preferred the german sarcasm and parisian dryness to the american style of joke telling . 
  the american warmth is something that is deeply commendable but from a british perspective it comes across as a touch insincere . 
  probably why i get along with new yorkers the best . 
  that pretty accurately describes how the city works . 
  coffee in the morning , pints in the evening . 
  what ? 
  hire a sports car to take you round the track . 
  leave to head off to somewhere more interesting . 
  what 's david cameron got to do with this ? 
  so what happens when the country separates ? 
  the richer/bigger country gets fucked ? 
  forgive me for thinking that the bank of scotland and the royal bank of scotland - both headquartered in edinburgh - might be scottish . 
  whether or not you 'd be happy for them to go to jail , would an independent scotland shoulder the liabilities or lose their banks ? 
  well i for one am glad that i had to bail out rbs and bos to the tune of several billion after mr salmond encouraged them to grow too quickly . 
  bet the markets would have reacted well to 4m people contemplating those bailouts . 
  presumably you 'd back their multi-billion pound liabilities if you became independent ? 
  i do n't think that is a thing in the uk . 
  no he did n't . 
  do n't think the european community existed in the 1930s either . 
  niall is also scottish . 
  niall ferguson for example . 
  i know a bond trader who said that during the 90s it was just a license to print money . 
  ` prices only went one way and it was down ' . 
  the eurozone national banks are still central banks in the sense that they find the government money . 
  that was always considered the only role of a bank in spain and france . 
  the neatherlands bank was basically the bundesbank light , the bundesbank was the politicians bane and probably the only proper typology of a central bank . 
  it still has massive influence over internal financial policy because it is the only bank that can still afford to sell or issue debt without subsidy from the ecb . 
  i think there are three solutions . 
  1 ) eurobonds - but try selling that to the northern european countries who 'll have to buy them . 
  this is germany we 're talking about , the past 50 years , in every aspect of diplomacy they have talked the talk until it negatively affected their interests in some way . 
  2 ) a new deutschmark - essentially you let the northern european countries completely set the terms of the euro . 
  you get a strong , stable currency which would completely fuck the southern european economies . 
  on the other hand , it would probably be easier to sell the wealth-relocations needed to a sceptical public . 
  what would happen is that you 'd see a montenegro type situation ( deutschmark/euro but no direct involvment in either ) . 
  montenegro is hardly the paradigm of economic aptitude or success though . 
  3 ) the re-introduction of old currencies . 
  it would be completely catastrophic but then phoenixs and ashes and all that . 
  think the most likely senario is that they 'll just limp on until the next crisis actually forces some kind of resolution . 
  give it 15 years or so ... 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i do n't actually know how the primary dealer system works in europe , the trouble is that european central banks ( with the obvious exemption of the boe ) do n't have nearly the same freedom that the fed does . 
  you can see that in spain where the spanish central bankers were begging for an interest hike from as early as 2005 ( and also a dose of inflation ) to slow down debt accumalation in the private sector . 
  there are a couple of other problems : the markets by and large trust the united state , they do n't trust the spanish , greeks or italians . 
  even a cursory glance at their financial history up until 1992 will show why . 
  the european statewide banks ca n't engage in qe without authorisation from the ecb ( and that they are not allowed to legally has been conveinantly ignored ) , the germans have a societal and political aversion to inflation ( the euro covers a huge range of unintegrated cultures and financial settings ) and the dollar is a reserve currency . 
  in the us , if florida was in complete crisis , the central government would be forced to step in . 
  spain is in complete crisis , but it is very hard for a german politicians ( even if they wanted to ) to justify spending german taxpayer 's cash on a resdistributive policy in spain . 
  the final problem is that these countries are thought of so badly that they are still in crisis after the ecb has n't just underwritten , but actually physically bought bonds from the troubled economies . 
  merkel was annihilated publicly in germany when she backed the plan . 
  primary dealers only make up about 21 % of us debt sales . 
  prices are still set by the market and the only obligation a primary dealer has is that they have to bid within a reasonable range . 
  that means if the market price was 14.254-14 .257 , they could n't bid at 18.5 . 
  it would still be expensive though . 
  so where are you going to get the money for government expenditure ? 
  you going to sell gov. 
  bonds at 7/8/10 / 12/14 % ? 
  just because someone 's selling does n't mean that anyone has to buy . 
  how is it the wrong time ? 
  the markets were n't lending countries any money . 
  they were completely bankrupt . 
  the pro-austerity argument is that it is better to tackle structural problems head on rather than leave them for future generations . 
  the other problem is that the markets , if spooked , will raise the cost of borrowing dramatically .
