  by understanding more about kantian doctrine we can better interpret what he actually meant to say , rather than pulling out a tiny piece of what he literally said and projecting our own views on it to try and force him to say something he did n't . 
  that video perfectly sums up the dangers of quoting out of context , even if tobias funke 's character is gay . 
  ( i have no idea ) /, 
  that 's interesting about e pluribus unum . 
  thanks . 
  i fell into the trap of treating it literally !, 
  this may be reddit and not academia but that does n't reduce the fact that taking quotes out of context should n't really be done . 
  there are of course humorous examples where it 's appropriate to do so , nevertheless removing the context from a quote means that it means something different from what was originally intended . 
  if you want to do that it 's better not to mention that the quote was from kant ( although i can see why op did ) . 
  i 'm an anglican and one the academic battles that , as i am sure you are aware of , has been raging in christianity , as to what extent the bible should be read literally . 
  i understand it is probably because of that that i am particularly sensitive to people drawing quotes out of cultural/historical/literature context . 
  it is impossible to read or write something without interpreting it through your own personal ( to borrow a horrible phrase from philosophy ) meta-ethic , but that does n't change the fact that it dramatically alters the message . 
  it also does n't change the fact that when presented with a quote , an attempt should be made to work out why such an argument or view was put forward in order to establish some context . 
  `` we may have the nuclear bomb but they have the deutshmark '' could be interpreted any which way until it 's made clear that it was a moan by french bank officials in 1992 as a result of the erm . 
  in this particular regard , the context is lacking and that either changes the quote 's meaning or renders it irrelevant ( as per op 's title ) you say that you do n't believe that the quote gestured towards either of the two things i mentioned , out of context i 'd be interested hear what you thought the quote meant/represented . 
  the context is always relevant for a quote . 
  to give an extreme example '' ... likely to win an oscar '' means something completely different from `` i could n't imagine a film less likely to win an oscar . '', 
  another example might be `` he alone , who owns the youth , gains the future . '' - on the face of it an innocuous quote , future positive even , until you realise that it was hitler who said it . 
  difficult to deny that that lends it an unpleasant undertone . 
  as i explained in another comment , by quoting out of context it appears to give kant foresight that he did not possess . 
  you 'd think i was barking if i took a line from nostradamus and argued that he predicted the 9/11 attacks with good reason . 
  the fact is that kantian ethics/morality and politics are meant to be read together . 
  they are an overarching theory that simply can not be separated from one another . 
  are you making a joke ? 
  e pluribus unum does n't mean that at all . 
  i 'd like to see some context for that claim as i always believed it was a quote from virgil , ovid or some other augustan poet . 
  it is not ok to used quotes that are removed from the context . 
  in academia it would see your paper barred , there are famous cases of films and plays being sued by reviewers after their quotes were denied context . 
  i could take quote plato out of context and make the ` ideal state ' that posits his republic to seem amiable and nice rather than the dystopian nightmare that represents the actuality of his vision . 
  contextualised the quote is completely irrelevant and using that kind of quote out of context is lazy and generally bad practice . 
  it appears the quote is arguing for an eu style supra-natural body . 
  it 's not . 
  it would also appear that kant had some kind of foresight about the present stability in the once conflict striken european continent . 
  he did n't . 
  that 's a pretty hard core set of beliefs you 've got going there . 
  take it you do n't vote sdp or hdz ? 
  please do n't make this into / r/atheism by pushing beliefs through quotes . 
  social contract theory is pretty shit political-philosophy anyway , and kantian social contract theory , which denies the rights of ` passive citizens ' such as servants or women the vote is less respected still . 
  there may be a few people around who are considered broadly kantian in the sense they predicate moral and philosophical theory on something resembling a categorical imperative but no-one , no-one at all is still kantian . 
  the reason he is still studied is to contextualise other works and because he is of historical interest . 
  the trouble with these quotes is you have to take everything in context , and the kantian context was little more than an apology for the attitudes of the time . 
  he was for example at the forefront of a backlash against the sexual liberation that had started around the 1720s . 
  do you believe , like kant believes that non-marital sex constitutes a `` throwing away '' of one 's personality ? 
  or that engaging in `` unnatural sex , '' moreover , one sinks even `` beneath the beasts ? '' . 
  take his political theory of statehood - that you are referring to in your quote . 
  do you believe that states should be absolutely 100 % be barred from interfering in another state 's affairs ? 
  no aid , peacekeeping , debt , finance , or humanitarian intervention in cases of genocide ? 
  he 's not setting up a ` federation ' , ( the word federation is completely misleading with kant because it is translated to about 5 different meanings ) he wants something that resembles the u.n. - more accurately the ineffectual league of nations and prevents war through power . 
  so no , i do n't believe that the quote is relevant here at all . 
  just out of curiosity , what crimes are we talking about ? 
  murder , rape , theft ? 
  or ` crimes ' such as homosexuality ? 
  how about the holocaust related war crimes prosecutions that were announced on april 6th 2013 . http://en.ria.ru/world/20130406/180481410/50-alleged-auschwitz-guards-face-jail-in-germany.html the guys they are prosecuting ca n't be much younger than 90 . 
  having been denied the opportunity to protect france after identifying flaws in the maginot line . 
  he was exiled and , like a new joan of arc , from foreign fields he gave a rousing speech that lifted up the spirits of the beleaguered french and which ultimately culminated in the paris uprisings in 1944 . 
  he reunited the french and having skillfully charted a course between the two great powers and the british empire , rather than accept more power which would have compromised the fragile french democracy , like a modern cincinnatus he returned to plow his metaphorical fields in his country estate . 
  when crisis struck france again the old war horse returned to the fray making france great again whilst dismantling an empire . 
  seeing a danger of american ( and anglo-saxon ) influence in europe he became `` monsieur non '' to deny the british entry in the common market and ensuring french grandure on the international stage . 
  later , crushing the student protests that threatened the republic . 
  that myth . 
  de gaulle was all for gesture politics but he was n't the man who is idolised in french politics . 
  he wrote out the allies contribution to french liberation and rode a wave of public populism . 
  during his life he was constantly compared to salazar and franco by his enemies ( with reason too ) . 
  his political career was ( unsurprisingly ) rife was contradictions . 
  when he left office someone asked him what he thought the french would achieve without him , he replied `` a dog will return to their own vomit '' - a quote from proverbs . 
  the myth of charles de gaulle is one of the strangest to have built up . 
  i can understand why the french admire him but to paint him as a leader of significance is incorrect at best . 
  only yesterday did the irish government announce they would pardon irish citizens who fought against nazi germany . 
  yes pardon ... those who fought were branded deserters , blacklisted , denied jobs and treated like outcasts . 
  even after the concentration camps were discovered and the true horror of the nazi war machine was revealed . 
  taoiseach ( irish prime minister ) \u00c9amon de valera even signed a book of condolence when hitler died and visited the german ambassador to ireland . 
  the soviets were so pissed off with them and refused to allow them membership into the un until 1955 as a result of their neutrality . 
  it is also one of the reasons that the ira got so little support from the soviet union . 
  irish neutrality flared up again quite recently when an irish airline ryanair tried to use churchill in an [ advertising campaign ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/standard-pictures/article7339256.ece/alternates/w620/this+ryanair+advert+using+the+image+or+winston+churchill+and+published+eight+days+after+the+london+tube+bombings+drew+319+complaints+to+become+the+fifth+most+offensive+advert ) . 
  unsurprisingly it drew loads of complaints . 
  we call people who apply makeup and act like that ` geordies ' . 
  that 's a much better way of explaining it . 
  when english speaking people say eire instead of ireland it really irritates me . 
  if you 're irish i just about understand it as loads of irish people are bilingual , although i have never heard anyone from ireland say it . 
  if you are american , canadian , or kiwi remember it is n't technically correct or supportive of some political cause , it is wrong . 
  if i speaking in english to you , use the english word . 
  you would n't say deutschland , italia or espagne as a general use word in an english sentence . 
  also if you are going to say it at least pronounce it correctly ... 
  those seem too long , it is unlikely that there is a 90 % chance of merkel being re-elected currently . 
  if the election were tomorrow i 'd say there was a slightly higher chance . 
  clfw86 if you tell me what you ** specifically ** want the odds of , i 'll draw up a book for you . 
  edit : my gut feeling was wrong , i think the chances of her being re-elected are at least that . 
  your homes in sweden are heated by electricity which is created by a number of means , incineration is one of them however incineration is very unclean . 
  i am going to present two scenarios for you , you can decide for yourself which is more likely to be true : 1 ) norway has some of the strictest air pollution laws in the world ( owing to a huge problem with acidic rain last century , much of which was from dirty british industry ) . 
  norway also has international obligations to lower it 's co2 output , this is a problem because norway is a ) cold and b ) a massive oil producer . 
  one of the solutions has been that sweden has built several incineration plants and norway is paying sweden to dispose of its waste . 
  that way both countries can benefit . 
  norway , which is one of the richest countries in the world owing to its oil , pays to keep the incinerators on and out of the country . 
  sweden has the benefits of a little bit more income , can locate the incinerators away from large centers of population ( not difficult ) and has cheaper energy as a result . 
  therefore sweden built too much incinerator capacity for just sweden . 
  2 ) sweden now recycles so efficiently that it is forced to beg other countries to dispose of their waste in order to keep the lights on . 
  the tendency in the american liberal press to place sweden on some kind of weird pedestal leads me to believe that scenario 1 is more likely to have actually happened than scenario 2 . 
  feel good stories about how good scandinavia is generate revenue from website like reddit because it plays to their prejudice . 
  it 's more benign to small business and hits large corporates harder than any country in europe . 
  as a result income tax is lower .
