  thank you . 
  love you too buddy < 3 xox, 
  how does that invalidate his position ? 
  should n't it reinforce it, 
  your hypothetical 's concern : war , humiliation and demise . 
  respect for having more balls than half this sub to admit your fantasies . 
  it 's not mutual, 
   war with spain would not only have england leave the european union without a deal . 
  they would be kicked out of nato for attacking an ally where is this coming from ? 
  not one single serving cabinet minister has advocated instigating a conflict with spain . 
  if we are forced to defend our rock , then you have to understand it is not us getting kicked out of nato . 
  of course this is an absurd premise to begin with . 
  the blame lies with irresponsible media drumming up a non story . 
  farage ( leave.eu ) did not campaign on the # 350m claim . 
  that was johnson and gove ( vote leave ) . 
  a quote . 
  not a journalists interpretation . 
  that is an editorialized headline . 
  post a quote from a serving cabinet minister . 
  trust r/europe to spin this into something bigger than it is . 
  not one serving cabinet minster has advocated instigating a conflict with spain . 
  the fact it is r/europe hyping it up and brits playing it down lead me to believe this sub secretly wish it were true . 
  i find that sad, 
  `` there was a group of roughly 10 people that was kicking and punching him , and the rest , another 10 or 20 , were all just around watching . '', 
  it fucking sucks but there really is nothing you can do, 
  my [ attempt ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/nrgyd ), 
  r/europe has a bone to pick today - toodles, 
  technically impossible given we occupy the same continent, 
  fair deuce, 
  eu ! = europe, 
  and it appears , bitter, 
  vice versa . 
  bratislava has a special place in my heart, 
  ( the grey bits ), 
  you 're talking out your arse if you 're not providing examples . 
  are you serious . 
  if n.i. 
  votes to leave we 're not gon na park our tanks in belfast . 
   you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  always a confounding phrase given that cake serves a single purpose . 
  what you gon na do with a cake you ca n't eat ? 
  well this is a shit-fest !, 
  considering hand-egg does not involve feet , it 's an appropriate objection . 
  that narrative is pure fiction, 
  do you guys not live in perpetual fear ? 
  i mean , just across the channel our [ local railway ended up in the fuckn sea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfonm5g.jpg ) !, 
  that is a disaster waiting to happen . 
  the french have an odd tradition of skinning apples before eating them . 
  one of may 's 12 objectives is to maintain a common travel area with ireland . 
  the ball 's in your court . 
  one word . 
  4th reich . 
  * ducks out *, 
  right and wrong is not binary . 
  chill out, 
  we are very prejudiced . 
  the capital is ljubljana and the country is like an affordable switzerland with warmer people + a cool lake . 
  czechoslovakia ca n't fool anyone, 
  r/europe 's fetish, 
   hungary has a severe labor shortage right now . 
  yeah that 's one think that get 's overlooked by many people here . 
  we talk about the labour coming to our countries but forget the nations of origin need you just as much ( if not more ) to accelerate growth . 
   that being said , i do think that there should be a limit on movement inside of the eu , at least until the wealth is a bit more evened out enough that people do n't feel the need to leave our own countries . 
  could n't agree more . 
  i think a policy like this ( if not temporary ) would have stopped brexit . 
  something like an annual ( non-discriminatory ) , cap tailored to the metrics of each country . 
  by the way - the early poles that came here integrated well and are pretty well recieved . 
  i hope the same can be said for hungarians , romanians and bulgarians but i fear the annual numbers ( among all nations ) are masking the positive features of your cultures . 
  i for one am fond of balkan culture and music ( s.a.r.s , dubioza kolektiv , mahala rai banda ) and regard your capital ( budapest ) a gem . 
  i get those artists are from ( ex ) yugoslavic nations . . so the closest i can get to hungary is ! dela dap ( austrian ) . . sorryy, 
  this is eastern european feel good rhetoric . 
  the problem has nothing to do with colour . 
  it 's a fact that open borders to countries who 's minimum wage is 20-25 % of your own ends in mass migration . 
  open borders with countries of comparative scale do not disrupt the working class near as bad . 
  without a doubt r/uk hates itself , even more so than this subreddit . 
  politically it 's much further left than the nation and anything outside of its collective line of thought is shut down pretty fast . 
  r/ukpolitics was polled recently and while the userbase ( oddly ) turned out to be lib dems ( which again is not totally representative of the country ) , they do occupy the center ground and are slightly more in line with the nation . 
  i 'm very certain that people from r/uk consistently piss of their wider peers . 
   i do n't like to say this , but you are honestly an idiot . 
  true story, 
  leave ran on a platform to cap the accelerating yearly aggregate of unskilled labour ( mass migration ) . 
  it was about the future not the past . 
  no one had repatriation on their minds . 
  or . . `` we will create a tax haven if you choose to fuck us over ? '', 
  given the comparative size of our economy , it 's not unreasonable to attempt to level the playing field . 
  i know for a fact that if the tables were turned , you 'd be fighting your corner too . 
  my point applies to op and verhofstdat . 
  verhafstdot wrote in the article that he has n't witnessed any hostility from eu leaders . 
  that 's categorically untrue . 
  spinning it and pinning it solely on the brits might make for a nice feel-good tale of good and bad but it does n't really reflect the nuance of the year . 
  [ british ` deserters ' will face the consequences , warns eu 's juncker ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/20/british-deserters-will-face-the-consequences-warns-eus-juncker/ ) [ uk should be punished if it leaves eu to deter other exits , say former ministers ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/25/uk-should-be-punished-if-it-leaves-european-union-to-deter-other-exits ) [ uk must pay price for brexit , says fran\u00e7ois hollande ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/07/uk-must-pay-price-for-brexit-says-francois-hollande ) courtesy u/ab _ inferno, 
  once we 've left , we 've left . 
  i ca n't see myself voting to rejoin , given the deal we 'd get . 
  yes i realise that and i do n't align with most of what he says . 
  given the chance i 'd probably vote to remain again . . but the reality is different and their is no use crying over spilt milk so it is up to us to make the best of it . 
  i wish you and the eu success too . 
  it 's a shame you are filled with such hate, 
  given the diatribe coming from / r/europe , i 'm starting to think my remain vote was the wrong choice . 
  not once have i witnessed the irish reciprocate warmth . 
  fuck you too !,
