  no doubt it would be an absolute disaster if ukip made it in ; but it 's what you get when the main parties fail to acknowledge and actively slander people as bigots who have been negatively affected . 
  the irony is that your form of bigotry only reinforces the resolve of people who feel they are not being listened too . 
  i predicted this before the referendum and i 'll warn you now ; listen and debate but do n't slander because you will make the situation worst ( which you may see in other forms across europe ) . 
  i believe - internally - this tipped us into brexit ; too many people chucking bigotry at a context that they could not relate too . 
  a little bit like you ; a mouth full of apathy . 
  papers sell drama and 63 million do not think as a sole collective . 
  you talk of gullible ; yet you talk in caricatures - that does not make you very wise  `` preserving '' british identity . 
  and your point is what . 
  culture is a beautiful thing . 
   ukip is a failed populist party which sought to appeal to the masses with national conservatism rhetoric . 
  on what merits are you making that claim ? 
  ukip was a single policy party that succeeded in its goal . 
  i expect it to fade now . 
  that 's the stupidest shit i read all day, 
  forfeits reasonable debate, 
  did you really just say that, 
  that is a really stupid argument you 're running with . 
  iran was sanctioned because of its nuclear program . 
  russia was sanctioned because of ukraine , georgia and human rights . 
  what is the reasoning for the uk ? 
  spite ? 
  tribal politics ? 
  ------- i love europe , travelled it many times over - learning french , lived in italy , even walked 2000km across it ... it 's a shame that one can not have an honest conversation without being reduced to caricatures and tribal politics ; evidenced by the karma share on our earlier chat, 
   it does n't . 
  country do that to other countries all the time . 
  trade embargoes and sanctions . 
  the uk does it to at least several countries at this moment . 
  trade embargoes are dished out for legitimate reasons ; not out of spite . 
   you are confusing your previous status as an equal member of the eu and your new status as just another sovereign country that has no special rights within the eu . 
  of course we are not on equal terms outside of the eu . 
  ofcourse every trading block/nation runs in its own interest . 
  i have been writing in that context all along . 
  this is getting a bit redundant . 
   if brussels can sacrifice its economic interests to punish russia then why not the uk ? 
  russia invaded 2 countries , poses a security threat to eastern europe and has an atrocious human rights track record . 
  ------ anyway ... . . this is taking my time and i want to go to notting hill carnival . 
  good day , bp, 
  qualify your point, 
  the guardian produce much better quality content than most papers in the uk - but it can also feel quite partisan at times . 
  it has a pretty clear political narrative which do carve out a portion of a population but can leave little space for the rest . 
  it really is best to strike up a conversation with on of us ; papers mostly sell you drama . 
  it 's not a matter of losing democratic legitimacy in `` british eyes '' . 
  it 's a matter of holding true to ones principles . 
  if you disproportionately punish group b for a choice that you do not agree with ; then that shows up democracy as an illusion . 
  there is no doubt that eu will fight for a tough deal ( as is the nature of trade ) - and i respect that . 
  but if you go so far as to `` teach us a lesson '' , even potentially damage yourself with an outcome that puts the uk in a disproportionate position to a nation of equal stature ; then yes , you are defaulting on the principles of democracy . 
  and that , i 'd argue , is a slippery slope . 
  i voted remain ; i am opposed to a second referendum because again that would default on the principles that we value . 
  why , how would we do that . 
  how does that even have any relevance, 
  i have no interest engaging in primal politics, 
  best just come here and strike up a conversation :p . so often these papers represent us artificially , in the starkest of terms, 
   frankly , who cares whether the eu forfeits any legitimacy to democracy geopolitics is fluid . 
  have fun `` punishing '' us - _ montenegro _ - we wo n't make it easy . 
  not : the sun , daily mail , daily mirror , express or guardian . 
  only you said that . 
  if the eu goes out of it 's way to make things difficult for us over a nation of equal stature ; then it effectively forfeited any legitimacy to democracy on the grounds that it does not like the result . 
  edit : roll in the down votes , spot the spiteful, 
  ohhohohoh nice tasty little anecdote for / r/europe, 
  i do n't get all these conclusions before theresa may has barely got in the door . 
  initiating a50 so fast would have been reckless , especially for a new prime minister . 
  i 'm sure she 's working on it now and we 'll have clarity in a month when parliament resumes . 
  wet, 
  your credibility takes a tumble when spoken with that level of certainty . 
  it 's grey ; unlikely ; undemocratic ; a purge on principles ; a catalyst for chaos and a dangerous precedent . 
  / s is banned under intergalactic law . 
  not trying to toot our horn but we already occupy second . 
  we can settle for ( third or ) that . 
  your ip has a daily ( / weekly/monthly ? ), 
  allowance downvotes ?? 
  say whaaa, 
  sorry to burst your bubble but the house of lords does n't have that power . 
  nice narrative, 
  ukip 's not opposed to migration ; just the current rate . 
  you can keep saying `` racial violence '' as many times as you want but it does n't change the fact that this is one of the safest , least discriminatory countries in the world . . 
  yep all 64 million of us, 
  cheddar is quite good, 
  afrikaans is descended from dutch and dutch is germanic . 
  you really are the cliche american . . 
  hahahaha !!!, 
  give wales some credit ... 
  we had 3 terms of labour and the north is still a shit hole . 
  i , my mp and constituency voted remain . 
  it 's a cop out when one can not handle democracy . 
  edit : the whole country wants to see london prosper ; but if the wealth is not shared or invested you ca n't act abashed when the country reveals its resentment . 
  responsibility where responsibility is due . 
  i seriously hope these independent londoners are joking . . we 're in this position because they neglected the north . 
  i do n't think many of us were that surprised, 
  where do you draw the line between working and middle class ? 
  this is good news for those of us with a faint hope of remaining, 
  ohh the elephant in the room, 
  what 's wrong with the above . 
  some of us have no illusion to the project, 
  i fucking hope not . 
  love you euro bredren ... 
  have you seen the political climate in the uk right now ? 
  no one 's in charge, 
  have you witnessed this ? 
  this is not the britain i know . 
  these people are still a major minority .
