send them to australia, 
  as people bulgarians and romanians are awesome ( from the 1 bulgarian i met in spain ) . 
  but in terms of numbers we are feeling the economic impact . 
  quite often the argument is peddled that this benefits our economy ; this is spoken by people totally out of touch with the working class . 
  business gets to profit !!, 
  but the working class has little power to negotiate wages which is putting a lot of us below the * [ living wage ] ( https://www.trusselltrust.org/news-and-blog/latest-stats/ ) * . 
  some resentment comes from the fact that romanians and bulgarians have no reason to care because they get to go home on a greatly escalated exchange rate . 
  the single biggest issue on this referendum is about allowing us to regulate this , like any responsible country should . 
  ofcourse that failed miserably and as a result the coming referendum is not easy to predict . 
  anyways , i plan to visit both countries this year or next . 
  italy . 
  hands down best country on earth . 
  little bit jealous ^ ^ !, 
  pffff [ hahahahaha ] ( https://i.imgur.com/fuirudd.png ) . . i thought we had it bad, 
  i have more in common with my locality than with scotland . 
  more in common with scotland than continental europe . . more on common with europe than majority of the planet . . more in common with the planet than ... where does it stop ? 
  [ beans on toast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmozkfcqaoe ), 
  can you clarify what social standards you are talking about . 
  the question is , do we want a nation of men or man-boys ? 
  edit : it seams 6 people want a nation of man-boys . 
   executed, 
  i guess that 's a sad reality . 
  then , * do we hate the romanians ?? 
  you are welcome as long as you integrate ... 
  we do not hate you ( disregard the daily mail ) . 
  a lot of frustration is however being aired by the working classes inability to increase basic pay as a result of mass migration . 
  eastern europeans are cool people , the migration figures are not . 
  monarchism . 
  i 'm intrigued why ? 
  massive fan of balkan music . 
  especially s.a.r.s and dubioza kolektiv, 
  italy  nigeria  france, 
  the daily mail might consider it a `` shithole '' , but i do n't, 
  those things still rule the streets in italy . 
  it 's kinda cute, 
  * whence close the pubs , open the kebab shups *, 
  well , if we 're getting that extreme ; ofcourse :p, 
  sorry , hold up . 
  are you calling the bbc far right ? 
  ( right wingers believe that it leans to the left and vice versa ) . 
  it 's pretty central, 
  the right wing bullshit might not be perfect , but it 's a hell of a lot better than the left wing bullshit, 
  you ca n't debate crazy, 
   the queen is a tourist attraction in theory she has power , however she knows that it is suicide to use it . 
  that is why the royals ** are ** an attraction, 
  that applies to every country . 
  i thought it was hilarious, 
  well , lets first hear `` every brexit argument '' that `` is based on xenophobia and nationalism '' . 
   do you seriously trust the british gov ` t 's it departments more than eu 's ? 
  i have n't looked into it , but my first response would be yes . 
  i ca n't think of anything more irresponsible than storing citizen data on a foreign server . 
  if that were to actually happen , that 's also a massive gold mine for hackers . 
  this type of power to the eu only serves to lessen each citizens influence on the laws that govern them . 
   it 's not like you 'd be getting fingerprinted , it would just be a transfer of existing data . 
  the government do not have my dna or fingerprint . 
  france says they require biometric data . 
  are you interpreting something i have n't ? 
   as far as i remember from what 's reached the news so far , only national governments have been sharing their citizens ' data with foreign agencies , not the eu bodies . 
  i would assume these foreign agencies are interpol , cia etc ? 
  not private ? 
  and again , a national government is far more accountable to its citizens if things go tits up . 
  you hear what you want to hear, 
  are you seriously advocating that we store the blueprint of every european citizen on a centralised database ? 
  if so why . . 
   somehow they have convinced themselves that they are still a superpower in the world . 
  explain, 
  it 's funny because it 's true, 
  estonia has a nice colour palette, 
  definitely south [ london ] ( https://i.imgur.com/fsdo8xb.png ), 
  what about the past are we hanging on to ? 
  sovereignty ? 
  that 's actually another reason to leave, 
  that 's kind of you, 
  woah there ireland < 3, 
  they want our [ bananas ] ( http://www.westyorkshiredales.anglican.org/sites/default/files/images/fairtrade%20bananas.jpg ), 
  the tabloids can influence opinion but i do n't think they represent it . 
  romainians do get shit and it 's a shame but i think the common issue is a matter of numbers ( international aggregate ) rather than romanians per-se . 
  i like you guys  . 
   btw , is this even a trusted source ? 
  are those facts or just an opinion of a random dude about his country ? 
  where does that blog come from anyway ? 
  [ he 's relatively respected . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ehghwfd4sm ), 
  glass half empty aye, 
  yes we all think as a collective ; that makes anything we do collectively ironic, 
  call me ignorant ; but you 're saying that ireland will eventually be wealthier than the uk ? 
  high growth is not a surprise when countries are recieving a great deal of investment in initial stages of catch-up, 
  ( politics aside ) what 's the point in having a cake you ca n't eat ? 
  please do n't fight ignorance with ignorance, 
  could n't have said it better, 
  this is it lol . 
  the only time it 's ever brought up is by non brits, 
  one can dream, 
  it 's hardly that simple, 
  the tories are least damaging of all parties at present . 
   to brexiters maybe -- you 're a gullible bunch . 
  i voted leave ? 
  your rationale is already showing you up  in the grand scheme of things , ukip is far-right compared to the centre-right tories . 
  ukip campaigned to control the border to better maintain integration , security and local jobs . 
  britain first wants to close the border and kick everyone out .
