  how could these websites work since they ca n't use the api anymore ? 
  if an user do something that is not allowed by steam api , they 'll not be able to use it anymore . 
  what about souvenir packages ? 
  and do you really think they would n't want to cease these websites ' activities only because of major viewers ? 
  lol, 
  thanks a lot for your well-detailed explanation , it helped me a lot to understood how it works . 
  thanks again !, 
  hello jnelson, 
  [ here is a better quality image of the new icons ] ( https://steamcommunity-a.akamaihd.net/public/shared/images/community/bigpicture/levels_space_bp.png ), 
  thanks, 
  proof ? 
  they did n't gave advice and what 's saying h3h3 is wrong imo . 
  they just provided the steam api for everyone and some guys decided to create gambling sites thanks to it , but millions of other developers are using the steam api for legit uses . 
  apparently there 's at least 60 dead ( source : bfmtv , itele ), 
  i hope your dad is okay . 
  courage < 3, 
  same thing here . 
  i 'm in my 20 's and i 'll move out in another country as soon as i finish my studies . 
  oh come on stop complaining , a new weapon can give some new breath to the cs : go gameplay , i ca n't wait to see what it looks like . 
  yes, 
  bought the aftershock but it did n't appear ingame . 
  if they do n't stop their business , valve will probably request them to stop . 
  if they do n't want to , they 'll probably sue them or whatever . 
  i live in france . 
  i do n't have a proxy . 
  i already did an antivirus and antimalware scan but did n't find anything . 
  fixed the problem . 
  it was because of the google dns . 
  thanks !, 
  try to remove the google dns . 
  i fixed my issue like that . 
  what ? 
  you can also just paste it in your browser url bar . 
  sv_cheats 1, 
  prop_dynamic_create \\ props \\ de_vertigo \\ trafficcone_clean . mdl, 
  what 's that game with these penises achievements ? 
  i want the same, 
  the two versions are exactly the same for now . 
  however , the devs will continue to update the game and they will push the changes in the unstable version first before pushing them to the normal version . 
  i personally recommend you to play to the normal version ( starbound ) because there 's maybe still some bugs in the unstable version . 
  well , 0.10 = very rare and 1.0 = very frequent , it will spawn on nearly every tile that can have one ( but it does not mean it will spawn on every single tile ) . 
  i do n't think you can go further than 1.0 . 
  it depends what your current level is . 
  try to post in r/steam _ link, 
  well , the fortune cookie text is n't all right . 
  that 's not really comforting for your pc . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  got it today ( one day before , thanks ups ) and i was able to download it on the play store and it works perfectly . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  got it today ( one day before , thanks ups ) and i was able to download it on the play store and it works perfectly . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  got it today ( one day before , thanks ups ) and i was able to download it on the play store and it works perfectly . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  got it today ( one day before , thanks ups ) and i was able to download it on the play store and it works perfectly . 
  i 'm sorry that it crashes for you :( did you try to use an apk ? 
  it looks like it 's a fake . 
  some websites are misspelled , i mean , for a document like this , there must be multiple proofreads . 
  also , csgobetting.com owner said he did n't receive anything : https://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/4v9xtf/valves_second_letter_to_another_group_of_gambling/d5x0ymk, 
  it was there in the first letter . 
  awesome playlist . 
  thanks . 
  would it be possible to send it to me ? 
   add badges that level up with each scammer and we might be scam free . 
  yeah , and so everyone will report everyone for no big deal . 
  it should have been fixed months and months ago ... from what i 've seen , / u/killahinstinct already reported it multiple times . 
  how long does it take to update ? 
  are you talking of the pre-download or the update itself ? 
  because i already downloaded something before launching the update ( i did n't launch it yet ), 
  a lot of games make their soundtrack available on steam too , and they count as dlcs . 
  because a lot more employees work on the steam client instead of bpm . 
  / u/trollabot spidersouris, 
   today we 're shipping a new accuracy recovery method and new recovery rates for the ak-47 , m4a1-s , and m4a4 . 
  the goal is to allow players to develop and express their skill using a variety of methods of firing a weapon , by increasing the effectiveness of tapping/bursting relative to that of spraying . 
  i can ( almost ) confirm it has been added with this update . 
  well , a string regarding this error has been added on the sts , so that 's new , for sure . 
  i do n't understand why i 've been downvoted btw but reddit , eh ? 
   its not something that you just find, 
   its more like something that you find, 
  except that people will complain . 
  but after all , people always complain , so it would n't change anything . 
  out of curiosity , for what game were you downloading this mod ? 
  store = / = community, 
  do you think they shut down their services intentionally ? 
  well , i just do n't understand your point . 
  yes , the steam store works , because it is n't down . 
  yes , the steam community is down more often than the steam store , but i do n't see why you 're trying to think there is a conspiracy theory or whatever ( because that 's what your comment let me thinks ) . 
  the steam controller is often bundled with other games ( for example , it is bundled with doom : http://store.steampowered.com/bundle/1158/ and civ vi : http://store.steampowered.com/bundle/353/ ( as you want to pick the sc , maybe you should buy this bundle ? ) . 
  otherwise , the steam controller and the link are discounted , most of the time , at -40 % during the big sales ( winter and summer sales ) . 
  i 'm quite sure they 'll fix it . 
  i bought my sc in november and the left button on the back broke two months after . 
  i sent my sc back to them but it got lost during shipping ( ?? 
  the tracking thing stopped to track my package at one point ) and valve directly sent me one back . 
  110/10 support, 
  tabletop simulator , kiilling floor 1 or 2 , left 4 dead 2 , portal 2 , rocket league , team fortress 2 , saints row 3 , saints row 4 , cobalt , dying light, 
  yes , it will . 
  that 's how weekends deals work : you can play the game for the weekend , then the game license is revoked from your account and if you want it again , you 'll have to buy it . 
  well , everyone can activate the mobile authenticator , even those who do n't have a smartphone . 
  alternative ways exist . 
  well , i prefer that kind of verification instead of spam . 
  for some reason , they modified this text in the french version one or two weeks ago .
