  hello !, 
  i 'd love to get shantae and the pirate 's curse - thanks !, 
  any game , please . 
  thanks for this giveaway !, 
  shantae , please . 
  thanks !, 
   charge up their upgraded tools, 
  what do you mean ? 
  yup , that 's the default key for taking a screenshot, 
   some modification from youtube link, 
  the review system in general is bad , whether it be on steam or in press . 
  the star system is bad , the grading system is bad . 
  i think that the only good review system is the positive/negative one , where you ca n't express your opinion directly . 
  or we have to create a new review system . 
  god why has that comment been downvoted ? 
  he 's just replying to op, 
  yea , uninstall it to fix the issue , where 's the problem ? 
  how many levels are there in `` jumino kart '' ? 
  also do you get a reward for completing the progression mode in it ? 
  are there any achievements tied to it ? 
  + has anyone got this bug too ? 
  ( the black box in the top corner ), 
  that 's weird since everything is set up properly on the steam translation server . 
  that 's an addon or a concept , steam does n't have that option . 
  there 's no more games offered when you buy a steam controller, 
  g2a is an illegal website, 
  grey market is illegal, 
  nice argument, 
  please , use google . 
  a grey market is the trade of a commodity through distribution channels that are legal but unintended by the original manufacturer . 
  - so the commodities are legal but this is unauthorized by the manufacturer . 
  if you 're selling something bought elsewhere at a higher price , and that this is n't authorized by the manufacturer , that 's called the grey market and that 's illegal . 
  ( at least in france ), 
  edit : that 's also called parallel import . 
  please , use google . 
  a grey market is the trade of a commodity through distribution channels that are legal but unintended by the original manufacturer . 
  - so the commodities are legal but this is unauthorized by the manufacturer . 
  if you 're selling something bought elsewhere at a higher price , and that this is n't authorized by the manufacturer , that 's called the grey market and that 's illegal . 
  ( at least in france ), 
  edit : that 's also called parallel import . 
  i partly agree with you but that 's that `` should 've been '' part that annoys me . 
  we ca n't know if these keys have been stolen , if these were requested by someone to do a giveaway or anything that he , finally , decided to sell on g2a or if these have been bought elsewhere in the world for cheaper . 
  sure , they are some `` real '' sellers , but i do n't think they are part of the majority of cd keys website sellers . 
  i think that if you buy on g2a or any other cd key website , i ` ts as though you were cracking the game , because you do n't know if the dev/publisher received any money or anything . 
  most of the time , if you 're buying on these sites you 're just enriching scammers ... 
  edit : that 's ok if you want to downvote me but at least say what you thinks lol, 
  oh god yes !, 
  please / u/concernedape < 3, 
  that 's not a steam game but you should suggest her animal crossing and harvest moon . 
  my mom does n't play video games a lot but she loves these 2 games , so maybe your mom will too . 
  i 'm not since i played it 45 hours since last week , but this game is not localized in spanish . 
  and so how do you explain some games are sold at -50 % on release ? 
  dat thread, 
  windows 10 , sorry . 
  i 'd like to know too, 
  hey its me ur brother, 
  thank you for replying . 
  i think you misunderstood what i mean , and i 'm sorry for that . 
  actually , the < alt  showing the menu works perfectly , but i can not type special characters with alt + number combination, 
  for example , alt +0171 does n't work , like i 'm pressing these characters and nothing happens while '' `` '' should be typed . 
  and that problem only occurs on nightly , i do n't know why . 
  i checked every keyboard setting on windows etc but nothing resolved my issue . 
  thanks a lot , 
  i 've heard that you can put an item in the center of the three pillars in the desert and it give you something . 
  can you give me an hint of what this item is ? 
  how can we open this `` box '' in the top room of the lounge ? 
  does the slimes from the secret forest count for the adventure guild monster slayer goal ? 
  so i must bring a mayo and right/left click with it on the box ? 
  perfect !, 
  should i change the flair ? 
  will cats or dogs gon na benefit of more interactions ? 
  i 'd love to see some added , for now these poor animals seems a bit useless :(, 
  you can still buy copies of the game for your friends for now, 
  craft the lvl5 and foil badge on steam :d, 
  will you add a pause feature to the jumino kart and journey of the prairie king minigames ? 
  that would be really awesome . 
  it does actually . 
  the dev takes 10 % and valve takes 5 % . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  he said some things on a reddit post for what multiplayer will be about : https://www.reddit.com/r/stardewvalley/comments/4b8s7v/im_concernedape_developer_of_stardew_valley_ask/d170v86?context=3, 
  he partially replied at this question in the pc gamer interview :, 
   pcg : will the success of stardew change the scope of the project ? 
  do you plan on hiring people maybe to help you with it ? 
   eb : i have n't really decided on that yet . 
  in terms of the content of the game , i do n't think i want to hire anyone . 
  like i was telling you before , i think part of what people like about stardew valley is that it 's kind of like a personal thing . 
  and i think the fact that it 's been a success with me just working on it by myself -- i do n't really want to change that . 
  however when it comes to things like porting the game or adding multiplayer or more technical aspects of the game , i 'm open to possibly bringing more people into it . 
  but i just have to assess that first and see if it 's something i need help with or not . 
  i like working alone , i like working by myself in many ways , so if i can get away with it i 'll probably continue to just do it like that . 
  looking for a pass : http://steamcommunity.com/id/spidersouris/ - thank you a lot . 
  be sure that i 'll give you a game if you give me a pass !, 
  here 's my steam profile if you need someone to give one hehe http://steamcommunity.com/id/spidersouris/, 
  what 's your hud ? 
  it would be cool if someone post this tweet : https://twitter.com/sylvainlapoix/status/712210662156603392 - the same guy that participated in the #porteouverte thing during november 13th wants to do the same thing for today - thanks . 
  just scroll down . 
  it takes you like 1 second . 
  family sharing . 
  dragon quest viii : journey of the cursed king, 
  hello , thanks for your fast reply .
