  why does n't the swede know english grammar ? 
  because their schools are shit !, 
  jeez swedes , ca n't you take a joke ? 
  state definitely is n't an accurate translation , as it implies a large degree of self governance . 
  county is much closer in translation . 
  well several cities and towns were bombed by both sides . 
  this is steinkjer https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/steinkjer_after_german_bombing.jpg . 
  there was a pretty long battle in narvik that saw extensive damage . 
  large parts of finnmark and northern troms , an area the size of denmark were burnt when the germans were retreating from the russians . 
  enough to count as not unscathed for sure . 
  please do n't answer history questions if you have a 60 % fail rate . 
  you 're currently doing worse than the average of guessing . 
  norway did n't escape unbombed or unscarred . 
  not really . 
  his family was from the east , but attila was born in europe afaik . 
  to be fair , they could have been called weekend houses in norway as well , since weather never stops a norwegian determined to spend time at the cabin . 
  in the mountains and inland regions sure . 
  coastal areas where people live is more grey , wet , icy and slushy than white . 
  except during and just after a snowfall . 
  it 's not city based . 
  for apartment buildings it 's building based , but it 's always possible to turn up the heat . 
  my bathroom floor is warm year round . 
  other than that you can always just use electricity . 
  they changed this about 5 ( ? ), 
  years ago . 
  before that , you could go online and search public databases very easily . 
  now it 's behind some login walls and they added the `` they see you looking at their money '' . 
  i think there 's just one thing that triggers me , that norway ( and the other nordic countries ) are socialist . 
  the name of the store does n't matter at all . 
  as / u/theendgame says , if it 's in a very busy tourist destination with only one store , they can get exemption , while in the larger cities any grocery store smaller than 100sqm ( i think ) can be open on sundays . 
  almost nothing is open on sunday because workers ' rights . 
  almost exclusively the last in norway . 
  well , i heard they were born with hearts full of neutrality . 
  they might be lusting for gold or power for all we know . 
  you might get a scottish one ? 
  sure but it 's not an active issue with any of them . 
   those agreements were negotiated in completely different contexts , and were seem by many as a step towards further integration and eventually full membership . 
  this is not true in norway 's case , neither from the eu side of things nor the norwegian side . 
  we 've had two referendums in norway on joining eu , both lost marginally , and there is no political will at all for any parties to take the fight again . 
  it 's a political non-issue in norway , and has been for around 20 years . 
  one good thing came out of it then . 
  because the politicians are more well-informed than the general population . 
  in norway it 's shown on little christmas eve ( dec 23 ) . 
  read again . 
  really ? 
  i scrolled down and found nobody else mentioning it . 
  it 's a bad translation . 
  a more correct one is `` anything for norway '' . 
  and theresa may on the woman ? 
  keg keep europe great, 
  i can confirm that it 's very common to travel abroad at least once a year ( usually mediterranean , east/south east asia or the us ) . 
  sweden does n't count . 
  as long as you put us in charge along with the finns and icelandic , and put a 500 year rule clause in , sure . 
  indeed , swedish roads are much better than norwegian roads . 
  nato sans the us is more than just france and germany . 
  also , deterrence is perhaps the most important factor in avoiding conflicts , and military spending plays a role in that regard . 
  france and germany together spend quite a bit more on military than russia . 
  well behaved does n't mean they are n't being shitty in other ways , but it does n't really matter anyway , as no matter how fucking ridiculously shitty a kid is , it 's still a human being , in your care no less , and teaching them that violence is a solution beats anything a kid will do tenfold on the shit scale . 
  i grew up with about 30 kids in my neighbourhood , and while some of them were `` angels '' to their parents and other grownups , they were all equally shitty to each other . 
  if a lie got you out of a situation , there was n't one of those kids who would n't lie . 
  well behaved most definitely does n't exclude `` shittiness '' , or `` being a kid '' as some people would call it . 
  are you seriously saying you know kids that are n't shitty in some way ? 
  of course kids are shitty . 
  that 's no excuse to inflict violence on them . 
  the very few times i was spanked as a kid i knew perfectly well `` why '' , that does n't mean it was helpful at all . 
  the only difference it made was that i started to hide everything from my parents and lie about any mundane shit in fear of it happening again . 
  to this day i do n't have an honest relationship with my parents , and spanking ( and that way to raise a child ) is a huge part of it . 
  fuck spanking and fuck everyone who thinks it does any good . 
  norwegian is n't just the south eastern dialect . 
  most other dialects do n't have that weird intonation some call sing-songy . 
  and on the way to becoming the bully 's bitch . 
  do you mean impeachment ? 
  inauguration means being sworn in . 
  . . in a defensive war . 
  sounds like a villain name though . 
  this is very much an isolated us thing . 
  the faroe islands one `` rusdrekkas\u00f8la '' translates to `` the intoxication-drinking-mud '' in norwegian , with a bit of a slang to it . 
  the beavers have expanded it seems . 
  the same reason all of coastal western europe is snow free . 
  it 's to do with warmer currents in the atlantic and warm air and complicated climate stuff . 
  the reason it 's such a relatively thin line of the coast that 's snow free is because the mountains rise quickly in the west . 
  over 800-1000 meters you 'll have snow pretty much all winter . 
  coastal norway from the southern tip up the west coast has very little snow and winters are mild . 
  however , there are very few places along the coast where you ca n't drive for an hour in-land and get to some sort of ski heaven ( if you 're into that sort of thing ) . 
  compared to other western countries , a lot of people look at americans having to work more than one job to survive as being pretty close to slavery . 
  probably on point ? 
  if your country is not dark red on social media , there 's something wrong . 
  i 'm sure some of it is because they 're simply not that well paid here compared to the general population . 
  why spend 6 + years on an education that only pays slightly more than a 3 year one ? 
  economic freedom does n't equal capitalism . 
  also , there are lots of different types of capitalism , and the type norway runs is called social market capitalism , which is very different from the american/british type of capitalism . 
  luckily we 're not super capitalists , as the market is regulated . 
  it 's more like we have a capitalist playground which anyone can play in , but we make sure they do n't play too rough , and let the government take care of the important stuff , as they do n't care about squeezing profit out of everything . 
  i would say most other countries you 'd live a wealthier life compared to the rest of the population with a high status job . 
  we 're bleeding on scotland i see . 
  or , more likely in the case of the netherlands , the north sea ending up being just more netherlands . 
  well , i guess bj\u00f6rk beats abba , and we already cheer more for your football team than our own anyway . 
  norway is / r/norge for norwegians and / r/norway for english speakers ( mostly tourists ) . 
  / r/norge is like 4 times bigger . 
  or tell the nordics that iceland and finland are also scandinavian .
