  the dress mountains in scandinavia ? 
  tbf , sweden is n't that mountainous , area wise . 
  it 's pretty damn flat compared to norway , except for the border regions to norway in the north . 
  47 % of french people think it 's morally wrong to have an affair when married . 
  84 % of americans think the same . 
  what kind of a fucking victory would n't it be for the scumbag in question if he managed to wobble the entire justice system ? 
  justice is n't based on fucking feelings , it 's based on logic , and the logic here is pretty damn simple , you do not let one asshole intent on destroying one of the foundations of democracy realize his intentions . 
   this man threw away his human rights  i very strongly disagree with you on this . 
  if a person can have their human rights `` thrown away '' , that means someone somewhere has the power to decide if you should be covered by human rights or not , and you do n't want anyone having that kind of power , ever . 
  this is why this piece of shit got fair treatment in norwegian courts , because the principle that every human being has to be treated equally is a lot more important than getting revenge in a single case . 
  it 's like he called himself `` derpface johnson '' . 
  he 's not serving with anyone else . 
  for his own safety . 
  why ? 
  due to the traditional heavy binge drinking , i bet this is in constant use on weekends . 
  that series was a disappointment from the first panning scene . 
  what ? 
  it 's still an important event . 
  that battle is considered the birth of the country . 
  harald is considered the first king of norway . 
  what ? 
  if you have any ancestors from anywhere in europe , you 're not only extremely likely , but most definitely related to charlemagne . 
  what makes you so certain of that ? 
  ah , the baltic coast of gondor . 
  i 'm getting dizzy . 
  christmas eve , christmas day , second day of christmas = 3 days . 
  i should 've probably said 3 days at christmas . 
  who said anything about third day of christmas ? 
  well yeah , that 's why i said `` unless they do n't count christmas eve and nye '' . 
  it 's very unusual working those days though , unless you 're in retail . 
  did n't count those . 
  nye , new year 's day , 3 days of easter ( thu , fri , mon ) , 40 days after easter day ( aka heaven jump ) , labour day , liberation day , pentacostal monday , 3 days of christmas . 
  pretty sure it 's 12 for norway . 
  unless they do n't count christmas eve and nye . 
  i have n't used actual norwegian cash in years . 
  the cash gotten as gifts etc are put in a jar and forgot about . 
  i do n't know if this is worse than calling it europe when it 's only eu . 
  wow , greenpeace did good for once . 
  in norway it 's the same as in french , `` paraply '' for rain and `` parasol '' for sun . 
  parasol is never hand held though . 
  get out of here with your stupid sticks . 
  the reason we do n't invade denmark is that our gdp per capita would drop so much if we annexed them . 
  yeah sorry about losing half our population and then have the dirty danes come and fuck us up the ass !, 
  norse does n't equal icelandic either . 
  and it 's a matter of language , not nationality . 
  and he was norwegian as f !, 
  but also icelandic . 
  you used to be cool iceland , when you were norwegian . 
  norse does not equal norwegian . 
  the one on fast.com , is that in megabyte or megabit ? 
  either way , it 's slower if it 's megabyte , and much much slower if it 's megabit . 
  8 on fast.com vs 130 on speedtest.net . 
  if you 'd paid any attention to politics in the last century , you 'd know that that 's exactly what the labor parties ( and left leaning parties in general ) are traditionally for . 
  this is such a bullshit argument since the pool of qualified people is huge . 
  if you rank that pool of people from most qualified to least qualified , you 're almost definitely not getting the most qualified across the board regardless of gender anyway , so why not just pick people that better represent the population ? 
  snow in bergen ? 
  haha . 
  you should give her a staff instead of the shield , as well as a beard , and add a speaker that every now and then shouts `` you shall not pass !, 
  excuse me ? 
  since when is n't sweden considered western europe ? 
  not really young , just free ( ish ) again . 
  yeah , that 's what we 're trying to avoid , people drinking their problems away . 
  yep , alcohol is n't cheap here . 
  except for expensive wine and liquor , that 's usually pretty cheap all things considering . 
  only if you 're an alcoholic and you insist on going to the more high-end clubs and bars that have those prices . 
  if you 're a regular alcoholic , you just go to the store and pay about $ 3 for a can of beer . 
  if you 're a normal person and make 5k before tax , you can easily have an evening out every week going to the more expensive places without it impacting your budget very much . 
  so it 's northern norway --  finland --  estonia then . 
  a mortgage does do wonders for the tax deduction . 
  indeed , i 'm talking about before tax . 
  that has to be way too low , and looking at that graph , a lot of people have 0 income , so i guess it depends if you count absolutely everyone or only those with an income ? 
  more like 5-5 .5 k. 
  poland --  ukraine --  russia i think . 
  and you also have norway --  sweden --  finland --  estonia --  ?? 
  not necessarily eternal crisis , but since it 's made up of democracies like the uk , it 's shown to be vulnerable when stupidity and ignorance govern the political agenda of its member countries . 
  that just shows another facet of how fucking stupid the leave campaign is/was . 
  i do n't represent the norwegian people , as i 'm heavily in favour of the eu ( that is , norway joining , i think most norwegians are in favour of it as long as norway is n't part of it ) . 
  i want exactly nothing to happen to it , i think it serves an extremely important purpose . 
  yeah that 's waaaaaaaay too early to say . 
  unfortunately . 
  oslo is almost as south as you get , so not really . 
  yep . 
  i did n't change the official address until after my studies , but i still got full scholarship . 
  it 's in euros , not gbp , so oslo is still more expensive than london ( at $ 16.30 ) . 
  that 's 500 million in the eu , no ? 
  right , i also thought it was weird that oslo did n't make the top of that list . 
  the numbers are very odd if they have n't counted the android browser as chrome . 
  pcs still come with windows and explorer , and most people do n't bother changing . 
  i 'm wondering how they calculated this score . 
  also , smart phones . 
  about being the world `` guardian '' : it 's more like the us is the strongest bully , and we 're just happy to be part of his gang instead of being potential targets . 
  also he needs others around him to tell him that what he 's doing is bad , because sometimes his moral compass is completely out of whack . 
  well , i do n't know . 
  i do n't watch it . 
  i suppose the reason i stopped was because it was easier , better , more convenient , more ad-free , etc to use internet services to watch content rather than having to watch whatever the channels decided i should see . 
  there 's enough british and american quality content out there that i do n't need the norwegian content . 
  i have n't watched norwegian tv in over a decade , it 's all british or american . 
  british for panel shows and humor , american for series . 
  almost exclusively . 
  there are no societal rules that say the guy should initiate contact .
