the whale burger question would be answered seriously . 
  burning down churches kind of annoys me the same way i 'm annoyed when people think black metal is a mainstream genre in norway . 
  the wehrmacht thing does nothing and the life of brian one makes me thankful we have progressed . 
  i think i would have answered sweden if i grew up closer to the border , but the danish countryside reminds me of the j\u00e6ren area in south west norway , which was a ~ 20 minutes drive from where i grew up . 
  city-wise , copenhagen also feels more like home than any swedish city . 
  norway : the weather . 
  that 's a very sweeping generalization you 're making there mister . 
  this is the winner . 
  they might even be more well off since they pay substantially less tax . 
  much , much worse for me , red-green colorblind . 
  it 's almost impossible to see the difference on the map between the 5 shades from bright orange ( yellow ? ), 
  to green . 
  definitely showing top speed limit in the case of norway . 
  there are very few stretches of road where you can drive 100 km/h . 
  90 and 80 are the normal speed limits on the major roads ( ca n't really call them highways even if they are e roads ) , 80 is default . 
  is n't it iain ? 
  my favourite sci-fi author by far . 
  i was very sad to read about his passing . 
  yesterday at a meeting , my boss said it was our duty , not our choice to take out all 5 weeks of vacation during the year . 
  or goodminton ? 
  i can send one from trondheim , norway if you 'd like . 
  beware the dutch war machine . 
  germany is actually slightly bigger than norway . 
  in scandinavia it 's norwegian , swede and dane . 
  in norway the swede is always the stupidest one . 
  i 'm guessing 5 of those ranks are your temper alone . 
  tbh , i really think it was . 
  would n't it be possible to sue the european branches of these companies ? 
  surely there are strong national laws against companies surveilling their citizens ? 
  what 's up with fyn ? 
  yep , same thing in norway . 
  they preferred that we used the british spelling , but you could use the american , as long as you kept it fairly consistent . 
  not a humour piece , i guarantee you . 
  granted , it is funny . 
  very few people drive to the mediterranean . 
  you got ta maximize that beach time . 
  it was either that or leave it void , as there are n't really any stereotypes on slovenia in norway . 
  yeah basically the only news we got from bulgaria for a while was girls getting raped at a certain party beach and warnings against going there . 
  [ europe according to norway ] ( http://imgur.com/skuoh ), 
  i 'll tell you why . 
  we have so much money to throw away at shit that every time there 's a new minister of education , that person/idiot makes it his/her project to reform the education system , appearantly not realizing that one of the major reasons for the education system needing fixing is the fuckload of reforms . 
  there will be no next time . 
  herring is dead to me . 
  i think you mean the most vile tasting stuff on the planet clich\u00e9 . 
  i ended up eating raw onions only to get the taste out of my mouth . 
  those maps are extremely fascinating . 
  i had no idea the old prussian border was still there in social and economic statistics . 
  this . 
  they 're fucking us consumers over at the behalf of a horribly inefficient , heavily subsidised and protectionistic farming industry . 
  we have two brands of dairy products in norway and they basically produce the same limited shit . 
  there are already few products imported from the eu , and we 're probably going to see even less of them now . 
  well that was the culturally oblivious read of the day . 
  i ca n't speak for sweden ( or the other nordics ) , but i 'm 100 % positive they are not as common beliefs as you would think . 
  the media tends to hold a much more `` equal '' view on gender than the populace . 
  off the top of my head i ca n't think of anyone i work with or anyone in my extended family who would disagree with genders not being equal in many aspects . 
  that 's a pretty damn vague statement . 
  could you give some examples of non-scientific nonsense which is commonly believed here ? 
  this is a color scheme from the depths of hell . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to make distinctions across the entire western europe for colorblind people . 
  there 's a reason nobody want to go to sweden to see the fjords . 
  it is a flat , unattractive country . 
  remember , a lot of those are probably not norwegians . 
  we have tons of foreigners working in the oil industry . 
  it 's not sad , it 's tragic . 
  four events : 872 when harald h\u00e5rfagre ( aka fairhair ) became first king of norway , 1349 when the black death hit and fucked us over completely , 1814 when we got our constitution ( and independence from denmark ) and 1905 when we became completely independent again . 
  i guess you could add another semi important event in 1969 when we struck oil . 
  i come for your cities actually . 
  replace both with politicians . 
  security guard can definitely be tedious mental activity , fighting off boredom every day . 
  in norwegian , kuk/kukk and pikk are equally common . 
  ( if you throw in canada , europe throws in schengen area countries and beats you anyway ) . 
  mountain-dutch : sykehus . 
  northern flatlands-dutch : sygehus . 
  the r map is ~ ~ wrong ~ ~ slightly off for norway . 
  the `` french '' r is more widespread than shown . 
  it 's a contiguous area , stretching further in-land than the map indicates . 
  exactly . 
  this is what people misunderstand about bureaucracy . 
  efficient leadership is almost never a positive thing . 
  the key is there are lots more parts to the machine . 
  you ca n't lose the entire engine and all the controls in one go with democracy . 
  dictatorship is high risk engineering . 
  in the case of norway , it has to do with protectionist policies that the eu would n't allow on the principle of open market . 
  norway has huge import fees on certain goods ( mostly related to agriculture ) . 
  if we joined the eu , most farmers would n't be able to compete at all with the much more efficient and cheaper european agriculture . 
  eurotrip going from mythic paradise to torture hell if you go too far east . 
  bureaucracy is not a bad thing . 
  a completely efficient government is very dangerous , as the more efficient a government is , the more power it has to accomplish things . 
  you do n't want a government to make changes faster than a society can react to it . 
  that leads to situations like the soviet union , where a central government turned the entire country upside down . 
  it did n't go well in the end . 
  bureaucracy is a great power filter . 
  not working is fine , but not working to claim benefits is very strongly frowned upon , unless you 're doing everything you can to find a job ( norway ) . 
  if you can afford it , take a year or two or five off , but do n't even think about claiming benefits . 
  also , they underestimated norwegians ' unwillingness to spend 10 more minutes driving to a bigger , cheaper store to buy groceries . 
  i might have used lidl if they had their stores in more central locations , but i see no reason to do my shopping way out in fuckville if i can get what i need just around the corner . 
  epicentre does not mean below the centre , in terms of earthquakes it 's the place above the `` focus '' of the earthquake ( on the surface ) . 
  norway is n't on either of those lists . 
  why are samis taking 50 % of the country , way , way , way south of their traditional herding areas ? 
  tbh it did n't really break a string of hilarity either .
