  that 's the only difference , and the result is that the genders are theoretically on equal terms when it comes to this . 
  if you 're the sort of person who have no problems approaching and initiating contact with others you find attractive , your gender does n't matter . 
  it still happens way more often that guys initiate though . 
  we were 5 . 
  san francisco . 
  oh yes . 
  some places will add tip to the bill if they assume you 're european . 
  we always tipped decently , so we got `` scammed '' the first time this happened because the assholes had already added tip to the bill and we tipped on top of that . 
  more like western hemisphere capital new york and eastern tokyo . 
  in norwegian the turkey area is sometimes referred to as little asia . 
  almost always rented trailers here . 
  this is for apartments in cities though . 
  it 's a bit cheaper on the countryside , and larger houses are also in general cheaper per square meter than central apartments , depending on location . 
  my apartment , which i got pretty cheap 3 years ago was almost exactly 60k nok ( $ 6.4 k ) per square meter . 
  this is seen as affordable if you 're two people buying or you get help from parents . 
  a young person with no outside help would have big problems , if not on a good , stable salary , buying an apartment in any of the cities . 
  the ones within 3 minutes walk are rema 1000 , kiwi and bunnpris , so i alternate between those . 
  would that be somewhere north of lillehammer ? 
  i 'm from western norway and this is the first time i 've heard it . 
  grew up in a house similar to [ this ] ( http://www.byggmakkerpluss.no/img/featured_images/hvitt-hus-1360769239.jpg ) . 
  oh right . 
  well , i retract my comment then . 
  that 's probably just you . 
  we might have the same `` problems '' , but if you complain about consecutive days of sun here , you 're seen as severely mentally unstable . 
  lol . 
  why ? 
  read the question again . 
  do n't know if people do it , but nobody i know shave/wax their body hair . 
  two sets of norwegian ( nynorsk from 1-9 , bokm\u00e5l from 1-12 ) , english from 4-12 ( last three not mandatory ) , german from 7-9 , french from 10-12 ( not mandatory ) . 
  of course not . 
  the system would break down completely . 
  what 's the point of paying taxes when i probably do n't even have an income anymore and the money would go into a black hole ? 
  i 'd probably move to sweden or denmark where they still have a functioning state ( unless they went stupid everywhere ) . 
  it 's considered less polite to enter someone 's house with your shoes on than it is taking your shoes off , punching the homeowner 's wife and then leave again . 
  that 's definitely not just you . 
  he 's saying that not all of europe is the same . 
  the poster child prison in norway ( bast\u00f8y ) is n't even representative of norwegian prisons . 
  anonymous balkan country with some alps and a little bit of coast between italy and croatia . 
  seems to be doing pretty well for itself like croatia . 
  if money is n't an issue , bergen is a short flight away . 
  not really exceptional case , the question of joining the eu mostly boils down to protecting our remote areas . 
  we 're a sparsely populated country , and a hot political topic every election is the `` districts politics '' , ie protecting the small and remote communitites and the traditional way of living ( farming and especially fishing ) . 
  if we join the eu , we have less control over protecting our domestic markets , and it would require even more government sponsoring of these remote areas and poor soil farms to keep them afloat . 
  also , local fishermen are afraid of overfishing if eu gets more control . 
  if this was n't a subject in the question about eu , we 'd probably be members in 1972 , definitely in ' 94 . 
  let 's see . 
  a good portion of sweden ( jemtland , herjedalen and bohuslen ) , basically all islands of the north atlantic ( iceland , greenland , faroes , hebrides , orkneys , shetland + + ) and dublin . 
  status : we want it all back . 
  absolutely not . 
  you can get beer up to 4.5 abv in stores between 08:00 ( ? ), 
  and 20:00 on weekdays and until 18:00 on saturdays . 
  if you want something stronger , vinmonopolet is normally open until 18:00 on weekdays and until 15:00 on saturdays . 
  if you want alcohol outside of those times , you need to go to a bar/pub/something with an alcohol license . 
  bars close at 02:30 at the latest . 
  probably earlier on weekdays/sundays . 
  cigarettes are highly taxed though to make people stop/never begin smoking . 
  when i still smoked a few years ago the price was almost 33 % lower , so they keep taxing it more and more . 
  which is fine by me ( and the absolute majority of norwegians ) . 
  grocery stores have cigarettes , usually open until 23:00 . 
  a pack of 20 is between 11 and 12 euros . 
  that 's so cheap for a norwegian that even your `` expensive '' beer would be considered basically free . 
  a cheap beer in norway would be the equivalent of 150 crowns . 
  220 + is pretty normal . 
  yep , mentioned them in another reply . 
  i 'll add them . 
  oh yeah , that reminds me , i forgot de gr\u00f8nne , the green party . 
  they 're pretty small though , except in some cities . 
  what 's coholic and why should you do it anally ? 
  - ap ( labour ) : your run of the mill social democratic party , in cahoots with the unions and historically the party that ruled norway for decades . 
  - h\u00f8yre ( right ) : your run of the mill conservatives , slightly in favour of privatization of government services and in cahoots with business leaders . 
  - frp ( progress party ) : your run of the mill populists , the party for people not interested in politics , but think that something must be done . 
  - sv ( socialist left ) : socialists . 
  - sp ( center party ) : farmers . 
  - venstre ( left ) : liberals . 
  - krf ( christian people 's party ) : christians . 
  - r\u00f8dt ( red ) : basically communists . 
  - mdg ( the greens ) : environmentalists . 
  the first 3 usually get at least 20 % , the next 4 are between 5 and 15 % , while r\u00f8dt ( edit  and mdg are struggling around 5 % . 
  do n't come to norway . 
  i 'd like mcdonald 's and burger king to leave and denny 's to replace them , or some other chain that does pancake breakfasts . 
  peace in europe is much more fragile than you think . 
  if history has taught us one thing it 's that we desperately need all institutions that make cooperation more profitable than war . 
  people are n't different now than 100 years or 200 years ago . 
  even if it does n't worsen in the short term , the chance is much higher of conflicts in the long term . 
  both . 
  indeed . 
  radiators . 
  of course , the water needs to be heated , so that 's electricity . 
  so water , from water and water . 
  it has ? 
  i 've never heard it being called anything but frigj\u00f8ringsdagen . 
  water and electricity . 
  so really just water and water . 
  no and no . 
  it 's not illegal if you do n't obstruct traffic . 
  how do you measure that though ? 
  measuring the average of a county does n't really make that much sense in norway , as the average will be higher in more central areas and lower in areas with mostly farms and forest based industries . 
  that goes for the whole country . 
  the reason hedmark scores lowest is because that area specifically does n't cover a lot of towns/cities , just vast forests and farmland . 
  if the borders were slightly different , if hedmark also covered lillehammer , gj\u00f8vik and jessheim , towns that are on or close to the border , it would probably score above average .
