the date is 9/11 . 
  we should have known . 
  oh it 's you cunts again, 
  i do believe that the native english are suffering from an identity crisis . 
  if you are born or descended from people not natively english , you have a very clear sense of who you are ; you are scottish , or indian , or french . 
  you are encouraged to embrace your native culture and be proud of your heritage . 
  but there are no real opportunities to embrace native english culture - or , at least , there are , but it is misconstrued as racist nationalism . 
  i have found that the majority of young people i know do not identify themselves as such , and when asked to name anything of english culture , they can only say rather vague things that apply to the isles as a whole or are not specifically english . 
  if we say we are proud to be english , we are called racist . 
  we therefore feel pressured to align ourselves to something different and not feel any sense of national identity . 
  but for one , i feel proud to be english . 
  i love our history and culture - i 'll be the first to stand up and sing jerusalem . 
  unfortunately i do n't live near any nice landmarks , but i do have a handy flag . 
  greetings from [ england !, 
  and every village has its condescending cunt , mate . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  i 'm young and i wanted to leave . 
  i do realise that , but going to catholic schools in your life and living in a white , working class area , you 're not very likely to run into all sorts of different people . 
  peace studies . 
  i 'm in a similar situation to yourself . 
  i must admit that before this year , i 'd never even met a jew . 
  i 'm going to a university which has a large number of muslim students , and because i 'm doing a course which is highly politicised , i 'm slightly worried as to what sort of things i 'll hear out and about . 
  if i knew of a good way to do it , i would n't be here . 
  i suppose the first step would be - if they had any documentation with them - to look at any prior convictions or warnings from other countries . 
  then there would be questionnaires , or methods of identifying possibly radicalised traits . 
  i 'm only speaking from personal experience . 
  it 'll be different for different people . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not offended . 
  i might have a lengthy answer though . 
  i think my story will help others see why there are so many people who have a different opinion . 
  part of it is because i was young . 
  i 'm 17 now , which is still young , but the younger you are , the more impressionable you are . 
  at that age , it always seemed cool to be socialist and left-wing ; only nasty racists were right-wing conservatives . 
  when you are left-wing , you often feel superior to others ; you feel as though you have better morality , better political views , you 're just a better person . 
  it 's very much a cultural thing among the youth in the uk to be liberal and left-wing . 
  so i think that was part of it . 
  second , the uk unfortunately has a problem with false dichotomies . 
  any debates surrounding refugees would always act as though the two only opinions available were to let them in , or let none in at all . 
  you want to screen people before they arrive ? 
  nope , you 're a racist . 
  and there 's a lot of emotive arguments as well . 
  `` look at all those children !, 
  and you 're not going to let them in ? 
  how dare you ! '', 
  and you 'd think , `` of course i want to let children in !, 
  i just do n't want potential terrorists in ! '', 
  and they 'd say , `` nope , you 're a racist !, 
  and not all refugees/muslims are terrorists ! '', 
  then they 'd have the clever arguments of `` well , if the west had n't been meddling in the middle east , none of this would have happened ! '', 
  yeah , okay , that 's a valid point - but it 's got nothing to do with the situation at hand . 
  it 's like when you accidentally spill a drink and someone says `` well you should n't have been walking so fast ! '', 
  yes , good point - but how the * fuck * is that solving the current problem ? 
  but these are emotive arguments - so they appeal to that part of you which makes you feel moral and so on without you having to think too hard . 
  so what i 'm trying to say is that it 's a mixture of social peer pressure and faulty arguments that meant i could go along with it all . 
  if you look at videos of iran in the 60s , before the revolution , it looks like a western country - people are walking about in shorts and beach wear . 
  but now , it 's more fundamental than ever , with everyone fully clothed . 
  i feel that islam is becoming more fundamental as time goes on . 
  yes , the young french are now rounding up and murdering sub-humans ... 
  i would say that a lot of immigration/cultural clash has a lot to do with it . 
  certainly in the uk there is not the same feeling of there being an `` english '' culture in england as there used to be and so on . 
  left wing : * does n't do anything about isis * right wing : * offers people solutions to the problems * left wing : this is the growth of fascism in europe !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  why ca n't we just be nice to each other ???!!, 
  i love the lake district , but personally i feel it 's a bit commercialised . 
  everything is so expensive there . 
  there 's loads of places which are equally as good but are much quieter and cheaper because they 're not as well known . 
  http://imgur.com/a/38dik yes , my parents do intentionally go for the `` victorian hoarder 's house '' look . 
  that 's like saying that a very rare form of cancer only affects a few people every year , let 's just stop funding treatment for it and watch little timmy die because it 's pretty insignificant if you look at the bigger picture, 
  there is so much going on in such a short amount of time . 
  maybe not changed our life , but it should be causing us to change it . 
  we * should * be less willing with what information we put out onto the information . 
  it 's changed our life because we can no longer have privacy . 
  snooper 's charter ? 
  the trouble with islam ( especially in reference to reforming ) is because there 's no `` moderate '' version of it to fall back on . 
  for example , you look at jesus - a semi-pacifist guy in nazareth who preached compassion and peace . 
  that 's something you can work towards , right ? 
  that 's why christianity was largely pacifist until constantine made it state religion in 303 bc , because the very root of it is centred on moderation . 
  but you look at islam , and you have this guy who was a warlord and used war to spread islam . 
  and he was married to a kid . 
  where can you go from there ? 
  how can you `` moderate '' that ? 
  yes , islam is n't inherently a violent or intolerant religion , but when it is built on violence then it is no wonder it is so difficult to make islam peaceful . 
  of course , the best way to protest capitalism is to torch down shops . 
  ( i do n't live there so naturally i do n't have any idea of what it 's like . ), 
  do these people not realise the consquences ? 
  you burn down a shop because , idk , fuck the government . 
  policemen and firemen have to go there and put it out . 
  that means that there 's probably a house fire somewhere which will have to wait longer for a response as a lot of firefighters are being diverted here . 
  there 's probably people working in those shops who do n't have very much and are relying on that job for their income . 
  so they ca n't work now because you 've just burnt down the shop . 
  so you 're probably throwing them into even more poverty . 
  people ca n't go to those shops for a good few months or so , even longer , because they need to be refurbished , so the business will suffer and even more people might lose their jobs . 
  they do n't think these things through , do they ? 
  you want to burn down shops because capitalism causes poverty ? 
  you 've probably caused some yourself , mate . 
  i do n't really see how we have given ourselves the name great when it was a greco-roman guy who did it a few thousand years ago ... 
  i think europeans do n't really understand a very british type of humour which is of ironic and excessive nationalism . 
  my post was trying to fit into the vein of that . 
  i think it 's a cultural thing . 
  ptolemy called the mainland `` great '' britain and ireland `` little '' britain , which makes sense , really ... ( apologies to our irish cousins - you have a very beautiful country . ), 
  i am quite proud of the fact that our stumpy little island has earned it 's place in history .
