  of course , most of the info we get on isis is highly suspect , so that bit may be out of date or wrong , but i remember it coming from reputable sources . 
  which is , in a sense , pretty cool ... 
  i mean , achmad-senpai finally noticed us < 3, 
  ahh , the terror , good times . 
  some people in french politics have already been clamoring for a `` french guantanamo '' since the jul. 
  14th attacks . 
  and i 'm not paraphrasing - they have directly used the reference to guantanamo * as if that was a good thing * . 
  i 'm fucking terrified and isis has nothing to do with it . 
  sorry , but if the french government were to propose something like that , i 'd rather take my chances with the jihadis . 
  and yeah , that means i 'd be defending the right of my countrymen to talk to the biggest group of murdering fuckers in the modern world . 
  but state surveilance and overreach scares me much more than terrorism . 
  i do n't have much sympathy for islam these days , but most of us are pretty glad the church fucked off . 
  we 're just hoping to avoid trading one bunch of regressives for another . 
  fucking thank you . 
  on the chance that this is n't a staged show by erdo\u011fan , it 's really fucking unsettling to see / r/europe gleefully cheering a * military coup * anywhere . 
  do let me know where le parisien relayed that info . 
  but if you think infowars is mainstream and not shit-their-pants retarded , you may already have a problem with the concept of mainstream . 
  it 's conspiracy theorist shit , no state censorship outside of a fascist or stalinist state could keep that sort of info out of mainstream media hands . 
  if you read french , he 's basically explaining how all those rumors are 100 % fabricated . 
  `` turkey '' as a whole is not to blame , and neither are the turkish people , but erdo\u011fan is paying a dangerous game with isis by focusing first and foremost on stopping the rise of an autonomous kurdish entity . 
  not saying random turkish guy mehmet fenerbah\u00e7o\u011flu is to blame , but the ak leadership has some responsibility . 
  `` suffer the little children come to me , except the brown ones , fuck those guys '' . 
  you need more oooo it 's da joooooooooooos !!, 
  if he was planning to sexually assault an undercover isis operative , i say let him in . 
  czech republic verified . 
   yanks you just answered your own question mate . 
  ( to other americans : j/k , i 'm just being a cunt < 3 ), 
  it could be described as blowback for a bunch of things , yeah . 
  french policies , both foreign and domestic , have either started , aggravated or done nothing to stop a vicious circle of resentment between the state , the christian/atheist majority , and the muslim minority . 
  if you do think that `` us guys '' love to gloat about terror attacks hitting the us though , you 're kiiiiiind of a moron . 
  brits in general , definitely . 
  i would never disparage the british fighting spirit in general , they 're the guys who really get tough under fire . 
  that quote , forgot from whom , about the british soldiers who 'd just go `` well , are we going then , cunt ? '', 
  when faced with certain death is pretty much spot-on . 
  internet tough guys like op though ? 
  doubt it . 
  is that a wwii joke ? 
  man , i would love to see you apply that logic if tragedy ever strikes britain . 
  that 's ... 
  exactly what i 'm saying !, 
  is it so hard to understand that we actually * agree on this ?!, 
  * we ca n't just pile people on a surveilance list and expect it to work - we need to streamline our surveilance operations , target it better , watching 8250 people is impossible so we need better detection to make sure that the people being watched are those who * actually really * need to be watched . 
  yep , none of these problems have solutions that can be described in three paragraphs or less . 
  which is why the political class is n't doing anything that needs to be done . 
  today , i blame cazeneuve more than i blame the terrorist , more than i blame interventionism in syria , and way more than i blame islam obv . 
  he could have done some very needed work in the 18 months we 've had since charlie hebdo , but he focused on soundbites . 
   alpes maritimes has about 515 people flagged for extremism . 
  and yesterday 's terrorist was n't among them . 
  that 's why the parliamentary report that came out some time ago did n't call for a increase of resources for intelligence , but for a rehaul of the methods . 
  flagging people for `` extremism '' means casting a very wide net and requires resources we just do n't have . 
  what we need is another way of identifying jihadist-leaning people rather than just going `` hey , this guy suddenly became very religiously muslim , let 's wiretap him '' . 
  yes . 
  and before you pull your gotcha card , i am also saying that the solution to that is more complicated than `` git them oot !!, 
  there 's about 4 million muslim germans , but they have n't been similarly targeted ... 
   what has been happening in france will only stop with hard measures i actually think it wo n't even stop then . 
  bunker down harder , and the people you 're trying to fight will also bunker down harder . 
  and as i said in another comment , no matter how much you tighten the net , some asshole will always get through . 
  and as yesterday proved , it is way too easy to kill people in 2016 . 
   ban foreign islamic propaganda absolutely agreed . 
  not just because of terrorism , but because saudi ( it mostly is saudi ) - influenced propaganda goes against all the values we westerners hold dear . 
   fund and promote quilliam and other muslim associations that seek to westernize and modernize islam they will only encounter more resistance and hatred from the reactionaries if we do this . 
  they wo n't be part of their communities anymore , they 'll be `` the government 's propaganda arm '' . 
   filter the people that have no intention of assimilating into european culture . 
  how ? 
  yesterday 's perpetrator was not religious , according to everyone around him . 
  if we 'd started to single people out according to their refusal to integrate , he would n't have been watched at all . 
  and yeah , it 's becoming normal . 
  i was in paris for charlie , and then for the bataclan . 
  we need to pour assets and resources into making sure it does n't happen again , but we ca n't let ourselves panic and change who we are either . 
  if this is the `` new normal '' that we need to accept to ensure our way of life does n't change , i will accept it . 
   yesterday 's guy was not religious , not any watch list yeah , i was thinking about that when typing up the comment above . 
  the fact that he 's not outwardly religious is n't really an indication - if memory serves , the november terrorists were drinkers , did n't go to mosque , and at least one went to gay bars . 
  some fuckers will always slip through the net . 
  unless we put chips in people 's heads to monitor their thoughts , it 's impossible to be 100 % protected against terror attacks in today 's world , and we need to learn to live with it before we can do anything about it . 
  because the more we panic the more we 'll do anything to stop it . 
  but the fact that he was n't recognized as `` radicalised '' to me is the proof that the current system of checking for fundamentalist muslim sympathies does n't work . 
  there has to be others like him out there , that can be stop if we start looking for something else . 
  man , i 'd been looking for that list for a long time . 
  people often act like a military parade is a fascist even , but damn , that kind of international outreach give me chills . 
  ask the turks and the iraqis . 
  what do they do ? 
  they carry on . 
  what we should do is make sure our intelligence-gathering agencies are completely on point and that , instead of randomly attributing `` s-files '' to anyone who could potentially be a fundamentalist muslim ( regardless of terrorist sympathies ) , they could monitor and infiltrate actual terrorist cells , hate-preaching mosques and the like . 
  but no french politician will do that because it 's long , costly , difficult and not visible enough to get you votes . 
  short answer : nope . 
  long answer : nope nope nope nope . 
  longer answer : islam is the most structured of the abrahamic religions . 
  it 's more than a creed , it 's a way of life that encompasses every part of public and private life . 
  so while french secularism , to a christian , means `` oh i ca n't wear a cross around my neck in school , no biggie '' , to a muslim it means not wearing a veil for women , not being allowed to skip pork in school lunches for kids , and a bunch of other things . 
  i 'm not saying it justifies terror , and i 'm not saying that * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * should be changed ( that 's a debate for better minds than i ) . 
  what i am saying is that muslims may take more offence at this than others , but there are reasons behind `` cuz they sux lulz '', 
  it could be , but it would be as misguided as calling turkey unsafe . 
  iirc some countries issued travel avisory warning against traveling to france during the euro , so more may come . 
  nice attack kinda sounds like a pok\u00e9mon move . 
  amen , but we 'll get through this . 
  a lot is being done about it , in france at least , just ... not what actually needs to be done . 
  recently a parliamentary report argued for a complete rehaul of france 's intelligence services , because they have proven time and again to not be efficient enough - either because of lack of resources or because they do n't have the right methods , i do n't know . 
  the interior minister , who 's in charge of internal intelligence , refused immediately to even consider that . 
  his reaction was `` a reform of our intelligence services is * out of the question * '' . 
  ( emphasis mine ) .
