how have they been suppressed ? 
  they lost . 
  they were n't arrested or forbidden from voting . 
  people just did n't vote for them enough . 
  in the regional elections , you vote for a list , not a person ( like in the legislative and , of course , presidential elections ) . 
  it 's a semi-proportional mode : first round , only the lists with 10 % or more of the vote get the right to go to the second round . 
  second round , it 's proportional . 
  traditionally , that would mean a runoff with only 2 lists ( ps and the corresponding right-wing party ) , but now that the fn is stronger than ever , `` triangular '' runoffs are more common . 
  so did xavier bertrand , actually . 
  sarkozy 's a tough old snake , but he 's taken too many hits , lost too much , and gathered too much ill-will ( and outright hatred in some cases ) for himself even inside his own party . 
  a lot of lr heavyweights absolutely * thrashed * him between the votes , and they were in a position of strength . 
  he can still win in 2017 if we 've got a sarkozy - le pen runoff , but that 's the only case where he 'd win . 
  i 'm not sure we need so much support with military action . 
  intelligence cooperation , helping with the flow of people and cash , sharing information , that 's what going to be important . 
  i think we 've got enough people helping us drop bombs . 
  people in paris are scared , not so much outside of the city . 
  it 's kind of disappointing that even though we talk big about life carrying on and we 're * not afraid * and the terrorists wo n't break us and blah-de-dah , i see how people 's attitudes have changed . 
  it 's in the little looks you trade when someone who looks a little weird gets on your metro , when loud noises startle two or three people around you , when you ca n't find friends to go out in the evenings and you know even though they have excuses it 's because they 're scared shitless ... 
  i feel completely disconnected to the attacks for some reason , so i feel like everybody else is overreacting . 
  i was out in a ( usually ) busy area of paris on thursday last week , i went for a beer and a chicken burger with friends , and we were easily the only customers both the bar owner and the burger guy had seen all evening . 
  was out again two days later , took a taxi to go home around 3 am , all the usually-lively streets we went through were dead quiet , and the taxi driver himself told me it would usually be the busiest time of night . 
  ( although the fare that asshole charged me could probably qualify as a terror attack itself , jfc ... ) it 's slowly changing though . 
  i see more and more people getting back out there . 
  i hope it was just about us needing to process what happened and then getting back on our feet rather than some long-term paranoia , because i 'm absolutely sure we 're not any more at risk now than we were before - it 's just that now , we know about it . 
  obviously , the killings did have an effect on me , but yeah , for some reason that dog 's death hits me hard . 
  i think it 's because she ( pardon the pun ) did n't have a dog in this fight . 
  she was n't in protecting herself , she did n't actually have a * duty * to help , she just did it because her handler told her `` bad people , go bite '' and she did . 
  on a side note , i feel sorry for her handler . 
  they usually end up with such a connection to their dogs , so sending one to her death ... must be like getting a buddy killed in action . 
  she was a malinois , or belgian shepherd , kind of like a german shepherd but with a leaner body . 
  they 're great police dogs because of their intelligence , need for physical activity , and general protectiveness people around them . 
  rip girl :(, 
  hey , i 'm game . 
  i do n't know if you 'll agree , but i 've seen the response to the january attacks and the november attacks as remarkably inclusive . 
  i mean , yeah , there have been incidents because there will always be racists , but most reactions were of unity - from the gov ' t and from the people . 
  well i 'm definitely not saying israel 's the only culprit here , i should have clarified that . 
  i agree with the camp david and egypt/jordan peace talks , and so forth . 
  currently though , the biggest point of anger at israel , from the arab world and from arab communities in europe is about the west bank colonies . 
  colonies which are illegal and represent only a tiny minority of israel 's population , so they could be dismantled at little diplomatic or financial cost to israel , but their government will not budge . 
  there 's a decent chance that if israel withdrew from the settlements , the decades of hatred would find another focal point , but i 'm certain it would definitely unfreeze a deadly situation . 
  shit , i do n't know . 
  she 's already gained in the polls , the questions is will she be able to keep that popularity long enough . 
  quite frankly , i believe it 'll come down 100 % to the current government 's response . 
  if they 're firm enough on the issue both abroad and at home , without letting xenophobia get out of hand , le pen wo n't have an angle to attack . 
  if they 're too soft ( which probably wo n't be the case given the response until now ) or let the entire muslim community be scapegoated , the le pen is pretty much guaranteed to win . 
  you know , as a general rule , i understand why israel 's foreign policy is a factor in destabilizing the region . 
  so in a sense she 's right . 
  but in daesh 's particular case ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  the mishandling of the invasion of iraq was a factor in the rise of daesh . 
  the de-baathisation of iraq 's power circles was a factor in the rise of daesh . 
  the splitting of syria 's secular forces was a factor in the rise of daesh . 
  covert financing from saudi and qatari clerics is a factor in the rise of daesh . 
  i think it 's disingenuous to throw israel in that mix when their role is relatively small in this case . 
  fun for you , maybe . 
  d'you have an extra bed ? 
  i may need asylum in a couple of years . 
  heard the same thing , and his two accomplices ( the 26-year-old woman and 19-year-old man ) were arrested and they 're the ones who admitted they were looking for non-whites . 
  although i have n't heard they were `` shooting anyone with dark skin '' - afaik he was the only one attacked , but i could have missed some info there . 
  seriously though , have you seen turtles ? 
  they 're adorable !, 
  he 's at his best in a crisis , just the right blend of action and reflection and trying not to run around doing everything himself , like sarkozy would . 
  it 's his style - he steers without micro-managing , he 's got a government to do the grunt work . 
  that style works hella well in a crisis , but it 's terrible outside of it . 
  he 's seen as inactive , hesitating , constantly trying to satisfy everybody ... 
  he 'll gain 10 or maybe 20 points of popularity like he did after charlie hebdo 's attacks , and lose them two weeks after the dust settles . 
  international laws are international laws - ca n't make them stateless . 
  if we start disregarding international treaties , then we 've really dropped the ball . 
  i like the picture , but what 's the mood in russia now ? 
  is it closer to anger or grief ? 
  is it `` not afraid '' or `` payback is a bitch '' ? 
  i do n't think you should look too deeply into this one for meaning . 
  it 's pretty much `` fuck you , you want us to be afraid , we 'll drink our abominations and enjoy our perversion even if you threaten us '' . 
  look guys , i 'm entirely willing to give you austria and slovakia and half of romania and proclaim the new magyar empire or whatever , just ... take him back ? 
  pretty please ? 
  yeah , and then they 'll use that to create even more momentum for constitutional changes or some terrifying shit like that ... 
  queuing means accepting the possibility of not being the first one to be served/board the public vehicle you 're trying to board . 
  that is unacceptable . 
   are you secretly an american dude , i know we 're all bantering and stuff , hell i started it , but that 's beyond the pale !, 
  all caps historical discussion is why i love this fucking sub, 
  yeah , you have to either get up at ungodly hours to get in there early , go on the days where it 's open until 11:00 pm ( thursdays , if memory serves ) , or her a special pass , but i 'm not sure those still exist ... 
  yeah well at least we beat iceland, 
  1066 get on my level, 
  i got no answer to that . 
  nice one mate . 
  i 'm french , i 'm legally required to hold the opinion that yes , they bloody well are , that gaggle of wankers . 
  honestly , maybe it 's because i 'm relatively young ( 28 ) but i 've never seen french tourists who did n't at least attempt to speak english - abysmal language skills notwithstanding . 
  even the guys in paris facing non-french-speaking tourists will more often than not make an effort to communicate , as long as the other party makes an effort too . 
  so i guess mindsets do evolve . 
   we kicked your asses back in dubya-dubya-two , so we get to speak english , got that ? 
  oh , sorry , i thought we were only talking about people . 
  i thought that was the french !, 
  damn , globalization really takes everything from us :(, 
  shit , maybe paris will actually be livable this august . 
  it may be bullshit , but it would make an awesome command & conquer game . 
  i do n't know , i think it 's pretty poetic to blue-ball them by not coming out to play and watch them froth in impotent rage while desert sand crusts up their asscracks . 
  depends what you call religion . 
  i have no sympathy for churches and organised doctrines , but individual men of faith - any faith - are among some of the best and strongest people i 've known . 
  who cares if it 's `` true '' , as long as it helps . 
  yes it is , but if i recall what i 've read of isis 's fucked eschatology , what they want is to provoke `` rome '' ( which they interpret as the west ) to invade their territories with ground troops so that they can fight the battle that will kick off islamist ragnarok and trigger their second coming .
