romanian here . 
  i do n't know anything about poles , but i think it is like in romania . 
  a lot of young people with ( useless ) degrees in law , political science , journalism , etc are working as cashier in hypermarkets or in clothing stores because they ca n't find jobs in their field . 
  all foreign tv shows are using subtitles , so it is n't that hard to understand english on an basic level . 
  for example i still make grammar mistakes ( not huge ones , i think ) but i do n't have a problem understanding a tv show dialog ( without an subtitle ) or an online article . 
  plus , in college i 'm studying computer science in english , so all my courses , exams , etc are in english . 
  oh , and we like our tuica ( plum brandy ) :d my grandfather drinked plum brandy each morning for 40 years  ), 
  dap , se fac \u0219i re\u021bele ( computer networks - anul 3 , computer networks management anul 4 , distributed network application development anul 3 ) . 
  yeah , bulgarian and romanian doctors prefer to leave and have shitty jobs and low incomes in a country where cost of living is high , instead of staying and work as doctors ... 
  did you know romanian hospitals do n't have enough doctors because they left for countries like france to work as doctors ? 
  how much money and time they spend to train a doctor ? 
  nothing . 
  this is valid for programmers and engineers too . 
  well , it was great when foreign companies entered on a market with 0 local competition like supermarkets , cars ( imported ) , food ( imported ) , etc paying the minimum wage ( 150 euros a month , the exact money to rent an apartment ) . 
  i did n't saw any newspaper story about this , let alone a politician complaining that they are distroying the local companies . 
  british companies had doubled their profits from 2007 , do you think that money will be reinvested in local economy ? 
  but when some low skilled workers may come to uk , everybody is yelling that they will take the money from the community to romania . 
  i do n't have a problem with foreign companies , but i just ca n't take this kind of bs from people like you . 
  she 's not romanian . 
  that kind of clothes seems muslim . 
  in the second picture she said she waits for the next visit to talk to you ( i guess ) , she liked the flowers and appreciated the gesture , they smell nice , bla bla bla , she still has them and she was the only one with a gift . 
  in the first picture she says about a funny thing when you visited her , about a women next to you , she laught but you got embarrassed . 
  btw , she thinks you are funny when you try to speak in romanian because of your accent  ) . 
  also , your gf talked to viorel to find a job for you in romania , when you 'll move here . 
  she 's greatful for your visits , keeping in touch with her family , and other things . 
  sorry for my grammar , i do n't speak english every day , although i do n't have a problem reading or hear it . 
  i did n't knew that about my name , thanks . 
  to be honest , the muslim community is n't that big in romania , and i do n't know anything about them . 
  some of them i think are businessmen who moved here after the revolution ( 1989 ) or before ( students ) . 
  i guess they are turkish , syrian , arabs . 
  last time a saw some muslim women with children at a local supermarket , the women wore that kind of clothes but the girls did n't . 
  i think it 's mandatory only for married women , or maybe they do n't want to appear different in kindergarten from other children . 
  it 's say something like, 
  i feel so awkward/strange/etc because he loves me , he helped me alot , if it was n't for him it was worse , it 's good he visits me helping me getting in touch with you , it matters alot when you are in prison but i dont , i dont know if you understand me ... , nothing for , but i do n't like ( him ? 
  el = means him ) , but since i 've met him it 's very good with me , he said you liked him , he 's happy , he said you talked with him everyday . 
  she makes a lot of basic grammar mistakes . 
  i do n't know if she feels nothing for you , at least not from this message , maybe she sees you as a `` sponsor '' . 
  i do n't know , maybe a sincere discussion with her will help . 
  eu sunt entry level si mi l-as permite si eu . 
  in locul tau as invata ca lumea un limbaj si multe limbaje de markup si scripting ( html , javascript , php ) eventual si frameworkuri html ( foundation , bootstrap , etc ) si js ( jquery , etc ) - sunt foarte importante . 
  i 'm just curious , it 's not a malicious question . 
  have you thought about the innocent people who died in hiroshima ( or other seen city/country ) ? 
  romanian here , post the link , the plot sounds interesting :d, 
  well , they just keep the tradition alive : rape and killing innocent civillians . 
  a tradition atleast 100 years old . 
  not anymore ... 
  because it 's a good idea to give a lethal weapon to a paranoid person . 
  if the guy just smiled at her : bam , bam you rapist . 
  if it 's wordpress , he ca n't do anything because the plugin/thme is gpl by default . 
  so he ca n't sue them for the copyright thing . 
  if it 's a wordpress plugin/theme you ca n't do anything about it because your code is released under gpl licence by default . 
  legally you got burned if you do n't have a contract . 
  locking him or do some malicious thing it 's a bad ideea because he can sue you , even get you in jail for unauthorized access , hacking , etc. 
  do n't mess with these things , just talk to a lawyer if it 's worth the trouble . 
  wordpress e un cms de publishing , atat !, 
  de asta as alege orice shopping cart ca prestashop , opencart , etc in loc de wp . 
  not really , when romania joined eu one of the conditions was to erase historical debts , including debts germany had . 
  if germany took the gold , would be erased also but legally . 
  well , the russian ambasador said something like `` it 's history '' . 
  they just stall with lame excuses . 
  cate procente are noua dreapta in romania ? 
  romania nu are partide extremiste in parlament , in schimb ungaria are . 
  habar n-am cine e inainte de un search pe google . 
  ar fi un ungur andarcavar fost director la sri . 
  eh , n-am zis ca nu se pot face . 
  n-are nimic ... if iu nou uat ai min . 
  nope . 
  for example , i do n't even know the difference between rugby and american football, 
  pe amazon.de l-am gasit la 85 $ , dar dupa transport , schimb la cursul oferit de amazon , m-ar costa 460 ron . 
  in ce comuna ? 
  pls , asl, 
  nothing in craiova . 
  laptop second hand , nu uita . 
  bravo , ti-ai luat o chinazarie rebranduita . 
  so ... nevasta-sa e asiatica ? 
  just asking ... 
  false advertising dude . 
  draga europule ... 
  si care e mai lejer domeniu ? 
  pe amazon.de e 99 euro paperwhite-ul . 
  yep , cloudflare . 
  tehnic cu marketing/sales sau management ) . 
  i 've seen worse ... 
  ofc , ofc . 
   so i did the math, 
  the math is strong in this one . 
   asa si ? 
  npc . 
  si-a crapat wordpressu ' , a crapat in baie cu ... 
  eu am 23 . 
  ce marketing budget au fraeery ... 
  good guy relu . 
  edit : si tigan ? 
  release candidate !, 
  pungi si sticle , boss , pungi si sticle ... 
  buy a orange sim card , with 12 eur you get 10gb . 
  i think it 's around 60 ron - 14 eur ( already with 12 eur ) . 
  thx . 
  new !, 
  asl pls,
