random oral exams sucked !, 
  seems like our school systems were quite simillar . 
  i had one teacher who would draw students using dices and it was extremely stressfull . 
  in my own experience cheating was both giving and taking . 
  sometimes other people saved my ass and sometimes it was me giving answers , depending on the subject . 
  in middle school i was particularly lucky as it somehow always happened that me and my desk partner could help each other during the tests and fill each others gaps . 
  some teachers were strict and would punish for cheating . 
  some would basically encourage us to do it . 
  however , no cheating was ever tolerated at official , school-leaving exams . 
  we have big inferiority complex . 
  when some video of polish people behaving stupidly surfaces there is always loads of comments like `` only poles can be that dumb and rude '' , which is total bullshit . 
  on the other hand some people belive that we are a better nation than others ( for no particular reason ) . 
  you can find men being angry at polish women having relationships with foreigners ( especially if those foreigners are not white ) . 
  nationalism itself might become a problem in poland , which i think is a result of frustration from low wages ( compared to western europe ) and not too many opportunities . 
  and also we are obsessed to know what other nations think of poland . 
  if a foreign celebrity or politician makes a comment about poles or poland its going to be reported all over polish web . 
  lastly , catholic church still has a suprisingly big influence in poland . 
  recently , for example , a women carrying an extremely disabled child was denied abortion by a doctor because of his catholic beliefs . 
  now the child will be born and will likely die within two months while being in pain . 
  personally i really like the pies ( like steak pie ) and [ traditional desserts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_british_desserts ) are nice as well . 
  also hamburgers , although not strictly traditional , can be very tasty . 
  ( i mean high-quality ones ) . 
  i never had a high-quality hamburger before visiting the uk . 
  it 's really intersting to read , as in some regions of poland we have kutia for christmas ( but never for easter ), 
  this is so right . 
  i had at least 2 hours of pe every week ( 3 hours for two years ) and i never actually learned something useful . 
  we did 60 and 800m runs ( with no preparation whatsoever ) twice in a year but we never were never encouraged to train for them or about correct foot strike . 
  i could never finish whole 800m and i thought that i will never be able do it . 
  now i can run 10km and it was suprisingly easy to get myself to do it , with right training which consisted of a mixing running with walking at first . 
  no teacher ever told me this method exists . 
  i wonder if they did n't know or just did n't care . 
  the way you picture it , it is like poland got invaded by nazis and then benevolent soviet union , acting in poland 's best interest , decided to save polish people . 
  and they did purely because of being compassionate and wanted to help . 
  but it was n't like this . 
  while they had defeated nazis , it has came at a huge cost . 
  they did n't ` sacrify ' those soldier lives just to help poland . 
  they were acting in their own political interests . 
  to start with red army attacked poland in september 1939 , just 16 days after nazi germany did . 
  have you ever heatd about katyn massacre ? 
  this makes being grateful a bit hard in poland . 
  there is no memory of victory and freedom of soviet liberalisation in poland . 
  there is memory of rapes and loss of independence for half of century . 
    so what you want to do , and the creator of this statue , is replace the memory of victory and freedom ( not complete freedom , but more significant than any in your history ) ' more significant than any in your history ' seriously wtf, 
  * tulips * bicycles * clogs * a country with lots of depressions ( as in geology ) and lots of land has been reclaimed from the sea, 
  * defenestration * krte\u010dek and poh\u00e1dky z mechu a kaprad\u00ed * beer * language similar to polish , possible for a pole and czech to communicate in their native languages . 
  krte\u010dek was ( still is ) my favourite old-school cartoon . 
  in poland sometimes we would get him shown during the bed-time tv shows . 
  thanks !, 
  could somebody make a print screen and post on imgur ? 
  it does n't work for me on any of my browsers . 
  it 's true , but at the same time savannajeff is also right . 
  there are many people i 've met abroad who immediately would tell me that they been to krakow when they learn that i 'm polish . 
  but when i ask more it 's actually the auschwitz that was the main reason of their school trip and so they do n't necessarily see the rest of krakow . 
  or they might see just the wawel castle ( in addition to seeing auschwitz ) and that 's it . 
  oh , i know it 's certainly not easy . 
  just the names of the monsters were probably a headache for the translator . 
  however it feels like they did n't really try . 
  it sounds like it was translated by a person without a perfect grip of english . 
  while the translation is perhaps ` correct ' , it kind of lacks the flow and the spirit of the book . 
  some parts were translated too literally , i think , and as a result the language feels somehow unnatural . 
  there is the new translator for the series starting from the `` time of contempt '' though , and i like him better than the previous one . 
  it is a real shame how slowly the witcher is being translated into english . 
  now , if the quality of translation was outstanding than it would be understandable ... but it 's not really that good . 
  * flag is maroon and white * has access to the baltic sea * used to be part of soviet union in the past , now part of the european union * somehow become an object of ` latvian potatoe jokes ', 
  i like polish , but that 's because i am native speaker . 
  and because i am a native speaker i ` get it ' on the whole different level than english or any other language . 
  this is particularly great feeling when reading poetry . 
  i also like german . 
  many people say that it sounds too harsh and unpleasant . 
  but it is also very powerful language , very ` strong ' . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  for some reason i ca n't reply directly to your answer . 
  what does it mean ? 
  basically some of the greek people believe that the macedonia has no right to use the image of [ vergina sun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vergina_sun ) on their flag ( the flag has been changed now ) . 
  also that they have no right to use the name macedonia as the name of their country . 
  it 's complicated , best see the wikipedia link that vegapunk99 has posted . 
  * flag is blue and white , with a cross in one corner * dominating religion seems to be orthodox christianity ( just my observation ) * nice food : great selection of various cheeses and yogurts . 
  * had a conflict with macedonia about the macedonian flag . 
  * loads of historic sites and museums * they use euro as currency, 
  you might also consider flying instead of trains . 
  ryanair and wizzair sometimes have insanely good deals . 
  if there is a month or more before your trip there might be some cheap tickets still left . 
  flag is white , red and green . 
  the only country in europe that still uses capital punishment . 
  the president lukashenko has three sons , the youngest one is used as a mascot . 
  hugarian language is in the same group as finnish language . 
  we poles are buddies with hungarians . 
  and there is this huge lake in hungary , [ the balaton ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_balaton ), 
  look , i am well-aware of how animals ( of all kinds ) are treated in poland . 
  but the only solution to change it is by doing things step by step . 
  it is impossible to change all at once . 
  in my opinion the progress is not fast enough , but it * is * happening . 
  i think that we need harsher penalties for animal cruelty and more education , but i am not the one making law . 
  i am definitely against it . 
  animals in poland are protected by law which states that animals should only be slaughtered with minimal physical and mental slaughtering . 
  i am not naive and i know that this law is not exactly respected . 
  but i do n't think that allowing ritual slaughter is a step in the right direction . 
  rather the opposite . 
  hopefully such this practice will be banned in poland as well one day ( but probably not too soon , also for economical reasons ) . 
  they are [ new solutions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slaughterhouse#design ) that can prevent other animals from seeing , at least up to some degree , btw .
