  i was n't aware of that . 
  nobody would appreciate that , not just the turks . 
  i had a chuckle at ireland . 
  scandinavian english is * way * beyond what you will find in austria . 
  i , in turn , was surprised it was so high . 
  i know quite a bunch of university students even who could n't hold a proper conversation in english , beyond asking for directions and ordering a beer anyway ( yes , i 'm still shocked myself about that discovery ) . 
  most people ca n't be bothered to learn the language beyond what they are forced to learn in school , and they quickly forget most of that , too . 
   serious question , do turks marry outside of their cultural/ethnic groups ? 
  rarely , but such couples do exist . 
  more often than not , the main hindrance is religion , though . 
  most germans nowadays are atheists , or agnostic at best . 
  does n't mix well with an ethnicity where a large chunk are more-or-less faithful muslims . 
   except the fact that germany has written a debt break into their constitution and forced every eurozone country to do the same ... ? 
  i hope this is a joke . 
  they actually went through with that ? 
  i 'm sorry , i actually must have missed the conclusion of that debate . 
  it still seems to like all national policies that have been proposed or implemented in recent years were just about throwing money at the electorate . 
  what a bunch of hypocrites . 
  i would n't be surprised if when the year comes around when the new debt break actually has to be adhered to , all parties coalesce to abolish that rule again . 
  they are too used to effectively buy their votes for the for the following election . 
   what the conversation reveals is that what is at stake is whether you overheat your economy or not , not whether you have a fiscal surplus or not . 
  of course monetary policies are primarily a tool to control the market . 
  however , for us lesser nations , who are n't issuing the american dollar , there 's also a very real concern about `` will anyone lend us enough money to keep going ? '' . 
  although that is an issue which as been majestically overblown since the crisis - markets and creditors are still fairly confident about the euro i do believe - no doubt . 
  i was n't intending to argue with you about how poorly everything has been handled , either . 
  with my initial comment i was just poking fun at you for that simple black-and-white construction of `` everything germany does is stoopid '' , as if there was a clear consensus on that and merkel was just an angry child with dictatorial powers , going against everything everyone else is saying on the continent . 
  she did have support from other countries - italy and france for once ( well , when sarkozy was in charge she had support ) . 
  and there are economists in support of austerity measures ( not so many for ramping up our exports even further , but bleh . 
  `` never change a running system '' seems to be reasoning there ) . 
   what about war ? 
  should work , though . 
   economy did not collapse , employment did . 
  old people work till their death , and are replaced by robots . 
  a very important point to make . 
  italy is still going strong as an economy . 
  this just shows how skewed everyone 's perception is . 
  it 's been drilled into peoples heads that wealth can only be created when everyone is serving their 40-hour work week . 
  italy is still in the ** top ten ** countries world wide going by their gdp , yet half of their youth ca n't find employment . 
  we 're experiencing some kind of singularity of productivity . 
  i went through half that thread now and still ca n't see how it relates to what i said . 
  there is no consensus on how  hard currency , with exports and with fiscal surpluses would make `` little sense '' , there are conflicting opinions whenever i dare to read up on the subject . 
  not to mention that thread you linked is exclusively about the us , which is in the luxurious position of issuing the single most important currency on the planet , and has much grander wiggling space when it comes to their monetary policies . 
  also there certainly is n't much support for gaining a `` fiscal surplus '' in germany , popular or otherwise . 
  any surpluses in recent years have been accidental at best , and as soon as politicians notice there 's extra money in the bank they ramp the spending until we are comfortably and steadily increasing our debt like any other sane nation . 
  although i certainly do i agree about the excessive exporting being unnecessary at best and causing major damage at worst . 
  it seems people feel about being `` export world champion '' as winning a game of some sort . 
  i agree , but ...  prioritising long term strategy based on popular consensus and not national level political interests is effectively an oxymoron . 
  people are n't even interested in what happens on a supernational level at this date . 
   `` common sense '' sometimes is common but not sense . 
  for example , the german obsession with hard currency , with exports and with fiscal surpluses . 
  they make little sense from an economic perspective but people love them because they sound reasonable to the lay-person . 
  so all economic experts preach to avoid paying your debts and the common man enjoys to have his pensions and pay cut for the greater good ? 
  now , that 's a refreshing take on things . 
   this could have been solved by spending the money on those projects so that they can hire people . 
  this might at this day solve unemployment in the wealthy north , but to come back to the article this thread is about : what when half a generation ca n't find a job ? 
  i ca n't imagine how the government in italy could find meaningful work for everyone by pumping money into social projects and the like . 
   work fewer hours ? 
  that seems like a better solution for everyone than having half of everyone doing nothing and getting paid just to keep breathing . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'd rather have those who are more capable do more paid work , the rest can find meaning in other things . 
  there are plenty of meaningful things to do which are n't paid , many projects to volunteer for . 
  this would need a major shift in how people perceive themselves and their place in society , but i do believe such a change is very possible . 
  enforcing fewer work hours for everyone would also be an option , of course . 
  but we need to do * something * along these lines . 
   people need some goals , some way to contribute to society and something the society can reward them for . 
  does n't need to entail paid employment imo . 
   then there will always be income inequality , so ? 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  basic income in specific would n't work without income equality , otherwise people would n't even take up those jobs that are still available . 
  you might be getting at the condescending attitude society shows against the unemployed , and i agree that this needs to change . 
  but providing people with the means to live a dignified life without any strings attached would go a long way to achieving just that . 
   on what do you base that argument on ? 
  the ever-increasing availability and effectiveness of automation . 
  there 's only so much service-personnel we need , what 's the rest supposed to do ? 
  the only other options i see , in the long run anyway , would be to send everyone into retirement earlier or forcibly reduce the working hours of everyone . 
  i 'd rather make work optional altogether instead , so talented busybodies can keep working if they want to . 
  the practicability of a basic income * might * be limited at this moment , but i predict its time will arrive soon enough . 
  before civil wars break out over generations who feel they do n't have a future , i hope . 
  -  / r/basicincome imo there wo n't be enough paid work for everyone again . 
  ever . 
  does n't matter what we do . 
   the anglo-saxon model which entails what , exactly ? 
  personally i do n't see a lot of parallels between how the uk or the us are doing things , but maybe i 'm just being ignorant . 
  few politicians ever actually put some real thought into what one could change about the eu , more often than not it 's all just buzzwords thrown around to impress their national electorate , who for one reason or another are unhappy with some of brussels ' decision-making . 
  wut , shit , i did n't know that . 
  i was considering studying in glasgow , but saw the tuition fees and noped out right away . 
  did n't know those do n't apply for us continentals . 
  ah , well , maybe for my postgrad . 
  that 's more of an issue for romania and hungary than for the `` they took r jrbs '' crowd , though . 
  i 'm not trying to be dismissive of greek intellectuals ( i 've been taught some chemistry by a greek professor myself ) , just for the sake of my argument being complete i wanted to pronounce how saving money on education is just as counterproductive as cutting deep into health care spending if you 're trying to increase the long-term productivity of a country . 
  my argument still stands , for those who left and maybe other people beyond to settle in the poorer parts of the continent again ( a category which greece now definitely falls into ) and consequently stop the brain-drain , there needs to be good health care and education as a minimum . 
  the eu has similar projects going in many other countries . 
  the basic reasoning behind this is sound , it 's supposed to lay the basis for modern industry to settle down . 
  what the people behind these projects are forgetting is that you also need qualified scientists and engineers to attract industry - which is exactly the point i 'm trying to make , those people wo n't come without good healthcare , and the regions wo n't be able to train their own engineers without good educational institutions . 
  just plastering the landscape with motorways without additional measures really seems like wasted money . 
  it will just make it easier for people to leave and never come back beyond visiting their relatives . 
  the problem , if you made that argument , would be that germany was already back in power at the time and could n't have made those annexations and anschlusses in the first place if it was n't , contrary to the assumption made by op . 
  `` that 's it , kids !, 
  as easy as one-two-three . 
  now please get in line to receive your free kalashnikov ! '',
