  ( i imagine it 's somewhere north of greece , as i remember that 's where sofia was in medieval ii ... ) now i am a bit ashamed of myself . 
  their government has to let out all those sweet oil savings at * some * point ... 
  as so often there are going to be regional and personal differences , but i 've shared beds in a non-sexual way even with friends ' friends and good acquaintances , opposite and same gender , multiple people at once and only me +1 , so i 'd say no , not strange . 
  i 'd probably find it more strange if people were queasy about it , unless it 's a one-on-one opposite gender thing with a not-close friend , but i even had * that * situation already , with a very conservative no-sex-before-marriage girl no less . 
  personally when i 'm the host i usually offer my bed and then sleep on the floor myself , though , unless the guest is insisting that we at least share the bed . 
  ^ ( cue other germans calling me out about being weird and only hanging with strange people ), 
  not myself , but examples in germany are [ saterland frisian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlw15p88by ) , sorbian ( somewhere between czech and polish i guess ? ), 
  and north frisian , which are all only spoken in a couple of small towns . 
  although , regarding your parents : `` an hour apart '' is quite a distance in europe - i do believe it 's not unusual at all for europeans to have major communication problems when going an hour in a random direction ; except maybe for those living in a country with a very strong and widespread standard language ( i 'm looking at you , france . 
  although i hear even you have your pockets of `` what the fuck are they even saying '' ) . 
  in much of the blue banana you 'd have a good chance of ending up with a foreign language rather than merely a distant dialect anyway . 
  same here . 
  you 're right , in reality those rich foreigners are coming to the uk for the low living costs , the nice weather and the friendly people . 
  i must admit i had n't though of that , that might be true indeed . 
  germany is a prime target for human traffickers as most sex slaves apparently are brought in from the poorest parts of eastern and south-eastern europe , and germany is ( apart from small austria ) the closest rich country to make money off them . 
  prostitution had been liberalized before we had open borders to the east , who knows what the situation would be like if prostitution laws were different . 
  i 'd just like to toss in the ruhr area here . 
  not a city per se , but a dense metropolitan area comprised of multiple mid-sized cities practically grown into each other , with a combined population larger than berlin . 
  if they had a combined political voice they 'd probably have a lot of influence in the country . 
   finland , sweden , denmark , and germany [ fuck yeah !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/flag_de_ewirmer.svg ), 
  that 's exactly what we 're doing and it works kinda decently . 
  clients occasionally rat out brothels who would force their prostitutes to do the act , nobody in his right mind would tip off the police if it would get him imprisoned . 
  human trafficking still is n't dying down apparently though , it seems the people pulling the strings just rarely get caught . 
  it would actually be really cool to have a cracked lenin head somewhere between the petunias . 
  i want this . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but the european union is n't just a principle or an idea , it 's an actual political entity . 
  those protesters who were waving an european flag could have chosen any other symbol of freedom , liberty or democracy , of which there are hundreds , but they chose the golden circle of stars on a blue background with its very specific meaning , which goes way beyond `` freedom from oppression '' . 
  i can assure you * all * human beings are prone to corruption , it 's in our genes to look out for ourselves and those who are close to us . 
  there might be some cultural predisposition at times , but by and large , widespread corruption is a systemic failure . 
  sorry , but i really just ca n't connect the dots from `` polish partisans '' to `` dying for the european union '' . 
  reading my prior post again it did seem as `` perfectly '' could imply a higher mastery of the language beyond mere fluidity - as what ashtonj implied . 
  i would n't call it fluent when people constantly interject words of their own language whenever they ca n't come up with the proper term , something i know many english-speaking germans especially are guilty of . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i often feel ashamed for all the terrible english we throw around , and to be honest , my own ( spoken ) english is also pretty terrible . 
  it was n't called charlie p 's i think , but it was some a first district irish pub . 
  the barkeepers did n't speak english with anyone else though ( not that i noticed ) , and as i said , she * definitely * had a local accent . 
  do n't mind everyone whispering when you enter the room , we ... err ... also do it when you are n't there ... yeah , that 's it !, 
  fluidity does n't necessarily include speaking the language well , it 's just about being able to make yourself understood in `` real-time '' . 
  ah , well , i suppose you 're criticizing my usage of the adverb `` perfectly '' . 
  guess i was exaggerating a bit . 
  young swedes who are n't already perfectly fluent in english are hard to find these days . 
  one of the weirder things that happened to me was when i ordered a beer at some pub in vienna , in flawless first-language german with my slight bavarian accent , and the barkeeper told me the price in english . 
  with a viennese accent . 
  she obviously was a local . 
  a similar thing happened at the airport in zurich , when i asked some security guy if i could take the lighter on the plane that i forgot to stow in my suitcase . 
  he also answered in english , although he spoke german with everyone else . 
  something about the way i speak must give off the impression that i 'm really struggling with german . 
  depends on their profession - in many businesses , especially international it corporations and r&d firms of any sort , it 's become standard to speak english at the workplace anywhere on the continent . 
  sometimes even when ( almost ) all employees are natives . 
  that 's how widespread the language is at this point . 
  naah , not quite . 
  there are old people who know some german because they worked there during the wirtschaftswunder but moved back to italy . 
  double-take on your flair and comment ... 
  sweden and estonia ? 
  see here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1xcrgn/swiss_voters_to_decide_whether_to_abandon_eu_free/cfa7lss, 
  naaah , that 's only a swiss thing . 
  the rest of us just vote for political puppets to do all the hard thinking for us . 
  i think americans are a tad less racist against slavs , which might be a factor . 
  also maybe people want to move to a sunnier place ; getting work in spain , italy or greece is n't much of an option at this point , and neither germany nor the uk are known for their mild and pleasant climate . 
  it 's normal for people from other cultures to not see the nuances of foreign people 's heritage - like being italo-american in this instance . 
  i guess it 's been a shock to you as you 've only had the confrontation as an adult , many of us in the old world grow up with that kind of stuff . 
  for example , personally , as an alpine bavarian i feel more at home anywhere in the alps - pretty much independent of the nation or language - than in the lower parts of germany . 
  yet i 'm just `` a german '' anywhere else in the world . 
  i 'm afraid you 'll have to get used to just being `` an american '' over here . 
  people wo n't understand the specifics of being of italian heritage ; and to be fair , culturally you are * probably * indeed more american than italian . 
  but maybe you could go to italy yourself and find out . 
  getting to feel at home as an expat is usually hard work , as people will tend to assume you 're just another foreigner when they first meet you . 
  most people wo n't ever understand how you could possibly call any other place `` home '' than the one you were born in . 
  i 've been there myself . 
  that 's lobbyism , not corruption in the narrower sense . 
  corruption is when a police officer forgets to ticket you if you happen to slip a 50 $ bill in his jacket . 
  or when the city senate decides to plan a new settlement on their best buddies ' farmland , even though the area is fairly unsuitable . 
  that stuff is rampant in much of europe , but thankfully rare in germany . 
  i doubt that in your examples the decision makers profited so directly , they just listened to whoever marketed themselves the best or shouted the loudest . 
   that 's not much , you pay almost as much as we do but you earn 3 times as more than we do . 
  that 's what we say to the swiss . 
  hmm ... 12 mph , space for two people , leather benches , hands-free driving ... yep , sounds like the perfect sex cabin . 
  yeah , i kept clicking the link and closing the tab as i thought i was somehow getting routed to the wrong website . 
  i think it 's a [ chamois ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chamois ) , we have those in the alps , too . 
  it 's unusual to depict female ibexes with their puny horns compared to the male ones , but i might be wrong . 
  careful , next thing you know germany will want * all * of former prussia back . 
  also , as far as i know my fellow germans , they 'd much rather fabricate a reason to annex mallorca than taking back k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  people usually half-willingly live in such shabby conditions as they want to save up money to send back to their relatives in the old country and/or to open a small business here in the first world . 
  even if they made their living scrubbing toilets or something , if they would spend the money all on themselves , as the average brit would , they probably could afford better housing . 
  an extremely stingy local population also helps . 
  bohemia interactive , * go !, 
  going by that list , if i had to pick one of your favourites i 'd recommend zurich . 
  little ( or no ? ), 
  censorship , good press ( the [ neue z\u00fcrcher zeitung ] ( http://www.nzz.ch/ ) is one of the most renowned newspapers in the german speaking countries ) , comparatively low taxes , and probably the best public transport system on the planet ( if you do n't count city states like singapore ) . 
  the downside is that your french wo n't get you very far , as zurich is predominantly german-speaking . 
  and most locals communicate in a dialect that is entirely unintelligible to those who only understand standard german . 
  i do n't know how well people speak english there, 
  i 'd like to add that getting into the nhs in austria should n't be much of a problem if you 're a citizen of the eu ; in theory , anyway . 
  when i lived in vienna many people even told me i 'd be eligible for unemployment benefits as a eu citizen , though i never applied for those myself . 
  the place can be pretty hostile towards foreigners , i agree , but at least in the capital it 's not * that * bad , people there are used to foreigners . 
  though when i registered for immigration i had to wait for half a day in a stuffy , windowless room cramped with other people , so that was n't such a great welcome ... 
  well , you could take [ the bus ] ( http://www.eurolines.com ) . 
  it 's fairly cheap and you can go any day you want . 
  you 'd be looking at a 20 hour journey though . 
  flensburg to london costs close to a hundred quid it seems .
