rules of acquisition : war is good for business peace is good for business, 
  i agree . 
  nations can give advice about what they believe would be in the best interest of their state , and hope that their allies interests are the same . 
  that ' s the point of being a sovereign nation , reference our u.s. preamble to the constitution . 
  or just wait until our next potus is elected , does n't matter which one , and spring allegations of defamation of character on our beloved `` great leader '' anytime somebody makes a hurtful comment or has a dissenting opinion . 
  we must all think the same , resistance is futile , your culture will adapt to serve our needs ... . 
  i wonder what the statute of limitations is for this law in regards to a former disliked president of the usa ? 
  i have enjoyed both my trips to europe , specifically the netherlands and belgium . 
  i have a good friend that 's from the netherlands . 
  she was an exchange student in my very small southeast texas high school . 
  i loved the public transportation system and biking around the small towns . 
  i honestly felt like i was biking in a bucolic painting when i was traveling from gouda to oudewater . 
  i think i loved visiting the small towns the most . 
  one thing that sticks out in my mind is how much detail the dutch put into their homes and ... really everything . 
  all the houses seemed to have brightly colored shutters and scalloped trimmings . 
  the yards had loads of flowers and little figurines . 
  everything just looked cute !, 
  as i mentioned before , i 'm from a small town so i guess i can relate to places that kind of feel like home . 
  from my perspective , my trip to amsterdam felt only a little more foreign than my trip to san francisco . 
  most of the people were kind and polite . 
  not overly friendly like i 'm used to here , but very respectful and helpful when i ask a question . 
  however , i did have a few instances of where people treated me less than i had hoped because i was texan and/or american . 
  for instance , i had to ask a fellow train passenger what stop was next while traveling from ghent back to gouda . 
  he asked where i was from and then preceded to tell me that `` the us is too capitalistic blah blah blah , too many flags yadda yadda yadda , no welfare ... '' . 
  it was almost as if he had prepared a speech in hopes of one day unloading it to a random stranger . 
  anyway , i do n't have an aggressive personality , and my momma raised me right , so i causally changed the conversation to something about food and beer . 
  i finally found out that i do n't have to change trains in antwerp , beautiful train station btw . 
  i 've spent a total of 2 weeks in the netherlands and belgium and have had a total of 4 aggressive type encounters , 5 if you were to count 4 teenagers yelling `` bruin nederlands '' at passersby at one of the small train stations in gouda , goverwelle , i think . 
  that last one was n't directed at me personally , but i made sure to not speak one damn word until i was well away from that area . 
  as for the eu , if the goal is to federalize it does n't seem to be unifying the majority of the populations very well . 
  in a way i hope the eu would federalize that way the usa will leave the military bases it has over there . 
  a new rich nation with a higher gdp and larger population than us can then defend its citizens and business interests . 
  i was looking up the differences and apparently what you would call a klobasnek we call kolaches ( i always have mine with jalape\u00f1os and sausage ) . 
  we have the fruit filled ones too . 
  we also call those kolaches . 
  i like the peach ones . 
  i guess kolache is just an easier word for us to say so we just called both food items the same name . 
  there are about a 100 czech settlements in here in central texas . 
  thanks for giving us kolaches !, 
  lol !!, 
  i hear that walmart is changing the fall 2016 formal camouflage line . 
  this should cause a big uproar when the new season hits shelves in a couple of weeks . 
  classy but always slightly drunk or totally wasted and destroys things completely by accident . 
  is she a crustacean from the [ paleozoic era that needs `` about tree fiddy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8ihpc-dgky ) '' ? 
  any ideas on what british godzilla would look like ? 
  i 'm thinking about a monster that has whatever accent the main character from the british show , red dwarf has . 
  it would be like he 's trying to say scary and threatening things but you 'll only catch every 5th word . 
  the rest of the words have been mutilated . 
  get the rosetta stone dutch software . 
  i 've got a few friends i will visit every couple of years in the netherlands and i 've practiced speaking with them while i was there . 
  apparently , trying to speak dutch with an american `` southern '' accent is hilarious . 
  the way we say our `` r '' really stands out to them . 
  the `` g '' becomes fun to say after a while . 
  although , i 'm convinced that if a dutch person gets strep throat or tonsillitis they truly ca n't speak anymore . 
  i do n't know about . 
  it would do a lot of our communities good to see a woman that 's a muslim not wearing a hijab , eating a blt , and drinking a local craft beer . 
  people are scared that the only muslims that exist are the ones that want to isolate themselves from everyone else . 
  it 's hard to find a commonality with a group when you feel like everything you do is something they do n't want to be apart of . 
  people feel like they are only here for money , like they do n't want to be our neighbors . 
  in a lot of ways it 's like a relationship , it 's work . 
  you ca n't isolate and live a separate life without your partner beginning to think that maybe this relationship is not working . 
  it 's going to have to be deeper than just a roommate situation , roommates are never permanent . 
  it 's weird to see my state used as a false metric . 
  i would n't call it abuse . 
  just a realization that i do stick out there because of how i speak , so i felt it best to avoid those situations and notice my surroundings more . 
  if someone was wanting to take their frustrations out about the us it would be very easy to do it on the lone traveler in a less touristy city than yelling at a group of tourist in a large metro . 
  i think two weeks away from home was too much . 
  i do n't think i 'm meant to be jetsetter . 
  i did n't like feeling uncomfortable and the thought of how much i just spent to feel uncomfortable really pisses me off . 
  i 'm buying a jet-ski next year and going to the lake for my vacation next year . 
  i was riding along the outside of the city around the polders narrating while my gopro was filming . 
  i was commenting about the farm houses have little moats around them when the boys started yelling . 
  i 'm from the south and have a somewhat thick accent . 
  i can only speak and understand simple phrases and words in dutch . 
  these boys were around 14-16ish and were moroccan according to my friends . 
  just being boys , but it put me on edge and i never felt comfortable talking aloud during the rest of the trip . 
  ghent , belgium and hamburg , germany . 
  i have dutch friends that i usually stay with in gouda and i take overnight trips to other places when i visit . 
  even in gouda this year i was riding a bike around and had a group of boys start yelling `` bruin nederlands '' when i passed them . 
  this year was odd . 
  i 've been vacationing to western europe for the past 4 years now . 
  i just got back from my last vacation a couple of weeks ago . 
  this is the first time i 've ever came back regretting my trip . 
  i had about 3 or 4 people feel like that had to inform me of the us 's mistakes and how i should feel about those mistakes last year , but this year ... it seemed almost daily . 
  do you think it is increasing due to all the politics ? 
  are everybody 's nerves fried and people just on edge ? 
  or , did i just not noticed this because of i was pretty new to international traveling ? 
  to paraphrase george w. bush , `` your either with us , or against us '' . 
  i wonder what british food items will be renamed . 
  sort of how we did when we renamed french fries to freedom fries . 
  if you piss us off we will replace your country name with the word `` freedom '' . 
  what would be the eu replacement word for british ? 
  mortal kombat or pokemon ? 
  variety is the spice of life , i agree . 
   people assume they know things or have some place figured out yep , getting called dumb or racist because of my accent gets old real quick . 
  i agree , there 's always a bit of truth to media , so y' all tend to have the advantage coming over for a visit to the us . 
  for better or worse hollywood is a powerhouse for marketing and exposure . 
  it 's just that the tropes are usually leveled up to the nth degree . 
  i 've watched some british shows ( absolutely fabulous , are you being served ? , the vicar of dibley ) and i hope my vacation to england lives up to expectation about life in england based on those shows . 
  ok , thanks for the info .
