  you realise that turkey is in nato ? 
  you want to sanction your own ally ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  who would 've fucking thought that turkey will be able to shake europe i mean you could expect that from the germans , and merkel confirmed that, 
  it was only a matter of time , no surprise it 's just the sad process of putting communism with its corruption and demoralization behind, 
  some could also say ostr\u00f3w lednicki , where the baptism of mieszko took place ( allegedly ), 
  quisling oil used to be extremely racist ( and probably still is but less ) fjords well organised country with low corruption and a good economy norwegian salmon, 
  good . 
  right wing has been building it 's civil society for the past 25 years . 
  and now they finally have their victory maybe in some 12 years social liberals will get their own xd, 
  how do you say uk ? 
  ( not gb ), 
  gb - wielka brytania uk - zjednoczone kr\u00f3lestwo the latter is used by people who have a wider both vocabulary and respect for their language, 
  but da vinci definitely did n't live during times of radical egalitarianism that is followed by radical democratism , which makes people think that democracy is the end of history . 
  china and singapore prove us wrong i guess ( although i do n't like their social norms ), 
  yeah , self-censoring press is definitely not a threat to freedom in germany btw . 
  historically the germans tend to create oppressive states , so i guess self-censoring press is just another mutation of this tendency, 
  russia is a fake country . 
  there 's no such thing as russia , there 's only moscow and the territories it tries to conquer, 
  this is an example of a democratic , egalitarian , modern art https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artist's_shit i think in a hundred years it will get ahead of da vinci for sure xd, 
  in theory you 're right , but in practice people can be easily manipulated by the educated elite and fooled so that they think they actually have influence in politics xd and this is especially true for nations where respect for higher authority is very deeply rooted . 
  just look at germany now - they have a radically limited freedom of speech with self-censoring press , although you would think they are an example of democracy, 
  a great counterargument, 
  first of all i do n't know whether such thing as `` germany '' exists , because i suppose that bavaria is much different from former prussia in which the need for conquest played a significant role and it was openly stated by alte fritz . 
  prussia dominated and shaped the german state and from what i know bavaria did n't even want to unite with northern german states and it supported austria anyway they seem to have troubles with conducting common sense politics and this is what pushed them to violence in history . 
  and now they want to compete with france and britain in being tolerant and likeable so much , that they cause a migrant crisis in europe and even in their own state xd no other european country has produced so many sorcerers that are considered philosophers , that are not even understood by their countrymen :d this tells you a little about how irrational the germans can become on the other hand you have to give it to them that they have contributed to science immensely and they can organise an economy very well , although i think it is over industrialised and if a decrease in demand for industrial goods hits germany , they will have a hard time coming back, 
  you have to really admire them , as they are trying so hard that it makes the whole situation quite funny :d joanna berendt worked/works for gazeta.pl i guess there 's nothing you can really do to propagandists , you just have to wait till people see that there 's more freedom of speech in poland than in socio-liberal newspapers and that democracy is n't under threat btw . 
  i do n't understand , why is it that a state should be democratic ? 
  why ca n't a state be a monarchy with limited voting rights ? 
  why should everybody take part in politics ? 
  the greatest artistic achievements of europe took place when europe was non-democratic or at least when democracy was limited, 
  slogans do n't make up for addressing the actual topic , you know, 
  maybe in advance we should completely cut off their access to financial markets , because they are not like greece `` yet '', 
  they have clearly stated that it is mainly because of political changes in the country we just need to wait until everybody gets used to the fact that there is no threat to democracy in poland the decision in itself is disgraceful . 
  there is no difference in terms of economic performance or state finances from the previous government . 
  this just shows how strong foreign propaganda can be in the short run, 
  britain does n't appear too often as a topic of discussion in poland , except for some never ending remarks about ' 39 . 
  on the other hand some associate you with thatcher - this is why many actually like you :d my point is that we do n't know exactly what we can expect from you , because since the xviiith century britain has had many stances towards poland . 
  you both have ignored us or wanted to ally with us ( same goes for france ) . 
  people like corbyn or hitchens essentially say you have no interests here , but i feel like ever since germany has emerged you pay more attention to our region . 
  and finally you had failed to be a credible counterbalance to the ger-rus alliance , until the usa stepped in ( no , this is not supposed to be an intro to a detailed discussion about ww2 history :p ) meanwhile the americans seem to be quite consistent . 
  they 've neutralized germany , played a key role in defeating the su and expanded nato . 
  now they 're trying to forge a strategic partnership with romania . 
  we 'll see how it works out, 
   eu had to start taking its own defense and security seriously since the xviiith century poland constantly finds itself in a situation where it has no credible ally on the continent if the usa goes away , there is still risk that germany , possibly with the help of france , will once again open the gates for russia . 
  you already have people from afd and pegida saying that german-russian relations brought a lot of good to both sides , and they will most likely gain more popularity because of the opportunism and incompetence of merkel . 
  not to mention idiots like sarkozy or le pen in france this still a very distant future , but in the long run the usa is really the only ally we have , sadly, 
  i know, 
  what an idiot . 
  do you really want to trigger the germans ? 
  taking in ex-communist states was a mistake, 
  all marxists with their class struggle language and materialist monocausal explanations are freaky and cranky . 
  they would ruin spain even more than zapatero and the euro . 
  whether iran made deals with them is a secondary issue , but this could ( we do n't know if it is true ) only prove my point that marxist lefties are just narrow minded bigots however i would approve a referendum on catalonian independence and i think podemos supports that . 
  spain must become a proper country , not the one that is held together by force btw . 
  did they also get money from russia ? 
  this is actually a good question, 
  it 's not about corruption , you have the same knowledge about polish affairs as those eu commissioners, 
  because poles are afraid of the size of their country and its geographic location , there 's no direction we can turn to really i would n't want a polexit as well , in general i like the idea of a united europe but from what i can see now , europe is too much internally divided for a true reconciliation to take place we are looking with high hopes at the emergence of china , 
  that was n't our foreign minister but our justice ( ? ), 
  minister, 
  the polish question is an oooold fucking question . 
  but at least some americans like us . 
  that can change too :p, 
  well , you had your chance and you blew it once again , you semi european . 
  do you honestly think that being in a better culture allows you to be disorderly and backwards ? 
  slavs and poles are known for being disorderly , they should n't be trusted . 
  imagine - if only a land like that was properly governed and organised by a better culture western media must help organise and enlighten poland , because clearly poles once again just do n't comply with the standards, 
  in this case i guess cutting off limbs of the africans is also something worth honoring ( irony ), 
  go read about what `` bor '' has failed to do , i do n't want to dive into an argument about that here you can leave this example out if you like to stay deluded . 
  but then you ca n't deny the fact that politicans have been secretly recorded , and the huge scale of this means a massive failure of the state, 
  i think they even widely collaborated with the nazis :d, 
  one government replaces the head of public media with his own people . 
  truly something worth discussing i bet pluralism in poland is bigger than anywhere else in europe media in spain or france differ only in secondary issues, 
  poland is not a failing democracy but was heading towards a failing state previous ruling party nearly dismembered our security system , so that we could n't even properly secure our president 's flight , then we could n't conduct a credible investigation and politicians of our previous government have been recorded by our secret services , because they were not controlled by anyone the country was in shambles , hopefully current government can reverse the atrophy of the state, 
  why would you even praise an oridnary prick that just wanted to conquer and enslave africa ? 
  and i do n't like this particular change and the cc is already swamped with cases that are years old, 
  if you think that restraining power of a constitutional court , by making it rule with a bigger majority is wrong , then fine , this is your opinion . 
  however saying that because they want the cc to rule with a 2/3rds majority ( not in all cases ) means that there is an antidemocratic coup , in my view is bullshit . 
  besides these judges ca n't be really forced to obey regular bills , because they 're supposed only to obey the constitution, 
  po elected its judges a little more than two weeks before the elections if you think that 's just , then you have a right to hold that opinion , but to say that turning around that decision is anti democratic and authoritarian is bullshit, 
  one of the main aims of a political party is to remain in power . 
  this is basic knowledge, 
  they have elected their 5 judges and they are sworn in . 
  the court 's chief however does n't allow 3 of them to rule and most likely will not obey the new bill , because he made remarks about that 2 . 
  it is fine to restrain judicial power , because judicial power can be abused as well as other powers . 
  just look at the polish `` lustration '' . 
  at least this is my personal opinion 3 . 
  to sum up - there 's nothing anti-democratic going on here , republicans have also made remarks about restraining the supreme court 's power after the gay marriage decision, 
  he did n't say he is against vegetarians and cyclists , this is just your poor propaganda . 
  he made a joke about the lefties, 
  the germans only really showed what the `` old '' europe thinks of the `` new '' europe , namely that they do n't trust it and think of it as some wild lands and savages . 
  which you can understand considering the fact that those countries have been independent only for around 25 years german media do n't even know what they 're furious at , because it is enough for them to hear from their like-minded colleagues from the polish media , to which the german got used , and they do n't even dare to take a moment and think whether those colleagues might be involved in a political conflict in poland , and may not speak the whole truth , or may exaggerate things what happened til now is this : 1 ) the president refused to swear in 3 judges elected by the previous parliament , because ... ( do n't want to go through it again ) . 
  currently there are 12 judges out of 15 that are allowed by the court 's chief to rule . 
  meanwhile in italy they have n't been able to elect 3 judges for 1.5 year 2 ) they have changed the heads of the state-owned media , which really is something unusual and almost totalitarian , and we know the previous ruling party was known for maintaining only objective , top-notch journalists if we neighboured france , the french media would write exactly the same things , jacques chirac also spoke of us with clear contempt . 
  this is just prejudice , lack of knowledge and deep historical distrust , at least towards poland , but i also do n't see what was so outrageous that orban did this disregard for our region dates back to at least xviiith century and you can see this clearly in the way in which voltaire described the plc , as primitives who justly have been stripped off of their own country , because they were so backwards . 
  you can read some more about that west-east division [ here ] ( http://thecharnelhouse.org/2010/09/06/a-comparison-of-larry-wolff%e2%80%99s-inventing-eastern-europe-and-richard-wortman%e2%80%99s-scenarios-of-power/ ) hopefully this can be turned around , because the german media really lost a lot of their credibility after what had happened in koeln, 
  law and justice is n't a radical party . 
  radical parties in poland are marginal it is a `` religious right '' kind of party , unlike e.g. 
  angela merkel is `` balkanizing '' germany when you bring lots of people that will poorly assimilate , because you let them to form migrant ghettos , this is very likely to lead to social conflicts , that 's what i mean .
