even a possible federation that has real democratic institutions which are responsible to the people and can be re-elected by the people would change the current bureaucratic monster do you think that the biggest continental states that have always been bureaucratic , despotic states are capable of creating a decentralised political system that would welcome activity of the citizenry ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  just look at the eu - right now it 's run by france and germany and it already is a monster, 
  you 're correct , but this is because people associate the west with prosperity and security , and i think the latter is something that the poles want the most , because they 're tired of history why do you think it was so easy for the communists to break a 10 milion solidarity movement ? 
  because they have properly scared people who have remembered the war and the uprising in warsaw, 
  oh , you 're talking about that enthusiasm for the eu ? 
  i think the reason is different - people are scared and they know that the eu brings stability so you can just go on with your own personal life and achieve anything . 
  when you live in a cemetery you long for safety, 
  and why do you think people in poland are the most ( or one of the most ) enthusiastic about the eu or the presence of the usa in europe ? 
  because they 're scared of their history and you can see that also in some other things . 
  poland is a one big cemetery , who the hell would n't feel uneasy with that ? 
  poland is in a politically unstable region . 
  poland itself is a safe country . 
  regarding poland the question always is `` how much time do we have left before another war '' ? 
  i mean you just do n't want to neighbor mentally ill people , do you ? 
  as for the rest of europe - southern states are in a deep economical crisis , finland as well , sweden is ... you know , the same for france , germany and the uk . 
  i think denmark is doing best right now out of all these countries, 
  opinion : dangerous power plays in the usa  the united states attorney general ( a.g. ) is the head of the united states department of justice those polish speaking fanatics can write anything, 
  i 'd get the hell out of europe to canada or australia . 
  right now there 's virtually no good place where you could go to . 
  maybe except denmark europe is a sick place, 
  european federalism would simply be a franco-german bureaucratic model of a monster state across europe , that would implode because of the conflicts and a sense of beating trated unfairly ( like the eurozone today ) they would just collect more and more money , have more and more debt , they would always find new problems to solve and in the end it would all go bankrupt ( like the eurozone today ), 
  uk is pretty much the same as italy : villain garibaldi conquered and looted southern italy and england conquered wales and scotland , and northern ireland is a remainder of the slaughter of ireland , but at least they were nicer to scotland and wales, 
  still i have n't seen any shocking evidence or any well described threat that hungary will become some militarist state that would be dangerous to its neighbours or something so far it has been only fear mongering and hysteria but nothing shocking or dangerous has been proven to have happened, 
   to bad poland apparently has an opt-out what makes you think so ? 
  this is just so boring i mean , what exactly happened in hungary ? 
  how the state of democracy is different from the one in spain , italy or france ? 
  has anybody given any exact reasons to be concerned with the rule of law in hungary ? 
  are there any clear examples of a state overreach ? 
  those people are just constantly referring to a single remark made by orban when he used the adjective `` illiberal '' but aside from that , what the hell is wrong with orban 's hungary ? 
   needing a note from judges iirc i think lack of supervision was one of the reasons why the constitutional court urged the parliament ( under the previous government ) to change the bill , no ? 
  i do n't have a strong opinion on this one some say that there should be a preliminary instead of an ex-post control done by the court but i do n't know what effect it would have on the effectiveness of the secret services and how quickly ss must be able to act . 
  i guess we 'll just have to see how it works in practice and if there will be a massive overreach of power , then hopefully the bill will be changed by a future government in the end if you want to have liberty , you must have citizenry and citizenry is not created solely by legal guarantees . 
  just look at holland - they have no citizenry anymore and this is why the police is knocking at their door , because somebody wrote on twitter things that are not approved by the commentariat and the professoriate . 
  and sadly , those who portray themselves as defenders of liberty , namely ngos , sometimes support leftie censorship laws , like the one on `` hate speech '', 
  wow , this is really terrible i hope poland can recover what is happening now in the polish media is a scandal . 
  hopefully polish tv stations will impose a real pluralism and real democracy , and will finally start to censor themselves , like every progressive media !, 
  you mean the russians ? 
  there are still towns in poland in which , by some miracle , there is a lutheran majority, 
  what about russia ? 
  they are just trying to divide the germans from the inside sadly , they have correctly recognized where the most sensitive issue lies today and are exploiting a genuine anger this is an old russian way of doing politics , but merkel has made it very easy for them, 
  this is white zapdos, 
  polish conquest of britain . 
  this is what happens when you fail to help your allies . 
  maybe at least the uk will become catholic again ? 
  oh and btw . 
  the brits may not be aware of it , but this immigration has very likely spared the previous government some protests or at least a drop in support , because people have been able to leave the country and get a well paid job ( compared to polish standards ) , and they 've also transfered money earned in britain to polish families . 
  conspiracy theories have appeared which said that this immigration is a deliberate action of the previous government in order to maintain support for them :d, 
  give brussels some 10 years more and then the fun will begin, 
  it 's incredible how one sided those articles in the german media are . 
  personally , just for the sake of making something interesting , outside the routine of bashing right wingers , i 'd ask the other side to give their opinions recently even a german political scientist in the 2nd biggest polish daily has written an article about how misguided german newspapers are, 
  i have a question to the croatians : your country had a period of nazi collaboration . 
  are your right wing parties associated with that nazi tradition ? 
  or do they make any positive historical remarks about people of those days ? 
  because in hungary jobbik seems to a descendant of the hungarian chauvinist/nazi movement ( they are openly antisemitic and fiercely nationalist ) i know nothing about croatian political scene , so just askin ', 
  you are supposed to be an artist , not a politician dude . 
  you are supposed to make movies or whatever this xixth century idea of an artist who transforms the world and creates agenda for a social and political change was truly disastrous for europe , especially for germany where poets and pseudo-philosophers completely brainwashed those poor people just what the hell makes you think that you 're supposed to be so politically involved ? 
  are the danes murdering somebody or what ? 
  in poland people generally tend do drink during fridays and saturdays, 
  are you trying to tell me that france or italy drink less alcohol than poland ? 
  even though they drink wine during dinner ? 
  germany was unable to restrain itself in its aggression and it paid for it in the form of occupation of their lands , which included their former ally soviet russia, 
  to say that international relations are hierarchical is a truism the fact that your country is big and is a world power does n't necessarily mean that you will want to eat all the countries around you . 
  you may try to , but you will fail miserably . 
  world powers also seek balance , so ulitmately it is not necessary for you to be a world power to defend yourself, 
  bismarck i believe is an exception in modern german history , because he knew how to restrain himself . 
  it was the kaiser who made machtpolitik prussia created a conquest state , that was supposed to impose german power on the continent . 
  this militarism failed twice . 
  now germany is globally associated with nazism and atrocities , and they have a deep sense of guilt . 
  was `` becoming stronger '' worth it ? 
  then i wonder how did you get a growth like that ? 
  did your productivity suddenly skyrocket , or have your wages been suppressed so hard that you 've become cost competetive ? 
  or have you had a miraculous multiplication of some innovative products that everybody wanted to have ? 
  your unemployment though is still way higher than the one of the czechs, 
  why does europe have to be a world power ? 
  is n't it enough that it will be able to defend its borders and develop its economy ? 
  europe is too divided to have a unified potential, 
  holy shit 2 questions : 1 ) how is your public debt doing 2 ) how is your private debt doing, 
  wow , this is some gigantic growth actually, 
  can these media get any dumber ? 
  asking tony blair about his opinion on brexit , when he is the symbol of the self serving , opportunist establishment , when he is the one who pushed the idea of a multicultural society ? 
  i 'd vote contrary to what tony blair says . 
  but britain - do n't do it this time . 
  you must listen to tb and stay in the eu :p, 
  it 's fake in a sense that it seeks to establish a country that is not internally integrated , eg by acquiring ukraine which culturally does n't resemble moscow , or at least its western part . 
  just what is common for both chechnya and moscow ? 
  lol russia is a fake country , based on the idea that moscow should collect ruthenian lands . 
  unless moscow realises that it 's a separate , ruthenian country and not some `` russia '' it will continue to act stupid, 
  he 's correct though . 
  unless russia collapses , crimea is lost, 
  if this pope continues to be a pussy then poland will have to elect its own pope, 
  this can be also seen as a sign of courtesy and respect . 
  look at how the british welcomed xi jinping . 
  iran is an important player and a big country, 
   for example by making the supreme court mostly powerless no wonder , because your country is already run by a one happy conglomerate that shares the same opinions , where there 's no pluralism anymore and judges agree with the establishment , so even if you curbed the power of your court , this would n't change a lot of things this is also why your state is threatening people that voice emotional opinions that are not accepted by the commentariat and the professoriate . 
  you 're lucky that the european bureaucrats have the same views on state and creating narrow borders for a discussion , so they wo n't touch you , even though they should . 
  denying this truth will make things only worse in the future, 
  will there be a debate about the netherlands in the ep ? 
  will the eu commissioners do something about it ? 
  the current ruling party thinks the previous parliament should have let the upcoming parliament elect new judges to the constitutional court ( the previous government elected them 17 days before the elections that gave the former opposition power ) the president refused to swear them in and now people are saying that this is putin 's russia right now the cc lacks 3 judges .
