  nevertheless the eu , based on nothing , decided to intervene in our inner affairs, 
  italy , do not betray the pope, 
  i believe there are `` incompetent '' journalists in putin 's russia as well, 
  i think it 's better when it 's written in the bill , if this brings accountability . 
  obviously i 'm not an expert on secret services and what are the standards in carrying out some operations , so i ca n't say what is an overreach and what 's not , i assume you are a secret service veteran . 
  and btw . 
  rights are not `` democratic '' , you can have rights even when there 's no democracy also , i 'm pointing out that describing this as a case for defending democracy is quite hypocritical , not necessarily of you, 
  in the case of britain i think it 's tony blair who started promoting this nonsense of multiculturalism so i guess britain should leave itself :p, 
  such a shame that those people did n't protest under the previous government , when secret services did the same things , but now they 're only being written in the bill bunch of hypocrites elevated by the jacobins from the bbc in order to stir up this ongoing hysteria, 
  and you 've heard that from your self-censoring media ? 
  ( a journalist from wdr has already admitted it ), 
  this is how a single stupid sentence can attract the attention of a lot of people xd, 
  it 's been a polish capital since the late 30 's i think . 
  a lot of polish soldiers and intellectuals emigrated there, 
  the forgotten capital of poland, 
  the british keep their word . 
  they remember even 77 years after signing the deal , most people would 've already forgotten, 
  but you actually do :d i 'm a bit confused , because it was written that schauble was in favor of greece leaving the eurozone , but in the end nothing happened and greece is still in a terrible situation , and economists say it is because you want an internal devaluation in greece , but it makes things worse . 
  you must try something different , otherwise you 're just gradually increasing anger in the south, 
  yup , she has made remarks about getting france out of nato, 
  you know that right wing populists not only hate middle east and africa migrants but also dislike cee ? 
  he forgot to mention internal tensions caused by mass immigration which basically makes some european countries a powder keg le pen winning presidency would be devastating for europe , because she 's both anti-nato and anti-eu , and she would get into an open conflict with germany . 
  that is unless germany finally decides to actually solve the eurozone crisis, 
  but the germans want others to like them and so if they want to , they must be the most liked nation on earth !, 
  once again germany proves that it has difficulties with common sense politics, 
  i think latvia also was a province of the plc until the first partition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inflanty_voivodeship, 
  history can really turn fucking around . 
  apparently ireland has been under the british rule for about 750 years . 
  who would 've thought that you 'll ever get your own state, 
  you ca n't put the national flag in poo , you ca n't state your opinions on religion in a harsh and quite offending way but apparently you can burn the bible ;d, 
  countries that have huge debt will be in the worst situation . 
  this is what you get when you think you can create an equal society regardless of debt and finance management those who are least indebted and more self-sufficient will have it easier . 
  in europe i think only tories in the uk understand it , who have banned deficits recently, 
  louisiana is not necessarily to the west ;p, 
  well i 'd say that this sort of social darwinism never ends well, 
  enslaving other nations and exploiting them is nothing really to be proud of i think it 's ok for the brits to be proud of the help they provided to some of these countries , but pure violence against other countries as a way of conducting politics , for the sake of exploiting them , is simply doing away with any stabilized international relations and the rights of nations this struggle for power and disdain for nations , brought ww1 to europe , which was just another face of imperialism and it killed europe if i were british , i 'd side with gladstone , who was a little englander rather than with disraeli . 
  i think also jefferson did n't want the us expansion towards west , because he thought that would make the country too big, 
  they must change particular articles in the bill . 
  so what they 're supposed to do is to simply change the bill and then pass it in the parliament and that 's about it , so they did n't reject any ruling so far, 
  those are not details , those are some general rules . 
  you should take a closer look at what i type , so you can understand it better and the polish government did n't reject any ruling of the ct. 
  the ct can only say which articles in a bill are unconstitutional and thus must be changed . 
  that 's all, 
  holy shit . 
  i do n't know if this is actually a proper standard for labor codes , or if the polish labor code is so terrible :d, 
  the constitution does n't say in details how the cc should operate . 
  it clearly states that this is regulated in a bill . 
  and there are no objective criteria on how should that bill look like , what kind of majority is necessary in the cc etc. 
  this debate will surely make britain stay in the eu  this is just a clear and a very arrogant interference with polish inner affairs . 
  there 's no objective and best template for how should the constitutional court rule and operate a humiliation for poland, 
  by a `` labor code '' you mean a single bill that addresses the employer-employee relations ? 
  the last decade started with the asymmetric shocks in the eurozone , so this is an extraordinary situation and i think before the crisis you had been called `` the sick man of europe '' and you had to stop your salary growth anyway i 'm not convinced that you will be able to operate with your model in the long run and you could reduce your trade surplus if you decided that you 're fine with less profit . 
  this is going to explode, 
  probably nobody knows this , but poles actually greatly contributed to this prussia wanted to unite germany already in the mid xixth century and they almost had a war with austria then . 
  but russia decided to intervene and supported austria in this argument , this stopped and humiliated prussia then in 1863 a polish uprising started and both prussia and russia signed a pact that together they would `` solve '' problems caused by poles . 
  this made prussia russia 's closest ally , closer than austria this is why russia decided not to interfere with the austro-prussian and french-prussian wars . 
  because they remembered that prussia helped them in 1863 . 
  and i do n't like both the prussian and the russian empires . 
  they deserved to implode, 
  yeah , you should diversify your export . 
  that is , if other developing countries wo n't be hit hard by china 's slowdown . 
  either way , in theory countries that have a wide open economy like germany , are less flexible , when there are problems , but time will show . 
  i 've read that developing countries saved your ass , but your major importer is in trouble as well some people say that when a country has a surplus , then another country must have a deficit and by this reasoning some accuse germany of causing problems in pigs, 
  clearly the french have underestimated the strength of the german economy , on the other hand the germans do n't want to reduce their trade surplus , this whole situation is just full of dilemmas and it 's going to blow one day unless the germans realise that they did n't solve the euro crisis and that pigs need to get some breathing space for their economies and the germans are fueling their future collapse , because this export is unsustainable in the long run : /, 
  please there 's a story that has recently caught some attention about polish sport magazine owners who sell around 100 000 copies in germany and ca n't get advertisements from german firms , and that your lands have their own companies that distribute the press and the access is limited also the danish minister of agriculture once wrote on twitter that if the danish buy food that has been made in poland , they 'll earn less just do n't try to convince me that you ( or anybody else ) do n't support your own producers and farmers . 
  and to cheer you up a little - yes , i like german sweets, 
  i wonder if the germans or the danish prefer foreign made products , 
  kohl wanted the euro , this is why he fired the head of the central bank, 
  the eu would be perfectly fine without the euro imo, 
  is this inspired by the us authorities ? 
  so the french are going to dislike germany more and more , because meanwhile german economy is flourishing great germany , pigs do n't like you , now france wo n't like you the euro was a disastrous mistake and an idiocy of idealists . 
  and it was pointed out both by the head of the german central bank and some german economists ( and they have been harshly attacked for their lack of enthusiasm ) , but of course it was supported by kohl and mitterand , who thought this would be a great symbol of a european unity . 
  now your unity is one big mess, 
  at the cost of an enormous debt . 
  he 's lying . 
  european economies are not doing well . 
  interest rates are pathologically low , almost as if the crisis was constant , we still do n't know what the consequences of qe in the usa will be , so no , there 's a grim future ahead of the eu as long as germany wo n't be willing to solve the eurozone crisis ( which they did n't solve , although they think otherwise ) the antagonisms in the eurozone will grow, 
  cyprus , malta , estonia , latvia and lithuania are relatively small countries , and so it 's wise of them to join the euro , since then their currency is dependent on bigger and economically stronger states, 
  the difference is that krak\u00f3w is actually a proper polish city ;p, 
  it seems to me that conditions have rapidly changed . 
  now only a madman would like to join the euro only for the sake of further integration and poland is benefiting from the euro indirectly , because the only beneficiary of the euro currently is germany but at the cost of pigs being in trouble, 
  i do n't take these views for granted . 
  it 's just a natural `` law '' of societes , that children often inherit views of their parents , or these views at least somewhat float around their parents ' views so if you are brought up in a communist family , you 'll most likely either do n't care about the standards of the polish state or pursue a specific anti-patriotic narrative , that is supposed to discredit the poles and make them hate themselves , because you feel alienated by your internationalist , communist upbringing there are exceptions to this , but there are also tons of examples that support this, 
  you wo n't probably find a better park than \u0141azienki kr\u00f3lewskie ;p and this hall is like , boring, 
  so , is this just spanish secret service in work?xd, 
  you know , what was bad for us , turned out to be pretty bad for you too :d, 
  of course it is . 
  it 's just that ignorant morons of `` old '' europe 's press think that if a right wing government wins an election , it 's almost as if the nazis took the power , who want to dismember the eu we are pro-european , because we think the eu brings stability and safety , which we lack since at least the xviiith century sadly , this wo n't last too long apparently , because the euro-zone is a mess and it seems that germany does n't want to fix it by reducing its trade surplus , instead they only rely on the internal devaluation in pigs . 
  and of course merkel ruined european borders , which increases support for afd , which is similar to the national front in france france is also to blame for this , because she was the main supporter of the euro, 
  this would be terrible when britain leaves , then there 's no strong non-euro country left and eurozone countries might have it easier to impose laws that fit their economic model above the heads of non-euro states, 
  there are - this is why not every former communist or his descendants are included in this book  read about antoni zambrowski - this is an example of a reformed commie, 
  they just could n't really let go of contemporary fucking politics , could they i 'd pick krak\u00f3w or pozna\u0144 . 
  in fact i know almost nothing about what is worth seeing in wroc\u0142aw , except panorama rac\u0142awicka . 
  and the old town/marketsquare is the best in krak\u00f3w, 
  as long as you 're a reformed commie , you 're ok i guess, 
  funny that 2 out 3 founders of kor thrive in our glorious leaders `` law and justice '', 
  what 's the matter with this guy ? 
  why does he have an issue with british nuclear weapon ? 
  does he think the uk is dangerous or what ? 
  or is it just beceause he 's an old marxist that fights western imperialism ?
