  plus , that migration also had an effect on the balkans and hungary merkel with her inability to think long-term , with her terrible opportunism and with an average german historical complex , causes disorder and havoc in germany i wonder what happens when the german economy slows down , then we 'll see for how long can they pay for all those migrants . 
  not to mention the fact that the german state was n't even able to check who is actually coming, 
  yeah , i said not entirely , marks made some good remarks . 
  but other than that , his economic ideas are garbage and have been already dismissed by the austrians, 
  it 's available in the internet so what 's the big deal i just do n't understand why would anybody want to read a boring book like that . 
  this is comparable to reading marx 's capital . 
  maybe not entirely but anyway both books are boring as shit, 
  nothing . 
  i just wanted to point out , that the situation is unstable and germany with its inability to conduct common sense politics is largely responsible for this . 
  germany once again proves that it has a sort of antisocial personality disorder and putin will probably have to pick a fight against someone , because he needs to show himself as an actual leader in the eyes of the russians so there 's just chaos and who knows what 's going to come out of all this . 
  i think even britain will not be free of this chaos , even though they fucking live on an island xd, 
  he is correct in some cases it is true that the enlargement of nato was possible , because it was done during the peak of american world dominance . 
  and russia is afraid of that because she sees that simply as american borders now the main problem of russia is that germany ceased to be its partner ( and i do n't think they will become one ) , with the exception of energy sector everything is going in a bad direction , because merkel , although unwillingly , is destabilising its country , russia 's economy is going down and putin will have to act sooner or later , because otherwise he 'll lose his legitimacy but at least it 's getting interesting ;p, 
  you better look at what 's happening to europe right now and who has been fueling it, 
  bbc is n't trusted and it 's obvious that it 's the left 's nest . 
  there 's no pluralism in the media anymore . 
  just look at how the bbc treats nigel farage, 
  but then you 're not saying that x is becoming like saudi arabia or china , 
  creating a central office in 2006 in order to fight corruption , which brought tremendous success over the course of years , is definitely a sign that kaczy\u0144ski is the new putin and by the way - i wonder how does mr schulz handle the fact that he is outraged at putin , yet politicians of his party are or call for conducting business with russia ? 
  ;d is this some sort of dialectics ? 
  there wo n't be any 1930s-style political violence , because everybody knows too well that this did n't work, 
  some of our people went to germany to open exhibitions about some important events in the 40 's that took place in warsaw . 
  i guess they 've done that to educate those who wanted to come . 
  i doubt people in germany recognize who e.g. 
  reinefarth was . 
  but i do n't want to continue this topic , because it was supposed to be really a side remark, 
  nazi shaming in the case of poland wo n't work , because even the germans know nothing about polish territories of those days , they do n't learn about it in schools , so it just wo n't resonate this is also why the germans see nothing wrong in stiring up a hysteria and scolding us relentlessly . 
  despite not having any proper analysis or information about poland . 
  and this is the main problem . 
  they have zero knowledge about poland . 
  maybe this is the time to do something about it, 
  actually , in poland we have some great institutes on germany ( like instytut zachodni ) and very insightful experts that not only know german history and politics , but also their culture , philosophy etc. 
  you do n't read them but nevertheless you scold me hard xd if you think i 'm wrong somewhere - just tell me , it is in my power to change my mind ps . 
  what i wrote is pretty common sense , is n't it ? 
  you would n't be used to a person that has been gone for , say , 10 years, 
  honestly , i did n't mean it . 
  i was just talking about a mental mechanism . 
  you 're just not used to having anything to the east except russia . 
  this is analysis and yours is oversensitivity . 
  the nazi card can go both ways it seems to me , 
  the germans are just not used to having poland for more than 20 years to the east of them and do n't really know how to respond they know nothing about us , have no experts or institutes that would write anything about our region , they 're not interested in our internal disputes etc. 
  it 's pretty understandable considering the fact that germany is a global economic power with global interests , so their focus is mostly on other global powers , but i 'm just sayin ' that they do n't even bother to get any balanced info about us it 's enough that they hear something from their old colleagues , who share the same views , on how the new `` right wing '' party is doing `` something '' with the media and the constitutional court , for outbursts of hysteria and many other sorts of accusations . 
  the same applies to other european media , except , surprise , central-eastern media oh well . 
  these are just the cons of being wiped out from the map since the late xviiith century :p, 
  i agree that self-criticism is good , but to compare yourself with russian imperialism that was a sustained , regular pattern for a huge part of russian history , even today when they annex crimea ? 
  that 's being too critical of yourself imo you 've liberated south korea and the philippines in the first place , and it looks to me that it turned out very well , especially for south korea i 'm not defending what you did in latin america or in iraq , i agree that was wrong . 
  and i 've already said that vietnam was a part of containing communism, 
  you can come up with a single example of american imperialism and you 're this self-critical ? 
  you can come up with dozens of examples of russian imperialism throughout history , that were not exceptions but actually a russian modus operandi you could have annexed japan , south korea , the philippines but you did n't the point i was trying to make is that poles , which is very similiar to the american case , are proud of their political tradition that was founded on civil rights and freedoms and making unions with other countries and giving them rights , not conquering them . 
  that 's all . 
  even your founding fathers made remarks about the plc , ko\u015bciuszko ( who wanted to free black slaves in the usa ) and pu\u0142aski, 
  i 've precisely said , we 're not imperialist like russia . 
  we do n't think any country belongs to us and moscow actually invaded real countries but just had to make up some shitty excuses . 
  this idea that poland is a land of liberty goes back to around xviith century , when we were surrounded by absolutist states , where there were no political rights and the american invasion of vietnam was part of a wider strategy of containing communism . 
  also you should have some gratitude for the americans , for keeping the nato , that protected western europe 's ass, 
  obviously , mentally they are not and have never really been they only faked their flags and symbols after some particular european countries, 
  to say that ukraine is on the brink of joining the ue is an overstatement nobody is going to take in an unstable country , where there 's still war going on plus it 's utterly corrupt . 
  besides the germans , the french , the italians are very likely to oppose ukraine joining the eu , because they do n't think you can decide that without moscow and this is a reasonable stance it depends on the ukrainians what 's going to happen with their country and they should wish for some internal collapse in moscow, 
  but it can also be a fuel for a national resurrection  and we 're not nationalist in the imperialist , russian or german sense , because we believe we 're the beacon of liberty, 
  europe . 
  right but i would sooner expect an american to label the czechs as the austrians haha :d, 
  but that 's the main criticism towards germany - your trade surplus is very repressive towards the economies of the south and increasing salaries would make them a bit more cost competetive and btw . 
  do n't you think your export-oriented economy can do both good and harm ? 
  if there 's a slowdown in emerging markets , then extremely `` open '' economies like yours , because of their lack of services , tend to get not flexible enough ? 
  it is unwise to force things , but is n't it true that ever since schroeder had introduced his economic plan , german salaries nearly stagnated for almost a decade ? 
  and the current situation cries for some rapid solution , because you have 20-something % of unemployment in some of those countries and a stagnant french economy , and this actually is bad also for germany ... 
  there 's a genuine feeling among the majority of poles that we 're the nation that suffered the most in europe ( or at least after the jews ) and that we 've done more good than evil in history this is why western political correctness is very weak here - we just feel that there 's nothing to be ashamed of , so we can say anything we want , because nobody foreign has the `` moral right '' to criticize us . 
  recently , when verhofstadt has said something critical of us , immediately the colonial past of belgium was brought up and how the belgians are murderers , not to mention the germans :d if there are things we 're ashamed of , it has rather to do with how we treat the state , that we 're too divided to reach a compromise and wasting too much blood throughout history, 
  this ca n't go on forever . 
  you already have syriza , leftist coalition in portugal and recently elections in spain that changed the party system germany is now opposed by italy , spain , greece , portugal and i suppose increasingly france the germans should finally raise salaries of their mitarbeiter so that other euro-zone countries can get some breathing space but things are looking very badly tbh . 
  there 's a dangerous clinch in here and i have no idea how an isolated germany wants to solve this, 
  i agree but on a different level i think it would be better if we understood how to actually properly manage money , how to make investments , how to spend money reasonably . 
  because we did n't have independent governments , we could n't learn it all , which resulted in some investments that will not be maintained in the future we straightaway rushed to the eu , which resulted in our intellectual elites , politicians etc. 
  being `` bought '' and made them very deeply dependent on what the countries of the old eu said . 
  a sort of mental colonization btw . 
  france initially opposed central/east europe joining the eu , because they thought the region is pretty much a german electorate and would boost germany even more, 
  in the case of poland it was actually germany that dragged us into the eu :d . today in textbooks , germany is widely considered as poland 's `` advocate '' this is because they were afraid to neighbour an unstable , ex-communist country and they thought the eu would fix things and some also thought this would bring historical justice for poland that was left alone by the allies at the end of wwii so the intellectual climate at the time was very much in favor of bringing in some ex-communist countries . 
  avoiding it was practically impossible, 
  ah , the brits , good for them that they 're on an island they know what 's going on . 
  they 're so much more cautious than france or italy they know that the euro accidentally turned into an attempt to make every country live by the standards of the german socio-economic model this is why cameron wants the guarantees that countries of the euro-zone wo n't be able to constitute a majority , that will pass laws over the heads of non-euro countries , so that britain can defend its banking sector from potential unfavorable eu-regulations if britain leaves the eu , then non-euro countries will become weak as hell . 
  hopefully britain will stay and the usa should keep on threatening britain that they wo n't get a special trade deal :p, 
  yes , the title is silly , because , you know , better people do n't have to bother to get any proper info about a country in the european periphery it 's just that they 're right wing + they are doing something with the media and const.court , which clearly means they 're the new nazis, 
   on 1 september 1939 , germany invaded poland . 
  it demanded use of the hungarian railway system through kassa , hungary , so that german troops could attack poland from the south . 
  hungary had traditionally strong ties with poland , and teleki refused germany 's demand . 
  regent horthy told the german ambassador that `` he would sooner blow up the rail lines than to participate in an attack on poland . '', 
  nothing at all really . 
  there 's really no coordinated , serious and istitutionalized cooperation in central/east europe . 
  besides the political weight of hungary and poland is n't that big plus there 's a difference on how to handle russia and this is poland 's main concern since i even do n't know when, 
  well , britain did n't have colonies in central/eastern europe , so they ca n't feel ashamed in any way  africa and asia are different , and we pay most attention to the former i still think it has to do with colonial shame and additionally in germany it also is a form of compensation for obvious historical actions . 
  that 's the psychological mechanism why do you think merkel is inviting all those migrants and says that `` a country like germany ca n't reject the migrants '' ? 
  because they know their past and want to become likeable , but the germans , as usual , have difficulties in conducting moderate , common sense politics central/eastern europe does n't hold the same complexes, 
  that 's correct , because people think they just do n't assimilate enough and will change the cultural identity , primarily of western countries . 
  you could also describe it as a common sense diagnosis of the problem central/east europe is free of ex-colonial/imperial complexes , so this is also maybe why people tend to speak more openly their minds and share their xenophobic views and btw . 
  poland has taken in at least 350 thousand ukrainian migrants last year, 
  europe is too much internally divided to stay as a reliable military alliance without the usa , britiain , france and germany will immediately choose russia over the buffer zone and then you risk shaking europe again , but i understand the american perspective or maybe this time , china will be the game changer ? 
  china helped to prevent the soviet invasion of warsaw in 1956 , mao zedong opposed it, 
  nobody reads blogs in poland really we only read news sites and offend each other in the comment section, 
  the russians while reading your comment i knew you forgot about something we must reconciliate with the russians as our progressive media once proposed compared to that , nato bases are nothing, 
  it 's funny to read news like these , because then you smile at the lack of knowledge of the `` more civilised and better '' western europeans about poland which they think is `` backwards and eastern '' there 's also a funny dichotomy of opinions , because the germans and moscow accuse us of anarchist tendencies ( and so this is why our neighbours always wanted to bring us either freedom or order ) and others accuse us of leaning towards a putin-like authoritarianism , which kind of excludes itself :d,
