  what happened is that in the 1990s we had a few dozen little gangster clans that partitioned the country among themselves like new york crime families in the godfather films . 
  what the russians did was come in and consolidate the `` power vertical '' under one of these clans , who in return made sure chechens stopped bothering russia as far separatism and islamic terrorism goes . 
  actually an improvement if anything . 
  kadyrov is a shithead but he 's better than 20 shitheads doing shithead shit all at the same time . 
  japanese factories and equipment . 
  literally none of it was chinese . 
  all the factories the soviets took from manchuria were the factories the japanese colonies built in the 1930s for the japanese military industrial complex . 
  the soviets took them as war reparations . 
   were n't they expecting assistance from the approaching red army ? 
  obviously not . 
  what knowledge could they have possibly had of rkka intentions in that sector ? 
  it 's not like the polish home army had military liaisons at stavka vgk , or even rokossovsky 's hq . 
  there was no coordination between the polish armija krajowa and the soviets at this point - only between the polish communist partisans ( who did not take part in the warsaw uprising ) and the soviets . 
   the soviets decided to wait it out , and let the germans and poles wear each other down . 
  soviets tried helping actually . 
  they sent in the 1st polish army ( essentially a unit of the soviet rkka which consisted of ethnic poles , mostly poles from poland , but also poles with soviet citizenship ) to cross the vistula and reinforce the insurgents in warsaw . 
  soviets even detached a russian regiment from the soviet 8th guards army and placed it under polish control for the operation . 
  the operation ( which took place on 14 september - 23 september ) did n't go well though , 1st polish army suffered over 3,000 casualties ( 2,000 of them from the 3rd division , i.e up to a third of the whole division ) because of fierce german resistance at the beachheads . 
  on 19 september , the communist poles had to retreat back across the vistula because they 've lost almost all of their watercraft to german fire . 
  the 1st polish army , by the way , was one of the units that finally liberated warsaw 4 months later , alongside 2 soviet armies . 
   but should the polish leadership have anticipated that ? 
  anticipated that the soviets were in no shape to successfully help warsaw ? 
  yes , if they had access to radio and newspapers , which they did , since they were based in london . 
  what the soviets had near warsaw was the 1st belarussian front . 
  it got there by spending almost a month and a half fighting its way non-stop through belarus and eastern poland . 
  it had , in this month and a half , successfully initiated 3 different major offensives - the bobruysk offensive , the minsk offensive , and the lublin-brest offensive , and suffered hundreds of thousands of casualties during all this . 
  the 1st bf was exhausted and at the limits of its logistical capabilities at this point . 
  if the polish exile leaders were anticipating a fresh soviet offensive operation to destroy the german forces surrounding warsaw , they must have assumed the soviets reached the vistula without a scratch because entire german divisions that stood in their way committed mass-suicide , ashamed of their war crimes , or , they assumed the soviets could pull entire fresh armies out of a magic hat at a moment 's notice . 
   deportation to libya is n't legal one of the foundations of international law is that whatever western countries agree on , is always legal , regardless of precedent or international convention . 
  so this is not an issue , at least for today and the next couple of decades , in a world where the west is still dominant . 
  all that is needed here is political will . 
   deportation to turkey is n't workable without turkey 's approval . 
  one does not need turkey 's approval , one needs turkey 's consent . 
  and to get this consent all you need is political will in europe . 
  eu dominates turkey 's trade , both imports and exports . 
  all europe needs to do is to sanction them and shut them out of the european markets entirely . 
  one month later , as their economy is collapsing , they will consent to absolutely anything the eu asks of them . 
  it is n't costly to deport them all back to turkey and libya . 
  holy fuck man taking them in from me refugees camps is even worse , those people are less educated , more islamist , and do n't give a fuck about assimilating . 
  at least the economic migrants we are getting right now are prmlimarily interested in finding a job quickly . 
  if we were getting genuine refugees from syria , the social situation would be so much worse . 
  those people have no boundries . 
  they want muslims in europe to immigrate to iraq and syria and join their ranks . 
  muslims from europe are more capable fighters than the locals after training camps . 
  there is no failed integration . 
  muslim ghettos are integral parts of european cities now , they 've been successfully integrated . 
  baseball ? 
  really ? 
  what sort of european are you , traitor ? 
  historically ireland has been an irrelevant backwater until the last few decades , how are english atrocities there relevant globally ? 
  there are thousands of documented historical atrocities , you ca n't expect the average person to learn about more than a handful of the more recent ones . 
  why is that sad ? 
  what could possibly be sad about the average person not knowing what a 17th century english ruler did in ireland ? 
  yes , his yokel enunciation is terrible . 
  i 'm chechen . 
  my mother does n't understand what the fuck that man is saying half the time . 
  in chechnya ( or at least where i 'm from - grozny/shali ) , the benoi clan ( of which the kadyrovs are member of , as are the yamadaevs ) is stereotyped as being mentally retarded in popular jokes and in idioms . 
  the irony of chechnya now being the feudal fiefdom of the benoi is quite delicious . 
  balkans ? 
  there is no english term for all people from the balkans . 
  canada and most eu countries permit dual citizenship without a hassle , what 's the dilemma ? 
  the french jewish population increased because hundreds of thousands of north african jews immigrated to metropolitan france since the 1950s . 
  all war profiteers took a risk in the 1940s . 
  your statement is n't even marginally true . 
  signapore is definetely not a democracy . 
  it 's a one-party state that has been ruled by the same party for the last 60 years . 
  that they nominally have elections is completely irrelevant . 
  the ussr had elections . 
  syria has elections . 
  even north korea has elections . 
  and being a city-state is also irrelevant . 
  singapore has a bigger population than finland . 
  it 's not san marino . 
  a good deal of those brick fa\u00e7ades in toulouse are a shade of pink in the early morning . 
  thus the name . 
  what texts ? 
  victorinus , bo\u00e8ce , joannitius , guillaume de moerbeke , manuel chrysoloras , marsilio ficino , etc , were muslims now ? 
  what ? 
  the greek classics were transmitted to northern italy and then to the rest of western europe through the byzantine empire , sparking the renaissance and then the enlightenment . 
  muslims were on the same low civilization level as latin europe at that point . 
  their iberian kindoms were in terminal decline and nomadic invaders from central asia were turning the levant , mesopotamia , and persia into smoldering ruins . 
  so the debt we owe to the caliphs is that they did n't completely eradicate hellenic civilization in the levant and egypt , they did so only partially ? 
  the renaissance and the enlightenment which it eventually sparked did n't even begin until byzantine refugees flooded italy and brought with them byzantine commentaries and interpretations of aristotle , replacing the averroist ( i.e islamic ) interpretation , by the way . 
  same thing in regards to plato , but to a lesser extent . 
  what marriage ban ? 
  you 're reading too much fake news , sir . 
  what she proposes is replacing marriage with enhanced pacs civil unions . 
  so you have gay marriage , but you call it civil unions instead so the catholics do n't go batshit . 
  i.e she is proposing the same thing that is already the law in germany , or switzerland , or austria . 
  what do gays have to fear from fn ? 
  gays are the most pro-fn demographic in france . 
  the 25-30 % of the lgbt community is voting fn according to the polls . 
  the most prominent active lgbt politician in france is fn 's vice-president and marine le pen 's lieutenant , florian philippot . 
  what do gays have to fear from fn ? 
  gays are the most pro-fn demographic in france . 
  the 25-30 % of the lgbt community is voting fn according to the polls . 
  the most prominent active lgbt politician in france is fn 's vice-president and marine le pen 's lieutenant , florian philippot . 
  which islamic scholars influenced descartes , bacon , spinoza , or beccaria ? 
  the margin of error in the last presidential elections in the polls , one year before the election , was 2-3 % . 
  we 're 3 months away .
