did these starving farmers just find enough arms to start a civil war in their dried up fields ? 
  no , arms came from turkey , croatia , bulgaria , qatar , saudi arabia , uae , march 14 in lebanon , jordan , france , libya , at cetera . 
   north koreans have been starving and eating eachother for years , do n't see them toppling their regime . 
  ` tis cause north korea has an internal population movement control system . 
  in syria millions of uneducated islamist-minded rural people flooded the cities and formed ghettos in them because the worst drought in syrian history devastated agriculture , completely upsetting the social fabric of the country . 
  this made major social unrest inevitable ( and massive foreign arming of the illegal armed formations fueled a bloody civil war ) . 
  in north korea when famines hit people are blocked from leaving villages to the cities by the army and police to prevent this sort of unrest . 
  this is actually why stalin blocked people from leaving rural areas to go to the cities during early 30 famines . 
  give it us we 'll take good care of wallonia . 
  bruxelles too though . 
  actually just give us bruxelles and keep wallonia . 
  are you a bavarian separatist ? 
  russian ? 
  where ? 
  i am not russian and i have n't lived in the rf for almost 15 years . 
  je vis en france . 
  you could call me a chechen if you want but i value my adopted homeland more than my ancestral one ( in fact i am not very fond of my ancestral homeland , the forests and mountains are nice but so many chechens living there kind of ruins the whole thing ) . 
   secular  imams choose one . 
  what next , virgin prostitutes and nonviolent serial killers ? 
  it 's like missing a train . 
  that 's heading to auschwitz . 
  traps are haram, 
  you have to consider that living costs are higher in germany . 
  1 $ in slovenia gets you more than 1 $ in germany . 
  illegal immigrants also have rights in europe actually , just not as many . 
   rmenians , georgians , kazakhs , azeris , kirghiz , tajiks - everyday at least 300 of them manages to get asylum seeker status in poland . 
  the problem with syrian refugees might be nothing in comparision with that , what is happening on polish eastern border . 
   `` almost none of them come to poland to work . 
  they know , they will get benefits for every child . 
  than they will go to germany , france , sweden `` nomadize '' ahahaha , i like that word , i 'm using it from now on . 
  but yeah i 'm originally from chechnya , it seems like in the last 4-5 years , half of chechnya 's population has nomadized through the eu . 
  and what 's worse , it 's mostly the rural yokels that are nomadizing ( well to be fair all the educated people left chechnya in the 90s , now it 's all yokels ) . 
  i feel so sorry for european towns that have to tolerate these people . 
  1-2 chechens is great company , 3 + is worse than the golden horde . 
  najibullah was overthrown by the afghan mujahideen in 1992 . 
  the war in afghanistan still has n't ended . 
  if assad is overthrown by the syrian mujahideen tomorrow , the war is going to continue for decades regardless . 
  russia does n't behead people for `` sorcery '' so russia . 
  this government routinely beheads humans for `` sorcery '' , are you going to trust them on these figures when they have n't provided a shred of evidence to support them ? 
  the original country , libya , cared . 
  then their government was overthrown and their military bombed out of existence by nato ( france , the uk , and the us , mostly ) . 
  now there is no more libya , only a hundred different fiefdoms ruled by a hundred different warlords organised into 4-5 loose coalitions . 
  i 'm just explaining their reasoning . 
  i despise islamic culture ( i say this as an immigrant originally from muslim chechnya ) and do n't want even a tiny bit of it here in france , so i ca n't blame anyone for being xenophobic . 
  i am . 
  immigrants that are n't willing to be assimilated by their adopted homeland need to be put on the first plane back to their original homeland . 
  yep . 
  none of these are refugees , they are skilled workers invited to saudi arabia to work for deflated wages . 
  syrians have been traveling to work in saudi arabia for decades . 
  because none of the countries that they are passing through want them to stay there so they are happy to let them cross into sweden . 
  that 's an invalid argument . 
  germany provides much better welfare and housing to refugees than sweden . 
  germany is the birthplace of the so-called welfare state and the political movement responsible for its creation , social democracy , you know . 
  and what incredible opportunities in hungary ? 
  hungary is an incredibly xenophobic country that does n't want to provide asylum to anyone . 
  that 's why they let all the refugees illegally cross the border into austria , it spares hungary 's authorities from having to deport the refugees themselves , including the ones that deserve asylum . 
  germany provided much better welfare to asylum seekers than any other country in europe so that makes no sense . 
  the reason they are passing up multiple safe countries is because most of those countries are either so poor that they wo n't provide countries or they are countries like germany and denmark that will only provide them temporary refuge , unlike sweden , which will provide permanent refuge . 
  why the fuck would you escape from syria and then ask for refuge in germany instead of sweden when germany is going to deport you back to syria in a few years but sweden wo n't ? 
   but it hurts syria in the long term , because a country ca n't be rebuilt unless its people go back after the war and rebuild it . 
  no one is rebuilding syria so that 's a moot point . 
  the government controls a bit less than half of at it at this point and because of massive increase in military aid for the mujahideen by saudi arabia and turkey , that percentage is shrinking . 
  the rest is controlled by hundreds of different mujahideen warlords that are not going anywhere unless the government forces kill them all and the government forces are not capable of doing that . 
  a mujahideen-infested country is never going to be rebuilt , what sort of crazy people would invest in syria when their workers are likely to routinely get kidnapped and have their heads chopped off ? 
  it 's a dead country , it does n't even have a bleak future , it has no future at all . 
  almost all the refugees coming in right now are from government areas , the only areas that have any remaining economic activity and educated people left . 
  they 're not coming because of the fighting , they do n't live anywhere near the fighting , they are coming because they 've finally realized that syria is dead and things will only continue getting worse . 
  is the situation similar in austria ? 
  how many ? 
  no , stop supporting the mujahideen in syria and pressure turkey to stop supporting the mujahideen in syria , then 2 weeks later the war ends and no more refugees . 
  romania has lost 12.5 % of their population since 1991 ( in wwii , they lost 3.1 % ) . 
  greece 's population stopped growing a few years ago but it 's stable . 
  mussolini was a prominent socialist before he made a 180 . 
  fascism is far-left too now ? 
  practically none of these 180,000 refugees fled for their lives though . 
  the total death toll was 800 soviet soldiers and around 2,500 hungarians . 
  practically all of the fighting was isolated to budapest or rather a couple of the working class districts of budapest where most of the rebels barricaded themselves in ( cia radio broadcasts promised them that if the ussr invades then the us will provide them with military aid but it turned out the americans lied so the hungarian rebels barricaded themselves in budapest in the hopes that military aid from the us is merely being temporarily delayed ) , which the soviets encircled and blocked off from the outside world . 
  the only hungarians that were in danger at the time were some high officials that sided with the rebels ( a dozen or two people ) and the civilians trapped in the districts of budapest that the rebels turned into their fortifications . 
  neither the trapped civilians nor the besieged rebels could escape the soviet encirclement so the notion that these 180,000 hungarian refugees that fled to austria were running for their lives is ridiculous . 
  they were running because hungary was a relatively poor country and they believed that they would lead more comfortable lives if they immigrated , and the 1956 uprising created the perfect conditions for immigrating . 
  ca n't run out of something that never existed , friend . 
  they are not lying about anything . 
  they do n't deny the massacre of armenians . 
  they just say it was justified , and is thus not a genocide . 
  good . 
  i ca n't wait until the eu is history . 
  great . 
  i hope you get the fuck out , anglo-saxon ( whether british or american ) ideological heritage is a cancer of which the continent should be purged . 
  i 'm anti-abortion so that 's another positive for me . 
  call me old-fashioned but i 'm anti-murder . 
  by the way , i do n't like the fp\u00d6 at all . 
  but they are helping burn down the degenerate liberal order in europe , so they 've got my support . 
  after the current order is burned down , maybe we 'll build something viable and worth a damn . 
  for now , though , i 'll just celebrate because liberal cockroaches panicking gives me a tingly sensation in my pants . 
  our values ? 
  when did importing millions of foreigners whose culture is at odds with ours become a part of our values ? 
  these are the values of the parasite capitalist class that has instituted gastarbeiter programmes across the continent in the 1960s to import cheap labor . 
  these values are alien to the common people . 
  greek fuck ups , heh . 
  the troika , dominated by germany , has been dictating greek policy for 6 years .
