  the greeks no longer have any sovereignty or agency left , so what fuck ups ? 
  they just follow the dictates passed on to them . 
  syriza tried to restore sovereignty but they re-capitulated it back to the troika 6 months later . 
  why should they feel something ? 
  it is not the current population of eastern europe that has done any of this , but previous generations . 
  why should they consider themselves in any way responsible for what previous generations did ? 
  one can not be responsible for something one had no involvement in . 
  culprits of what , the soviet invasion of poland and katyn ? 
  ethnic ukrainian , albeit russified . 
  ethnic ukrainian . 
  cossack of tatar , kalmyck and russian ethnicity . 
  ethnic georgian/mingrelian . 
  ethnic russian . 
  ethnic macedonian . 
  or do you mean , culprits of the soviet union in general ? 
  here is the composition of the bolsehvik politburo when the bolsheviks carried out the october revolution : v. i. lenin - ethnically chuvash ( a subset of volga turks ) on his father 's side , ethnically jewish , swedish , and german on his mother 's side . 
  l. d. trotsky - ethnically jewish g. e. zinoviev - ethnically jewish l. b. kamenev - ethnically jewish on his father 's side i. v. stalin - ethnically georgian g. y. sakolnikov - ethnically jewish a. s. bubnov - ethnically russian 1 out of 7 . 
  if you look at the whole central committee active from august 1917 to march 1918 , elected by the 6th congress of the bolshevik party , 12 out of 31 members are ethnic russians : russian : rykov , nogin , milyutin , bukharin , bubnov , stasova , yakovleva , preobrazhensky , oppokov , kiselyov , sergeyev , osinski ( 12 ) jewish : krestinsky , uritsky , trotsky , sverdlov , sakolnikov , joffe , zinoviev , kamenev ( 8 ) ukrainian : kollontai , muranov , skrypnyk ( 3 ) latvian and polish : smilga , berzinish-ziemelis , dzerzhinski , teodorowicz ( 4 ) georgian and armenian : stalin , dzhaparidze and shahumyan ( 3 ) chuvash , jewish , swedish , german : lenin ( 1 ) 38.7 % were russian . 
  all of the three biggest ethnicity ( called great russians , little russians , and white russians back then , russians , ukrainians , and belarussians today ) , of the russian empire were seriously underrepresented in the communist party . 
  they constituted 70-75 % of the population but only 48 % of the central committee . 
  seems like you are not paying attention . 
  the argument you butted into is about vaernil conflating the soviet union with russia . 
  nobody even mentioned communism . 
  thank you , and goodbye . 
  why would i tell you that ? 
  in france , nationality is based on civic values . 
  if one holds french citizenship , one is french . 
  `` french '' is not an ethnic group , unlike `` german '' , `` russian '' , `` polish '' , `` english '' . 
  the french people are an amalgamation of dozens of different ethnic groups that had their own distinct languages , cultures , and peculiarities . 
  `` russian '' is an ethnic group . 
  ethnic russians call themselves `` russkiye '' . 
  stalin was an ethnic georgian . 
  nobody in the soviet union called him or considered him a russian . 
  he was considered a soviet citizen by nationality , and a georgian by ethnicity . 
  in france , napoleon was considered french by nationality , and italian by ethnicity . 
  there is a word for `` citizen of russia '' which does n't denote ethnicity , which is `` rossiyanin '' . 
  but this word was introduced in the 1990s , and only applies to citizens of the russian federation . 
  stalin was not a citizen of the russian federation . 
  he was a citizen of the soviet union . 
  stalin was a russian ? 
  that 's news . 
  every single one of those stopped being a part of russia in the 1917-1922 period when they declared independence and russia recognised their independence ( and finland was so autonomous before that i would n't even call it a part of russia ) . 
   i can think of a few other countries which were part of russia for 2 centuries ... and are now independent . 
  name one . 
  there is n't a single country independent right now which was a part of russia in the last 90 years . 
  more like 30 . 
  the entire educated and cultured population of chechnya fled the anarchy and then the war in the 90s . 
  there will not be a recovery in the development level for at least 2-3 decades . 
  and when the development level recovers , there will finally be fertile ground for a civilized government . 
  you do n't , you bribe only the local elite , which states have been doing since the dawn of civilization . 
  the policies which caused the near-death of russia came from washington and chicago . 
  so yes , the usa shares the blame , though of course the liberal traitors that sold out russia to the us are more to blame . 
  nobody ever said otherwise . 
  propaganda by whom ? 
  the anti-liberal backlash in russia began when the liberals were still in power and the media was still shilling for them . 
  no , they did n't feel that at all , what they felt is that america ( not `` the west '' , western europe/australia/nz / canada have a good reputation in russia ) has an interest in doing damage to them because the disastrous policies in the 90s that almost killed russia were implemented on the urging of american think-tanks and us state department supported economists and opposition to these policies was stifled by american-backed liberals ( which is why liberals are so strongly hated in russia ) . 
  decade ? 
  at least 30 years . 
  and i doubt the eu will still be around at that point , considering how things are going for the last 6-7 years . 
  yatsenyuk is beautiful compared to turchinov though . 
  i call turchinov `` abortion face '' . 
  ukrainian parliament does n't have any real power anyways , what else are the mps supposed to do besides accepting bribes and hitting each other ? 
  all the actual governing is done by oligarchs . 
  you 've got that backwards , this is a symptom of the success of multiculturalism and muslim integration . 
  that is the problem . 
  the policy of assimilation and national consolidation ushered in by the great french revolution has been replaced by the policy of multiculturalism and integration , and this is the result . 
  instead of being assimilated and turned into french people , immigrants are allowed to retain their foreign cultures in the name of multiculturalism , and now we have a thousand different cultures segregating themselves and living in their slums as separate communities . 
  this is how integration is supposed to work . 
  it does n't mean immigrants meld with the societies that have been generous enough to welcome them . 
  that is assimilation . 
  integration means the country is dismembered into thousands of different segregated communities and then you try to integrate them into one more or less united mega-community . 
  yes , it works , but very poorly . 
  actually , this is the concept behind the eu as well . 
  the eu also works , but very poorly too . 
  you are talking about the polish catholic church which was persecuted , i am talking about the ukrainian one , which was pro-nazi because the nazis favored them over poles and ukrainian orthodoxes . 
  the ukrainian one had a couple million followers in western ukraine back then . 
  they even survived the soviet period . 
  like i said , read the book . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  same thing as in the balkans where the local catholic church helped recruit croats to commit genocide against orthodox serbs ( and used such gruesome methods to slaughter serbs , even the nazis were disgusted - for example , the catholic zealots in jasenovach camp used hammers and short knives they called '' [ serb cutters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:srbosjek_\\ ( knife \\ ) _ used_in_croatia _ - _ 1941 % e2 % 80 % 931945 . jpg ) '' to kill almost 100,000 people ) . 
  for a good english language source , read `` galicia division : the waffen-ss 14th grenadier division , 1943 -- 1945 '' by michael o. logusz . 
  this ukrainian waffen-ss division was actually one of only three divisions which was allowed to have clergy embedded in it , the other two were the catholic wallonian division and the muslim bosnian division . 
  and it did n't even have any nazi indoctrination or propaganda training for the personnel like all the other waffen-ss divisions , they only had catholic indoctrination . 
  we are talking about the ukrainian greek-catholic church here . 
  it 's in full communion with the vatican , but has a degree of autonomy , like other eastern catholic churches ( i.e maronite catholic church , armenian catholic church , chaldean catholic church , etc ) . 
  ukrainians did n't join the germans in any significant numbers , that 's a misconception . 
  germans were only able to raise a single ukrainian division of volunteers . 
  in contrasts , millions of ukrainians made up the massive communist partisan network in occupied ukraine . 
  the only ones who contributed more partisans per capita were belarussians . 
  soviet ukraine was probably the most pro-communist republic in the ussr back then . 
  in the late 20s and 30s , during collectivization the power of the anti-communist peasants was completely crushed and they were practically liquidated as a class , and during industrialization huge parts of ukraine were turned into industrial powerhouses ( kiev region , kharkov region , donbass region , dnepropetrovsk region , etc ) with very strong communist traditions . 
  basically the only place the nazis were able to recruit ukrainians for their cause was in galicia , which stalin annexed from poland in 1939 . 
  and only because the catholic church was the ones recruiting them for . 
  and even there , like i said , a mere 1 division was recruited . 
   that is actually official version of su that was spread to justify invasion . 
  it is , and it 's an accurate version . 
  nazis were on the verge of capturing all of poland and poland refused soviet help . 
  should the soviets have sat there and did nothing and allowed the nazis to occupy 100 % of poland , or was it better to intervene and at least save 50 % of poland from nazi occupation ? 
  even churchill praised the soviet intervention in poland . 
   government fled after the invasion not before .
