  so i am not speculating , i 'm making predictions based on precedent that has held for generations . 
  and even if i did n't have polls to consult , i could step outside and talk to people . 
  over the past 5 years , the ps government has turned itself into the most unpopular government in the history of the 5th republic . 
  people had more confidence in the government during the collapse of the 4th republic . 
  who is satisfied with the economic , social , or political situation right now ? 
  not even ps supporters . 
  it is impossible for the ruling party to get re-elected in such an atmosphere . 
  hamon 's ratings are n't going climb to the 20s , when they currently in the single digits , 3 months before the election . 
  hollande did n't discredit merely the right and the center of the ps , the left wing was discredited as well , in 2012-2014 . 
  not only does ps have 0 % of winning the presidency again , but we 're looking at a parliamentary collapse too . 
  ps will lose at least half of their seats . 
  they 'll be lucky if they win more than 130 . 
  we might even see a repeat of 1993 , when ps got only 50 something , if the presidential elections are a bigger humiliation for them than currently expected . 
  hamon is at 8 % in the polls . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is at 13-14 % . 
  macron is at 18-20 % . 
  fillon is at 23-25 % . 
  mlp is at 26 % . 
  how can one not dismiss hamon 's chances ? 
  mlp 's numbers are n't going to drop below 25 % . 
  25 % is now the reliable and stable fn electorate . 
  the regional elections a bit more than a year ago confirmed it , and she has n't dipped below 25 % on average since 2012 . 
  if fillon 's scandals do n't go away , the supporters he 'll lose will go to mlp and , to a lesser extent , macron . 
  ps has absolutely no chance of winning an election in france after 5 years of hollande . 
  neither hamon nor valls will come anywhere close to it . 
  hamon ca n't even beat m\u00e9lenchon , while a valls victory will insure that macron drops in the polls and the second round is fillon-mlp . 
  ps will remain a marginalised opposition party for at least another decade , like labour post-new labour across the channel . 
  as if the rest of sweden is n't cold and miserable in the winter . 
  biggest city in siberia , novosibirsk , is more populous than stockholm . 
  1,500,000 vs 930,000 people . 
  in total there are 40,000,000 russians in siberia . 
  it 's more populous than all of the nordic countries combined . 
  so it 's more like , the nordic countries are europe 's siberia . 
  no , russian sfsr was a federation within a federation before they seceded from the soviet union . 
  i am originally from the chechen-ingush assr , a federal entity belonging to the russian sfsr , which was a federal entity belonging to the ussr . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's not even a question . 
  polish oob on september 1 : http://i.imgur.com/jgkazis.png they had third-tier infantry and cavalry divisions in the east , and not a single armored or mechanised unit . 
  target practice for the germans . 
  poland had given up on protecting the east back in march 1939 at the latest , after the german invasion of bohemia and moravia . 
  the poles would have had a chance if either of these two things happened : i ) perfidious albion did n't betray them in august by intimidating them into not mobilising the polish armed forces to counter what was then obvious german preparations to invade poland ii ) gamelin and daladier did n't betray poland in early september 1939 by ruling out a strategic offensive operation in the west despite french superiority of forces ( with great encouragement from perfidious albion ) , in violation of the polish-french agreements , which allowed the wehrmacht to concentrate fully on poland if any of that happened , the soviets would n't have even considered invading poland . 
  try saying that in marseille and see how many limbs you 'll have left . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  lack of nutrition ? 
  what ? 
  have you even seen your average solidarity guy in 1981-1982 ? 
  look at lech walensa in 1982 : http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/34870/pap_lech_walesa_635.jpeg you 're telling me this fat bloated guy lacked proper nutrition ? 
  lodz hunger march was in response to a cut in monthly meat rations , from 3.7 kg monthly to 3kg monthly per person , i.e a 700g cut . 
  asinine logic that barely deserves a response , it 's insulting really . 
  it is like saying the ps is still a socialist party because they traditionally used to be a socialist party that used to stand , at least nominally , for revolutionary socialism that sought a complete break with capitalism , despite having evolved into a social-democratic party that completely accepts the dominance of capitalism , a party whose leadership rapes the traditional socialist electorate by pushing through anti-labour legistlation . 
  why did n't the progressives in the democratic party in the us found their own party , or at least rename the democratic party after they took it over ? 
  the democratic party was the party of slave-owning whites in the south , and then the party of jim crow and segregation . 
  when it was taken over by centre-left democrats and turned into the party of choice of racial minorities , based in the north and the west , there was no change in name , or even party symbolism ? 
  likewise , the other party , the republicans , underwent the same journey but in reverse , yet they did not change their name , or even their symbolism . 
  so your argument is clearly stupid . 
  next you 'll tell me that ump/lr are still gaullists . 
  to be fair , that would be a more fair argument , since at least they still pretend that they are the successors of de gaulle , but on closer examination , it would also be a stupid argument to make : they have abandoned every cornerstone of de gaulle 's legacy , from dirigisme to having an independent foreign policy and opposing atlanticism . 
  what the fuck ? 
  she has a left-wing economic policy and is liberal on most social issues . 
  fillon represents catholicism , social conservatism , and radical anti-labour policies . 
  he even wants to dismantle universal healthcare . 
  fillon has about 75 % ideological overlap with p\u00e9tain , marine le pen has as much overlap with p\u00e9tain as hollande . 
  i have medium/medium-light brown hair on my scalp and eyebrows , red hair in my beard , and all my hair below the neck is dark brown/black . 
  i have medium/medium-light brown hair on my scalp and eyebrows , ginger hair in my beard , and all my hair below the neck is dark brown/black . 
  i am referring to those syncretic governments in the interwar period that combined traditional reactionary conservatism with fascism as popularised by mussolini to form a hard-to-define political ideology that might as well be called fascist-lite . 
  the likes of p\u00e9tain , showa japan pre-1945 , vargas , metaxas , horthy , and smetona would qualify . 
  usually the ruling coalitions would consist of a whole array of reactionary conservative movements , with a strong classical fascist wing , although there were some exceptions to that , e.g poland , where classical fascists were repressed for being too close to germany . 
  i did n't put them on a pedestal , i said that czechoslovakia was the only country in the warsaw pact that was a democracy before wwii , which is factual . 
  the communists winning the 1946 elections in czechoslovakia does n't negate anything i said . 
   they both have a history of representative , constitutional government before communism what ? 
  hungary became an arbitrary dictatorship in 1920 after horthy captured power , poland turned into one in 1926 after the military coup . 
  hungary had literally no such history at all , and poland was a democracy for around 6 years - 20 years before communism . 
  yes , they were . 
  poland turned into a full-blown , semi-fascist military dictatorship in 1926 after a military coup , after which opposition became de facto illegal and opposition leaders were arrested and sent to the infamous concentration camp in byaroza . 
  hungary was a semi-fascist dictatorship from 1920 when horthy took over . 
  by the time the soviets took it over it had evolved into a full-blown german-style nazi state under the arrow cross . 
  romania hobbled along as a semi-fascist dictatorship from 1930 until 1940 under carol ii but then fell to antonescu and his band of full blown fascists that were almost as enthusiastic about the holocaust as hitler . 
  bulgaria was an authoritarian dictatorship during the whole inter-war period and most of wwii until boris ii died but i would n't call them fascist . 
  latvia turned into a semi-fascist dictatorship in 1934 after the ulmanis coup , after which ulmanis began herding all of the opposition into concentration camps . 
  estonia turned into a semi-fascist dictatorship in 1934 too , also after a coup . 
  lithuania turned into a semi-fascist dictatorship in 1926 after smetona 's coup . 
  the only country that the ussr occupied during wwii that was n't either a fascist or a semi-fascist dictatorship was czechoslovakia . 
  incidentally , czechia is essentially the sole vibrant democracy of the former warsaw pact . 
  with the exception of czechoslovakia , soviet communism in central and eastern europe was n't some sort of aberration , it was a logical continuation of the slip into totalitarianism that these countries began experiencing in the mid-1920s . 
  which is why it was introduced with so little resistance . 
  before soviet occupation the relevant countries were either fascist or semi-fascist oligarchies . 
   you literally contradicted yourself nope . 
   as you said the article did n't support what i said when it literally did . 
  that would be because the article does n't support what you claimed . 
  i am not sure why you fail to grasp the difference between evidence and opinion . 
  i would be contradicting myself if i said opinion , but i did n't i said evidence . 
  this is a whole different thing . 
  your article provides a set of facts , and then it draws wild conclusion from those facts . 
  those conclusions are not evidence , they are opinions , and as i have already explained to you , those opinions are pretty stupid so i 've disregarded them , and instead drew my own conclusions from the set of facts that were presented . 
  my own conclusions i presented to you several posts ago . 
  thus , there is no contradiction . 
  you are operating on the assumption that opinion  facts , which is the source of your confusion . 
  the opposite is in fact true . 
  i did n't contradict myself because no facts stated in your article support your position . 
  certain opinions in your article do , but i do n't care about opinions that do n't follow from the fact that they claim to be drawn from , so i disregarded those opinions .
