  kaliningrad is only one third of east prussia , what happened to the other two thirds , eh ? 
  poland annexed them and did literally the same thing there . 
  i gave half a dozen other examples too . 
  there is nothing unique here to russia here , this has happened a thousand times in history . 
  either way , russia did n't do this . 
  the soviet union , a multi-ethnic state dominated by a georgian and his inner circle of georgians , ossetins , ukrainians , russians , jews , etc , did . 
  do n't conflate the two . 
  russians like to pretend they are the successors of the soviet union in order to raise their stature by claiming the soviet union 's accomplishments as their own , but it 's just a trick . 
   more importantly , they did n't just change the name of konigsberg , they renamed every city , road , river , hill , lake , etc. 
  ** this is unique to russia . 
  ** not really . 
  this is very common in france , the eastern half of germany , northern half of scandinavia , western poland , ex-sudetenland in czechia , ex-greek and ex-armenian areas in turkey , et cetera , et cetera . 
  and actually , russians are n't even the first ones that did in kaliningrad oblast . 
  germans did it to the previous cultures of the land ( old baltic tribes , poles , lithuanians ) after they conquered the area during the teutonic knights period . 
   you do n't have the rights of a citizen of course you do , all russian citizens have the rights of russian citizens . 
   you ca n't just go on a `` vacation '' to fight against another nation . 
  these men are under kremlin 's orders . 
  if they were n't they would be arrested as soon as they came back . 
  you can actually , all russian soldiers are entitled to take vacations and it is perfectly legal to go and join some foreign militia actually , as long as you are n't doing it against `` russian interests '' ( i.e joining dnr militia is legal because dnr is pro-russian , joining al-qaeda or kavkaz emirate in syria is illegal because they are anti-russian ) . 
  because the separatists want barcelona since barcelona is the only part of catalonia that matters but the majority of barcelona is anti-separatist . 
  if separatists ca n't have barcelona they would n't want to separate from spain anyway because they 'd drown in a severe economic crisis . 
  and a free gypsy slave , of course . 
  saudi cockroaches will start funneling money for fundamentalist proselytisation through lebanon , tunisia , bosnia , etc , instead , then . 
  and nothing has been solved . 
  politically , i 'm a socialist . 
  i 'm not an apologist for nazi bootlickers . 
  well no . 
  the puppet regime in the unoccupied southern zone ( and algeria , etc ) was reactionary and rabidly racist towards jews , but they did n't hand over french jews for the shoah , unlike some of the german allies in the balkans . 
  french jews in the southern zone were only rounded up for death camps after the wehrmacht occupied the south too , at which point there was no more vichy regime . 
  it was a direct german military occupation from then on . 
   french policemen and les miliciens rounded up , arrested and killed french jews during the war . 
  collaboration with the nazis makes vichy france complicit with the holocaust . 
  local fascist traitors helped germans kill jews in russia , ukraine , belarus , belgium , denmark , holland , poland , and so on , but i 've never heard anyone say that belgium , poland , or the soviet union took part in the holocaust . 
  it was n't like romania , where the popular government killed 300,000-350 ,000 jews because of centuries old popular racist sentiment against jews . 
  you know , the full-time branch of the milice , the franc-garde , usually had around 2,000 men , and it peaked in 1944 at 4,000 in preparation for the battle of france . 
  the whole milice peaked at 30,000 . 
  out of 40,000,000 people . 
  another 20,000 french joined the ss as foreign volunteers . 
  estonia also provided 20,000 men for the ss , and estonia had a population of 1,000,000 . 
  holocaust was limited to the wehrmacht occupation zone and then extended to the southern zone only after the wehrmacht occupied it as well . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/op\u00e9ration_anton to say that france took part in the shoah would imply that it was some sort of state policy or a popular initiative that came from the public . 
  it was n't . 
  the directives came from berlin and were carried out by the unpopular instruments of the german military occupation . 
   and since france is a country that participated in the holocaust news to me . 
   yes and that 's why even locally known people being missing in chechnya just this year missing ? 
  what does kadyrov or the security forces have to do with it ? 
  there is a lot of crime in the north caucasus . 
   and just at the beginning of this year , norwegian newspapers had announced that two chechen asylum seekers who were refused asylum in norway had been tortured and killed in chechnya . 
  norwegian newspapers lied , actually . 
  the two chechen asylum seekers in question are umar bilemkhanov and apti nazjujev . 
  bilemkhanov was deported to chechnya in 2011 . 
  he was killed in 2012 , in a car accident . 
  nazjujev was deported in 2011 as well . 
  he lived in chechnya for 2 years after that without any problems . 
  in 2013 , somebody kidnapped him and tortured him to death , most likely because of a blood feud from the 90s . 
  kadyrov had nothing to do with it . 
   it 's also why a humble man who complained about kadyrov had seen his home torched and than apologised from kadyrov . 
  you are talking about ramzan dzhalaldinov . 
  i know the case . 
  this was a case of racist violence , kadyrov was uninvolved . 
  an avar villager criticised kadyrov , so a bunch of redneck racist yokels from a nearby village came in and burned his home down because of anti-avar prejudice that goes back to the 19th century . 
  the risk is n't low . 
  there is no risk anymore . 
  the conditions of military emergency passed more than a decade ago . 
  extreme measures are no longer used . 
  eu countries usually shy away from deporting ex-militants to russia because there is a small risk of torture/extrajudicial execution by the authorities in chechnya . 
  this has n't been a real risk for almost a decade though . 
  their loss . 
  this soon-to-be abortive coup is just going to lead to the rout and eventual purge of the blairite fifth column and the consolidation of corbyn 's leadership . 
  they ca n't vote corbyn out of leadership . 
  blairies were n't able to scrounge up more than 22 % of the vote in the last leadership contest . 
  he 'll only go away if he resigns , and he wo n't resign unless he loses a ge . 
  what he means is that corbyn is despised by the majority of the parliamentary fraction but the rank and file of the labor party and its trade union core love him , because the parliamentary fraction is far to the right of the actual party members . 
   the nature of the electoral system used is important here in establishing what his mandate actually says about the way the membership felt . 
  the membership felt overwhelmingly left-wing . 
  burnham was almost as left-wing as corbyn ; he even spoke of renationalisating british rail , and burnham came in second . 
  corbyn got 59.1 % of first-preference votes , and burnham got 19 % . 
  the right-wing only received 21.5 % of first preferences only , between cooper and kendall . 
  corbyn 's win was an enormous and crushing landslide , even if you subtract the # 3 `` supporters '' . 
  the blairites were massacred . 
  this is wonderful . 
  perfidious albion fucks itself and it fucks the eu at the same time . 
  the best possible outcome . 
  schengen countries issue schengen visas . 
  they are valid in all schengen countries . 
  china was not a party to the 1945 soviet-japanese war . 
   grozny centre still has some large unbuilt fields in the picture . 
  if `` rebuilding '' is turning them into a park , you could easily do it in 1-2 years for any city . 
  that part of grozny is literally the only part with `` large unbuilt fields '' and that is on purpose , they 've actually demolished structurally stable apartment buildings to build parks and war monuments . 
  you 've got the `` heart of chechnya '' mosque there in the middle with the minarets , the biggest in chechnya , and north of it you 've got the car park for the municipal government employees and north of that you can see the city council , the ministry of culture , and the treasury . 
  small building to the east of the mosque is the muftiate of chechnya . 
  north of that is the city hall with the mayor 's office , and east of the muftiate is the ggnt university , south of the muftiate is the islamic university . 
  a few meters north and west of this area you 've got entire districts of apartment buildings that were damaged in the war but rebuilt . 
  south of this area they also demolished everything , and built entirely new districts there , like grozny city ( the part of the city with those skyscrapers ) . 
  the rebuilding of grozny went splendid . 
  it 's the small towns and villages that got shafted in the rebuilding , because most of the funds were funneled either to grozny or to kadyrov & friends . 
   i know we 're talking about russia and so you 're going to fly the party flag no matter what we 're talking about , but there 's also the option of rebuilding a city that you turned into what was literally described as `` the most devastated city on the planet '' without taking that opportunity to establish an oppressive authoritarian stranglehold over the people who you just blew into smithereens . 
  chechnya was already an oppressive authoritarian society . 
  russian did n't establish that . 
  the `` revolution '' in 1991 established that .
