  i checked and you are right . 
  government fled warsaw on 6 september to lublin , fled lublin to kremenetson on 9 september , from krementson to a village on the border with romania called zaleshchiki on 13 september , and finally to romania on 17 september . 
   second line of defenses were being prepared in the eastern part of poland . 
  17th of september `` only '' half of the country was under german control and polish army was still counting on western allies help . 
  oh , the romanian bridgehead ? 
  yeah , that was n't a second line of defense . 
  the plan was to hole up in the swamps and hills on a small chunk of territory along the romanian territory after retreating from 90 % of polish territory and wait for french and british forces to start the offensive they promised and rescue them . 
  problem is , the french and british lied and had no intention of helping poland ( like i said before , they even refused to bomb the germans from the air , instead , they used their bombers to drop silly propaganda fliers ) , so the germans would have cleared the romanian bridgehead either way . 
  the poles lost the war when their best units were either destroyed or maimed in the battles near the border and they lost most of their industry and even expended most of their munition ( e.g they ran out of shells of anti-air artillery before the soviets intervened ) . 
   it 's simple . 
  hitler army was stronger than polish but not stronger then combined british , french and polish forces . 
  and hitler was never sure if western allies would or would not intervene . 
  some historians claim that he gave orders to withdraw if france and uk shall attack . 
  that leads to another important factor . 
  time . 
  since most of the forces were in poland , western flank was vulnerable and prolonged war on the east was a risk . 
  if uk/fr would attack they could advance too far into german territory . 
  and if they decided to stay put they had more time to change their mind . 
  this is why stalin participation was crucial . 
  it reduced time of the campaign significantly making it more likely to succeed . 
  this was the what polish thinking but they were deceived by the french and british . 
  on september 12 , 5 days before the soviets intervened in poland , daladier and chamberlain got together in a small town in picardy and decided that poland is lost ( 3 days before warsaw was encircled ) so any offensive action on the western front is out of the question , they decided to fight a purely defensive war in europe , even though they greatly outnumbered and outgunned the germans in the west . 
  why they let their nominal ally poland fall when they could have saved her , i do n't know . 
  probably , because letting germany take over poland and get a border with the soviet union made either a german invasion of the soviet union or a soviet invasion of germany inevitable . 
  let the germans exhaust themselves defeating the bolsheviks and then swoop in and take out the tired germans . 
  2 birds , one stone . 
  but that miscalculation , just like poland 's miscalculations which lead to another dismemberment of poland , backfired when germany decided to invade france before invading the ussr . 
  if stalin did n't intervene , it would have taken until late october/early december to finish off the remnants of poland 's army . 
  so even if the allies changed their mind and decided to launch an offensive in the west , winter would have slowed them down and when the campaigns of 1940 began the result would have been the same : fall of france . 
   we would n't know how to queue worse than siberia . 
  that is n't true , the soviets proposed that their troops are deployed on the polish-german border through 2 narrow corridors . 
  1 corridor in the north passing through vilnius , another in the south passing through galicia . 
  the soviet troops would have left peacefully as soon as poland requested them to because millions of soviet troops would been left without supplies if poland closed the corridors and poland would be able to close them anytime they wish to . 
  no fuel , no food , no munitions , nothing . 
  they were supposed to be supplied through polish railroads and roads , held by polish troops . 
  poland stops allowing trains from crossing their territory and just like that , 2,000,000-3 ,000,000 soviet troops are immediately encircled in occupied germany with franco-british troops to their west , polish troops to their east , 1,000 km away from the soviet union . 
  it would have been 10 times worse for the soviets than stalingrad was for germans . 
  in stalingrad , only 250,000-300 ,000 germans were encircled . 
  if poland and britain accepted the soviet union proposal to help against hitler ( france was in favor of it from the start ) , poland was taking no risks . 
  only the soviet union was taking risks , and getting no rewards from it . 
  no new territories , while france and poland would have probably annexed strips of german territory here and there . 
  what if the poles and the franco-british alliance decided to invade the soviet union again like they did 1918-1921 after hitler is defeated , encircled the soviet troops in now-occupied germany , and then rushed to the polish-soviet border ? 
  they could even recruit german pows to fight with them as well , like churchill planned in 1945 if a war with the ussr broke out . 
  small chance of that though , but it still existed , while the chance of soviets occupying poland was 0 % because they had no capability to do that . 
  the only reason beck did n't allow soviet troops to help poland is because of his imperial ambitions . 
  he dreamed of a polish empire from the baltic sea to the black sea . 
  if he let the soviet union help poland against germany , then soviets , the french , and the british would be fighting on the same side . 
  the camaraderie this would have created between the soviets and the french , british , and even poles , would have prevented him from pursuing any anti-soviet policies in the future , at least with any western help . 
  it was complete delusion by beck that was the issue here , not soviet intentions . 
  his biggest border was with the soviets who were stronger than poland and he was hostile to them and his second biggest border was with germany who were stronger than poland and he was hostile to them as well ( lol , he even used to speak of a polish `` cavalry charge '' towards berlin ) . 
  logically , the only choice was to either ally with germans against soviets or with soviets against germans . 
  otherwise , he was guaranteed to surrender recently gained independence , and so it happened . 
  good thing the wehrmacht of 1939 was n't fighting in the west because the west refused to fight it . 
  the french and british even refused to bomb germany in support of poland , instead , their bombers were too busy dropping fliers on western and northern germany that said mean things about the nazis . 
  they called it `` truth raiding '' . 
  this was precisely what forced stalin to sign the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  incoherent and self-contradicting policies which were aimed to try and push germany towards taking action against the dreaded bolsheviks while at the same time trying to prevent them from increasing their power on the continent . 
  it was impossible to do both . 
   i guess we are getting into semantics of what alliance really means . 
  i agree that stalin did not plan to align himself with hitler for a long time . 
  but in 1939 stalin helped hitler and one can argue that without his help invasion of poland would not take place . 
  stalin did n't help him . 
  he said he would , on 23 august 1939 , when the soviet-german non-aggression pact was signed . 
  only one week later , 1 september , when germany invaded poland , the germans called on moscow to honor their promises and were rebuked . 
  over two weeks later , on 17 september , after most of the polish army had been defeated by the wehrmacht and even the polish government had collapsed and its remnants fled abroad ( to romania i believe ? 
  ) , after it became it apparent that france and britain have no interest in fighting hitler * , only then did the red army invade poland and demand 50 % of poland from hitler even though they did 5 % of the fighting there . 
  i do n't see how one can argue that without the soviet-german non aggression pact the invasion of poland would not have taken place . 
  without the soviets , the invasion would have happened as planned , except , hitler would have captured 100 % of poland , not 50 % . 
  hitler 's fear was the threat of soviet divisions reinforcing the polish army and stopping his advance , turning the planned short war of maneuver into a long one of attrition . 
  dozens of british and polish refusals in 1938 and 1939 to the introduction of soviet troops into the areas along the polish-german border ( which the soviets proposed they enter through 2 very narrow corridors , the `` galician corridor '' and the `` vilnius corridor '' , which would have prevented the soviets from taking any actions hostile to poland even if they wanted to ) to help the poles fight back against the wehrmacht calmed his fears . 
  and by the way , the french , unlike the british , feeling genuinely threatened by hitler unlike the british , supported the soviet plan . 
  hitler would n't have started the war if the franco-british alliance agreed to stalin 's offer of a military alliance against hitler . 
  since britain , poland , and to a lesser extent , france , consistently refused , year after year , hitler 's invasion of poland was an inevitability . 
  * the french and british made no moves on the western front whatsoever and even refused to bomb germany in defense of their `` ally '' poland - though actually , they did bomb germany , in so-called `` truth raids '' ( which is what the british air force minister called them ) where they dropped 20 million paper fliers in the first 2 weeks of the war and god knows how many millions in the coming months , fliers which said mean things about the nazis and even accused them of having betrayed western civilization by siding with the filthy bolsheviks ( this is where the anglo-saxon `` nazi-german alliance '' propaganda comes from actually , it was invented in the west to make the nazis look bad , not the soviets ) but that ended with the qualifier that britain and france are willing to make peace with hitler if he lets poland out from under his boot ( but no czechoslovakia or austria ) . 
  unfortunately this is what happens when georgians implements racist policies against ossetins and abkhazians and the president of georgia publicly calls south ossetins `` parasites '' that should be expelled `` back to north ossetia '' even though they 've been living there for 300-400 years . . 
  there is only so much abuse they were able to tolerate before they were bound to snap and start dishing it out back . 
  hopefully , one day georgia will abandon their racist georgian supremacist policies and normalise relations with the abkhazians and ossetins , and then the hundreds of thousands of ethnically cleansed abkhazians and ossetins will be able to return to their homes along with the georgians in abkhazia and south ossetia that were ethnically cleansed in revenge . 
  i am an optimist . 
   returning crimea back to ukraine crimea was never a part of ukraine before 1954 . 
  it was conquered from turks by the russian empire . 
  most of the southern half of ukraine was either turkish or uninhabited steppe before the russian empire came along actually and settled ukrainians , russians , serbs , etc , there . 
  their territory ? 
  georgia has never controlled this territory . 
  centuries ago , sure , they controlled it , but not in the modern period . 
  a century ago georgia was a part of russia too , maybe georgia is russian territory ? 
  and yes , how dare they try to annex south ossetia and abkhazia ? 
  the south ossetins and abkhazins despise the georgians for what the racist ultra-nationalist government in tbilisi did to them in the 90s , nobody invited saakashvili here . 
  they were ethnically cleansed . 
  says who ? 
  those hospitals and critical infrastructure languished for 25 years under ukrainian mismanagement . 
  if finland are the ones that lost territory how did they beat the soviet union ? 
  so when you have terrorists in your custody the only choices you have are to either execute them or to grant them amnesties so they begin committing terrorism again ? 
  they did literally the opposite of this approach . 
  look at isis . 
  half of their leadership were insurgents that the us captured and imprisoned in camp bucca during the occupation of iraq , including the so-called caliph abu bakr al baghdadi . 
  and what did they do when they withdrew from iraq ? 
  they released everybody in their custody . 
  and we 're still paying for this mistake . 
  paris on friday , for example , would never have happened if the us did n't amnesty isis terrorists . 
  and tens of thousands of iraqis would n't be getting killed right now either .
