  whilst i am pro-trump his administration will affect the world , you have to remember that you americans are a superpower ya know . 
  for example : here in western australia we ship most of our resources to china which is then used in manufacturing to be sold in the us , with trumps policies on trade with china then the wa economy will need to find alternatives or just wait it out . 
  suggestion for australia is to have each state releasable , as well as papua new guinea ,, 
  i can already see it : nationalist western australia declares war on the rest of the country ,, 
  this would be awesome if it was possible, 
  more like ... belongs in the trash, 
  i feel like espionage should pave the way for diplomatic crisis, 
  any theories on why tyrian is interested in jaune ? 
  i have several theories, 
  its either, 
  - his family, 
  - relationship to pyrrha, 
  - something he did in the past that no one is aware about, 
  - or just something he sees in jaune, 
  im not a modder so take what i say with a grain of salt . 
  have you tried creating an event that triggers the border war and an event that ends it ? 
  im personally hoping its the last one , perhaps he might try and get the inner felix to come out . 
  hopefully the `` close your eyes '' thing is used as further motivation for jaune to get better . 
  is there any video of him discussing jaune ? 
  what episode in volume 3 's commentary because now i want this to happen . 
  ok seriously it 's a fucking joke no need to downvote me so hard . 
  releasing nations as puppets is confirmed to be a feature of the dlc , if you saw any of the livestreams or current playthroughs you would of seen 2 options to a : release nation as puppet , and b : play as the nation . 
  whoops my bad , i didnt read through the entire thing . 
  so dead in 5 minutes ? 
  i just want to see imperials , especially stormtroopers be humanized a lot more in movies , even small indications that they are just there to feed their families or that they truly believe the empire is good . 
  hell one film where the empire are depicted as the protagonists would be good enough for me . 
   she ends up raping him, 
  wew lad what the fuck ^ someonepleasegiveusthelink, 
  perhaps giving certain national spirits for brazil that cancel the increased population . 
  i dont really understand why paradox has given india such a huge hit to their manpower , india had millions of people serving in both world wars if my memory is correct . 
  paradox just decided to be lazy and instead of making an original fashy flag they went for the eureka flag , despite the range of groups that use it . 
  although i agree with otakumecha , having jaune find out all about the maidens and shit would be an excellent way of turning his personality darker . 
  during the fall of beacon , all sorts of shit was happening and he had no idea why whilst everyone else was in the know . 
  eg : the basement containing amber , pyrrha going into the chamber to get the powers transferred . 
  and then his partner dies because she gets roped up into some maiden plot . 
  he 's bound to be pissed . 
   did ozpin merge ruby and pyrrha 's souls ? 
  we arent going to see pyrrha brainwash ruby into trying to peek on the noodle 's nightly ` sword ' polishing sessions are we ? 
   yellow and black, 
   anarcho capitalist flag is yellow and black . 
  when the martians get mad at you for taking their land but you just shoot them for being on your private property, 
  burn it with fire, 
  i do n't think ruby is destined for the same fate , she in my opinion has absolutely no chance of being a maiden due to her silver eyes ( which has not been elaborated on ) . 
  probably the jews, 
  my ancestors are smiling at me prussians , can you say the same ? 
  / r/globaloffensive is rightful / r/eu4 mastersubreddit land . 
   supremacy +1, 
  the basic logic behind this is that the flag needs to represent both halves of cyprus , therefore it only incorporates elements from either sides flag , mostly based on the design of the turkish cypriot flag . 
  i have n't , however you can make your first contact protocol aggressive meaning you can just attack whoever as long as you are n't communicating with them , hostilities will cease once you make proper contact however you get a negative to your diplomacy with them . 
  with the options for military service , will empires now have a recruitable pop or will this just increase the amount of vessels you can have ? 
  why would the austrian claim on south tyrol be removed ? 
  so genetically engineer a species of the most terrible species to exist . 
  allow them time to breed and then open a migratory treaty or just start a refugee crisis . 
  and watch all your pacifist neighbours become space yugoslavia . 
  yeah except he has more than one pop, 
  the union flag is just as much mine as it is some british persons . 
  australia 's name is literally perfect, 
  australia already has a red ensign m8 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_red_ensign, 
  oh wait i see now , so it 's just the us flag based on the red ensigns of the commonwealth ? 
  alright , disregard everything i previously said, 
  didnt get one as well :(, 
  where we 're going we do n't need rice, 
   starves, 
  why do you even have political flags in the first place ? 
  why should you have an ansynd and lgbt pride flair yet no one else gets the ( nazi ) german war ensign ? . 
  also really loving the upvote/downvote consistency : http://i.imgur.com/afdnnda.png, 
  both comments are aimless , harmless , do n't contribute much but dont take away from the discussion , yet one is downvoted because of a flair provided by the mod team . 
  i like the idea of being in a multiplayer game and having all your resources dedicated to making food to sell to the other players for minerals and energy , eventually making them dependant on you for food when they realise `` oh right no longer need to spend shit making food when i can just buy it '' . 
  this could lead into situations where you could have 5 + empires protecting your independance because they all depend on you to feed them . 
  all the more reason for them to protect your independance . 
  yeee boyo , emu civil protection when ? 
  tell new zealand to finally switch to a new flag then . 
   he 's telling me what my country is like, 
  what if instead puppets are only allowed to boost other ideologies if they are dominion level , and the executive branch permits it ? 
  i support this petition, 
  what will the people 's party do when berlin , rome , and tokyo come knocking at our doors ? 
  what will the people 's party do when moscow comes strolling through the gates ? 
  whilst all loss of life is regrettable , do we want to live under these totalitarian powers ? 
  there is no propaganda , when germany is spouting territorial rhetoric once more , against our allies and the countries of czechoslovakia and poland . 
  what about the soviet union ? 
  the communist internationalism means the death of the nation state , meaning the death of the united kingdom , the maintenance of the status quo is essential for peace , but other powers will not respect that . 
  whats to say that the soviet union wont start attempting to expand through poland , finland/baltics , or turkey ? 
  those nations will fall victim to the outside interests of germany and the soviets if they are not protected . 
  would the people 's party support letting these people fall into a totalitarian system ? 
  whilst ordinarily i would agree with you on leaving other people to protect themselves , but containing a threat is the most important task , if the fins or turks go , who 's next ? 
  yugoslavia & scandinavia ? 
  then from there on who 's after them ? 
  we need to pursue a policy that discourages expansionism , a policy that requires having a big stick . 
  wait . . you mean we are n't the italian social republic ? 
  i believe if you increase support for your ideology , and if they are fighting a losing war they may submit . 
  one of the events changes the ethics and portrait of your species, 
  i actually saw one aussie anon posting from some random tourist hotel in north korea , he actually delivered with pics of his trip so far . 
  down with this utopian democracy , divine mandate now . 
  yeah nah dont include south africa pls, 
  what ? 
  did you expect them to be condemning that shit like the un condemns genocides or famines ? 
  when i think of planetary campaigns , i think of conflicts that take months , because its a bloody planet . 
  i want to see planets being considered contested before being occupied , war should take a long time because its a bloody war . 
  thats the purpose of this post , i was hoping some rifleman current and former would post here . 
   uplift,
