  australian-emu war now, 
  chemotherapy works well . 
   x-post from / r/sweden, 
  is this some post-emu war conflict ? 
  are the emu 's using these `` enlightened '' birdmen as some sort of proxy ? 
  because if so i 'll sign up as a foreign fighter . 
  that makes them our eternal enemies , all of us able to participate in the fighting to stop international emuism must take up arms with the mudmen . 
  2nd emu war now gar, 
  i think its an amazing idea , detail the `` battles '' , the tactic behind it etc. 
  how will server hosting be provided ? 
  halt , the ministry of identifying things have confirmed he is indeed a mudman . 
  this picture looks recent , perhaps the emu 's are mobilizing for a second conquest , quick !, 
  we must take up arms , inform the mudmen . 
  tackle him and go for the belly boys . 
  these birds must be stopped , the peck squad has a blank check from the emu military , meanwhile our defence force is a small part of our gdp , we must increase funding and size of the counter emu defence unit to stop these monsters . 
  i knew it , barack `` i support emu rights '' obama was secretly pushing the bird agenda on other nations . 
  they have uncovered time travel , why must they torture us with this new invention ? 
  tfw you are hitler, 
  space exploration could be the defining moments of a nation , a race , and humanity as a whole . 
  look at the us , their moon landing was the biggest triumph of their nation , it gave them another reason to be proud , and a reason to be forever remembered . 
  space exploration is also essential in that it could create a failsafe in the case of a mass extinction event here on earth , as long as there are humans on another planet then humanity keeps on existing . 
  i am worried about colonists choosing to split apart from whatever government/administration on earth such as the un or a nation , that 's not to say i 'm against it but it is something to take into account . 
   who cares about modern medicine , it 's been proven wrong many times, 
   the western us medical system, 
  this makes me rage , also why do people assume modern medicine started with the us ? 
  the falador massacre was a false flag perpetrated by jagex . 
  there was no way duriel321 was able to do the massacre all by himself , the sheer amount killed is impossible within the time frame he had before his `` ban '' . 
  all those supposedly killed were in fact crisis actors , hired by jagex to play dead in order to give credibility to the massacre , as evidenced by the fact that in the footage a large amount of players stood by and did nothing until they were `` killed '', 
  perm banned . 
  tr is quite collectivist , so most likely left wing . 
  initially i had no ideology , but i sympathised with the far left wing parties of australia , such as labour and the greens . 
  however reading about the horrors of multiculturalism , diversity , and the erosion of the nation state has bought me into national socialism . 
  ( il add a bit more in a while . ), 
  ultra triggered, 
  reddit in general is progressive leftist , what do you expect ? 
  tanoa is in oceana right ? 
  if so what is the reason to have nato on the island rather than say australia ? 
  i would get it for plot reasons but it kinda irks me . 
  nah its good mate , you provided more reasons to make me irked about bohemia 's decision to make nato and not aus and nz apart of the dlc , too late now but still . 
   leaf, 
   have you ever murdered anyone ? 
  yes , yes they have , infact / pol / 's syrian general thread is responsible for locating isis and syrian rebel positions and giving it to the russians . 
  -75 % ethics divergence is good , it means the population is very ( unless you got bad luck ) unlikely of changing ethos . 
  did one of them shout `` white genocide '' ? 
  because it sure sounded like it at one point ,, 
  oi fuck off its 8:36 right now, 
  im of the opinion that if a leader is weak and therefore harming the nation , then they are to be replaced with someone much more competent , civilians should ignore orders that go against the nations best interests . 
  at least wait for the thread to 404 you sick fuck, 
  perhaps having at least one of the artillery pieces in focus would of worked, 
  can this feature be disabled ? 
  how do they go about owning individual planets in a system though ? 
  thanks , but i thought you could only take or liberate entire systems in a peace treaty , or does that not happen if one of the planets in system a is ceded but the other is n't a war goal ? 
  [ fleet detected ], 
  in the game files is ger - germany , located in history , what ive done is add in the politics section, 
  neutrality = {, 
  popularity = 75, 
  i also changed ruling party to neutrality, 
  so it should look like : ruling_party = neutrality, 
  democratic popularity = 5, 
  communist popularity = 5, 
  fascism popularity = 15, 
  will the graphics on the billboard depend on what governing ethics you have ? 
  for example you already have the `` say no to xeno integration '' , will that only be available in xenophobic empires ? 
  or is the graphics just random ? 
  how do people get such large fleet strengths , im currently dealing with the prethoryn scourge but all my fleets put together is 15k strength . 
   australia, 
   lesser new zealand, 
  you just made me reeee, 
  while im unsure about other countries , im pro-pan anglosphere . 
  to be more specific : canada , nz , aus , and uk . 
  us not included due to the fact that while it was set up by anglo 's , the population today is not majority anglo , plus with their history i doubt they would want to become apart of this pan nation . 
  not wrong . 
  can confirm , i have the game . 
  how long does it take ? 
  original flag for comparison : http://imgur.com/gallery/bidora6, 
  put me in the basket, 
  ive never encountered nomads ingame , what do you need to do in order to discover them ? 
  is it space cow season however ? 
  what would it take to at least kill one ship ? 
  from what i 'm aware , a fleet would normally be decimated long before you get in range . 
  what exactly is a brawler fleet ? 
  a fleet made with the intention of running as fast as possible at its enemy and taking them down in this suicide charge ? 
  alot of collectivist military dictatorships here, 
   it takes longer but my genocide is automated now, 
  / r/shitstellarissays, 
  tripping balls ... with no survivors, 
  we strayans prefer it when the world replicates our country : on fire, 
  it used to be legal . 
  rolling the ball, 
   ukip 's flag, 
  hmmm , no bias here, 
  beat him more . 
  ! remindme 5 days, 
  heres a better version, 
  it isnt my creation , i got it off of a 4chan thread and i have n't really searched for the artists . 
  oi watch your fucking language you little cunt, 
  when i did the berlin-moscow axis , the soviets joined the axis with germany as the leader . 
  he must of had the soviets invite germany to his own faction, 
  just incase your forgot, 
  whoops my mistake , didnt see the title,
