   observation, 
   infiltrate, 
  guess which one we choose primitive, 
  austriaila-hungry shall be reborn soon, 
  dont know why this is being downvoted , it contributes to discussion . 
  if thats the case , does the blond hair blue eyed noodle represent the nazi 's ? 
   the noodle will ` invade ' the communists ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  what is up with peoples fascination with green and gold ? , they are the shittest colours to put on a flag and would make us look like a country in africa , lithuanians should know this problem well . 
  i reckon the national colours ( and if we ever change our flag ) should be blue and white . 
  dude , 4chan is against this as well , half are renouncing their support for trump . 
  assad is / theirguy /, 
  i suspect thats more for gameplay reasons , but i do want to hear the justification for that . 
  i believe a fanatical purifier oligarchy has the title of `` grand arbiter '', 
  i need to read this . 
  i need to read this . 
  what about nuke ops ? 
  while i am against changing the flag , i find the eureka flag much more tolerable than the other proposals . 
  yeah but if that current results in me drowning im damn well going to fight it . 
   npc 's do n't collect water, 
  ai 's have their own schedules , for all we know they are also playing with mods , there are shit out there that modifies npc routines . 
   sigrid does n't wear a cloak, 
  cloaks of skyrim mod perhaps ? 
  and the rest of the points i ca n't address , if you could n't tell , i probably have autism . 
  i like the idea that planetary conquests may take years , it really will add to the feeling of war . 
  i believe its from a diplomatic result . 
  there should also be different types of occupation policies for different planets . 
  occupiers with authoritarian ethics should be able to massacre and decimate the populations of planets if they so much as speak a word of dissent . 
  whereas non authoritarian occupiers can just install a military occupation government which only reduces the chance for a revolt ( also depending on planet happiness ), 
  pacifist occupiers would just use the local government for reducing the chance of a revolt . 
  additionally , to occupy a planet you need to have a military presence at all times . 
  assange is australian , i dont see how you could welcome him into a country he 's not even from . 
   the department of veterans affairs has been tasked with teaching military history , and unfortunately this is often done in a way that glorifies war . 
  bullshit , we 're constantly told about the horrors of war , and extensively study the impact on civilians and military personnel , as well as the reasons for the 1st world war . 
   would suggest the union jack 's inclusion is an entirely oppressive symbol and does n't represent australia at all . 
  getting rid of the union flag would not be getting rid of the legacy of oppressors , but rather ancestors who built this country 's law , institutions , government , and culture . 
   why should n't we have a german flag on the flag ? 
  because the only history we have with germany is war . 
  new guinea was german , papua was australian . 
  papua new guinea was created when we merged the two administrations into the territory of papua and new guinea . 
  i meant with the state of germany , not with the entire ethnicity . 
  the federal republic of germany is the successor state to the german democratic republic and the previous federal republic of germany . 
  the previous fed repub was the successor state to the third reich , which saw itself as the successor state to the second reich , both reichs we have been at war with . 
  precisely , and how can we share a flag with a country with whom we have engaged in hostilities against ? 
  really made me keep waiting . 
  the problem with having no union flag on our own is that it pretty much shits on the legacy of the people that built this countries institutions , military , democracy and pretty much everything good about the country . 
  it shits on the face of 70 % of australia , who claim they descend primarily from the british isles . 
  going to need a ` do n't tread on me ' flag with the black swan on it now . 
   green and gold, 
  literally shit tier, 
  prefer the naval blue & white , looks sleek as fuck . 
   people would rather russian civilians be bombed with laptop bombs then have trump give out a secret he can legally give out by virtue of being the head of state, 
  were their identities leaked ? 
  red scare pact, 
  nato, 
  these are my suggestions . 
  the area has resources , place a mining node . 
  every day we fall further from the light of god . 
   com is winning due to the sheer amount of redditors who rp as xenophobic . 
  `` roleplay '', 
  and i thought the post about wanting a trap naruto to be fucked by futa 's was bad . 
  shadow holocaust, 
  school would be some average one in vale , and my weapon would probably be some completely normal assault rifle , simply because it 's practical and has fewer moving parts . 
  perhaps an emergency sidearm but that 's it . 
  semblance would be complete awareness of my nearby surroundings even if i 'm not looking at it . 
  probably just wander the city a lot hoping to find something to do , maybe take down the odd criminal , maybe become that odd criminal . 
  you mean better right ? 
  i want to see jaune develop into the anti-ozpin , as in he 's on the same side , but is generally opposed to the ozluminati . 
  given his opposition to qrow using ruby as bait or not revealing the true nature of their journey off the bat , and considering the ozluminati 's part in manipulating pyrrha into taking the maiden powers , a situation that distressed her greatly , it would make sense for him to develop into this type of character . 
  jaune forgets to shave and decides to wear glasses . 
  all his friends are concerned at the fact that jaune 's counterpart is a genocidal psychopath . 
  you mean italy ? 
  oh and do n't forget the oc girl that totally is n't the author 's crush or anything . 
  `` whats new , naruto ? '', 
  has so far been the funniest shit ive read in a long time , thank you so much for suggesting it . 
  i do not but i respect your clearly well defined opinion , so in the interest of remaining cordial i shall not display insulting behaviour . 
  i should n't be aroused . 
  guess when jaune does his ptsd training with pyrrha 's vid . 
   more of jaune 's go fuck yourself attitude to qrow, 
  same could be said about oscar and jaune potentially if its revealed that oscar has ozpin in his head . 
   more ghira and kali, 
  shame we didnt get a whole lot of that . 
  that is also equipped with a railgun because its ruby . 
  perhaps you could create a east-west germany situation with your fort , one side gets all the nice stuff , resources always at the ready and the people live in luxury ( alcohol ) but the other just works and works and works . 
  naturally you 'll need an iron curtain to keep them from trying to get to the other side . 
  while i understand the points you make , i have to disagree on the basis that kaiserreich is an alternate history mod/game . 
  should the german empire not have movie screenings of `` our struggle '' written by ig adolf hitler due to its connotations with the real world adolf hitler ? 
  ruby tries to pull of the sexy look in response . 
  she only manages to look cute . 
  all this talk about orwell warning us about the future , when in reality 1984 was his goal all along . 
   smut with good plot, 
  good one, 
  totalism is closer to fascism in italy , france , and britain . 
  hell the entire ideology was thought up by oswald mosley , who is the leader of totalist britain . 
  the government printed the ad in several different languages present in the pacific and middle east i believe . 
  norweigan new zealand ? 
  whitley , controversial opinion on hunters aside , has done literally nothing wrong . 
  jacques used his authority as the leader of the family company and designated heir as the child he believed was more inclined to running a company and not going off to do their own thing . 
  new england does n't exist and alaska has n't been annexed by canada . 
  * co-prosperity sphere intensifies *, 
   implying communists do n't set up the most statist states to ever exist .
