  it 's common in a game of kaissereich , as it has its own mechanics for pp . 
  fuck i was gon na say the exact same thing . 
  i knew there was a reason v4 ruby shows the bit of skin between the thigh highs and skirt . 
  i would like a currency system , perhaps it could tie into federations by making it so you can form a currency block or some shit . 
  i would like a currency system , perhaps it could tie into federations by making it so you can form a currency block or some shit . 
  i 'm pretty sure that may be because of a mod , from what i know its just a white 4 pointed star . 
  currently my weirdest one so far is my isolationist slavers . 
  i call them the `` paxari jurisdiction '' and they are a oligarchic government that wants to maintain its border sovereignty at all costs , and also squeeze out as much money from its populace because profit . 
  edit : i also like my megacorp , andigonj consumer products . 
  after 30 years ingame in my current playthrough i 've gotten to the point where i do n't have to worry about minerals , energy however ... 
  i am looking for it to be set after canon war , no preference how long after . 
  not sure why you were downvoted . 
  cheers for the list . 
  originally russo-sino then it became sino-soviet . 
  except nobody gives two shits about the republic at this point , does anyone not see how unstable they are ? 
  except we chose the designs ... 
  since the government is at least theoretically made up by the people ... 
  i would personally like a kaiserreich tv show , sort of like man in the high castle in that it deals with the political intrigue in the german empire , russian state , kingdom of canada , and commune of france . 
  one season could deal with characters from each of these countries doing their thing and slowly over time all the characters would of at least met each other once . 
  i imagine france as having this art deco type propaganda everywhere , canada having union flags everywhere , it would be pretty cool . 
   green and gold, 
  i 've said it once and il say it again , they are the shittiest colour combination to exist , white and dark blue is more fitting in my opinion . 
  constitutional scholars are hardly ever the type of people to support a ` nationalist narrative ' , and we should n't dismiss someones ideas or findings just because they hold a different viewpoint . 
  alright thanks for clarifying . 
  corporate dominion . 
  my flair explains my reaction . 
   imperial japanese navy, 
  hope there is no china in your game . 
  it would be cool if different factions had different methods for violently reacting to the government . 
  like you said , militarists could potentially seize power through a coup , economists could cause constant economic problems by spawning pirates to attack your assets , isolationists could assassinate specific leaders that do n't belong to the same faction , and xenophobes could genocide a alien pop or two . 
  jaune is no longer willing to mention his siblings when she 's around . 
  bit disappointing that ai empires ca n't be controlled bt = y the contingency as some sort of vassal or something . 
  how can we prevent women from making their own choices ? , it is imperative we find ways to insure they cant think for themselves . 
  on the side note : good job on the rapes guys . 
  edit : added the sarcasm mark, 
  roughly 12 hours ago a employee at `` courascent defence supplies '' manufacturing centre 12 , was broken in , initially it was assumed to be a filthy rebel or dissident , before security footage revealed it was simply a drunk stormtrooper . 
  so if any of you did this , or know anyone who may have done this please contact the security office asap . 
  * corporal oveanth , his squad and 2nd lieutenant typherrius are in the shuttle heading to their target location , corporal oveanth turns to the lieutenant * `` sir , i 'm guessing we are after some rebel pigs ? '', 
  * corporal oveanth , exhausted after operation lancer and eager to meet some new people and get a meal , finds his way to the mess hall , after figuring out that the door opens when you walk near it , he walks in and see 's ... *, 
  encrypted 2x, 
  to : 2nd lieutenant thrayce typherrius, 
  from : corporal nix oveanth, 
  subject : n/a, 
  sir , i have come to suspect that some very shady stuff is going on in the ship , specifically about the droid and the captains decision regarding blackjack . 
  i would like to discuss this with you in person . 
  message end, 
  oveanth , in his stormtrooper gear , stumbling about in such a away that obviously shows that he 's intoxicated , with some blood on his shin guard . 
  begins going around asking the female crew members ( as politely a drunken man can do ) for their undergarments . 
  ooc : hoping other people might get drunk along with my character , i 'm talking `` the hangover '' type shit here . 
  oveanth proceeds to find a isolated rarely visited part of the maintenance shafts , and begins putting a bed , mini-fridge , holo-screen , and a computer inside it . 
  and also begins memorising the ship 's layout based on his adventures in the shafts and air ducts . 
  people from 3rd world nations are competitors , a society is only strong when the native population is raping its women , not some 2nd or 3rd world competitor winning gold . 
  so start raping guys . 
  we choose stay, 
  to grow is anarchy , to idle is anti-society, 
  but to stay is order . 
  begin message, 
  sir , i would like to request temporary leave , i believe ive met the quota for service and would like to have a holiday on the nearest planet . 
  also if you could suggest any that i can be easily contacted from that would be great . 
  thanks . 
  message end, 
  oveanth sends a ship wide message to all sentient organic crewmembers to watch the race at boonta eve , space popcorn included . 
  it was currently 3:40 am in one of the slave camps on kashyyyk , oveanth is doing his rounds around the perimetre , when he passes by a building and hears some screaming , he goes inside to investigate and immediately has to spring to action as a wookie , one that he recognises was about to be deported for work on some project , is choking the life out of 2 officers . 
  oveanth kicks into action as he screams and tackles the wookie , the wookie uses his hands to grab oveanths face , and attempts to rip it off , but not before oveanth punches it , grabbing his rifle out and shooting it . 
  he investigates the 2 officers , and to his shock their necks are broken . 
  he hears gunfire and commotion outside and when he steps out , he sees that the entire camp is currently a battlefield , with what appears to be a wookie uprising . 
  `` fuck fuck fuck , shit whats going on ? . '', 
  he says in his confusion . 
  but as soon as he gets to his wits , a stray bowcaster shot lands next to him , staggering and injuring him slightly . 
  but as he spots wookies he starts shooting , almost falling into a routine . 
  shoot , run , shoot , catch breath , run , repeat . 
  oveanth , with his armour stained and covered in blood , manages to find a fellow stormtrooper , one he recognises as a private . 
  `` private , what the fuck is going on ? '', 
  `` sir , the wookies , those god damn creatures broke out somehow , they ... they killed my squad . '', 
  `` alright , do you know who the currently highest ranking person is ? '', 
  `` negative sir , its probably you now . '', 
  `` crap , can we expect reinforcements ? '', 
  `` no , we cant , the reinforcements will take too goddamn long to arrive '' the private sobs . 
  the battle continues for 5 minutes , dead wookies and dead stormtroopers litter the area . 
  oveanth manages to gather any survivors and form a battle group . 
  they manage to surround the wookies , before oveanth gives them the order to kill them all . 
  the wookies look on in fear as the blood stained stormtroopers mercilessly kill them all . 
  * oveanth , in his maintenance duct hideout , wakes up , not able to remember what he dreamed about , nor why he is sweating *, 
  such as here : http://gfycat.com/elementarylastingfritillarybutterfly, 
  or here : https://gfycat.com/splendidessentialearwig, 
  oveanth , enjoying is shore leave on sanbra , decides to head to the one place to get piss drunk , the canteen , once he steps inside he sees ... . . 
  5 min , 10 min ? 
  * oventh is in the shadier parts of sanbra city , in one of the more downtrodden alley markets , looking for gear , mostly to put towards his private assets . 
  * he walks up to one of the weapons dealers . 
  * `` what goods do you have for sale ? '', 
  edit : oveanth is simply wearing long pants with a leather jacket with his stormtrooper bodysuit underneath . 
  oveanth , is in his apartment , depressed at having such a huge dent in his wallet . 
  but he is currently spending the time of managing his assets on his 2nd homeworld . 
  the mining colony he lived at once , and has gotten a report that the [ armour ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/rvb/images/2/2c/locus_stops_fighting.png/revision/latest?cb=20150901022453 ) he [ purchased ] ( http://pre10.deviantart.net/a96c/th/pre/f/2014/341/4/a/locus_wallpaper_1080p_by_monkeyrebel117-d892nzl.png ) has arrived safely . 
  he is currently going over its specs , and figuring out ways to improve it if possible . 
  and is also on the side looking for a fighting style that will allow him to take advantage of the phrix gauntlets . 
  * oveanth is going over courage company 's organisational structure when he finds a new name in his squad . 
  he sets out to trying to find this new squad member . 
  to be more specific i 'm talking about ne asians , such as chinese , japanese , and koreans . 
  the birds once took my home , they must be stopped .
