does n't matter . 
  most people in the big-ass manifestations ( marches ) back in the day were forced to celebrate 1st may against their will . 
  they were n't even given that for their time . 
  here 's how it looked : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwbewqm_4zk, 
  obviously , i do n't think roma should be sent to india/pakistan , but your analogy is just plain dumb and clearly misinformed . 
  sarcasm does n't explain your ignorance , sorry . 
  sure , but your initial claim that bulgarians came from the steppes is still wrong . 
  the bulgarian ethnicity was created by the mixture of three others ( slavs , bulgars and thracians ) in roughly its current territory . 
  the slavs were n't in the balkans until a few centuries before that either . 
  the thracians had been there for ages . 
  you were talking about shutting down internet banking which has absolutely nothing to do with internet voting . 
  many people make this flawed analogy and so did you . 
  the id-card does n't do much . 
  you use it for authentitaciton . 
  obviously it 's better than authenticating via username and password , but it does n't make the whole process magically unbreakable . 
  voting fraud can still be performed server-side or even client-side after you have authenticated . 
  like it or not , your internet voting system is insecure . 
  the suggestions made in their report are implicit . 
  however , the authors have pointed out the whole thing should be shut down because they simply do n't think internet voting can be done in a secure way . 
  that 's estonia 's problem , not theirs . 
  as for your analogy with internet banking , that is flawed . 
  internet banking and internet commerce is completely different from online voting . 
  a detailed explanation of this falacious , yet very popular , argument is offered here : https://www.verifiedvoting.org/resources/internet-voting/vote-online/, 
  ok , fair enough . 
  in most countries with big bulgarian populations this is not a big problem though . 
  i 've voted in germany several times . 
  there 's bulgarians everywhere , so it 's not that hard . 
  i obviously understand the difficulties of having to travel , because of i 've done it , but the security considerations should not be underestimated . 
  internet voting definitely opens up the country for sophisticated attacks on the voting system by nation states . 
  yes , of course . 
  the other paper points out many weaknesses which are also pointed out by halderman et al in their paper . 
  that is , they have not been fixed . 
  why ? 
  because internet voting is more complicated than you think . 
  and one of the biggest weakness which they point out ( and also halderman ) is that verifying what kind of software is loaded on the voting servers is extremely difficult and can not be done in a transparent and reliable way . 
  this is also the biggest problem with electronic voting machines , which you seem to hate . 
  except that the whole fiasco with internet voting is orders of magnitude more complicated than a simple voting machine , so it has plenty more ways to be exploited . 
  i know how your system works and why it is insecure because i have read papers on it . 
  your id card does n't do much to ensure security , despite what you think . 
  i 'm totally for internet voting if it can be done in a secure way . 
  however , it can not be done in a secure way with existing technology and i will not change my opinion until this is fixed . 
  i 've presented several peer-reviewed papers which point out dozens of weaknesses of all kinds of sorts . 
  and you think there 's no point in arguing with me ? 
  what 's the point of arguing with you ? 
  you have n't provided shit other than attacking my character and the character of the authors . 
  but this is bulgaria , which is not brazil . 
  voting stations are organised in any district or town where there are 40 or so bulgarians or more who want to vote . 
  they are not prohibited from voting . 
  there are plenty of voting stations organised in most countries . 
  the government will open up a voting place if there 's 40 or so registrations there in that town/district . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  source : have voted many times abroad . 
   plus you can say fraud is possible in every way you vote electronic or not . 
  yes , but it 's more likely with electronic voting . 
  the one provided by paper voting at a voting station and above . 
  as i explained in my [ other comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pgotu/bulgaria_holds_referendum_on_electronic_voting/cw6cc34 ) , you are completely wrong . 
  the paper i linked to has 7 different authors from different organisations . 
  it has also been peer-reviewed for that conference , meaning several other people who have no conflict of interest have reviewed their paper . 
  here 's another paper saying your internet voting system is insecure : http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=5272405&amp;tag=1 it 's written by completely different people . 
  peer-reviewed again . 
  are they biased as well ? 
  it sounds like you are the one who 's biased . 
  nice try , but they are more secure than internet voting . 
  there are documentaries on how shit even electronic voting machines ( at the voting stations ) are . 
  it 's been demonstrated how those can be used to commit voting fraud without leaving any signs of wrongdoing . 
  when you ca n't even secure that , how the hell are you going to secure the entire internet infrastrcuture needed to guarantee the security of internet voting ?!? 
  it 's madness !, 
  experts have shown how estonia 's internet voting system is not secure . 
  despite this and repeated warnings of the security risks , nobody in my country gives a flying fuck and will still vote in favor . 
  you would only know that if the hack was unsuccessful  if you successfully committed voting fraud , nobody would know about it . 
  but seeing what the reactions of the estonian government and most political parties has been to published reports on their claimed security of their system , even if there was a discovered attempt , it would probably get buried anyway . 
  edit : also amusingly , during the elections described in the halderman paper , there was an `` anomaly '' during the voting process . 
  some shit happened with the partition configurations of one of the servers which should not have happened . 
  that 's a potential hacking sign as pointed out by the paper , but it could be explained via other means . 
  guess what the estonian voting officials did ? 
  they just ignored it . 
  nobody provided an explanation for that in the end as far as i know . 
   there have been some fearmongering `` specialists '' who did n't show any real deficits in the software or the system . 
  your online voting system has already been [ demonstrated to be insecure ] ( https://jhalderm.com/pub/papers/ivoting-ccs14.pdf ) in a pretty nice security conference ( peer-reviewed and all that ) . 
  even if you solve all of the problems with operational security , there are still plenty of design weaknesses . 
  the recommendation of the experts is unambiguous -- estonia should reject and stop using its internet voting system . 
  there is almost universal agreement among security experts that secure internet voting is impossible . 
  for this reason , bulgaria should reject internet voting . 
  yeah , for example , feminists always call rape victims rave survivors . 
  it 's not a coincidence , they purposefully do it because survivor is much more emotionally charged . 
  i remember when some people here were saying the 800,000 figure was probably exaggerated . 
  the borders guards have obligations . 
  they obviously ca n't close their eyes and let the migrants go wherever they want . 
  and if i were a migrant , i sure as hell wo n't stay under that bridge and wait for the backup to lock me up , i 'd just go away . 
  now , if the crowd disperses and goes in all directions , the three border guards wo n't be able to follow everyone obviously . 
  do you see why it is necessary in that situation to keep everybody in place ? 
  this is what being detained means , it does n't mean they tried to put handcuffs on everyone . 
  remember : brigading is bad only when it 's done to reddit . 
  when reddit brigades outside websites , that 's fair game . 
  sincerely , the admins . 
   i agree with you ** circlejerk !!!, 
  something does n't click with your explanation either . 
  there 's a decent number of extremists and jihadis from countries like morocoo , tunisia , egypt , jordan , etc. 
  nobody is discriminating against muslims there and they are not a minority in these countries . 
  in bulgaria we have a lot of roma muslims as well .
