  i can give you the reasons : 1st : he was found dead in ukraine , not russia . 
  2nd : he had already renounced his russian citizenship . 
  3rd : plenty of journalists have already been killed in ukraine , and only a few were fierce critics of putin . 
  4th : the journalist in question actually sent a message to a loved one after all . 
  5th : it was his birthday indeed , is it really that hard to believe that maybe he suffered from depression ? 
  we should n't discard any of the possibilities . 
  jumping to conclusions before the investigation is finished is never a good idea . 
  are you seriously comparing the founder of the red army with an unkown journalist that died in ukraine ? 
  political incorrectness !, 
  nope . 
  the former are poor people from poor countries the latter are also poor people but from developing countries . 
  my god , i have never thought about that . 
  can you imagine the number of people all over the world craving a lawsuit against the us government for all the shady activities it has undertaken in the past ? 
  while 9/11 was certainly bad , juxtaposed with the amount of atrocities commited by the us , it looks pretty tiny in the grand scheme of things ... 
  but there is nothing stopping other countries from letting their own citizens sue the us government . 
  but yes , it 's most likely the us would n't even bother to settle the lawsuit , nevermind taking it seriously . 
  but those would definitely be nice stories for the media , that 's for sure ... 
  see ? 
  cia was so nice back then that they would be in charge of bombing us cities and us civillians just to start a war against those cuban commies . 
  hell , at least snowden got away with that . 
  look at poor chelsea manning , another 30 years in prison , if she does n't die before that ... 
  15\u00ba in brazil . 
  huh , something is definitely wrong ... 
  `` manning said he leaked a massive database of incident reports from iraq and afghanistan because he believed they might ` spark a domestic debate on the role of the military and our foreign policy in general as it relates to iraq and afghanistan . ', 
  he hoped people who saw the dramatic video of a 2007 apache helicopter strike in iraq he leaked would be outraged by the ` delightful bloodlust '' of the pilots . 
  the u.s. state department cables he gave to wikileaks detailed shady deals and backroom intimidation and were `` a prime example of a need for a more open diplomacy . '' ', 
  not really the bad guy either ... 
  `` why we are the only western european nation that still does n't have gay marriage . '', 
  italy , austria and switzerland also have n't passed same-sex marriage yet . 
  shit , it was the 7-1 ... 
  could you please link me one of those conversations ? 
  i would love to read a little bit more about it . 
  ok , no need to be a dick about it , i just wanted to know where you had read about it , i was curious about your sources . 
  thank you nonetheless . 
  ok , now that i 've read the article you 've sent me and decided - as you advised me to - to google a little bit more about the subject , and i came to the conclusion that agree with you - partly : chelsea should n't have leaked so many confidential documents , whose content manning knew nothing about , since they could indeed endanger not only the us military but also the american public . 
  but let me also be clear that a sentence of 35 years in jail is simply an absurd . 
  people who murdered and raped have constantly been punished with less . 
  besides , we have also take into account her mental health conditions , not to mention her gender issues - gender dysphoria to be more specific . 
  so yes , a sentence to jail is appropriate to the case , but 35 years ? 
  please , that 's just nonsense . 
  no need to apologize , i get it . 
  sometimes it 's hard to know for sure if the person on the other side is genuinely interested in having a civilized conversation or if it 's just masquerading its true intent . 
  btw , just added a new word to my vocabulary . 
  as a non-native english speaker this is the first time i ever see someone using the expression `` sealioning '' . 
  thanks for that . 
  likewise , i agree , hillary clinton is the embodiement of the establishment , not to mention she altogether comes across as calculating and inauthentic , but i urge you to vote for her nonetheless . 
  as a brazilian , i can assure you trump is the ultimate populist , and while seemingly harmless at first sight , the us will turn into chaotic embarassment by electing him and his inability to use more than 35 words per interview . 
  creating a false equivalency here would only do harm to clinton in the polls , since trump is immune to criticism regardless of what he says . 
  besides , hillary , whilst not the pinnacle of transparency , at the very least is capable of running a country , due to her countless years of experience . 
  trump , well , i advise you to read about what his ghost writer has to say about him . 
  it 's on the new yorker . 
  it 's quite a long read , but i guarantee you it 's worth it : http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/07/25/donald-trumps-ghostwriter-tells-all, 
  `` an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . '', 
  i am against all religions but it would be foolish of me to condemn all denominations equally . 
  islam - except for the sect of ahmadiyya - is indeed the worst , closely followed by mormonism , jeovah witnesses and orthodox judaism - which , ironically , are all branches of abrahamism ... 
  he said `` brazilian '' because he either does n't know enough english to know that the right way to write it is `` brazil '' or it was just an honest mistake from a non-native english speaker . 
  either way , assuming that brazilians speak spanish just because it 's located in south america is just utter ignorance . 
  20 years ago , hell 10 years ago it was ok to think brazilians spoke spanish since the economy still had n't taken off , brics was non-existent , brazil had hosted neither the olympics nor the world cup , and democracy was still young in our nation . 
  but now ? 
  sure , it 's not like we are 5th biggest country in the world , or maybe the 5th most populated country in the world or one of the top 10 biggest economies in the world . . 
  sorry , i had completely forgotten about it . 
  it is such a silly cult that sometimes my brain does n't even count it as a religion . 
  but to be fair , you could indeed say the same about them all ... 
  he just replied to me , he wanted to say `` the brazilian capital is ... '' then changed his mind to `` the capital of brazil '' , but forgot to correct the `` brazilian '' part . 
  that 's it . 
  btw , even if he did n't knew , there is a huge difference between being billingual and not knowing the language of a huge country . 
  besides , assuming that you 're american , how many languages do you speak ? 
  e putz , nem me fala do trump . 
  first : the daily show is a comedy show . 
  nothing there is to be taken too seriously . 
  second : of course it 's all `` greenscreen fuckup '' . 
  it 's done on purpose and they want people to notice that , it 's part of the segment . 
  my god , hillary is slaying donald the way colbert roasted bush in the white house correspondents ' dinner ... 
  the sniffing is back !!!, 
  donald , stop yelling !, 
  you 're hurting my ears you idiot ... 
  what element of surprise ? 
  isis has no way to go . 
  mosul is their capital goddamnit ... 
  so trump likes iran or not ? 
  my god , the guy is a walking flip-flop ... 
  yes , assad is a genius !, 
  that 's why his country is in the middle of a civil war ... 
  my god , someone fact-check trump ... 
  just kidding . 
  it 's not like he ever tells the truth ... 
  so many terrorist attacks on canada , am i right ? 
  i mean , germany took in 1,2 million refugees and the us ca n't take 60 thousand ? 
  those people are in the middle of war dying . 
  have you seen how hard it is to migrate to the us ? 
  your vetting process is excellent if you ask me ... 
  * it 's good for you , believe me !, 
  - coming from the guy with 4 bankruptcies under his belt ... 
  pff . 
  obama can be a king and the us would still be better off ... 
  and i do n't doubt it . 
  the man was awarded politifact liar of the year for a reason ... lol, 
  depends on the city , honestly . 
  the prison is nice where i live . 
  i mean , they have cable tv , play soccer every afternoon , have hot shower .
