  but , if you get yourself arrested in an overcrowded one , especially in the state capitals , watch out , cause you will have to poop in your feet ... 
  why not both ? 
  shit - no pun intended - you 're right , i had n't realized that even if you squatted to poop , it would n't fall on your feet . 
  except if it is diarrhea , of course , but that 's a whole different story ... 
  i would argue that in brazil 's case it was for the better ... 
  besides , the country is finally tackling corruption . 
  sure , it may take a long time to punish the ones responsible for the country 's intense turmoil , but it at least shows it is willing to get back on track . 
  welp , no more abortion in the us , fuck climate change and hooray religious rights !, 
  congratulations , you 've outdone the british in terms of stupidity !, 
  oh sorry , i forgot to mention : when i mean religious rights , i mean privileges to white southern evangelicals . 
  they do n't really give a shit about freedom of religion , as long as they have the final say on it . 
  this is what happens when people turn their back to political scientists , economists , scientists and about almost every person with a college degree . 
  we get a guy who was endorsed by the kkk newspaper ... 
  first of all , what ? 
  why would the fbi kill anyone to arrest the `` bad guys '' ? 
  by engaging in the killing , the fbi would be just as bad as the nazis . 
  this is not how entrapment works mate . 
  besides , why did you choose nazi germany ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  by the way , i am all for the fbi operating tor child porn sites , because while they are essentially creating a `` demand '' for child pornography , no one accidentally is accessing tor and out of nowhere : `` wow , i did not know ` fuckingxxxchild132 ' was showing three years old masturbating . 
  shit , i thought they sold weed . '', 
  but you still have n't answered the question ... 
  `` public and private positions '', 
  oh please , even i have a public and a private position . 
  you 're telling me that you say everything that is in your mind ? 
  no compromise , no anything ? 
  you `` tell it like it is '' and end of discussion ? 
  i mean , just look at ted cruz . 
  the guy is the closest thing to the zodiac killer we will ever get and still is a senator ... 
  you banana throwing hooligans . 
  dirtying the streets , vandalizing public property with eggs and hurting the shady prime minister . 
  monsters !!, 
  we are now calling chapecoense brazilian 's leicester . 
  a small team from a middle-sized city that had reached the final of a major club competition for the first time in their history . 
  it 's even sadder when i think about it because the team is from a neighbouring state i love deeply that i have visited so many times ... 
  and 2016 keeps getting worse !, 
  wow ... if only those conspiracy theorists were right and obama was truly a kenyan muslim dictator who would cling to power till the end of his lifetime ... 
  wait ... what about the muslim ban and all of that ? 
  was n't this the same guy who supported a muslim registry ? 
  it 's not like donnie knows that pakistan is a muslim-majority nation , or that they are indeed one of the few nations in the world which is actively sponsoring terrorism , or what the kashmir conflict represent to both pakistan and india , or where that region is located , or hell , it 's not like he could pinpoint fucking pakistan on a map ... 
  are there that many emiratis travelling to japan for it to be added to the survey ? 
  wrong . 
  they ca n't even properly formulate a sentence , let alone give a strong reason why they support a man whose vocabulary is smaller than that of a illegal mexican immigrant . 
  have you ever read the comment section of any major right-wing media ? 
  as a non-native english speaker i wonder if they suffer from functional illiteracy - it 's the only reason from abstaining myself from criticizing them , by the way - , since my country has the same issue and it affects us all profoundly . 
  besides , can we please stop with the false equivalencies ? 
  the_donald has the maturity of a 10-year-old at best . 
  all they do is chant incoherent slogans in the hopes they will convince more people to join their lunacy . 
  yes . 
  i agree regarding the biased websites . 
  this sub is in great need of reliable sources - and better content . 
  but , while web sites like salon and huff post often post astonishingly partisan articles , places like breitbart and info wars publish straight up lies - this is what i meant by false equivalency . 
  but i just come here to enjoy the comments . 
  if i want to inform myself regarding politics i read nyt , washington post , politico , foreign policy , the economist , the atlantic and reuters ... 
  in the last 6 years , only once have i had a headache - and only because i picked up a cold which turned into a larynx infection . 
  music never was a problem for me - regardless of how much i disapproved the sound or the genre . 
  well , maybe all those years of extreme metal finally compensated . 
  my ears have gotten used to all kinds of noise ... 
  starts at 3:40, 
  my condolences to the turkish people . 
  after so many terrorist attacks , the syrian war , the curbing of press freedom , mass arrests and firings , the conflicts with the kurdish , erdogan literal grab of power , a failed coup and the rise of authoritarianism , this is not what you deserve for the beginning of 2017 . 
  greetings from brazil and a happy new year to you all !, 
  the russians trolls were very smart and knew exactly what they were doing . 
  the russian population , on the other hand , is just as easy to manipulate as the american public , given that putin 's approval rating soared to a whopping 86 % despite over 80 % of the population saying they can feell the effects of the economic decline . 
  dual citizen here . 
  hey , do n't screw up my chance of being president for two different countries . 
  but seriously , i am both italian and brazilian . 
  when i am in brazil , in the eyes of the law , i am brazilian . 
  if i am in italy , i am italian . 
  but , i am allowed to vote in elections in the two countries . 
  what is even more interesting is that italy is one of the nations in the world to reserve seats in both the parliament and the senate for citizens residing abroad . 
  and there are plenty of us , especially in argentina , uruguay and southern brazil . 
  some cities have as much as 95 % of the population of italian descent . 
  hey , here in brazil we elected a clown to congress . 
  although he has one of the best attendance records in the house , he has never drafted a bill , does n't like to discuss policies - he can barely spell words - and was once accused of being illiterate . 
  it would n't surprise me if brazilians started electing soccer players to congress . 
  i mean , a city in amazonas just elected a prostitute as a councilwoman because they wanted to help the lady . 
  sure , it 's a nice gesture , but i do n't know how electing her will fix anything - except maybe as a way to curb corruption . 
  you are thinking of finland my friend . 
  i ca n't believe it !, 
  for once , there is something to be genuinely proud of brazil . 
  `` no puppet . 
  no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet . '', 
  wow , sentences like this makes so much more sense now ... 
  now trump supporters , are you still going to make fun of the russian hacking of the dnc , mock us for believing that russia is the enemy of western liberal democracies and change the conversation - as always - about how hillary clinton is the one who is a crooked liar whose e-mails are going to kill us all ? 
  the irony is that for all the flaws clinton had , one thing you could n't call her is unpatriotic . 
  unfortunately , the latter defines perfectly who donald ` grab them by the pussy ' trump is . 
  shame the electoral college did n't do its job to remove this dangerous individual from power . 
  `` officials in western europe say they are so dismayed , they now feel compelled to gather intelligence on a man who is set to become the next president of the united states . 
  according to a western intelligence source , at least one allied nation is currently conducting intelligence operations in the united states , collecting details on officials surrounding trump and executives in his company , the trump organization ; the source , who works in government , expressed disbelief that such an effort had been deemed essential . '', 
  us allies are spying on its president-elect because they do n't trust him enough to support nato and defend the values of western democracy . 
  let that sink in for a moment . 
  after watching rubio 's brilliant takedown of tillerson , i started to respect him a little more . 
  especially when he referenced the russian apartment bombings which were in all likelihood ordered by putin during his tenure as the director of the fsb . 
  it 's despicable how vova used the same trick twice . 
  he first boosted his popularity by starting a war with the chechens and then , 14 years later , did the same thing with crimea . 
  it 's pathetic how russians keep falling for it ... 
  i am a brazilian and i care about his tax returns . 
  does that count ?
