  yes , because whenever i think of reliable sources , the first website that comes to mind is `` the gateway pundit '' ... 
  to each its own , i guess . 
  i just love how people are always so quick to invoke the 4th amendment and to express their dissatisfaction towards the surveillance programs implemented by the nsa but when it comes to wikileaks ... `` yeah , politicians do n't have the right to privacy , fuck them , i wan na know everything about their personal lives to see what they are hiding from us . '', 
  no need to feign stupidity my friend . 
  you know very well he meant that in the same way russian is a nationality , islam is a religion , and you ca n't be racist towards either . 
  by the way , he was n't mocking the russian people , instead he was making fun probably of the russian bots that usually flood the comment sections everywhere . 
  your naivety is cute , my friend ... 
  disagreed , it sets a dangerous precedent . 
  by the way , do n't expect that anytime soon , politicians would never vote to lose their privacies . 
  no , i despise populists . 
  but thanks for twisting my words ... 
  wait , hold on a second , are we talking about the nsa or wikileaks ? 
  i think canada should build a wall and make the us pay for it . 
  in brazil it 's 75 % . 
  suck that italy . 
  oh , wait , i am also italian . 
  i think they are called `` alternative facts '' . 
  of course . 
  all they needed was an idiot as president . 
  oh please ... many different agencies are investigating the case and until now , none has found anything that links the case to sabotage . 
  it was raining a lot that day and the airport was pretty archaic , as most airports in small brazilian cities do n't have the appropriate equipment to help the pilot land the plane during troubling weather conditions . 
  brazil may be a mess in a lot of things , but no one is murdering our judges . 
  it 's funny how different brazilian supreme court is from its american counterpart . 
  our top judges are some of the most liberal figures in the entire nation . 
  in favor of gay marriage , abortion , drug decriminalization , marijuana legalization , and possibly euthanasia . 
  if you hear their opinion on the issues and their opinion only , you might be led to believe brazil is some sort of distant cousin of sweden . 
  it 's a shame how uneducated and ignorant your average brazilian is though ... 
  how can you expect anything from a guy who literally said this :, 
  `` look , having nuclear -- my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer , dr. john trump at mit ; good genes , very good genes , ok , very smart , the wharton school of finance , very good , very smart -- you know , if you 're a conservative republican , if i were a liberal , if , like , ok , if i ran as a liberal democrat , they would say i 'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world -- it 's true ! -- but when you 're a conservative republican they try -- oh , do they do a number -- that 's why i always start off : went to wharton , was a good student , went there , went there , did this , built a fortune -- you know i have to give my like credentials all the time , because we 're a little disadvantaged -- but you look at the nuclear deal , the thing that really bothers me -- it would have been so easy , and it 's not as important as these lives are ( nuclear is powerful ; my uncle explained that to me many , many years ago , the power and that was 35 years ago ; he would explain the power of what 's going to happen and he was right -- who would have thought ? 
  ) , but when you look at what 's going on with the four prisoners -- now it used to be three , now it 's four -- but when it was three and even now , i would have said it 's all in the messenger ; fellas , and it is fellas because , you know , they do n't , they have n't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men , so , you know , it 's gon na take them about another 150 years -- but the persians are great negotiators , the iranians are great negotiators , so , and they , they just killed , they just killed us . '', 
  so milo thinks it 's not ok when a muslim man marries a 14-year-old but having sex with a 13-year-old is totally fine as long as you 're christian ? 
  by the way , both are undefendable . 
  i was just pointing out the hypocrisy of alt-right figures like yannopoulos ... 
  ... qatar , is that you ? 
  gee , it 's a total coincidence that trump accused the first black man ever elected to office to be born in kenya - his mother was born in the us , so he could have been born in iran , and it still would n't have mattered - , and to be a muslim - as if islam was enough to disqualify someone from running from office , and even if he were , who cares , he was the most progressive president in us history . 
  i am not op but i live in southern brazil and all of my great grandparents came from northern italy . 
  actually , be it on cuisine or architecture , the entire region has a strong italian influence , which is not intriguing , given a lot of people in the region have italian citizenship - myself included . 
  no , she has n't accused barack of being a kenyan or a muslim . 
  her staff posted a picture that they knew they could use against him . 
  it certainly was n't a nice gesture , but no , she never questioned his american citizenship . 
  no , a lot of people have it , but it 's certainly far from everyone . 
  it 's funny because the italian consulate would say : `` you 're not becoming an italian citizen , you 're just acknowledging your ancestry '' . 
  for example , i speak italian , i usually read italian news to inform myself about what is happening in the eu , and i love voting for the candidates - specially since there are seats in parliament reserved for italian citizens who live abroad . 
  but a lot of people just want to become italian citizens for the passport - no , unlike plenty , they do n't want to move to europe , they just want to visit the us , australia and europe without needing a visa lol . 
  by the way , if you ever get curious about the region ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serra_ga%c3%bacha, 
  i am sorry to be that guy but op clearly said * death * metal . 
  black metal bands are usually ~ ~ crazy ~ ~ from norway , not finland . 
  the difference ? 
  just a few church burnings , nazi-ish lyrics , and a few homicides . 
  other than that ... 
  yes , i looked it up and i did find some finnish black metal bands but i had never heard of any of them . 
  they must all be pretty underground , right ? 
  yes , power and death metal . 
  not black metal . 
  yes , who knew moderate individuals would prefer a center-left candidate to be elected into office instead of an orange maniac who wants to take healthcare away from poor people ... 
  yes , sure . 
  if it were in europe , hillary clinton would probably be a center-right candidate , but we are talking about american politics . 
  by the way , fiscally speaking , she is a conservative , but socially speaking , she is a liberal - pro-abortion , pro gay marriage , pro euthanasia , etc. 
  maybe she was n't in favor of legalizing marijuana , but neither is europe . 
  in fact , the first country to legalize it was in south america - uruguay - , so ... 
  the band also does n't take the lyrics seriously . 
  here , listen to what one of the band members has to say about the topic : `` we do n't sing about politics . 
  we do n't sing about religion ... all our songs are short stories that , if anyone would so choose they could convert it into a horror movie . 
  really , that 's all it is . 
  we like gruesome , scary movies , and we want the lyrics to be like that . 
  yeah , it 's about killing people , but it 's not promoting it at all . 
  basically these are fictional stories , and that 's it . 
  and anyone who gets upset about it is ridiculous . '', 
  btw , i do n't listen to the band , because they are too immature to me , but it 's not like they are a bunch of deranged psychopaths ... lol, 
  just out of curiosity , where are you from ? 
  the meaning behind left-wing and right-wing varies wildly between countries , let alone different continents . 
  as someone who currently lives in south america , i can attest that a leftist in uruguay has a completely different ideology from a leftist in brazil , and these two are pretty similar economic-wise and culture-wise . 
  if you bring up to the discussion places like ecuador and bolivia it will be difficult to find anything in common ... 
  that may not be the best source , but according to wikipedia : `` psychological abuse ( also referred to as psychological violence , emotional abuse , or mental abuse ) is a form of abuse , characterized by a person subjecting , or exposing , another person to behavior that may result in psychological trauma , including anxiety , chronic depression , or post-traumatic stress disorder . '', 
  it 's strange how the only photoshops that bother putin are the ones related to homossexuality . 
  you know what they say , the more homophobic you are , the more you are trying to supress your craving to suck huge cocks . 
  maybe obama 's ? 
  not in sex-ed , but i once had a friend asking me if sex was when two people kissed each other . 
  he was 14 . 
  usually with two gunshots in the back . 
  i do n't think your average turkish person knows what reddit is . 
  no offense , it 's the same in brazil . 
  until this day , i have only met two people who had some idea of what it was and one of them had already studied in europe . 
  really ? 
  i was always under the impression that reddit was somewhat huge in the us . 
  not many users , but pretty well-known by the majority . 
  ... sabaton anyone ? 
  they think our leftist governments are like the ones they have in europe . 
  ours do n't care about social progress , they are populists - and crooks - willing to do anything to make the most ignorant layer of the population vote for them en masse again . 
  they know their measures will tank the economy and their promises are n't feasible enough to be implemented . 
  in fact , they are frightenly similar to the far-right in europe . 
  but instead of muslims , their boogeyman is anyone with a degree . 
  hey man , if things get too dangerous , know that you can always count on brazil for help . 
  i do n't know how other brazilians feel about it , but it 's not right to abandon our neighbors in their time of need . 
  i can not imagine what it feels like to not have food , or medicine , let alone jobs . 
  i do n't care how much it may affect our economy in the short-term , with the prospect of thousands dying out of hunger or because a civil war may break out , it would be inhumane to turn our backs on you . 
  you 're welcome . 
  if you have any questions or doubts just pm me . 
  really ? 
  i thought they disbanded in 2010 .
