  but what if they are black ?? 
  man ... it 's so easy to identify a brazilian on reddit !, 
  lol, 
  hell , i live in one of the wealthiest cities in brazil - and i am not talking about three or four rich individuals , or perhaps , a luxurious neighborhood , there are five , i repeat , five private schools in my city and one private university , while , at the same time , having only about 100,000 inhabitants - and it once was the 6th best city to live in the whole country , and there still a rape every five days ... so , let that sink in !, 
  in the south . 
  here , if you are curious about my town just take a look at this picture : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bento_gon%c3%a7alves,_rio_grande_do_sul#/media/file:bento_gon%c3%a7alves_panorama_2009.jpg, 
  you do know that samantha bee was born in canada and jon oliver in the uk right ? 
  sure , the former has since become a naturalized us citizen and jon oliver is married to u.s. armed service-member , but hey ... 
  oh my god ... what have i done to you ? 
  i was n't trying to be mean or hell , have a serious discussion for that matter , i am sorry if my sarcasm was too over the top - and no , i do n't need to grow a pair of balls and call him out , i do n't even know him . 
  now that he said he dislikes both samantha and jon that 's fine , he is n't being a hypocrite , he simply does n't enjoy foreigners criticizing the us . 
  jesus , just chill a little bit ... 
  ok , first you had my curiosity , now you have my attention . 
  sure , you may not enjoy foreigners making fun of your country on comedy central , or , in this case , tbs , because they have lived in your country for like what ? 
  2 years ? 
  and they are basically making money off of `` demonizing '' your values and culture just for the sake of a laugh . 
  they do n't listen to the other side , call them dummies and never give them a chance to defend . 
  fine . 
  but what if this foreigner actually has enough knowledge to discuss american politics and is capable of criticizing your country 's decisions with great points indeed . 
  would you watch it ? 
  by the way , the `` hey '' was n't even meant to him . 
  all i said is that yes , while samantha became a naturalized us citizen and jon oliver was married to an us military member they still were n't born in the us . 
  jesus , learn how to interpret a sentence . 
  is this pair of balls good enough for ya ? 
  ok , but that 's not a good analogy . 
  you see , i am a man , nobody will ever get me pregnant , which means that when it comes to an abortion , i should n't have a say in it because it 's something that will never experience , can happen to my mother , wife , female friends , but not to me - btw i am 100 % pro-choice . 
  it 's different when it comes to countries though ... you see , i have dual citizenship - i am both italian and brazilian - , now , i 've spent my entire life in brazil - hope that changes in the near future - and do n't know much about politics in italy - i am determined to learn more about it though - , only now i am learning italian and just recently i 've gotten an italian passport . 
  i should n't be able to criticize it already because i have n't studied it enough , i still do n't know all of the political parties in the country and still have to memorize the name of the districts . 
  that will change - hopefully . 
  the same happened with the us , did n't know much about it last year - politically speaking - , now i spend my entire time reading american newspapers , watching american news channels , visiting american web sites , jesus , sometimes , i even forget that i am not actually in the us . 
  sure , maybe before judging the country as a whole , i should live in it for a while , i can give you that , but not being born in a country is not the same as not being able to grasp its values or its laws . 
  it is there already , may take some time , but a foreign opinion might give you some valuable insight . 
  `` passive-aggressive behavior is the indirect expression of hostility , such as through procrastination , stubbornness , sullen behavior , or deliberate or repeated failure to accomplish requested tasks for which one is ( often explicitly ) responsible . '', 
  `` you do know that ( ... ) , right ? '', 
  does n't fit my concept of passive aggression , more like sarcasm , but hey , that 's fine , i am sorry if it was offensive . 
  i promise i will be more straight next time . 
  btw , i know i am just a random stranger on the internet , but you do know you could be nicer to people , do n't you ? 
  you can say that brazilian sports fans are not polite , and you 're probably right , but you 've also got to remember that over 68 % of the population is functionally illiterate , which means they know how to write their name , do basic arithmetic operations and even read some newspaper articles but , at the same time , are incapable of drawing conclusions on their own , reading scientific literature and most ca n't even speak their own language properly - go to s\u00e3o paulo and start asking people in the streets how to conjugate the verbs correctly , they might succeed initially , but i bet that when the subjunctive comes , they will fail miserably . 
  i am sorry if rio is a disappointment to you , but hey , next time , how about not choosing us , a country , whose sewage system is comparable to london or paris in the 14th century - according to business insider - to host such an important event ? 
  sure , brazil was the one who volunteered to do it , so why put the blame on others ? 
  because developing countries are corrupt and need a way to launder money , you fucking morons !, 
  do you know why when a black person is killed by the police people in the us people riot and black lives matter members protest and in brazil nobody gives a shit ? 
  because every year , over 60,000 people are murdered . 
  brazil is three times more violent than iraq , proportionally speaking , proportionally . 
  a black guy is killed every 23 minutes - a young black guy . 
  if the ioc , after analyzing all the data , still decided that rio would be a better city to host such an event than tokyo , chicago and madrid , i 'm sorry , but the only plausible reason is that they also wanted to be part of our game - i.e. 
  corruption . 
  but i , unfortunately , draw another conclusion from this whole shitshow , and it 's that stupidity runs wild here on reddit - it 's good to lock yourself up inside your little bubble , is n't it ? 
  - , since if what disappoints you the most is some booing in a stupid event about sports you only hear about every four years in an organization , whose directors make so much money it makes little to no sense as to why the athletes are so ridiculously underpaid , and the only answer you have for that is 7-1 - i hope germany defeats you - , or how brazilians are a bunch of uncivilized cunts , then congratulations , you live in a developed country . 
  your worries - oh no , what bathroom just a transgender person use ? 
  omg debate of the century - are fine for a country like yours , but please , do n't compare your beautiful modern country to one , whose problems vary from the biggest corruption scandal in the country 's history to the region 's worst health crisis -- zika virus -- in memory . 
  and this , wow , this was only 2016 ... 
  same . 
  i never saw a group of people that hated brazil with as much passion as reddit ... it 's like they hated it more than us !, 
  '' the `` dad '' is actually her chinese-born korean teacher / sponsor who accompanied her to canada . '', 
  see ? 
  you should always read the full story ... 
  but the same goes for europeans . 
  i bet a danish ca n't really tell the difference between a swedish and a norwegian , or a serbian between a bosnian and a croatian - sure , if they start talking you might be able to point it out , but in this case , the guy was born in canada so ... 
  never watched euroleague , huh ? 
  `` i thought the olympics were supposed to convince us that brazil was n't some third world shithole where you can have money taken from you at gunpoint and nobody gives a shit . '', 
  they were guards . 
  everything they 've done was perfectly legal under brazilian law . 
  by the way , is n't the us that crazy place where you can buy a rifle in a local walmart with only a shitty background check required - even if your name is on a no-fly list because no matter what , carrying a gun is safer than letting someone board a plane cause only god knows what they will do up there - and that also lets you carry it openly as you walk down the street because good guys with guns are our only protection against terrorists because law enforcement officials are too incompetent for that - or will probably just kill more black folks ? 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  punishment here also takes place in court . 
  and the guards in rio were waiting for the cops to show up , but lochte apparently did n't want to go to the police and be charged with vandalism , so locthe and friends offered to pay for the damage they 've caused as long as they could immediately leave . 
  and the guards agreed with that , and happily took their money . 
  if they had waited for the police none of that sould have happened . 
  btw we do have corrupt cops just like every other third world nation , but you would be surprised about how many are honest people . 
  perhaps not in big cities like rio or s\u00e3o paulo but neither me nor my friends were ever forced to pay bribes or anything outside the law . 
  generalized anxiety disorder ( gad ), 
  `` if you 're feeling anxious , just stop thinking about it ... '', 
  you will love uruguay . 
  montevideo is the tenth most gay-friendly city in the world , uruguay was the first place in the world to legalize marijuana , it 's the least corrupt place in latin america , punta del este is basically the las vegas from south america - hell , they are even building a trump tower there , not a good thing to give money to that baboon though - and the population is pretty chill - seriously , one of the least materialistic people you will ever meet in your life . 
  and i 'm glad to have them as neighbors . 
  you 're mistaken my friend . 
  saudi arabia is all for two men having a sexual relationship , but do n't call them `` gays '' because they are n't . 
  they are just experimenting or something . 
  do n't worry , it 's just a phase ... 
  damn . 
  i wish i had born in uruguay . 
  but i am more than fine having them as neighbors ... 
  on no , i was n't implying that . 
  i was just saying it is one of the most liberal places you could ever visit . 
  and the people are really nice , their english though ... lol, 
  ok , since the olympics were hosted here it its quite obvious more channels than the usual would have the rights to air the games . 
  but still , we had over 6 - yep , six - different companies airing the events - notice that i did n't say channels , but companies , because frankly , there were so many channels airing the games that i ca n't even remember them all . 
  and in most of the time , the events broadcasted were n't even showing brazilian athletes . 
  we were able to watch all kinds of sports - badminton , golf , handball , etc - and enjoy it as much as we could . 
  damn , and here i thought the us was all about free market and competition ... 
  meh ... she was already rich though ... if your husband has enough money to buy stonehenge , you really should n't be worrying about your bank account !, 
  on the other hand , the guy spent a lot of money to gift his wife a bunch of rocks , so yes , it 's quite alarming ... 
  have you taken inflation into account ? 
  6k was a lot back then . 
  that 's why i do n't have friends ... 
  probably , i guess ... 
  i 've already had online friends . 
  a lot , but that was a long time ago ... 
  while i firmly believe putin is a corrupt oligarch and the russian democratic system is fraudulent , i do n't think this guy 's death was ordered by him or any of his political allies .
