such an awful idea ... it will fuel populism even more !, 
  what we need to do is to educate people , instead of pepper spraying them . 
  we ca n't let ignorance prevail , because then , it will all be lost . 
  in my opinion , states should n't have as much power as they do in the us . 
  sure , you get liberal paradises like california , but you also get hellholes like mississipi , so ... not exactly a win-win , am i right ? 
  `` 2 hours a day ? 
  who does that ? '', 
  i did n't mean it literally ... 
  by the way , models are getting paid for that , and they are not the ones taking the pictures - and they were chosen by others to be there - , completely different situation - they also do n't take pics everyday so there is that too . 
  and as stated in the research , selfies most likely enhance your self-favoring bias , and normally - normally , ok , not always - it means two things : either you 're pretty lonely and need the selfies to make you feel better , or you just love attention , and seeing all those liking and commenting on your pics make you feel much better . 
  i apologize about the `` narcissistic '' part though ... the person may not be `` narcissistic '' , maybe is just seeking for attention or hell , just love taking pictures . 
  just because you ca n't see , touch , hear , smell or feel him that does n't mean he does n't exi ... oh , nevermind ... 
  hey ... me too !, 
  first of all , congratulations for such a stupid comment !, 
  second , you can buy a ticket to djibouti and visit the country , you probably do n't because it sucks but it is there !, 
  now , god ... if you believe it 's possible for a god to exist in the same universe where gravitational waves , supernovas and gamma rays are a thing you either are delusional or just do n't give a crap about astronomy or science in general ... 
  ok , so why god exist ? 
  give me proofs and i will believe !, 
  until there , just do n't ... 
  me too !!, 
  gravity is an illusion !, 
  none of the two should be afraid of the other . 
  why ca n't we just have civilized discussions ? 
  on the other hand , now it just got cheaper for me to travel to the uk !, 
  hey ... if you keep making bad decisions , you might get rid of the immigrants and be flooded , instead , by tourists !, 
  see ? 
  it 's not 100 % bad to have shitty leaders ... 
  if there is one thing i am sure i love more than fun while on vacation is depression !, 
  the uk must be lovely in january ... 
  ask him to say basically anything in icelandic !, 
  it 's not even worth pretending you know how to speak it anyway ... 
  ... scotland ? 
  it 's awesome to get mugged in brazil . 
  if you 're lucky , you might even get raped . . 
  i would laugh , but then i remembered i live in brazil ... so , nevermind !, 
  perhaps not racists , but ignorants !, 
  normally , the ones being called racists were driven by nationalism and anti-immigration fear ... unfortunately , it seems that globalization , when not properly explained , fuels populism !, 
  i went to the one in punta del este - uruguay - and i could n't have put it better myself . 
  the only difference is that the majority were women and they were well over 70 years old ... my guess is that their husbands died and now they have to waste their money on something !, 
  or it 's just addiction ... or both , who knows ... 
  all my bets are on sikhs ... their politeness and willingness to help others never fooled me ... 
  never trust these sick sikh demons !!!, 
  all they want is to be nice and civilized ... ugh !!!, 
  `` we 're sorry we 've arrested you for being gay . 
  we 're sorry we 've kept you on the list of sex offenders . 
  we 're sorry we have n't ackowledged you as victims of nazi persecution . 
  we 're sorry we 've refused you reparations and state pensions . 
  and last but not least , we 're sorry we 've re-imprisioned you for ` repeat offences ' '' . 
  yup ... yemen is available now . 
  i mean , now that saudi arabia already bombed the entire country anyway ... 
  damn you for making me search that on youtube ... 
  meh ... the us would probably have granted you asylum . 
  just kidding , they did n't even take in the jews ... 
  it definitely would ... 
  when people will understand : you do not stop violence by responding with more violence !, 
  it will , on the other hand , incite even more hate and anger and divide us , as a society , even more , harboring the `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  let 's stop for a second and try to address this issues responsibly , like mature citizens , instead of yelling : guns , torture them , and capital punishment !, 
  it wo n't fix this issues . 
  if others are inhumane , try to do whatever you can to stop that behavior , but do n't be like them !, 
  like gandhi said : `` an eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind '', 
  and since when the us should have invaded afghanistan ? 
  it 's the same awful country that it was before . 
  apparently , a man can rape his wife and still go unpunished there . 
  besides , while homosexuality is still punished with capital punishment , a lot of men there have their own boys , because gays are bad , pedophiles are good ... 
  by the way , we all know that from the minute the us leaves the country , the taliban will try to retake control of the country , and since the afghan army is unprepared , they will probably succeed ... the us invasion of iraq and afghanistan was probably one of the biggest mistakes if not the biggest of the 21st century !, 
  `` with your logic , the united states should n't have declared war on japan and germany , or invade afghanistan after 9/11 . '', 
  i was talking about domestic affairs , about the relationship between cops and civilians , not wars against fucked up ideologies . 
  besides , it was seventy years ago ... things change mate !, 
  the solution is police de-escalation , police demilitarization and new more effective models for training - including reduction of racial bias . 
  just because they all use the same uniform , that does n't mean they 're all the same person ... if something is wrong , we should n't repeat it , we should stop it !, 
  no , god no . 
  can you imagine what would happen to states like mississipi and kansas ? 
  poor gay people and atheists ... they would turn this places into christian hellholes !, 
  take a look at this article posted by salon : http://www.salon.com/2016/06/04/we_need_a_new_way_to_talk_about_guns_blame_rage_and_ucla/, 
  it 's a pretty interesting one about the psychology behind shootings !, 
  specially if we take a look at the stats . 
  one in every 4 black people is in jail right now ... 
  the production value is absurd , i agree . 
  and people wo n't just forget in 7 years . 
  it will be as remembered as breaking bad if not more . 
  but , it 's not the best show on tv right now by far . 
  better call saul , the americans , the leftovers , mr.robot , fargo , person of interest , american crime story and hell even the pilot of the night of are just as good if not better than got ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  lol, 
  i was agreeing with you ... 
  they are the ones who watch gay porn the most so you may have a point ... lol, 
  i know you 're joking , but seriously , the number of intentional homicides per 100,000 in brazil is three times higher than iraq ... 
  meh ... 60,000 people in brazil are murdered yearly , if something bad has to happen , it better be a guy trying to put out the olympic flame ... 
  i am sorry but you 're wrong . 
  both bhutan and mongolia are not only stable democracies but also buddhist majority countries , so ... 
  yep , sorry about that . 
  i was just trying to make a point about democratic stability . 
  but the thing is that the term `` first world country '' is pretty outdated and avoided by most experts in the field , because while countries like uae and qatar are incredibly developed - economically speaking , though mostly because of oil - they still follow regressive laws , which , by the way , allow husbands to beat up their wives , punish apostates with the death penalty and have no respect for the lgbt community whatsoever . 
  though , all of the aforementioned would never be allowed in a buddhist country . 
  actually , bhutan is starting to develop a vibrant gay community , it 's still pretty early to say anything but hey ... 
  i personally do n't like the term either because it puts underdeveloped and developing countries in the same group , and while colombia , for example , is no paradise , it 's definitely a thousand miles ahead of let 's say , djibouti . 
  sorry for the long comment lol, 
  meh , just ignore them , life is much easier when you 're feminine !, 
  doing manly things all the time is exhausting !, 
  holy shit ... this is definitely the younger version of don draper !!,
