everyone knew this was a fucking terrible idea except merkel the stupid cunt, 
  of course !, 
  the guns !, 
   the labour party has elected a new leader . 
  it marks a very decisive shift to the left ** for the uk labour party **, 
  fuck that !, 
  we 're going to build a great bloody big fence , fill the channel with sharks and blow up the tunnel , then all we have to do is have a cup of tea and wait for this whole thing to blow over, 
  curry , hot bitches and cheap manual labour ? 
  we 'll take it !, 
  in poland right now , as a brit i say uk policy should be to pay a dividend to polish women who move to our country ( so hot ), 
  cunt, 
  people on the subreddit go one about how the uk is racist , actually we are just anti cunt i think , white cunts , black cunts , yellow cunts , great for fucking but not good to live with , wherever you come from if your going to live here you 've got to become become british . 
  people have been saying that for about 50 years , yet peeps keep on coming , strange that !, 
  the floodgates are open now and everyone from all over the middle east and africa are going to see this as the best chance they have to come live in europe , it 's going to be the biggest migration in a century and germany is going to drown in it . 
  uk on the otherhand is going to take one look and gtfo . 
  disease will increase across europe , medical costs , education , crime , policing , state house building . 
  costs that germany will try to recoup by increase eu membership fee 's . 
  there wil be ethnic tensions , there will be more shootings , bombings and rapes as traumatised young males fail to integrate . 
  the floodgates are open now and everyone from all over the middle east and africa are going to see this as the best chance they have to come live in europe , it 's going to be the biggest migration in a century and germany is going to drown in it . 
  uk on the otherhand is going to take one look and gtfo . 
  disease will increase across europe , medical costs , education , crime , policing , state house building . 
  costs that germany will try to recoup by increase eu membership fee 's . 
  there wil be ethnic tensions , there will be more shootings , bombings and rapes as traumatised young males fail to integrate . 
  next up : everyone who can in libya , somalia , zimbabwe , sudan , congo , liberia , yemen etc. . 
  it 's going to be the biggest mass movement of people since ww2 as 10s of millions of migrants head to europe in the next 12 months . 
  gates are open and merkel shall be remembered as `` the foolish '', 
  would also massively hasten the departure of the roma gypsies to other eu countries, 
  correct we 're caustiously optimistic that we 've done just enough to earn our get out card !, 
  there 's no two ways about it , the uk and it 's people do n't want any more people !, 
  we 're already forecast to have the largest population in europe by 2050 at 80m , we have a high birth rate and are barely keping up , better to not compound the issue even further . 
  smashing !, 
  haha , what !, 
  did i just offend you ? 
  did n't you comment asking if we were going to retake the colonies ? 
  yes you did !, 
  that was you !, 
  and then you got more stupid , but wait !, 
  that 's not all as now you are all annoyed after i ridiculed your ridiculousness . 
  because you 're a silly silly sausage are n't you . 
  i think most people here are more than happy to do that . 
  aka racism , because only white people make good immigrants right ? 
  no its not , it was a blindly reactionary comment when faced with a hard truth , and reciting student union political nonsense is just as bad , you are ridiculous you know that ? 
  the stratospheric rise of the far right in sweden would be one counterpoint to your claim . 
  when the dust settles ? 
  when zombie king arthur and churchill rise again ? 
  a stupid comment gets a stupid answer . 
  i do n't think you know what greed means . 
  if a decision is beneficial then greed would make people and governments jump at accepting and agreeing to them . 
  but avoiding decisions that are on the surface beneficial because of understanding the downsides , no matter how small is just sound planning . 
  the euro , schengen etc were touted as being massively beneficial and they were for a time . 
  but these policies are a now a burden . 
  what you 're describing is envy and that 's your own problem . 
  i see , so please think back and point out how we managed to block anything exactly ? 
  we have had opt outs sure , but this has allowed the eu to carry on regardless , flaws introduced by the eu without uk involvement are not flaws that are a result of us not being involved , although the uk can be a useful scapegoat for the eu superstate countries to avoid reflecting on their mistakes and blind dive into many problems of their own doing . 
  ha , brilliant , i do believe you just proved my point . 
  so we get to select those that are definitely most in need of help and ensure that those in genuine need are brought to our country for refuge ? 
  wait , that sounds like a good idea !, 
  oh wait , apparently we never make the right choices and should just be like germany and let everyone in . 
  pragmatic foresight on our part , we 've never been optimistic about the quality of the decisions that would be made in the name of eu solidarity by the german-french alliance that dominate the eu . 
  turns out this was the right choice to have been made . 
  well , this may be the case , but it 'd help germany more if current arrivals were n't mainly male ... 
  we do n't want to stop immigration , we want to control immigration , specifically eu immigration . 
  yes we 've benfitied from the legions of eu citizens coming here to get a job as their local economies continue to stagnate but for every spanish barrista , french trader or polish plumber we also have the layabouts and scoungers which we have to fight to get to leave . 
  to which your nation capitulated, 
  exactly !, 
  this guy , this guy knows !, 
  down voted , incorrect use of nsfl, 
  post already shadow banned , yay !, 
  useless mods !, 
  in sweden right now and have had to come minimum once a month for the last few years with which my criticism stands . 
  a naive , spoilt , work shy incoming generation , a hopelessly unrealistically fanatical fantastical current generation and a despairing older generation , there are literal ghettos in city suburbs all over the country , nice ones , but ghettos non the less . 
  i 'd happily wager that this all comes to bite you in the ass sooner rather than later . 
  the next generation of swedes live in a fantastical dream world , we all know this ... 
  so while they permit their country to crumble as they import the world 's problems i 'd say despite the immigration issue there is no turning back for them , why ? 
  because the next generation of swede is far removed from the generations that built their paradise and imo have neither the ability or discipline to maintain their country in the coming years . 
  again with this same bloody question, 
  yes , because the center-left are incapable of handling the multiple situations across europe that require tough unemotional decisions . 
  we know !, 
  and its a good reason why we do n't want more of these people coming in , got ta dig out and remove the rot we already have . 
  you basically ca n't slander or more accurately incite others against groups based on their sexuality , ethnicity or religion . 
  bring it on you krauty fuckerssssss !, 
  have you ever thought about entering a long term fx hedging strategy to provide fx transaction stability ? 
  if might be worth you looking into it ( western union , moneycorp , global reach etc ), 
  as a brit who 's commission is paid in usd , this is excellent news !, 
  spain will say that * rogue * criminal fisherman are to blame , but snuffing out any independence precedent is far more important for them and their own restless regions . 
  scotland will have to rapidly fund a navy to patrol its waters as illegal fishing capitalises on the situation . 
  except that spain will veto them every joining as an independent state ... 
  every week she says this about something or the other . 
  well , fuck ... 
  like tesco give a flying fk !, 
  this will be some cost saving thing that shaves 1/2 pence off production costs , i mean it 's tesco !, 
  they 're crap !, 
  handbrake is this sense means , wait ? 
  that does n't sound fair !, 
  can we talk about it ? , sure you have 5 minutes, 
  no , it 's meaningless compared to far more concrete issues and events in the global markets, 
  helps illustrate the opposing views of britain vs germany when it comes to immigration . 
  you 've applied english media to the left wing a papers , we have many more with much higher circulation 's that would be applauding this . 
  but you knew that anyway . 
  dear god , sweden what are you doing !,
