or japanese we killed than vice versa ? 
   us is clearly in the wrong here simply because of the body count . 
  if we 're thinking that literally than yes , but if you think in terms of destruction of lives , i think the japanese in ww2 have that over the us . 
  nanking and other atrocities are far more horrendous , in my opinion maybe not in others but strictly mine , than the atomic bombs . 
  scotland shall be hampered and hemmed if it uses the pound but does n't have a currency union . 
  there are enough nukes to kill the world . 
  with just their blast radius . 
  but it 's not just the blast radius . 
  but the radiation , the gamma radiation , is enough to kill everything . 
  the trade winds & other winds have enough force to take the radiation all around the world . 
  killing everyone . 
  his wording is tricky , on first inspection i believed he was basically saying nuke putin . 
  on second look , i 'm confused . 
  question posed , how is the world appeasing putin ? 
  by not killing itself with a termonuclear exchange . . now i 'm confused ... 
  russia has enough nukes to kill every living thing on this planet . 
  nuclear war is the option that neither side wants . 
  principle , if anyone fires a nuke at russia , everyone dies . 
  nuclear exchange is the single , worst idea that anyone has ever had in the history of man . 
  you 've got a point , but the ukrainians have also called for the trucks to be inspected by the irc & other international bodies . 
  which russia has n't acted on . 
  yet . 
  you do understand the bbc right ? 
  as in , the bbc being a very reputable news source , with credibility & credible journalists right ? 
  that bbc . 
  not the daily mail . 
  i want extra grease, 
   first off , diversity is an acceptance of mass immigration there . 
  right there . 
  you are saying we should all be diverse , & the world should be black & white . 
   particular pressure to immigrants to assimilate or change their culture within the host country and instead a pressure to locals to accept said cultures . 
  countries would be boring then . 
  do n't ask people to assimilate . 
  australia did that with the aboriginal stolen generation , although that was from a different angle , immigrants forcing native to assimilate , , but you ca n't force people to assimilate . 
  it 's barbaric . 
  you can only ask they follow the laws of the land above any other law they hold . 
  assimilation is barbaric . 
  not everyone is going to be british . 
  i do n't want a person who just moved here from iraq to be british . 
  i want them to have their culture , their religion , their food . 
  but , i want the extremism , their prejudices & bigotry to be left in their old country . 
  what mental gymnastics did you do ? 
  i 'm saying groups , such as ukip , have the ground work , racism & bigotry to become terrorist groups . 
  will the ukip be a terrorist group , at any time in the future , unlikely . 
  however , islamist extremist groups stemmed from groups that used racism & bigotry to gain power . 
  racism & bigotry , the only link i am making with the two groups . 
  and i 'd really like you to go through every comment i have made ever & find the one place where i blame islamist extremism & terrorism on ukip . 
  please . 
  find that one place where i directly link extremist islam & terrorism on ukip . 
  if you do , you 've won the prize of finding something that does n't exist . 
  i apologise & give up . 
  it 's taking too long to read through everything , find the points i 'm making , the points your making , counter , rebutt & prove . 
  but i apologise . 
  not all middle eastern culture is causing this . 
  but , the terrorist religion is their culture . 
  & yeah , the uk has a flea compared to saudi, 
  because you brought up that sunni 's & shia 's are universes apart . 
  i was doing what is called , relating . 
  but i guess , some people are too thick to grasp at certain concepts . 
  yes , you . 
  i 'm saying they 're the ground works for terrorists . 
  bigotry & racism . 
  the ukip is not a party you want controlling the uk . 
  their policies are insane , & their leaders are insane . 
  ( one of their mep 's quoted hitler ) [ http://www.politics.co.uk/news/2014/08/11/farage-stays-silent-over-ukip-mep-s-copy-hitler-comments] i never said they were terrorists . 
  i never said they were extremists . 
  but they are the ground work for extremism . 
  like the anti-semetism that was rife throughout europe led to the rise of the nazis . 
  because , people were used to the semetics being bad & being called out . 
  i 'm not saying they 're going to become the uk nazi party , or even the isis of the uk . 
  i 'm saying they 're at the beginning . 
  just , no . 
  mass immigration is a fact we have to deal with . 
  when troops can move from country to country in hours rather than days , civilians get displaced 10x that . 
  also , isolationism worked really well for so many culture in the past did n't it ? 
  & the germans are meant to be efficient . 
  but i have an explanation . 
  serious lefties . 
  many people believe that if they stop those protests , or arrest them it 's `` racist '' & the police are bad for doing that . 
  how they exist is unkown , but they are gaining power . 
  but it 's condemned . 
  it 's godamn illegal . 
  in saudi it 's standard life . 
  they treat their workers as slaves . 
  they basically are slaves , they have no free will , they basically get no pay , & their life is worthless in the eyes of the rulers . 
  yes , sexual slavery is monstrous in europe , but it 's a problem we are trying to fix . 
  & yes , before you start calling me racist , there are many people is saudi that hate the practice of slavery , but they can get arrested because their `` king '' ( i do n't know what they call the leader of saudi ) likes it . 
  but it 's condemned . 
  it 's godamn illegal . 
  in saudi it 's standard life . 
  they treat their workers as slaves . 
  they basically are slaves , they have no free will , they basically get no pay , & their life is worthless in the eyes of the rulers . 
  yes , sexual slavery is monstrous in europe , but it 's a problem we are trying to fix . 
  & yes , before you start calling me racist , there are many people is saudi that hate the practice of slavery , but they can get arrested because their `` king '' ( i do n't know what they call the leader of saudi ) likes it . 
  wow . 
  [ read ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_classification ) ) yeah , you 'll take the first line  race is a classification system used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , and/or social affiliation . 
  but , race sill is  ethnic , genetic genetics . 
  genetics define a persons race . 
  you live in australia , in australia you have white aboriginals , they are still of the aboriginal race . 
  but their skin pigment is white as me or my mate .
