  white as an iphone charger . 
  but their race is aboriginal . 
  ergo , calling a sect of religion as `` race '' and a person who is defining people by religion as racist is wrong . 
   you ignorant bigot but i 'm just getting started . 
  do you know how many different sects of christianity ? 
  well , to start you 've got your protestants & catholics . 
  both very much different in religion . 
  same thing with muslims . 
  there 's millions of different sects of christianity . 
  all with different cultures & in no way a homogenous culture . 
  if i walk down the street , my own culture is vastly different to a guy next to me . 
  also , you 're crying wolf when the wolf is n't here . 
  & yes , to assume someone who is painting someone to be a racist from the word religion is a full blown leftie tosser . 
  indonesia actually does have a terrorist problem as well . 
  but then again , so does the uk & many white countries have problems with radical christians or white people . 
  i shall direct your attention to the edl & ukip . . not as extreme , but the ground work is there , racism , blind hate & bigatory . 
  it 's not all muslims . 
  islam is n't a bad religion . 
  every dominant religion , islam , judaeism , christianity ( protestintism & catholocism ) , bhuddism & hinduism ( names are hard m ` kay ) are peaceful . 
  people just fuck up what their holy text says . 
  it 's not the religion . 
  it 's the people . 
  it 's godamn humans . 
  all of us . 
  you think a ngo can do anything involved with running a country ? 
  ha , your kidding yourself . 
  a government has just , & i mean just , got control . 
  do n't go to your local ngo , go to your local political party & start being active on the political networks , getting people to side with you , from your country & from europe , since that person 's a european citizen . 
  oh wait , this is a subreddit , full of french & europeans . 
  so , it 's actually a good place to start . 
  if they knew that persons name . 
  but it 's also a good place to spit ball ideas & see what gets rejected hard & what does n't . 
  like a focus group ... 
  come down ere m8 and show me, 
  bloody scouser 's what she is . 
  midlands are the areas of england that , well , have some of the worst accents ever . 
  look at history . 
  isis is only a modern version of crusader knights . 
  and the crusader knights had their own land , yet they wanted more . 
  the jewish people invaded the land of israel and took it from other people and exiled them . 
  history repeats itself . 
  and i am confident that in this case , the same would happen . 
  if we left a seriously unstable government in power , who do n't value human life , than that 's a potential threat that can not be ignored . 
  but clearly you think we can go the isolationist route america took at the end of ww2 . 
  you believe just sitting back and letting itself work itself out is better . 
  did n't happen in ww2 so what 's different now ? 
  an isis hitler could rise and imagine how horrific that would be . 
  one would n't just be content with sitting back then . 
  so why let , practically neo-nazis ( i say neo-nazis because they are both extremes , just different scales ) run a country . 
  of humanity is too advance we need every country . 
  every single person on this planet collaborating . 
  otherwise we 'll get a situation such as elysium . 
  the cia believed they had solid intel on a wmd in iraq . 
  saddam proclaimed to the saudi 's that he had a wmd . 
  if anyone after that , believed that saddam did n't had a nuke , they are either stupid or do n't understand intel . 
  the cia had more proof saddam had a nuke than osama bin laden was in the house he was . 
  so yes actually , we , the western world , believed that saddam had nukes . 
  oh wait , people were demanding our governments take action ... having the ability to defend ones self may look the same as the ability to attack someone else , and yes they are basically same , however defensive ability has to be wielded in an offensive way to be a strike . 
  if it 's not used , then why does it matter . 
  and in a world where a threat could come from anywhere in the globe , a major power such as the uk needs the ability to strike from the falklands to lesotho to greenland to anchorage . 
  to defend our allies of needed , to follow the interests of the worls , and to be able to attempt to bring peace to unstable areas and stop massacres from happening . 
   i just ca n't sit by when someone spews such bullshit . 
  so you think that being deployed in afghanistan is wrong . 
  you may want to read [ this ] ( http://www.army.mod.uk/operations-deployments/22713.aspx ) and realise that the taliban are horrid people who massacres people . 
  read the book kite runner or watch the movie . 
  that al-queda is an extremist group , similar to the crusaders us europeans had traipsing around their countries years ago , and need to be stopped , or else civilisation shall take 5 steps back . 
  but i am not one of the ones to have been put through the horrifying fires of war . 
  they had to endure what their leaders wrought . 
  we must ensure that our leaders do not wreak the same havok among us . 
  anything unclear about my language . 
  you 're an asshole . 
  i 'd rather just point you to my other comments . 
  but , yes britain had many geopolitical aims that led to the cause of ww1 , as did all other nations in europe that caused the war . 
  however , the ceremonies are not about the cause of the war , and are definitely not saying the war is just . 
   the uk continues to pursue geopolitical aims which include the safeguarding of oil fields ( bp is the biggest uk company ) and other strategic objectives abroad . 
  this requires that the uk maintains a military capability to strike in iraq , libya , etc. , and perpetuate the myth of the `` just war '' so that the population accepts that the body bags come back home because the uk is always on the right side . 
  for this reason too , wwi needs to be portrayed as a `` just war '' and the sole responsibility for the war needs to be imputed on germany ( re . 
  mayor of london or former minister gove , etc. ) . 
  i do n't know when britain even went to libya . 
  however , saddam was touting to the saudis and the shi-ite ( i have no clue how to spell that ) that he had wmd 's but then would say to the un , mainly the us and uk that no he did n't have anything . 
  how could any major country take that as justification . 
  saddam played a dangerous game , and lost . 
  he tried to spin two stories to two different people , however the us and uk would not and could not take the chance that he had a wmd . 
  the invasion of kuwait proved that he was unstable . 
  if someone is promising ultimate destruction to one person , but to you they 're saying `` oh no it 's fine i 'm just bullshitting them , '' you would n't believe them , so why should the us and uk believe saddam ? 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_army#recent_and_current_conflicts ) of recent and current conflicts en which the british army is deployed , i seem to notice a complete and utter lack of deployment to libya . 
  if you ctrl+f and type libya in , shock and horror it does n't come up with a single hit . 
  tl ; dr ww1 is not viewed as a `` just war '' it 's viewed as despicable . 
  iraq was a `` just war '' and the british army has n't been in lybia . 
  you can not understand it seems . 
  you think that i have this idea that ww1 was glorious , and should be repeated . 
  that i `` admire '' it . 
  and you would be wrong . 
  ww1 was the ugliest , most despicable war that pitted two equally horrible sides against each other . 
  gas attacks , razor wire , machine gunning battalions , no side is free from that guilt . 
  that horrible gut feeling that the reasons the men had to face that challenge was despicable and the men who instigated the war should , in my opinion , be brought accountable for the death and destruction they wrought . 
  but it 's too late for that . 
   a rational person can draw the same inspiration out of any historical event , no mattar if those people happend to live in the same place , or belonged to a country that carries the same name . 
  yes . 
  i never said to the contrary .
