however you decide , visit the country first , even if it its for just a few days !, 
  it 's not just the language , laws and political structure that are different . 
  depening on your current country , it can be a totally different culture - how people interact with each other , how they react to things , how they socialize , etc. 
  can differ in big ways . 
  from what i 've learned from a few turkish guys i went to school with : there are quite a few turkish families in germany that do n't interact a lot with the general german population . 
  you have some huge turkish families living together or close by , visiting only turkish cafes , mosques and do most of their shopping in turkish groceries . 
  so if they do n't want to , they do n't really have to interact a lot with non-turkish people . 
  so imo it 's no wonder that some old people never bothered to learn german - they did n't have to . 
   when willy brandt did a fall to his knees in ~ ~ auschwitz ~ ~ as a sign of excuse and remorse [ warschau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warschauer_kniefall ), 
  according to whom ? 
  not according to german laws at least . 
  iirc no , because there 's no central , organised muslim umbrella organization like the catholic or evangelical churches of germany . 
   can we please stop with this hyperbole when we talk about political parties ? 
  this `` far '' , `` ultra '' , `` extreme '' etc. 
  does n't mean shit and is only used to demonize people we disagree with . 
  to be honest , i was n't sure whether to call them just right-wing or far-right , but their actions over the last weeks seem to put their deologydiology a bit closer to the npd than the cdu/csu . 
   the afd is a liberal-conservative party with a focus on economics that had been the case in the beginning , when lucke still was in charge . 
  but after he was booted out and the east german afd took control , it has noticably moved away from liberal and economic issues and towards a more populistic right-wing rhetoric similar to the npd . 
  the survey was done by a survey institute called `` insa '' that does n't even have a wikipedia page . 
  its ceo is a former member of merkel 's cdu and now also a constultant for the afd , germany 's newest ( far - ) right-wing party . 
  focus online could n't even be bothered to go to one of the big , reputable opinion polling companies ? 
  so yeah , i 'd take those results with a grain of salt . 
   that would mean less ad revenue . 
  yep , and also less visibility on social media and less readers overall . 
  just wanted to point out , that websites already have the option to make people pay to view their content like you demanded . 
   i was there when ads came along . 
  they were not nearly as obtrusive as many are now . 
  no , not in the beginning . 
  but people were n't paying enough attention to them or clicking on them , so we got popups , then popunders , ads hovering over the content until you clicked them away , flash ads with sounds and lots of blinking , etc. . 
  they were n't really a problem in the beginning until they slowly got more and more intrusive and aggressively tried to draw away your attention from the content you came to look at . 
  because advertising companies were n't satisfied with small , unintrusive ads . 
  intrusive ads were n't a reaction to adblockers , adblockers were created in response to people searching for a way to get rid of ads after they had become too obnoxious . 
  that 's also the reason google ads later became so big - they were way less intrusive and loud . 
   it should not be an option to view something without paying . 
  websites can already easily do that by simply putting all content behind a paywall . 
  but most do n't , that 's their own decision . 
  their current business model relies on offering content for free and showing ads in the hope that enough people look at them to earn them enough money to run the site and generate a profit . 
  but that does n't mean it 's the consumers ' ethical duty to make that business model work . 
  if not enough visitors accept their offer to look at ads , then their business model simply does n't work as planned and needs to be changed . 
  if someone offers free beer in the hopes that people will come and buy other products , it 's not really the consumers ' ethical duty to buy those products if they drink the free beer . 
  as a result , there might no longer be any free beer , but do n't blame it on the consumers `` stealing '' that beer without buying anything else . 
   i also wonder how the ads looked like were no one to use adblock . 
  we already know that - they 'd most likely still look the same . 
  ads were a thing on the web before adblock came along and before it became so widespread that website owners and ad companies noticed it . 
  adblock was created as a response to ads that were already so incredible intrusive and annoying that people wanted to get rid of them . 
   now you 're being willfully ignorant . 
  eu vat is absolutely hugely different from us sales tax , in practice . 
  should n't be called equivalent , at all . 
  yes , they are n't really equivalent , but similar . 
  in the end , both vat and local sales taxes are taxes paid out of the consumers ' pockets for purchasing products . 
  vat involves more bureaucracy for the businesses involved in the production . 
   there are plenty of extremely successful examples of how to do it better . 
  and my honest question was : which examples ? 
  all but 11 countries have vat and the few remaining do n't really seem to `` do it better '' . 
  i 'm genuinely interested in what the possible viable alternatives are here . 
   you know that there are popular services to bypass those , that despite probably being technically illegal , many people use ? 
  that would probably be called tax evasion . 
  yeah , some people try to avoid paying taxes , does n't mean that taxes are n't important . 
  in most countries , vat is actually one of the main sources of income for the state . 
  what would you propose as an alternative source of money for those countries ? 
   there are successful countries without anything resembling vat , in practice , at all . 
  do n't let anyone try to fool you otherwise . 
  some of those countries far more economically successful than those in the eu ... 
  which countries ? 
  going by [ this wikipedia list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value-added_tax#vat_free_countries_and_territories ) , `` 11 countries and nine territories under two countries remained vat free . '', 
  including the us , which does have local sales taxes instead of nationwide standard vat rates . 
  the few other countries ( except hong kong ) that could be considered sjomewhat economically successful , like saudi arabia or qatar , get their money from selling their oil . 
  german minister of defence karl-theodor zu guttenberg also lost his doctorate . 
  caused quite a stir and he had to resign . 
  after that , some people set up a wiki to check the theses of other german politicians , which caused some members of the european parliament and state parliaments to resign as well . 
  guess it 's more common in countries where politicians ( and voters ) consider it quite important to have a doctor title attached to their name . 
  a surgeon . 
  if you get stabbed with something , you do n't just pull it out . 
  because there 's a good chance you 're going to cause even more damage to blood vessels , nerves or muscles . 
  or open a big blood vessel that had been sealed by that object so far . 
  that 's why medics and even doctors in emergency rooms do n't just pull out such objects , they let the surgeons do.it in the operating room . 
  i knew i probably should have read the whole article first . 
  yeah . 
  what about cases where both people are over 18 by now and both want to stay married because they 're happy together ? 
  yeah , some people insist on keeping `` einigkeit , recht und freiheit '' in the english article , altjough it 's in no way an official motto . 
  it 's imply the beginning of our national anthem , which is also sometimes quoted on coins or other stuff . 
  but because one or two english books erronously call it a motto , the misinformation stays in the article . 
  germany : werner -- beinhart !, 
  ( love the football game - [ part 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sbytnlyp-g ) , [ part 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk-nppwvwai ) ), 
  afaik facebook has offices in germany . 
  so their assets could be seized and their ceo in germany could be arrested until the fine is paid ( although that would be a rather unlikely approach ) . 
  it 's also possible that there are treaties between germany and the us that allow the german government to collect fines in the us . 
  problem is , teaching people something like this takes a long time and there is n't a good method ( outside of school maybe ) to reach and teach people who consume lots of fake news . 
   facebook ca n't realistically go through every news article and see whether it is fake news or not . 
  it would probably work the same way as with other illegal content . 
  facebook would n't have to go check each and every news article for themselves , but they would have to react if someone notified them of such a fake news item . 
  though that one seems to be from / r/germany , which is an english speaking sub used by non-germans , expats and germans and consists mostly of questions by immigrants , foreign students and tourists . 
  highly upvoted posts seem to be rather rare . 
  the sub primarily used by germans and german-speaking people is / r/de . 
  fun fact : there are actually biologists researching the flora and fauna on the cathedral . 
  they estimate there 's a thousand tons of bio mass on the building : https://www.welt.de/regionales/nrw/article131503289/was-alles-auf-und-am-koelner-dom-lebt.html, 
  as far as dubs go , the german ones are actually pretty good . 
  and if you grow up with dubbed versions , you do n't really notice it . 
  i do watch most english-language shows in english , but i do n't mind watching dubbed versions of many movies and some foreign shows . 
  though when you know the original voices of the actors , the german ones can sometimes be really grating .
