the thing is , with british press , they love thrashing france . 
  how many covers insulting france ? 
  `` the sick man of europe '' , `` the time bomb '' etc. . . you british people really need to stop with the superiority complex . 
  found that : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jluwbzjsz_0/u7nx7cggf6i/aaaaaaaaays/qjg63gn0q-o/s1600/figure.jpg if that is the ` expected statistics ' you 're talking about , i shouldnt worry too much . 
  look at how straight the lines are after 2014 and how they are bunky before . 
  and even then , the uk barely goes over france . 
  as i said , no big deal . 
  and you 're supposed to leave the eu in 2016 or something , no ? 
  it will surely boost your economy . 
  well , my bad . 
  ~ ~ stay classy , downvote the discussion . 
  pretentious ass . ~ ~, 
   pricewaterhousecoopers says only india will overtake britain by 2030 its just here , 2nd line , under the title . 
  you 're welcome . 
  2030 is in 16 years . 
  16 years . 
  in 16 years , we got 2 major wars , 2 crisis , 11/9 , a new global currency , smartphones , ... 
  expecting projected statistics to become reality 16 years after and writing articles about it is not being overly optimistic , its circlejerking . 
  `` muh economy will be stronger than your ! '', 
  we have an armchair general over there !, 
  is it a rethoric question ? 
  i mean , if we go further , why any country pay billions in war gear ? 
  and god dammit , what the fuck is so hard to understand ? 
  all the west did was blocking a few russian citizens at the border , but france alone would have to cut a multi billion dollar deal ? 
  that is some retarded diplomacy you brought here . 
  ahahah and you seriously think russia , the country with 3k nuclear missiles , needs a single ship to invade any baltic country ? 
  damn that ship makes people so butthurt . 
  what is so hard to understand ? 
  sanctions are not made unilaterally . 
  for now , sanctions are preventing some rich russians access to their bank account . 
  this is weak , but this was commonly agreed by all the countries . 
  but for some reasons , every cyber warrior wants france to go over the agreed sanctions and cut a multi-billion dollar legal deal . 
  hey , why not , it would be a strong move , but cut every russian transactions , everywhere , not just to france ? 
  easy to pick on france , but when its your country , you dont want to go to war anymore , do you ? 
  dont bother , the guy keep spamming pro-russia propaganda then remove comments when they sink below 0 . 
  just a putin bot . 
  tag and go on . 
  with a russian sounding name . 
  you spot them like that . 
  dont bother , look history . 
  that guy is as french as i am russian . 
  redditor of an hour . 
  4 messages , all praising russia . 
  name from a russian dictionnary . 
  that 's like , so obvious . 
  i saw 3 of your accounts today . 
  the best was when you answered to your own account . 
   supposed to be a democracy well , it was not supposed to be a democracy . 
  it was an empire , so emperor . 
  and what 's wrong with seizing power with your skills and not by your birthright ? 
  is n't it fundamentally better ? 
  yeah , ok , he was a dictator . 
  what was the monarchs he was fighting against , then , if you 're going to apply modern concepts to old figures ? 
  you didnt answer . 
  and no , he didnt start a single of the seven coalition wars , thank you for your input . 
  a dictator ? 
  what do you call the monarchs he was fighting against ? 
  why dont you call him an emperor ? 
  he at least managed to seize power , not given by his birth . 
  before he attacked britain , austria and i think it was russia or so , declared war on france . 
  so you 're telling me that he isnt the one who started the war ? 
   this is something exclusive to the french . 
   they are the only nationality of tourists who expect you to know their language and for you to speak to them in it . 
  well , i know some other nationalities with the same attitude . 
  to be fair , us , uk and canada did try to fuck him over for quite a long time . 
  im all for shuting him up , but spouting nationalist bs might not be the good response . 
   anything we accomplished has zero relation to europe `` heil hitler '' at nasa would raise a thousand hands . 
  better !, 
  `` how to make sure the uk leaves the eu an stop whining about it '' but we all know they wont stop whining . 
  france is kind enough to let uk 's border control at calais . 
  then we get shit on by your trash media ( with mep calling to invade calais ... ) . 
  so remove that gift , and bam !, 
  no more problems at calais !, 
  they will be allowed to buy tickets to go directly to the uk , like all humans can !, 
  yeah , countries really like being dumped immigrants on their shore , genius . 
  it totally doesnt break 100 treaties . 
   you let [ uk 's border control ] in your borders , so it 's your fault . 
  lets see what you do when the migrants do not stack in calais but in dover . 
  could be worse . 
  those poor souls could have tasted that cheese . 
  * shivers *, 
  we had the same rumor in france , with `` what is boldness '' . 
  just a rumor though . 
  someone more versed told me that he was only giving an example , not defining the subject . 
  expect a bad mark if you do this . 
  or maybe its not about submissions but about who upvotes what . 
  and british redditors are by far the largest country in redditors here . 
  something connecting us all ... like a big net ... or a web . 
  it doesnt work that way . 
  you change , then you are admitted , not the opposite . 
  dont blame the eu for your backwardisation . 
  the `` european extremely far space mission '' to keep with the long standing tradition of glorious european names . 
  i was merely pocking fun at the stereotype that `` french dont speak english even if they know how to '' and your conflicting experience . 
  we are just a misunderstood people . 
  we really try ** hard ** to mess with you and will answer in the opposite langage you speak to us . 
  blamed if we answer in english , ` rude ' if we dont . 
  what can we do to make you people happy ? 
  to be frank , i dont quite get where this `` english is hard '' mentality comes from . 
  its actually the easiest langage i encountered , and i studied german , chinese and english ( i can also grasp some spanish and italian , but thats because i am french ) do you want to see a conjugaison table for a single verb in french ? 
  http://la-conjugaison.nouvelobs.com/du/verbe/plaindre.php we have a tense that only exists in the written form .
