  rather than firing threats across the atlantic , europeans might be better advised to continue engaging with washington . 
  neither side can afford to lose sight of the bigger picture : the minsk agreements will not be implemented , and the situation in ukraine will not change , until moscow faces both costs and incentives . 
  the incentive is a more normalised relationship with russia . 
  but unless costs are raised too , leverage is neutered . 
  instead of undermining sanctions , europeans should strengthen them , starting with extending them for 12 months rather than six . 
  europe and the us have the same end goal of security in eastern europe and a normalisation of relations with russia . 
  this goal should not be thrown away in a crossfire of different commercial interests . 
  doing so would tear apart transatlantic unity on russia and split europe . 
  our unity has a purpose : to drive russia and its proxies out of ukrainian territory it seized by force . 
  it is time for us to change moscow 's calculus . 
  if this bill is not the right solution then europeans need to answer one question : what is ? 
  not an expert on this , but i think the determination on whether or not google or any other company for that matter breaks an eu anti trust law is done not through the eu justice system but through the eu commission . 
  the eu commission hands them out and if the companies disagree only then do they go through the court system . 
  this is different to the us where the determination is made in the court system . 
  so any anti trust watchdog would have to argue before a court on whether or not a company broke the law . 
  at the end of the day its semantics , but in the case of google the fine happened outside of the court system . 
  from what i gather the fines that have been handed out to google werent decided by a judge but by the eu anti trust commission , which google is currently trying to appeal . 
  so whether or not they definitely broke anti trust laws still needs to be determined . 
  also , anti trust laws are often not as clearly defined as things like speeding limits . 
  with some regulation there is more gray zone or vagueness as to what would constitute breaking the law making it harder to be sure that one is fully complying with it . 
  and just judging by reddit comments he is getting away with it, 
   russia would have the same it always had . 
  no it would absolutely not because the only way they could get gas to western europe would be through poland or ukraine . 
  they couldnt bypass them, 
  no one is colateral damage . 
  germany is currently getting oil from russia and that wont change . 
  the pipelines already exist through eastern europe . 
  not having nord stream 2 is not going to change that . 
  it does prevent russia from having leverage on ee, 
  how ? 
  all russia produces is oil and weapons . 
  we dont buy their weapons so we have to hit their oil, 
  1 ) trump is n't pushing for these sanctions its congress 2 ) its funny how people try and make this out to be about us gas interests when russia just tried to hack our election and its in retaliation to that . 
  the fact that a ton of democrats voted for this should be an indicator that its not about gas as democrats are usually against expanding anything fossil fuel . 
  so the sanctions are for the right reasons and completely appropriate . 
  the fact that juncker is trying to paint them as some kind of first shot in a trade war is ridiculous and he knows it, 
  so you have russia destabilizing europe by invading countries ( ukraine , georgia ) , trying to hack elections and fund parties ( france ) and you think giving them the option to bypass countries they are already threatening ( eastern europe ) is a good idea ? 
  no , make them reliant on ukraine , poland , etc and make them learn that its better to have good relations to your neighbors , because otherwise it will come back to bite you . 
   turns against the common position you are right . 
  why are they turning against stability and security within the eu to buy more gas from russia, 
  i mean to a certain extent this type of gridlock was intended for when the us was founded . 
  given that its successfully been around for over 200 years i think there is a lot to this type of system . 
  last thing you want is the government being able to put through too many laws like poland or turkey are currently trying, 
   we 're a long way from the dysfunction that dominates us/uk politics . 
  the us is pretty stable . 
  uk not so much, 
  lol . 
  i guess its money over stability now in the eu . 
  not like putin would use this pipeline as a geopolitical tool or anything against eastern european eu members / s, 
  lol sweden 's nationalist sd party has like what 25 % of the vote and the country is considered more stable than others ? 
  and their government is about to fall apart too, 
  she also only got a minuscule fine for it . 
  given what was leaked a more severe punishment might have been justified, 
   why do you insist , that the eu should be different in this regard i mean a lot of politicians in the eu think they are , so if they are going to pretend then they should at least back it up somewhat, 
   nothing at all on the inside of the meat . 
  i dont think thats the intention . 
  i think they know that washing a chicken in chlorinated water only cleans the surface, 
  if you like that you will like this one too schloss lichtenstein - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fb/schloss_lichtenstein_04-2010.jpg/1200px-schloss_lichtenstein_04-2010.jpg, 
  whether germany grew or not really doesnt have any relevance to if shes authentic or not . 
  also , the question is did germany grow because of her or because of what her predecessor did . 
  germany started booming in 2006 , a year after schroeder left who had enacted a lot of labor and other structural reforms taht have been attributed to germany 's recent strength, 
  i mean what she said at that beer garden wasnt nuanced . 
  and while i agree on that you cant rely on trump what she said pretty much is being interpreted as that its a new era , or a clear break from the past . 
  europe and us are going their separate ways - something she did criticize trump for trying to bring about himself . 
  so maybe she doesnt fake smile and is authentic in how she presents herself , but she does seem to change positions in cases where it could be said that she did it because its politically advantageous . 
  like the only reason she had the vote on the gay rights is because she wanted to prevent that from being an effective spd campaign issue . 
  `` authentic '' flip flopped on nuclear flip flopped on gay rights ( which in this case was good ) criticized trump one week while in europe for in part showing more interest in a good relationship with russia than nato , criticized the us the next for sanctioning russia and blocking nord stream ( intent of which is to limit russian power and which every eastern european nato country is also against ) - even have people in her own government threaten the us with retaliation . 
  etc she has done a few major things that i would say she did for political purposes and that arent authentic . 
   your falling down bridges thats a state specific problem . 
  if you go to south carolina and states like that the infrastructure is great , if you go to ny its not . 
  its dependent on local government though . 
  in terms of healthcare - its an amazing system with the caveat that its more expensive that it needs to be . 
  so if you have money its fine , if not then its a bit dicey . 
  lol we all have our scandals . 
  northern ireland has poop in their coke , michigan has lead in the water . 
  us chipotle has poop in its food , germany has e.coli in its cucumbers etc etc, 
  ill be concerned when/if you start stealing our engineers , startups , doctors , creative types , etc. 
   right now russia is on a far higher moral ground to saudi . 
  saudi is currently obliterating yemen and pumping money into organizations intend on destroying europe as we know it . 
  right now saudi arabia is on a far higher moral ground to russia . 
  russia is currently obliterating ukraine and pumping money/weapons into organizations intend on destroying ukraine as we know it both are shit . 
  one however , is supporting a regime that conducting chemical warfare on its own people, 
  i know what business im starting, 
  not for what your thinking, 
   deport those who do n't your right . 
  they shouldnt have quotas because its unconstitutional . 
  but the `` deport those who do n't '' is not really happening . 
  and thats the problem . 
  they are being rejected , but in a large chunk of the cases not actually brought back to their home countries . 
   asylum is part of the german constitution who can obtain asylum is defined though and a lot of people coming are not asylum seekers . 
  a lot of people are coming from non war torn countries and are crossing the mediterranean for economic reasons which doesnt fall under asylum . 
  and they dont get tired of winning either . 
  their army is yuuge so when they fight they win bigly / s, 
  just someone remind them to buy enough bombs this time https://www.defensetech.org/2011/05/26/u-s-supplying-allies-with-bombs-for-libya-campaign/ `` so a little while ago reports surfaced saying that nato forces were running out of precision munitions to bomb libya with , nato officials quickly denied that rumor and france even started using gps-guided concrete training bombs against gadhafi 's tanks . 
  now afp is reporting that the united states is supplying nato allies with precision bombs and spare parts to conduct the air war over libya '', 
  just remember to purchase enough ammo this time lol https://www.defensetech.org/2011/05/26/u-s-supplying-allies-with-bombs-for-libya-campaign/ `` so a little while ago reports surfaced saying that nato forces were running out of precision munitions to bomb libya with , nato officials quickly denied that rumor and france even started using gps-guided concrete training bombs against gadhafi 's tanks . 
  now afp is reporting that the united states is supplying nato allies with precision bombs and spare parts to conduct the air war over libya '' also , f-35s are ready . 
  just need fixes . 
  its just funny mention this when this specific jet was developed in a program that multiple countries including the us , canada , italy , netherlands , uk , turkey , australia , etc took part in . 
  in fact every f-35 jet has parts from those various members .
