   national jobs but more importantly know-how and r&d capacities who do you think has more know how when it comes to fighter jets and military airplanes ? 
  the us or the eu ? 
  having more f-35s produced in europe would also automatically create more jobs in europe . 
  the jet might have problems , but it currently still outclasses anything else given how many countries are interested in procuring it . 
   it would be a risky investment with very little roi and a very limited usefulness . 
  what is the roi from developing your jets from current 4th gen status to 5th or 6th gen and then only buying a fraction of the planes your competition is making the distribution r&d cost fall on fewer planes and therefore automatically increasing unit prices ? 
  just look at how many eurofighter were built . 
  like 500 and they were introduced in 2003 . sofar 230 f-35s have been built and they were introduced in 2015, 
  the us has invested hundreds of billions into 5th gen and networking and what not . 
  im sure europe could do so too if they wanted , eventually , but they dont even have a stealth jet out . 
  so they would have to pour hundreds of billions into r&d to get to that point . 
  given that europe will probably not even buy a large number of jets the cost per jet will be extremely high . 
  so the question is does it make sense to do so from an economic perspective . 
  i dont really see how it would currently . 
  i mean by the time they start producing this 5th gen type fighter ( at least i think theyll try and do 5th gen ) the us will be building their sixth gen fighter . 
  the price of an f-35 is also rapidly dropping to like $ 85m a piece currently i think . 
  its going to be hard to sell any type of jet in 20 years in conditions where 6th gen fighters are coming online and existing 5th gen fighters will prob be very competitive in pricing . 
  so why not just have an agreement to build more f-35s in europe . 
  they are already building them in italy http://warisboring.com/italy-just-built-its-first-f-35b-stealth-jump-jet/, 
  this lake is as clear as the ocean . 
  not murky at all . 
  civil rights movement . 
  castle doctrine ? 
  those guys are not protestors - they are rioters lighting cars on fire, 
  if i were a property owner at any of those locations id want to have a gun to prevent them from trashing my store or car , because apparently there isnt a big enough police force to prevent this kind of stuff . 
  if the government can handle security appropriately then its another matter , but apparently the government in hamburg cant . 
  this is why some countries opt to have guns, 
  didnt even notice, 
  i guess if you 'd make a cis estonia you would just about cover every murder each season edit * csi estonia, 
  no one should be suing ( the eu isnt really suing , they are imposing taxes and fines ) and no one should be slapping on import taxes on anything . 
  the eu loves to pick on us tech firms , while the us seems to be starting to pick on european manufacturing firms . 
  none of this is healthy for any economy and for us as consumers, 
  `` you can always count on americans to do the right thing - after they 've tried everything else . '', 
  - winston churchill the us in the `` try everthing else '' phase, 
  `` society 's failure to understand the military profession opens the door for right-wing ideologues in the bundeswehr to lay exclusive claim to military values and to commit abuses in their name . 
  where extremism and excessive violence occur , the bundeswehr regularly turns a blind eye to misconduct within its own ranks , expecting blanket condemnation of their profession if failures come to light . '', 
  this goes for so many things . 
  societies failure to understand what inner city kids struggle with and them feeling neglected leads to gangs . 
  societies failure to understand working class people 's struggles makes them vote extreme right or left . 
  societies failure to connect to muslims leads them to look inwards and find their answers with radical fanatics . 
  there is a real push these days to strangle online speech . 
  the canadian supreme court just ruled to have google remove specific search results world wide . 
  imagine every country does that, 
  big chunk of the problem is that this diaspora forgot why they went on diaspora in the first place and now think its great what these leaders do . 
  i get that . 
  but as soon as they would start increasing pricing like that they would fall under the us anti-trust interpretation of what a monopoly is and have the justice system after them . 
  it seems like the eus approach is to proactively try and prevent something from becoming a monopoly vs the us approach of just going against it when it does happen . 
  i mean aldi and lidl do that too . 
  they arent just the grocery store , they take products that sell well and make their own branded versions cutting out food producers . 
  but no one would say that the german grocery industry is a monopoly , oligopoly or non-competitive . 
  1 ) how did the us get in this convo ? 
  2 ) us is much bigger than any of those countries so any policy they would implement automatically affects a lot of people 3 ) i think your on thin ice if you say that the first major western democracy is not really a democracy . 
  i mean we could look at several countries in europe that have a large foreign population that have lived there forever and arent allowed to vote either . 
  we could also point to hte fact that lot of european countries dont actually elect their leader but elect the party that elects the leader . 
  that could be considered not that democratic either, 
  to give you an extreme example - if saudi arabia had a democratic election ( which would be amazing in itself ) and if they were to elect a lesbian it would be considered an amazing transform from a theocracy to a pretty liberal country . 
  and everyone would report it , because its news worthy . 
  i guess serbia falls somewhere in the middle of the spectrum so its pleasantly surprising that they did this . 
  with denmark - we are already used to them being an open society . 
  i guess just looking at pricing to figure out if something is monopolistic makes things more straight forward . 
  has its disadvantages but also has its advantages . 
  if you look at structure aswell then things like amazon with its 46 % market share could be considered a monopoly . 
  but the reason they keep prices low is because if they start increasing anything they will get competition from indirect sources . 
  you dont have to buy xyz online , you can buy it at a brick and mortar store . 
  you dont have to even buy at amazon . 
  it costs little to nothing to start an import business and sell goods online . 
  so yes , its an online monopoly but it has a lot if indirect or even direct non online competition . 
  so is it really a problem that amazon could be considered a monopoly and should regulators even try to restrict their expansion if it benefits consumers as much as it does ( at least for the time being ) ? 
  these kind of things should be done in court . 
  they have huge repercussions and follow on law suits . 
  thats how its done in the us for cases like these, 
  which ireland said they dont have to pay lol . 
  `` unlike us antitrust agencies that need to win their cases in court , the ec can prohibit the abuse of a dominant position without obtaining a court order . '', 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/washingtonbytes/2017/03/16/7-reasons-why-europes-antitrust-cases-against-google-are-a-big-deal/#7aea3fa01498 the eu definitely had eu law in mind when they levied these fines . 
  / s what kind of crap is this that they can do this outside of a court system ? 
  `` the vw case is not an antitrust case '' - neither is the apple ireland tax situation yet that didnt stop them from trying to fine them $ 14b, 
  `` ec can prohibit the abuse of a dominant position without obtaining a court order '' they can just go around fining people and then hope that the appeals dont revoke the fines 15 years down the road, 
  `` the commission has the power to fine google up to 10pc of its annual revenues , or $ 9bn ( # 7bn ) . '', 
  plain ridiculous sum . 
  `` experts and some of the company 's competitors claim that any changes would most likely require greater oversight of google 's products , including a potential independent monitor over its search services ( and , potentially , its algorithms ) in europe to guarantee that it continues to comply with the antitrust ruling . '', 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/business/google-eu-fine-antitrust.html i think we should ask vw for insights into their technology then to make sure they arent `` cheating '' again . 
  `` unlike us antitrust agencies that need to win their cases in court , the ec can prohibit the abuse of a dominant position without obtaining a court order . '', 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/washingtonbytes/2017/03/16/7-reasons-why-europes-antitrust-cases-against-google-are-a-big-deal/#7aea3fa01498 the fuck is this ? 
  what stops them from fining everyone they can ? 
  someone like erdogan would use that to sue people who insult him . 
  that opens up the door to a lot of lawsuits as any time a person gets made fun of , insulted , feels embarrassed or what not there is the possibility of it going against the `` protection of human dignity '', 
  `` up to '' . 
  like how in some countries a `` life prison sentence '' is 15 years and you get out on parole after like 5, 
  who is doing what http://www.dw.com/en/german-intelligence-spied-on-white-house/a-39365418 `` german news weekly der spiegel reported on thursday that it had received materials documenting german surveillance efforts aimed at a number of us businesses and government , including the white house . '', 
  ok so lets remember this when the eu decides to fine apple for 13b dollars to pay irish taxes when the irish government themselves dont want it, 
  israel is a bit low . 
  they are a huge tech center, 
  its cheaper to use existing pipelines than to build new ones, 
  they werent hostile before they were invaded , they were hostile after russia started being hostile by invading, 
   hostile partner . 
  i would be hostile too if my neighbor decided to annex my garage just because i let him park his car there, 
  the italians are builiding an f-35 factory . 
  so are the japanese . 
  lockheed is looking to produce this in multiple countries, 
   russia actually has leverage over its european customers by threatening to cut off gas supplies that was the quote you didnt think was true .
