so then get luxembourg to stop being a tax haven . 
  they are in the eu . 
  junker is the president of the eu and was the prime minister of luxembourg . 
  i am sure he has enough power to get them to change . 
  yes and they also pay all the taxes they have to by law . 
  you dont like that they pay the amount they do then go ahead and increase the corporate tax rate . 
  tax is on profit i think, 
  amazon , apple , et al not exactly leeches . 
  they create products/services millions of people want . 
  if they are just being leeches then dont buy their stuff . 
  they also employ a shit ton of people . 
  alright well since you cant use google translate here you go . 
  this is their official name socialist unity party of germany - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_unity_party_of_germany, 
  so i guess the sed - sozialistische einheits partei deutschland aka the government that ran `` socialist '' east germany wasnt far left either then . 
  nor the current `` socialist '' venezuelan government . 
  if you want to call yourself a fascist then your a fascist . 
  if you want to call yourself a socialist then you get put in the same bucket as all the other people who call themselves socialists . 
  `` aware he calls himself one , but his policies still operate within a capitalist system '' well thats how it all starts . 
  and if hes a socialist in private that puts him far left of spectrum, 
  are sandinistas extreme left , or the cuban government ? 
  because bernie has iterated support for both . 
  trump is pretty extreme right . 
  `` we say a clear no to the 2 percent target of trump , '' and to the cdu and its bavarian sister party the christian social union , wrote schulz and oppermann . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/trump-defense-german-minister-says-government-not-pandering/ so from the outside it kinda looks like they are trying to tie this 2 % goal to a wish trump made instead of a verbal commitment germany made years ago , thereby making it seem like this statement was made for political purposes rather than following any security logic . 
  so they have 9 % voting extreme left and 27 % voting extreme right ? 
  i guess thats not as bad as 50 % voting extreme right and 25 % voting extreme left here in the states . 
  lol you want to all these countries giving up national control over their military personnel when you cant even agree on things like who is responsible for how many immigrants . 
  imagine trying to go to war in a scenario where the french operate the majority of the navy , the italians the army and lets say the germans the airforce . 
  you want to go to war but the italians decide its not of political interest to fight in god knows were ( eventhough that sounds more like something the germans would say ) . 
  how are you going to fit a war with only a part of your military . 
  because they are theocracy too . 
  saudi arabia sucks ass and we should absolutely not be giving them weapons . 
  however , iran is causing just as much regional instability ( they are involved in gaza , yemen , lebanon , syria , afghanistan , iraq ) and they are one of two countries in the world right now threatening another with nuclear annihilation . 
  i didnt say it shouldnt be fixed - what i am getting at is that people here pretend like they are breaking the law which they are not . 
  the amount of upvotes tells me its a popular opinion . 
  if i go to r/the _ donald and see something with a lot of upvotes then i know it most likely resonates with his voters as well . 
  lol they arent breaking the law so its not evading, 
  finally we hear what the real motives are here . 
  its not about fair taxation , its specifically about us companies that are dominant and that europeans want to peg down a notch . 
  you could have added a bunch of other non us tech companies that use the same loopholes but you didnt . 
  taking after guido westerwelle i see, 
  i was just talking about how much the insurance part cost a month - not what i end up spending once i do go to the doctor on top of that . 
  its not the crazy number people have been throwing around here , but i agree , its still a bit too high, 
  i mean its $ 300 a month or so . 
  its not that bad, 
  the average american is also like 10 years younger so on average americans and germans are at different stages in their lives . 
  people 's income tends to peak in their 40s and 50s so if we account for that the gap should be even bigger, 
  on the flip side we dont pay 40 % income tax or 20 % sales tax, 
  russia 's gdp isnt 3.8 t. 
  its smaller than that of spain, 
  im suprised its not karl marx or luther . 
  not that i believe in any of what they say but just by pure impact . 
  nord stream 2 would hurt germany too because it would divide the eu risking more countries from wanting to leave, 
  yeah and neither germany , england , holland or austria are being threatened by russia - unlike the baltics , poland , etc. 
  if you want to keep the eu together and prevent more countries from splitting off maybe it would be a good time to be a little more united and not let in the grand scheme of things minute pipeline contracts derail decades old relationships you have been trying to build, 
  intent is what matters . 
  the intent of the pipeline is to have another option to get gas to their biggest customer , bypassing all the little ones . 
  its a threat to eastern europe . 
  germany knows that and doesnt care so yes , they are also causing the division . 
  but again , it has to do with russia and something they are involved in . 
   half of europe wants nord2 half does not definition of division lol - and it involves russia, 
  you mean shes too busy complaining about the lack of shopping options on google.com, 
  i think trump doesnt want to divide europe he wants to abandon europe . 
  the effect of that being that it is unifying europe on several issues . 
  russia on the other hand is still successfully dividing europe ( nord stream 2 as example ) . 
  there is a theory going around that the north koreans have recently received help from another country to build their latest rockets as their tech has significantly improved, 
  there was no `` joint front '' approach on nord stream 2 even though it affects eastern europe , was there ? 
  they have been trying to push that through for years now , so its also not like its a recent thing . 
  you know whats weak ? 
  when sigmar gabriel and merkel come out and accuse the us of passing sanctions with the motive of trying to sell expand their gas sales to europe , when they are the ones actively promoting nord stream 2 - a pipeline where germany will profit at the expense of eastern europes energy security, 
  it has been over three years since russia seized crimea and launched a proxy war in eastern ukraine . 
  there are few signs that the war will end . 
  russia-backed forces are either digging in or pushing forward and europe 's response is not working . 
  fresh thinking is required to initiate a ceasefire and end the killing . 
  france and germany 's efforts to de-escalate the war through the so-called minsk agreements and the normandy format have kept russia at the negotiating table . 
  european and american economic sanctions signalled to moscow that smashing the international rules-based order comes with consequences . 
  however , if a war of attrition is aimed at wearing down opponents and testing who has the strongest mettle , we are now seeing russia wage a `` cold war of attrition '' against the west . 
  moscow 's tactic is to divide transatlantic unity , especially over sanctions policy . 
  in recent weeks i have begun to fear vladimir putin , the russian president , could succeed . 
  the consequences if he does would be tragic . 
  european measures have hurt the russian economy , and contributed to a 3.7 per cent decline in russia 's gross domestic product in 2015 . 
  us sanctions buttress european unity in the face of reluctance by a few eu members . 
  this joined-up approach has stopped russian forces from rolling further west . 
  easing sanctions now would signal to all autocrats and dictators that aggression comes with only a time-limited cost . 
  but sanctions have not stopped moscow and its proxies from creeping forward with the integration of the donbas into russia , or from deploying cyber attacks and assassinations . 
  from february-may 2017 , the un recorded a 48 per cent increase in civilian casualties in ukraine from the previous quarter . 
  currently the cost is too low to change russia 's behaviour and abide by the minsk agreements . 
  it is time to change the kremlin 's calculus and raise the cost of its aggression . 
  this was partly the rationale behind the us sanctions bill , adopted this week in the house of representatives by 419 votes to three . 
  the bill both codifies and extends us sanctions on russia , not least in response to concerns that president trump could ease sanctions under a grand bargain with mr putin . 
  the bill would make this virtually impossible without congressional approval . 
  the vote should be welcomed as bringing more predictability to transatlantic efforts on russia , but it has come under attack by some in europe . 
  within 24 hours of the senate 's 98-2 vote last month , the german foreign minister and austrian chancellor fired off a joint press release , threatening the future of the `` effectiveness of our [ joint ] stance on the conflict in ukraine '' . 
  their ire was drawn by sections of the bill that could see european , and us , energy companies affected by new sanctions . 
  germany has interpreted this as a threat to its planned nord stream 2 gas pipeline , and a measure to promote us liquefied gas ( lng ) exports . 
  supporters of nord stream 's parent , gazprom , as well as states wanting to lift sanctions , have seized the chance to spread misinformation about the senate 's intentions . 
  the us rightly opposes nord stream 2 , and is justified in pushing its lng exports , which were called for by the eu just a few years ago . 
  this bill is not the trojan horse that has been portrayed . 
  the bill 's energy measures are not automatic but are applied only at the president 's discretion . 
  the revised bill makes clear new sanctions should be adopted in `` co-ordination with allies '' and stresses continuing to `` uphold and seek unity with european and other key partners on sanctions '' .
