well i 'm here in madrid , in august ... fuck me . 
  and gave western thrace to bulgaria and maintained the dodecanese islands under italian rule . 
  i do n't understand how they , who consider themselves nationalist , can support someone who literally dismantled their country . 
  according to latest studies/surveys spanish is the mother tongue of a bit more than 50 % of the catalans . 
  take into account that catalonia received a lot of immigration from other parts of spain ( mostly andalucia and extremadura ) in 20th century , most of them migrated to the cities and surrounding metropolitan towns , especially in barcelona and tarragona . 
  however , many of these spanish speaking catalans are `` new independentists '' , there 's been a huge change in the support of catalan parties in the last years in part due to the economic crisis , especially from the socialist party to the independentist catalonian republican left . 
  agreed . 
  what is human ? 
  in my opinion only homo sapiens , not for all hominid humanoids . 
  that 's true , northern portuguese accents are close to galician . 
  i 've been several times to valen\u00e7a and the accent is just the same to the southern villages around nigr\u00e1n , baiona , tui , a guarda , etc. 
  i know , we speak two varieties of the same language imo , even if both accents are different to each other and galician has more archaisms and * castilianisms * , but we have our own identity . 
  til i am an ethnic portuguese . 
  i know , my point is that a catalan nationalist/independentist would never wear a spanish flag , and in spain the situation of the catalan language , culture and self-government is so much better than in french catalonia ( rousellon ) . 
  so how come he does n't have any problem with wearing a french flag while accusing spain of destroying catalonia ? 
  i do n't think that catalan-speakers can be compared to californian english-speakers . 
  if any , they could be compared to the californian spanish-speakers of the state , who are the original inhabitants , while the catalan spanish-speakers could be compared to the californian english-speakers , as both are the `` recent '' immigrants . 
  in any case it is not the best of the comparations . 
  i get your point , and if you want to have your own state because you think it is the best way of defending your language , culture , your economic interests , or whatever , well work and fight for it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love spain and i want it to remain united , but i also respect your right for self-determination . 
  and even if i want spain to remain united , it 's not even one of my priorities . 
   but how dare we want to speak catalan in catalonia ... we 're talking about the balearic islands , not about catalonia , but thanks for the info . 
  that 's even worse . 
  that he now wears a french flag i mean , while being a catalan nationalist . 
  the actual government of the balearic islands looks quite `` balearic '' to me , at least after their names . 
  the radicalisation must come from some where else . 
  for elementary education it says that catalan ( preferebly the dialectal variety of the isles ) must be used at least the same amount of time as castilian . 
  for secondary education it stablishes a 50 % of catalan , not at least 50 % . 
  please read article 18 b ) . 
  in any case , this decree was also developed by a pp government . 
  seriously , i do n't think we can historically accuse the popular party of having an anti-catalan and pro-castilian attitude in the language used in the balearic schools . 
  no , that 's not correct , the previous law , also developed by a pp government was from the 90s , and established a 50/50 proportion between catalan and castilian . 
  and just for your info , it was the pp government which developed the current education system in ~ ~ 2007 ~ ~ 2004 , making it mandatory that catalan should be used ** at least ** 50 % of the time . 
  edit : correcting education system date . 
  downvotes ? 
  lol , looks like sarcasm is not understood by some people . 
  please stick yourself to the facts , try to keep an objective discussion about the change in the education system in the balearic islands . 
  lest 's not turn this in a subjective and passionate debate , throwing terms such as fascists , nationalists , centralists , etc. 
  however , its at least ironic you accuse someone else of trying to destroy the catalan language while showing a french flag , just saying ... 
  i think we should throw some more info to make the discussion a little bit more objective : under the current education system 90 % of the public elementary schools in majorca teach only in catalan except for spanish language class . 
  actually among this 90 % , there are five schools which use spanish in spanish language class and in another different subject . 
  the rest of the public schools , 12 , are either bilingual in spanish and catalan ( 50 % each ) , 6 , or trilingual in different proportions , 6 . 
  in the private elementary schools 34 % are bilingual in spanish and catalan , and 44 % only use catalan except for spanish language class . 
  the trilingual system approved by the pp ( spanish conservatives ) government arranges the lecturing classes in the following order : - 30 % catalan - 30 % spanish - 30 % english - 10 % decided by each school those are the figures . 
  no , it will actually increase from only being taught in `` lengua y literartura castellana '' ( is this subject still called like this ? ), 
  in most schools , to be used in at least 30 % of the learning time . 
  do you really know it or are you just assuming it ? 
  thanks for your answers . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but how can you claim that * the ultimate goal of this reform is to make it difficult for children from non-catalan speaking families to learn catalan * , when you do n't even know how the proportion of classes taught in catalan is going to change from the current system to the trilingual one ? 
  in what proportion are languages used in the current system ? 
  and how will this proportion change with the trilingual system ? 
  just a question . 
  i thought these demonstrations were against the trilingual system for the balearic schools ( english , catalan and castilian ) , because most teachers thought there are not enough funds and preparation to introduce english as a learning language . 
  am i wrong ? 
  why not ? 
  the prime meridian crosses spain . 
  edit : okay , i just watched the video ... 
  well , we are in the wrong time zone . 
  our time zone should be the same as britain and portugal . 
  just curious , gibraltar has the spanish time zone , right ? 
  well , it is under the name of portuguese . 
  but you 're right , as the galicia autonomy statute does n't make any reference to the portuguese language , nor to its relation with galician , even if they are the same language . 
  actually galician is an official language of the eu , if considered a variety of the portuguese language . 
   galician has also been accepted orally as portuguese in the european parliament , having been used by some galician representatives , among others : jos\u00e9 posada , camilo nogueira and xos\u00e9 manuel beiras . 
  as a madrile\u00f1o , thanks a lot for a ssuming i 'm a fascist and a centralist ... 
  if an independence referendum was held in the basque autonomous community , province by province , gipuzkoa would definitely vote for independence , bizkaia would likely vote for independence but not sure at a 100 % , and araba would surely vote against independence . 
  looking at how the basque autonomous community works , where each province has a high degree of autonomy within the basque autonomous community , it is likely an hypothetic referendum would be held province by province , and not as a whole . 
  only catalan , basque , galician and canarian are somehow relevant , and only majoritary in catalonia and the basque country . 
  ethnicity is a term quite difficult to define . 
  are bavarians and low saxons the same ethnicity ? 
  well , catalans and castilians are culturally and linguistically closer to each other than these two . 
  according to snps genetic studies all iberians cluster together , being the basques the most different , but still inside the iberian cluster . 
  i think all of us , no matter our ideology , can agree that the education minister mr. wert is a complete idiot . 
  and let 's face it , he did n't want to `` espa\u00f1olizar '' catalan kids , what he really wanted was to `` castellanizar '' them . 
  what many centralists ca n't or do n't want to understand is that speaking catalan and celebrating the catalan culture , is the way catalans had of being spanish . 
  spain , until the arrival of the borbons was decentralised country , foralism was the rule in spain not centralism . 
  catalanism is not the enemy of spain , the real enemy is centralism . 
  right now the catalan independentist movement has not an identitary or ethnic base . 
  the thing about the flag , the language , the national anthem , etc. 
  was true some years ago , when independence had the support of 15 % -20 % of the catalan population . 
  in 2009 the support for independence was of 20 % , right now it is around 50 % . 
  there 's something different to language , flag , history , etc. 
  that has made that 30 % of the population turn in favour of independence . 
  let 's not forget that most of these new independentists are castilian-speaking catalans whose parents or grandparents are immigrants from other parts of spain . 
  unlike basque nationalism , catalan independentism/nationalism is pure economic nationalism . 
  people really think that independence will help them to get over the economic crisis , that they will have better jobs and earn more money . 
  these people also see the central government as the cause of all evils they 're suffering . 
  independence is their last desperate choice . 
  will it be the correct choice ? 
  hhmmmm ... we could found a new country in that corridor ... with hookers and blackjack !, 
  the cultural border between central europe and south eastern europe is the border of 1914 austro-hungarian empire . 
  yes , catalonia alone finances the rest of the country ... * facepalm * i 'm in favour of catalans self-determination right , but this is just plain stupid . 
  seriously ? 
  at least you could translate the article to english so everyone can reach to their own conclusions , because your title is at least manipulative . 
  are n't catalonian independentists a bit disappointed with president mas ? 
  i mean , just some months ago ciu claimed the independence referendum was going to take place in 2014 no matter what , and right now they decide that if they ca n't reach an agreement with the central government they should delay it to 2016 . 
  their argument is that the 2014 referendum is against the spanish constitution , and as long as the constitution is not reformed , or the central government does n't allow the referendum to take place ( who knows how ) , it would be an illegal referendum , therefore rejected by the eu . 
  so their alternative option is to wait until the 2016 regional elections , to obtain a majority of votes for the independentist parties ( these parties should declare their independentist position in their electoral programme ) , and then declare the independence in the catalan parliament . 
  okay , as if this was not against the spanish constitution !, 
  it really does n't make much sense to me .
