  it looks like mr. mas got cold feet , and expects to re-negotiate in those two years a new financiation for catalonia . 
  erc , mas main ( or only ) supporter apart of his own party has already said that the referendum is definitely going to take place in 2014 , while mas partner in his own party federation ( ciu is made up by cdc , mas party , and demo-christian ucd , leaded by dur\u00e1n i lleida ) remains silent and doubtful . 
  it may look like spanish and portuguese are really close to each other , what is true , so most spaniards who visit portugal do n't even bother to try to speak portuguese . 
  but the fact is that spain is a really chauvinistic country in what refers to language , `` half of the world speaks our language so why should we bother to learn another language '' , one of the main reasons why spain has such a poor english level . 
  i can totally understand it is a really annoying attitude , nontheless shared by other countries : france , britain , usa , etc. 
  everytime i visit portugal i try to speak portuguese , i can speak galician , so i can speak at least some portuguese , but about half of the times , when people detect my spanish accent they directly switch to spanish , what annoys me a little bit . 
  and this is my personal opinion , but i think that it is easier for portuguese people to understand the spanish accent , than for spaniards to understand the portuguese one . 
  about the olivenza/oliven \u00e7a issue , i do n't think it is comparable right now to gibraltar , as portugal has not done any official claim since the congress of vienna in 1815 . 
  as far as i know , officially , portugal is happy with the current situation . 
  in any case i would be absolutely happy to return olivenza as far as those were the wishes of the local population , that 's my same opinion regarding the gibraltar conflict . 
  about perejil , nobody gives a damn about it . 
  it was just morocco looking what spain 's reaction would be if they invaded a north african spanish territory , and spain had to show them . 
  it 's not about perejil , but about ceuta and melilla . 
  it would n't be the first time , morocco invaded western sahara in 1975 . 
  i do n't think the ilhas selvagens issue is comparable , spain is not planning to invade them , i 'm pretty sure the eez problem will be peacefully solved by the eu , causing no diplomatic tension at all . 
  about the prestige , it was not a spanish boat , i do n't know what the problem with portugal was , did spain try to move the boat back to portuguese waters ? 
  all i know is that the marx brothers could 've solved the problem much better than the spanish administrations , and that it resulted in a complete disaster for the galician natural environment . 
  that makes me sad , i did n't know portuguese people had such a bad opinion about spain . 
  yeah , i know , we suck . 
  i 'm still quite a lusophile though . 
  we must be doing something very wrong when even our beloved portuguese brothers prefer to be allies with the english corsaries than with us ... 
  portuguese men are allegedly known to be the most handsome men in europe , perhaps you 're dashingly handsome outside portugal . 
  i think there 's been an important increase in spain in the last decades , mainly because of better nutrition . 
  my grandfather , born in 1900 was about 175 cm , my father , born in 1942 ( post-war spain ) was 183 cm when he was young , or at least that 's what he claims . 
  i was born in 1983 and i 'm 186 cm , what would make me relatively tall for a country like spain , however younger generations appear to be even taller than me . 
  if anything morocco could relate to the almoravid and almohad empires , from the 11th to the 13th centuries , but in that case spain could equally realte to the visigothic kingdom of spain , or even to roman province of hispania . 
  for the rest , i totally agree with you . 
  it is not worth it . 
  they can claim whatever they want to , but how can it be territorial integrity when these territories have never been part of morocco ? 
  for all i know mr. muhammed vi can claim territorial integrity over the city of oslo , it wo n't change the fact that it was never part of morocco , just like ceuta and melilla . 
  in any case , i think we should respect the wishes of the local population regarding the sovereignity of the territories they live in , i said it previously , and that 's my point of view . 
  actually , these territories have never been part of morocco , so it is a totally different issue . 
  ceuta and melilla have been part of spain ( or portugal in the case of ceuta ) , hundreds of years before the kingdom of morocco was even founded . 
  ceuta and melilla are not tax havens unlike gibraltar , and there are no constant border conflicts with morocco about it . 
  they work as any other spanish autonomous region , and do n't have any special colonial status . 
  ceuta and melilla were iberian before the whole iberian peninsula was reconquered to the muslims . 
  ceuta was even part of the roman province of hispania , and later part of the visigothic kingdom of spain . 
  i think most spaniards do n't care wether gibraltar is british , spanish or independent . 
  it is not a matter of sovereignity for most spaniards , there are some more important issues : - taxation - tobacco smugglery - drug trafficking - fishing issues - expansion through spanish land right now the more important issues for most spaniards are the fishing problem ( what the current crisis is all about ) , and the fact that more than 50 % of the gibraltarians live outside gibraltar in the surrounding spanish villages , but do n't pay any taxes in spain because they have their legal residence in gibraltar . 
  i respect the right for self-determination in any territory of the world , so i personally , as a spaniard , do n't have any problem with gibraltarians prefering to be british or independent than spanish . 
  yes , but the thing is that the utrecht treaty , in which spain recognises the sovereignity of britain over gibraltar , clearly states that gibraltar has no territorial waters . 
  i do n't know how this would be applied under current international law , as the treaty is of 1713 . 
  the problem is that the elections were held in a plebescitary way from the point of view of jxs\u00ed and cup . 
  jxs\u00ed and cup have commited themselves to the independence of catalonia , something that has not been done by csqp , they have actually publicly rejected the unilateral declaration of independence . 
  so the people who really support independence have voted for jxs\u00ed or cup , not for csqp . 
  there might be independentists in csqp , but for whatever reason they have decided not to vote for the two only parties who openly support the independence of catalonia . 
  the only way to have a clear picture of the situation would be a proper referendum , something i support . 
  but todays elections ca n't be seen as a victory by the independentist sector . 
  but the also independentist irish parliamentary party received 22 % of the vote , so it resulted in a wide independentist majority of 70 % . 
   was n't there enough support from ciutadans ? 
  ...  have n't seen it outside of badalona to be honest . 
  well , maybe some pp ` eros did it , but the main xenphobic party here , pxc has just been killed in these elections , so i strongly disagree with stating that the trend has come over here . 
  i 'd say that it came here last municipal elections and died with these new ones that 's interesting , where do you think the pxc votes went to ? 
  he probably pissed off all the other parties with his message , but honestly , i think they were already pissed at him just by being a pp member , and i seriously doubt he could have ever received the support of any of them , with or without his xenophobic speech . 
  his xenophobic/populist speech granted him more sympathies than he previously had , it 's not a thing about this guy , badalona , catalonia or spain , it is a common trend that can be seen in all europe , we are even seeing it ourselves in this thread . 
  i 'm not criticising the electoral system . 
  my point is that his xenophobic message did n't make him lose any votes , it made him gain more votes , and it strengthened his position in badalona . 
   important to note that on the last election this guy - who was the mayor of badalona - was kicked out of the town hall to be fair , that guy , garc\u00eda albiol , was kicked out because all the other parties united against him , but he actually received almost 4,000 votes more than in the previous elections in 2011 . 
   however , i do recognize that these grievances have become relevant for many catalans because a very real , strong national identity exists . 
  in that sense the catalan secessionist movement is still truly nationalist , but driven by economic and political rationales . 
  yes , it definitely exists , it has always existed , but imo it does not represent the majority of the current catalan independentist movement , which focuses less on identitary issues and more on economic matters , making it more receptive and rational , and as we 've seen in these last years much more successful . 
   the nationalist identity polls ( google `` moreno question '' ) changed dramatically after 2010 , so the moreno question is more likely an indicator of support for more extensive home rule ; and a symptom of the nationalist mobilization . 
  nationalist identity must not be a strong factor if it suffers such a radical change in such a short time . 
  people stopped identifying as spanish as a reaction to the central govt rejection to the new catalan autonomy statute ( 2010 ) and to the rejection of catalonia collecting its own taxes ( 2014 ) . 
  the identity change is motivated by a political and economic event , not by a national/cultural/linguistic pride increase , therefore not truely nationalistic . 
  yes , but according to that source it is a huge majority , 66 % , those who feel spanish at some level . 
  that does n't change the fact that many of those would want an independent catalonia due to other reasons . 
   catalonia has a pretty big , spanish-minded ( and speaking ) minority not even a minority anymore , probably slightly over 50 % of the population , although concentrated in urban areas , especially barcelona and tarragona . 
  however , many of them vote for independentist parties . 
  in catalonia , unlike in many other parts of europe , the nationalist/independentist vote does not necessarily co-relate with an ethnic background . 
  i do n't think that 's the case for the basque country , where the catholic church has always been associated with nationalist movements , and the roots of the basque nationalist party are deeply catholic . 
  i think it 's just the more advanced a society is , the less religious it turns . 
  in the case of catalonia i think it has to do more with the fact that it is highly industrialised and urban rather than because it is located in the north . 
  as for the easter * procesiones * it really is more a cultural thing than anything else , they even have a pre-christian origin . 
  except for catalonia and the basque country , which are pretty much advanced , the rest of the north seems to follow the same trend as the rest of spain , even navarra is probably the most religious region in spain . 
  * europic, 
  why northern spain ? 
  if anything , i would say that urban areas are less religious than rural areas , but i do n't see a co-relation between geographic location and religiousness in spain . 
  russian values are not european values ? 
  since when ? 
  they have actually said the [ contrary ] ( http://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/cataluna/elecciones-catalanas/2015-09-28/la-cup-no-se-ha-ganado-el-plebiscito-luego-no-hay-independencia-unilateral_1040589/ ) . 
  or ra\u00fcl romeva . 
  that 's been the case only for catalonia and the council of madrid . 
  rivera is pretty good looking himself , but that 's not his fault . 
  and the rest of the candidates in the regional and council elections are pretty average and from different ages . 
  for football fans in catalonia , especially bar\u00e7a fans , it is a tough decision , either form a national league which would be pretty weak , and be able to enjoy seeing catalonia in international competitions , or see the catalan teams in a foreign competitive league but no international competitions for catalonia . 
  that 's your personal choice , and you should act according to your convictions , but do n't forget that catalonia is also represented in the congress , and that other state parties have commited themselves to organise an independence referendum even if the are pro-union . 
   the question i mention above is not whether they support mas and its unilateral secession or not . 
  the question is whether they 'd would vote yes in a referendum . 
  exactly , that 's why a referendum should be done asap . 
  artur mas ' process does n't have enough legitimisation as it has not reached 51 % of the vote . 
   heck , i do n't support corruptconvergencia . 
  i voted for csqp . 
  and yet i 'd vote yes in a referendum . 
  same as the current csqp 's # 1 . 
  so are you republican or independentist ? 
  just wondering . 
  but you can count the votes of those who support the current independentist process ( different to those who might support independence ) . 
  and remember , if you want a referendum , do n't forget not to vote for pp in the next general elections , just in case ... :p, 
  that 's why i think it 's time for a proper referendum , and let the uncertain voters stay at home or commit themselves .
