  reading / r/all of reddit ? 
  popular vote does n't mean anything , it 's not how america works , take your system and shove it up your ass , it does n't apply in the us . 
  political polls have shown themselves to be worthless , why do you still hold stock in them ? 
  you feel be feeling good for americans , they 're breaking away from cancerous european ideologies, 
  nationalism and a healthy dose of reality when it comes to islam are two very welcome things in europe and the us . 
  more please !, 
  i believe that if we were somehow able to come up with actual numbers of legitimate voters that the citizen-cast vote number is so close to 50/50 that it does n't give rise to any argument of substance regarding who has more supporters . 
  is this a meme, 
  how about having enough dudes to dogpile, 
  if you get dropped ? 
  good , lowsec is for fags anyway, 
  wingspan is shit, 
  weirdly anti-american , pro-terrorist feel to this comic . 
  sure , torture and what those guys went through was n't nice , but this stinks of propaganda . 
  monsters, 
  take him, 
  nice post you actual spastic, 
  tldr, 
   i 'd 've, 
  nobody cares about your dumb polls lmao, 
  nationwide election  '' '' ` reviewed evidence '' '' ', 
  why would i argue lmao, 
  it was a joke , i was only joking about being a fascist !, 
  you are fake news, 
  yous are too funny, 
  looks terrible, 
  spot the democracy hater, 
      ceo 's assistant, 
  lol, 
  fuck all your religions , you cucks . 
  turning this shit into a christian crusade is dumb as fuck , keep out your daddy issues, 
  fozzie sov is a total disaster !, 
  you dont say, 
  if you believe this you 're just as retarded as op, 
  the book isnt for being nice and social ... ... 
  dae jerking off forever ? 
   i have to commute to school from over an hour away every single day, 
  aka a normal student ? 
  you just said something was reasonable , then named too different completely reasonable options, 
  there is no hole , it 's just reddit throwing a tantrum, 
  lmao, 
  you got shit on, 
  this was eutz, 
  literally who/who cares, 
  nice very old and very stale meme !, 
  not !, 
  also the thinking meme sucks now thanks for trying thou, 
  yea reasonable people know what he was saying , but that conflicts with the anti-trump admin narrative , god bless, 
  translation : `` reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee '', 
  wow ben thats very mean what if i am autistic, 
  so they can make epic posts and get lots of upvotses lmao !, 
  wtf lmao, 
  bomb dropped in warzone, 
  more news @ 11, 
  / hailcorporate, 
  looks shit and barely anyone is slightly enjoying it but ya ok op lmfao, 
  nice dumb thread op lmao youre the autist, 
  more unemployed with nothing better to do than protest before collecting their welfare cheques and a dominos before heading home to netflix, 
  lmao, 
  no it doesnt, 
  300m is more reasonable soz fam, 
  you have a drug addiction, 
  wow youre a real dumbo, 
  well meme 'd, 
  still makes you a drug addict, 
  yes people who take daily opioid pain medication in access for the buzz are addicts, 
  dont agree , a crime is a crime and everyone prosecuted should be equal in the eyes of the law . 
  you 're so pro-cannabis that you 've lost touch with reality, 
  sad times indeed, 
  wrong, 
   edit : not sure about the downvotes i thought that this was a pretty liberal sub . 
  strange, 
  btfo, 
  yes . . awoxing a keepstar . . yes indeed mmhmm thanks, 
  nice a golemag post, 
  excellent, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  classic reddit fake posts on the front page all week with this kendrick lamar chap, 
  just make an amazon account that has a sample us postal code that you can get easily by googling, 
  goes got shit filled man ass instead, 
  makes sense, 
  doctors ? 
  odd, 
  tldr, 
  alleged multiple doctors make it odd, 
  welp you deleted it ok, 
  so true , very sad times for the game, 
  goes got shit filled man ass instead, 
  makes sense, 
  epic nice, 
  just autz things, 
  liar . 
  you need to go get your teeth whitened either at a dentist or using crest strips . 
  should probably get braces too though that can weight until late 20 's . 
  go to the gym and put on some weight . 
  grow your hair out a bit more , you have deep hair recesses at the sides that are normal but can look like you 're losing your hair when you 're not . 
  never do the haircut in picture 2 or 3 again . 
  just no, 
  maybe clean up eyebrows and pay special attention to possible unibrowing, 
  keep up the gym and gain mass,
