  probably just one mile, 
  how did you find the shield booster fit compared to pure buffer ? 
  keep a hold of it until you 're sure you know what you want to do with it . 
  basic lack of business know-how and economics, 
  you sound mentally unstable , call a friend or something to come over maybe seek professional help ? 
  doctor !, 
  this man is in desperate need of memes , stat, 
  stfu idiot, 
  link scans/screens, 
  man i love the way all these migrant murderers are all ` known to the police ' its so nice to see them making friends and exchanging contact details , we all got to keep our social life as we get older and i respect their enthusiasm for meeting new people but it would be nice if they also i dont know , arrested or deported these dangerous people before they brutally murder our citizens . 
  just a thought , party on dudes, 
  not really though delve is dead af the goons are a welcome addition to wipe the pile of jewing corps from the region, 
  neither of them will touch hillary they 're her supporters and hate trump, 
  something stupidly op that takes away valuable developer time from addressing issues that effect the masses , that only the top 1 % will get the opportunity to fly , and that only solo pvp ` ers in and around amamake will even see - right before their death surrounded by falcons , logi , and a triage on standby . 
  lol, 
  lol you think the usa will be weak under trump - get a grip, 
  lol, 
  e v a c b o y s, 
  why dont you enlighten people instead of copy pasting the same retarded one-liner, 
  they 're both totally biased to the left lmao, 
  so lucky man , i hope to some day follow you ... 
  rabble rabble rabble !, 
  xxxxxxxxd, 
  what is your opinion on skilled workers ( for example software engineers . ), 
  coming to the us from countries like ireland , who have given so much to america . 
  the options are limited in regards to optaining visas and it 's steadily getting more and more difficult to work and live in the us . 
  is this a direction you want to see continue or do you want to help aspiring future americans with useful skills to start new lives in the us ? 
  thank you for your service, 
  thanks for trying to karma grab , now i know the truth of this incident !, 
  so justified , wow . 
  fuck those protestors - occupy was a cancerous ` movement ' good riddance . 
  good job police . 
  everyone was on standby for you and everyone knew it - do n't delude yourself in thinking you onlined it solo . 
  you do n't need to be on grid to influence outcomes of events . 
  did you ever play wow as a warrior, 
  i 've been wondering about this - for example there 's a dark chocolate i love that contains no dairy . 
  but recently they had to change the packet to display a may contain traces of warning due to the same plant being used to make other chocolates . 
  they released a statement saying the bars wont contain dairy but for transparency 's sake and allergies etc they had to display the warning . 
  knowing all of this i still catch myself having reservations about it - but that 's probably just inexperience and overly worrying . 
  glad to see your comment in here ) ), 
  lets do it baby, 
  this, 
  ca n't be a casualty in you do n't log in, 
   those being kicked from ... fountain, 
  cripes, 
  bring it to the back garden , take the side panel off and give it a good clean out with the garden hose - and it 's already outside so it can dry out in the sun, 
  then your not a vegetarian ... 
  does it ? 
  you 're down with cow pussy ? 
  i too had a pizza at the weekend . 
  it was delish . 
  it also happened to be vegan !, 
  hi5 for pizza, 
  such a weird thing to say/believe, 
  why whats wrong with olive oil ... 
  ah , thought you were going to tell me that olive oil is somehow not vegan !, 
  haha . 
  cool, 
  a vegetarian does n't eat meat , it 's pretty simple . 
  if you do eat meat , regardless of its lab grown or not them you 're not a vegetarian . 
  does this not make sense to you ? 
  tfw no facebook, 
  i 'm a gay lesbian transgender boy ( help ) where do i sign up ( help ), 
  y so mad tho, 
  nice creepy domination fetish post you creepy cucked fuck why ca n't we exchange you for harambe, 
  this is a good post ( its not ), 
  there 's an '04 mx5 for sale here in ireland for 2450 euros - looks great it pictures and has an nct apparently . 
  is this price a red flag ? 
  should i even bother looking for him to bring this to my mechanic and start the ball rolling on purchasing ? 
  i dont think i 'll bother going - i asked he seller some questions and his answer is pretty retarded , or intentionally vague . 
  red flag !, 
  lookin fine, 
  fantastic video - looking forward to more, 
  lol dumpster trash, 
  when in the past year were brave roasted by pl ? 
  did n't pl come through a wh ... once ? 
  there 's no ` fascination ' , it 's enjoyable for people - try to work it through your high-grade autism, 
  classic reaction to mamba, 
  : thinking :, 
  your post went as expected , 7o to you, 
  couple hours , no need to thank me fam, 
  source : man with an imagination, 
  more like burn out . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  do an article on tishu while you have the chance and they 're still an alliance, 
  looks like they 're doing their best goon killboard impression, 
  drunk on a tuesday n1, 
  do these things, 
  and do n't build a house on a flood plain, 
  good thing you have insurance , things would be infinitely worse without it . 
  good luck . 
  i know what happened and it may not be the comforting warm hug your sensitive soul needs but it 's correct and a point that should be observed . 
  if you do n't want to be flooded , do n't build on a floodplain . 
  if thats too real for you darling then you have my sympathies . 
   you are n't helping . 
  you have n't posted any help yourself : joy :, 
  so mad, 
  lmao, 
  state of you brah, 
  this comment sums up why the west is too soft , weak , and decadent to deal with an enemy like islam/isis .
