friendly for us the whole way . 
  thanks catatonic for shitting up the br < 3, 
  add jankos sabannfuhrer in game and i 'll help you get sorted , or i 'll convo you anyway . 
  also irish as well eyy, 
  i will be yes . 
  make sure you get your services and , importantly , mumble set up for voice comm . 
  just come in a pod . 
  you 've been struck by . 
  you 've been hit by . 
  an ungrouped-missile-whore-kestral - thanks for the dank killmails, 
  blocked, 
  a sound investment, 
  interceptors are straining my wallet ( ( send isk to jankos sabannfuhrer ) ) tybabe, 
  hes so cute :3, 
  i ran into the same isk generating problem that you 're having , but i actually encountered it in low-sec space . 
  it frustrated me to no end that i could n't safely make isk in and around aunsou ( when i was in bni ) , in addition to that i felt very claustrophobic and boxed in because of being camped , farmed , and wardecced . 
  i actually left the corp and tried highsec for a while purely because of this reason . 
  personally , i created a second account so that i could make me isk outside of pandemic , that was my solution . 
  however once we invaded and took our wormhole i did n't need to do that anymore . 
  have you been on one of the horde hole trips ? 
  unfortunately they 're not ran enough for there to be a small group each time , so you 'll get 120-155m for 2-3 hours work ( at the beginning we were getting 300m each ) . 
  but that 's enough to fund you for a couple of weeks for sure . 
  in my opinion fw plexing is absolute aids and no fun at all , very grindy , with not much isk kickback . 
  above all i 'd suggest just buying a plex and cashing it in for isk to give you a base . 
  secondary to that i 'd suggest a combination of ( i ) running the wofl rayet hole , ( ii ) salvaging ratters unwanted wrecks , ( iii ) ratting ( but not in w-4n ) , ( iv ) looting wrecks after engagements , ( v ) exploration when you get a covops exploration ship when you train into one after an interceptor . 
  the ability to fly a bomber is a prerequisite of waffles. , come hang out with horde for a while and decide later on !, 
  just app to pandemic horde you 'll be accepted . 
  also join the chat channel ` join horde ', 
  we warped into you guys blind , following up on a newbean being tackled by your fleet . 
  expected an inty or two , got moa . 
  good fight . 
  mail me in game for any future action . 
  until then get [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) and turn on dark mode, 
  you just lost it for waffles . 
  warp drive active, 
  so jealous of you all fuck, 
  join pandemic horde, 
  nyx and bhaalgorn, 
  shameless, 
  previous post was exterminated, 
  only 8 months until the moongoo will fund this srp !!, 
  we 'll be back for tinne ^ merciiiiiii, 
  join pandemic horde bro , guaranteed fun guaranteed , guaranteed . 
  the bounty system is totally worthless and it does n't give anyone any incentive to kill him . 
  keep your money for other things . 
  also join pandemic horde , we 'll show you a good time, 
  obviously not in one transaction you goob, 
  props to the nc . 
  logistics , you were doing a hell of a job, 
  were not repping us . 
  we were in cormorants pinging around the grid being cheeky , alpha'ing tackle and interdictors . 
  join pandemic horde . 
  we 're going to wait for suddenly spaceships to leave cloud ring and when they do we 're going to take the region for ourselves wherein we 'll set up dank capital building programs in tinnimerci and fund amazing srp with the moon goo from all our r32/64s . 
  we have a deal with sma that they wo n't invade us but that together we 'll push ss out along with fweddit ( gay ) fun to be had and empires to build but first we need to find our lost prophecy and cure ourselves of downs, 
  close enough, 
  yes no maybe no yes maybe maybe yes no no no yes yes maybe yes no maybe no yes maybe maybe yes no no no yes yes maybe yes no maybe no yes maybe maybe yes no no no yes yes maybe yes no maybe no yes maybe maybe yes no no no yes yes maybe yes no maybe no yes maybe maybe yes no no no yes yes maybe, 
  tldr, 
  great talk , thanks for posting !, 
  much love my man and welcome to the mango club, 
  p much ya, 
  ur gay dont cry, 
   i would love it if my rev died, 
  magnets bro, 
  your gay, 
  please gobbins i 'd love to read it, 
  horde is n't a pl feeder, 
  but you rent, 
  also lol @ nc . 
  bringing salvation, 
  great stuff dudes, 
  ops comments are so embarrassing lmao, 
  gna have to awox your own fleet then !, 
  does n't matter if they 're on grid , you 'll still have enough time to land and warp to a safe, 
  across the atlantic ocean in ireland , if you take a quiet moment outside and listen to the wind you can hear the distant fapfapfap of jeffraider, 
  no he did n't, 
  it 's ok you were n't primary fc, 
  so when are you planning your coup cata ? 
  hey cfc fc maybe you should take a few feet frigate roams out first l0l, 
  ** solid ** bunch of lads, 
  the logs posted here were leaked in a thread a couple days ago, 
  that read like a proper apology to you ? 
  all this to bolster an entosis fleet, 
  if only the loot fairy would drop you a good post, 
  lmao, 
  you have a fatal case of retardation i 'm sorry, 
  [ pod kill ] ( https://zkillboard.com/kill/50564670/ ), 
  just remember to hit record, 
  waffles are based in black rise , lowsec . 
  i 'll be the token non-wormholer for you, 
  it 's not that we care about your killboard and having pve ship losses - it 's that your main waffle pilot needs to be available for an op or ping at all points when you 're logged in . 
  for example if one were to make ones isk in exploration it 'd be unacceptable to not be available because you 're 35 jumps away jewing in sansha space . 
  if you 're making isk with your alt then you can be ready on your main immediately while you wrap things up and get safe/dock on your alt . 
  that 's the reasoning behind the rule as i understand it , hope it helps . 
  i 've concorded myself by shooting a can on a gate . 
  rad . 
  mail or open a conversation and add jankos sabannfuhrer as your contact in-game and i 'll set you on your path to fleets with pandemic horde bud, 
  beam nano confessor , search errorron , steal his fit , die until you 're not shit, 
  lol go fuck your face, 
  do it, 
  every time .
