  that 's a pretty mean thing to wish upon someone guy, 
  people browse new man, 
  they truly think people should have nothing but pity and respect for being an ex-addict . 
  do you really think people should have nothing but respect and admiration for you upon hearing you 're an ex addict ? 
  seriously ? 
  what a load of shit, 
  nice dude , i commented disagreeing with you fully . 
  that really showed me - sweet point you got there . 
  classic liberal character assassination , you do n't possess the ability to defend your position so you choose to spend the time looking to no platform the opposition . 
  your struggle with self destruction is your personal business and should n't be hung out to dry at work , keep your dark secrets of self harm and escapism to yourself . 
  top quality pic, 
  a gf, 
  i guess they had what it took, 
  low energy ` joke ', 
  help, 
  i can listen to raknor be triggered while at work what a time to truly be alive, 
  call me when they join pandemic legion . 
  lol . 
  good job golding your own post, 
  bill murray, 
  three cute boys, 
  not in my name, 
  help, 
  who the fuck even looks or cares about isis ? 
  how about use dev time effectively so they can collectively summon the will power to push the revert phoebe button, 
  evac confirmed am i rite ? 
  seraph is a dingaling, 
  please, 
  what does that even mean u spanner, 
  your going to need a hauler for that corpse, 
  signed ~ ~, 
  ! raids, 
  hahahah apparently scramming the keepstar does n't get you on the kill board what the f nice mail, 
  what a joke , let down by ccp again, 
  that was n't an invitation, 
  [ please squizz you 're my only hope ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wtts01c.png ), 
  edit : ilu, 
  : chart_with_downwards_trend :, 
  all part of the tinnemerci supercap production plan, 
  who, 
  resto shaman, 
  10/10 name, 
  he could n't take it anymore and ended up self destructing, 
  true story, 
  i 'd love for inri to come to cloud ring, 
  you 're retarded, 
  idk man , we do gfs all the time, 
  because they 're pussies, 
  ** small group of highly motivated free-thinking innovators creating in a diverse and socially inclusive corporation incubator startup heiling from npc fountain above starbucks , archangels testing facilities station serpentis prime **, 
  u dumb , u so dumb, 
  lol, 
  titans and supers have been able to jump gates for a long time now . 
  also yes , you are correct in thinking it is to dd and warp off . 
  since pheoebe 2014, 
  those fellows got kicked out of delve . 
  they enjoy pve activities such as : carrier ratting , ishtar ratting , smartbomb mach ratting , mining , and pi, 
  they enjoy pvp activities such as :, 
  good luck in feythabolis !, 
  why do people in such random-ass corps have supers ? 
  a timeless question, 
  biomass urself kid, 
  i just wanted to extend my thanks from the culture and myself for killing that first lif . 
  your service in killing shit fits and punishing retarded players is deeply appreciated . 
  then sub, 
  the csm was only told 3 days in advance ? 
  lmao k, 
  xxxddddd, 
  lmao, 
  ya you only shoot noobs so this will really boost your business, 
  as an irish star wars fan , this excited me, 
  you mean alpha sp ? 
  you ca n't, 
  looks like common heavy rain ... ... ... 
  : smirk :, 
  hmm, 
  they 're right there in the title ? 
  death to all shield supers, 
   what are they gon na do , blops us more ? 
  : thinking :, 
  + + sort, 
  would you rather have a salty eve player or a gf, 
  who upvotes these posts ? 
  lmao, 
  perfectly reasonable question you liberal retards, 
  karmafleet is shit mate , would recommend horde tbh, 
  watch as reddit admins take 3000 upvotes from this post in the next hour or two . 
  right now its at 5,466 . http://i.imgur.com/xd9pkug.png, 
  the story here is he 's retarded 7o to you, 
  it 's a repost, 
  it 's a repost, 
  why do you think he afk 'd for most of the war ? 
  * smashes disgusting shield super *, 
  ** another one !, 
  it 's all ogre now, 
  justice for space violence, 
  do n't buy plex with irl cash to add game time to your account, 
  inb4 we actually do move into npc space and this post is totes awks, 
  ... downvoted, 
   tc is in a very different position here than we are guys , tc live one jump from lowsec, 
  i 'll buy firesale priced niddys and thanny from you kos dudes send me a mail or pm,
