  ur a bottom rung bottom bitch boi, 
  yeah europe is in the dumpster and only getting worse, 
  if that was true it 'd be terrible as it means they did n't care for the csms advice - amazing -, 
  usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa, 
  waffles v2 kings of lowsec, 
  true, 
  you have some nice sneaky slams, 
  if you 're planning on coming do n't bring your wife 's, 
  unless you 're a cuck, 
  did they though, 
  idk, 
  how would you be able to get him more tinfoil if it was all on his head ? 
  makes u think, 
  literally 2 spicy, 
  downvoted ez redditsnipe next, 
  i love my work and i 'm constantly challenged with new problems and knowledge . 
  it happens brah, 
  absolutely not ok , regardless of whether or not you support darius or mittens , changing eve history and creating . 
  innumerous instances of double standards in order to appease an ex-developer getting his locked and lost forever name back is insane . 
  totally against this and i hope it 's reversed . 
  get a new name . 
  favourited by ccp by getting the name back , given a helping hand by a member of the csm and reddit moderation team in the comments section . 
  just lol ... 
  to be fair , the people interested in what darius has to say on the matter can bring him visibility without moderation interference . 
  readable killmail here : https://zkillboard.com/kill/53592573/, 
  loki posting on fleek, 
  it 's all fun , games , and cuteness until the bloodthirsty sleepless eyes of the horde turn to bring judgement upon your people with fleets of griffins, 
  we all have gunfights bro that how we fight , with guns on spaceships, 
  mass unsubs lmfao, 
  app to sniggwaffe ingame at your earliest convenience, 
  that 's an album , not a montage . 
  i was going to but just deleted the thread after i was taken for the ruse cruise bro, 
  illuminati strikes again ez frags from noobs, 
  he was banned from pandemic legion . 
  already have 15k people . 
  maybe slightly lower . 
  oh no the hackers know his ip address rip op, 
  a j4g is someone who joined sa just to join gewns, 
  reddit sucks, 
  in fairness if you 've already been vouched into the corporation before you joined sa , you did n't join sa to get into the corporation therefore you 're not a j4g . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with being vouched into the corporation . 
  sa people do n't like j4gs because they do n't join for the ` culture ' and need to have an account because they could n't get vouched . 
  made me look tbh, 
  diablo 3 now, 
  that 's the opposite of a j4g . 
  what is a miss-pelling of the eve online ship kestrel ? 
  but can we destroy it ? 
  a 336 player negative . 
  spreadsheet slopes for the spreadsheet slopes god, 
  jap strategy not even once, 
  good job linking stats from between 3 and 2 years ago broheim, 
  nice try, 
  that 's not a keepstar, 
  what a knee slapper, 
  cool strategic gimmick though, 
  looks like the gila pilot was kicked from goons afterwards, 
  why would anyone leave goonswarm ?? 
  moros, 
  lmao, 
  what do you do when youre on a fleet but you need to go to the backroom and you dont know what to do ??????? 
  the people moving our shit are long time trusted members through not alike open and unknown logistics groups within large alliances broheim ( see pandemic horde ), 
  ya it is, 
  but is it really though ??? 
  lmaaoo ya it is, 
  but is it really though ???????? 
   all the cool goons already joined groon, 
  then left, 
  i downvoted you because you asked why the downvotes . 
  hope this helps xx, 
  groon is cool , i was in motiveless malignancy for all of 4 days when they were in pineapple . 
  i 'm proud to have added my choice bums to the grimy butte medley of your forums when i was applying . 
  itt : pubbies falling for the classic im having fun all the time streamer acting, 
  who, 
  it 's legit no troll bad, 
  pretty rude m8 xdddd, 
  nobody 's angry , or triggered from what i 've seen , people simply post saying its bad and it is . 
  nice reddit whine le screeching forume though, 
  send isk to dudenicebankcharacter in game, 
  tia https://zkillboard.com/kill/53696853/, 
  raising a child on waffle comms , what would happen hmmm, 
  that fc fleet warping newbies away from the titans lmao, 
  hey man i loved the post and i totally agree , let me pick up your mantel in-game by sending all your stuff to jankos sabannfuhrer in-game !, 
  it 'd also help me if i could be transferred your sp too for the necessary pve/mining skills . 
  together we can help change eve for the better - let someone else take your burden when you quit the game, 
  take is opportunity to think of a better name, 
  spaceships and space stations tend to go to shit when bumped, 
  well they are pretty expensive . . 
  those russians man, 
  hahahah i love u, 
  while any support is nice to see i think it 's important that people who are seeking support on / r/eve should be referred to appropriate subreddits like / r/depression or / r/suicidewatch where they can be provided with information , contact details for charities , hotlines , and services along with receiving the attention of some amazing people over there who have backgrounds in volunteer work and have professional experience . 
  not enabled or provided for on a videogame subreddit . 
  the people who ` b4r ' deserve a better forum for their problems wherein they can find a higher quality of help past a supportive post , and the people who frequent the subreddit for videogame discussion deserve to not have to deal with non-videogame topics . 
  remember that a lot of these b4r threads and posts are from people in very vulnerable states of mind that can lead to highly dangerous and potentially deadly circumstances , it 's not to be taken lightly . 
  this is one of those situations where you should leave it to the professionals , and while you ( mods and general public of reddit ) are meaning well and doing this to help you may be doing more harm than good . 
  my two cents . 
  my post is written with the assumption the person in need must post to a subreddit . 
  of course i encourage people to seek professional help above posting on reddit . 
  i totally agree , however clearly people are desperately seeking help in online forums so it 's not going to help much to tell them to go outside . 
  but it will help to encourage traffic towards better locations when they do post to the website . 
   if they have issues they should be told to get the fuck off the internet and into a doctors office .
