  being the fc who ousted goons from dek does this to a man, 
  i could take far better pictures with my iphone, 
  first, 
  im gay and so are you but not together because you 're not hot enough, 
  op why are you finding the concept of selling and rebuying a different titan so difficult to comprehend ? 
  your tears are delicious, 
  with your guns - oh wait lmao, 
  do n't throw stones in glass houses englishman who 's country is ignoring a referendum, 
  have they been peaceful though ? 
  i can practically smell the liberal arts education off you lmao, 
  ah feck off, 
  they do though, 
  can u pm me also friendo ? 
   version1, 
  theyre awful, 
  moreso not developer friendly and more usong their own frameworks and tools - we talked to them at an event and theyre more it solutions/support than devs, 
  ehh nothing off the top of my head - just make sure youll be doing real hands-on developing work where you get to design and code legitimate projects, 
  percentage of the team 's kills they 're on - if it 's unusually high it can be a sign of gun splitting and kill whoring, 
  the good mr. avery lewis does n't appear to be doing that, 
  it isnt though ? 
  youre just repeating stuff to me that you googled - doesnt mean it 's the case mate thanks, 
  also that github doesnt contain any installation details therefore useless to me, 
  cheers for your google abilities though im too retarded to open google and smash in the title of my post, 
  while i 'm not too dumb to be able to google , i am indeed too dumb to install the package from a pull without installation instructions, 
  op you 're dumb af, 
  anti-fibos do n't do much damage to subcaps and you 'll look stupid, 
  thanks baki, 
  it is censorship, 
  my man, 
  i ca n't imagine being happy cloning a human with something described as a ` decent genome ', 
  i stand with japan . 
  wtf, 
  man this subreddit has the weirdest , most extremely left comments . 
  nice epicly boring avatar lmao, 
  absolutely brilliant thank you for the answer !, 
  i 'm writing the research document for the college project this is for right now . 
  i 'll be trying this on the weekend . 
  do you have much experience with voip/sip ? 
  i 'm working to make a simple to use gui application for voice-over-ip security testing . 
  i 'm planning capture sip messages to i can perform a few pen-tests and have it integrated in an easy to use gui . 
  pretty simple stuff . 
  what you 're doing with processing the pcaps for the sip call is very much what i 'll be doing - albeit on what i suspect is a much larger scale !, 
  it 's an undergrad final project so it 's nothing major but i 'm learning it all as i go . 
  the idea is that security auditing is inaccessible to users who arnt comfortable with command line, 
  i am ok with what transpired here given the respective corporations of the involved dead supers, 
  easy not to be disappointed when you have such low expectations for your corp members in the first place vov, 
  hits someones 64 , they just hand it over - hit someones cad , they lose their shit, 
  thanks for the aids, 
  pls dont wink at me thx, 
  keep it up big boy , you 're living the dream thanks for the #evespiration, 
  yaaaas ( im a girl irl haha ) yaas yas, 
  thats a spicy meatball, 
  tldr fcore picked the wrong side when goons came so p3ak killed them, 
  hope their edgy joke was worth losing business xxdd, 
  id like to see this dude punch a kangaroo, 
  * thats a spicy meatball *, 
  ur dumb does that make sense to you lmao, 
  eating chorizo with stomach acid issues ya same lmao, 
  we r anonamos, 
  they look like shit, 
  lol haha lol, 
  ya uhm those carriers would have toasted you all anyways, 
  why would you ping that to an opt out ping group, 
  ballsacks, 
  fc what is a meme, 
  must be a sad bitter world you live in , where you have to try to insult others for liking something you do n't , just to make your own existence feel less worthless . 
  harvey tearing delve up, 
  some pandemic horde guy did a script like that that grabbed all losses from the alliance and presented the most destroyed items for industry guys to build and sell for high turnover . 
  that was neat . 
  hating this particular title meme, 
  great job canary !, 
  will you be dividing placid up among your allies ? 
  they do, 
  you do n't get rejected . 
  that 's not the same as being denied for being a j4g, 
  he stole and subsequently blew up two naglfar class supercarriers canary, 
  tsdr + tldr, 
  the bubbles in pb are aids, 
  turns you gay, 
  source : personal experience, 
  how long does this take to complete and be playable, 
  thanks for banning the_devil and all opposing hillary and morally wrong views from the website , i feel welcome to post my opinions now that the people reading and responding to me are able to discuss our similar views together without having to worry about fascists imposing their hate speech to my comments . 
  more moderation in 2017 please lets push for a morally sound www.reddit.com , lets correct the record for hillary because she cant do it for us we have to stand up for ourselves and holy shit . 
  yesterday my mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and i literally screamed at her and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand . 
  she started yelling and swearing at me and i slammed the door on her . 
  i 'm so distressed right now after the inauguration and i do n't know what to do . 
  i did n't mean to do that to my mom but i 'm literally in shock from the swearing in , i feel like i 'm going to explode . 
  why the fucking fuck is he my president ? 
  this ca n't be happening . 
  he 's not my president !!, 
  i 'm having a fucking breakdown . 
  i do n't want to believe the world is so corrupt . 
  i want a future to believe in . 
  i want hillary to be president and fix this broken and divided country . 
  i can not fucking deal with this right now . 
  it was n't supposed to be like this , i thought she was polling well across the country ???? 
  we were the majority !!, 
  this is so fucked . 
  it 's gay, 
  itt : no game design talent,
