  fuck jeff, 
  wow what a great post we should get lord maldoror from those pipe bombing videos to record himself reading this !, 
  he has such a great deep penetrating voice ( no homo ) i 've listened to message in a bottle at least 6x times ( in bed lol ! ), 
  sexy voice sexy sexy deep voice ( no homo ) . 
  that said i think we should page chribba ( / u/chribbax / u/chribbax / u/chribbax ) so he can take over care for kids he 's so trustworthy the most trustworthy man in eve !, 
  ( or only one !! ), 
  there ; s nothing he can not solve we should just give him ownership of ccp to be quite honest ( tbqh ) and he 'll stop this recent jump drive range creep that will return eve back to the awful pandemic legion days !, 
  dark days !, 
  and can we get these bankers bans reversed they 're such great content creators god i love content and they paid our i mean their money to the mbc leaders to fuck the goons fuck goons god i hat - sorry oops haha !, 
  i dont like goons but i love panfam theyre so better :3 damn i cant wait for those trickle-down-economics to pay off so i can get a taste of those trills !, 
  anyways haaaaa thanx for reading much love, 
  kisses, 
  this was my first time trying hard !, 
  i live in a basement !, 
  the piercings do n't do you any favours, 
  trash shield super, 
  thanks for that retard, 
  thats before tax though right so no, 
  she looks so unhealthy lmao, 
  quick downvote the clear observation !, 
  i never said or implied it was from her veganism she just straight up looks unhealthy is all, 
  how quickly they forget, 
   american, 
  roger friend, 
  thanx for your comment, 
  looks approaching 50 !, 
  palm oil is vegan , palm oil is not environmentally friendly . 
  that 's the end of it , fuck people who throw in all their ideologies into veganism i do n't share all the views everyone here holds apart from veganism, 
  thanks fam, 
  i 'm commenting on the topic not the video, 
   random, 
   over atrahus, 
  thanks for the anti-tc propoganda fam, 
  oil, 
  what if : eve is n't real it 's just a fantasy, 
  jesus christ kick peak, 
  i should live near a marine base, 
  rahne and pl are buddies so this was most likely an arranged kill to show they have the at ships, 
  #account 1 :, 
  #account 2 :, 
  #account 3 :, 
  where were you going you were flying off :(, 
  no when they start to align to the gate he cyno 's the nyx in with what i imagine is a cloaked bomber, 
  this is, 
  something, 
   having camera bob enabled in 2016, 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  i guess radakos realized leaving israd for waffles was a dumb idea lmao, 
  nice vote manipulation, 
  awesome thanks asher, 
  i am olivia, 
  can you pm me also ? 
  as much as this sub would have you believe , this world is n't black and white, 
  so we 're only talking about common painkillers here - but if she ever needs serious medicine please do n't help her naively sacrifice her health for veganism , medicate her with the appropriate medicine . 
  lawyer up . 
  assume she 's going to try take you for everything . 
  do n't let yourself be complacent and be ruined financially . 
  everything should come secondary to that , as it 's your future life at risk . 
  you can prepare yourself for the worst at the same time as continuing to try make it work . 
  ( 1 ) find out a list of the top 10 divorce lawyers where you live and meet with all of them for their free first consultation , this stops her from using them as it would be a conflict of interest . 
  ( 2 ) lock down your email and social media or any account that could be scraped for any information by your wife ( 3 ) never ever ever leave your house ( 4 ) never ever ever abandon your children ( not saying you would but if you want custody or shared custody you have to make sure that you look like the perfect protective selfless dad ), 
  they 're just some quick things , also something so many guys seem to not understand going into possible/inevitable divorce is just how hard hitting their wife/wife 's lawyer will be in there . 
  they think it 'll be amicable and/or just a formal division of assets but that wo n't be what 's on her lawyers agenda . 
  together , your wife and her lawyer will try take you for absolutely everything you have , leaving you without or minimal custody , no house , and paying money to her . 
  the courts are against men , they 're heavily biased to women in divorce . 
  it 's a simple fact . 
  man i 've seen so many times , and the guy comes out absolutely dumbfounded and shocked when all is said and done . 
  preparation is key in everything to do with a courtroom , do n't fuck around and you reduce your chances of being fucked . 
  a purist would probably say you 're not but the vast majority of vegans i imagine would n't categorise insects as animals in the same sense as pigs/sheep/cows etc, 
  what i mean is , until your divorce is finalised , you can not leave for a week to take a breather in a hotel ( work/necessary trips obviously exempt from this ) . 
  you can not leave for two weeks to crash in your old friends house due to pressure in the household . 
  you must act like nothing has changed at all . 
  abandonment of your children or the property is a massive no-no . 
  women will try to push the man out of the house in a number of ways , arguments , threats , the classic changing of locks ( you must immediately regain entry to the house in a non violent manner if this is pulled on you ) , generally making it unbearable to live under the same roof etc. . 
  if you 're one of the unlucky ( amicable divorce absolutely does happen ) men this happens to ( a lawyer would suggest to her that abandonment would be a major avenue of success in court ) then it 's imperative you under no circumstances abandon the house . 
  if you do it 's like you 're throwing it all away . 
  in fact a surprisingly number of men will leave even knowing this , as their wives have done such a good job making their life hell , they 'd choose a year of peace than a lifetime with their house . 
  from an outsiders pov that was literally a matter of hours to be honest friend, 
  yes of course ? 
  eve players never disappoint, 
   had to reboot my laptop last year when it started acting funny, 
  what ? 
  so many empty seats lmao, 
  good fuck krabs, 
  p gay, 
  wow ur so rude, 
  worth mentioning that the corporation responsible for the small ganging of goons/red and eviction of lsh from fountain is higher than everest . 
  if you 're an experienced small gang european player with at least a dread alt ( absolute requirement ) join the ` p3ak ' channel in-game or evemail harvey skywarker . 
  makes u think, 
  is western canada not really fucking cold ? 
  oh right nice , im just putting in graduate program applications to companies now and i 'm picking out the cities i 'd work in !, 
  lets just say the number of students with mbp 's went from maybe 5/85 in 1st year to 70/85 in 4th year . 
  i do n't think so no, 
  if you do n't have kids you should be able to opt out of paying for schools, 
  dude nice one, 
  trap is so qtpie 2015, 
  jesus christ killah wtf lol, 
  if only there was a way to display fitting window stats out of game, 
  or https://zkillboard.com/character/96596473/ ... you know , no, 
  first,
