  facial hair on point, 
  hair spray ( if not then light wax/gel ) your hair take the fluff out, 
  goin good, 
  time to hit the weight room, 
  what does your disability have to do with your post, 
  6/10 needs more weed, 
  new zealand, 
  have you tried smiling and not being expressionless ? 
  could go a long way, 
  you look like more of a girl than a boy , and seem to be going for ` pretty ' than masculine good looking . 
  cut the hair , hit the weightroom, 
  youll get it brah, 
  how spanish/brazilian are you out of 10 ? 
  if it 's less than 9 then lose the goatee, 
  lose the nose ring regardless of if you like that look or not , it 's not for guys . 
  also you 'll really regret those gauges when you have to have them slit and stitched back, 
  nice hair, 
  how do you not have any idea what to do, 
  not anymore anyway , you 're dead, 
  nice blob, 
  you sound mad, 
  addiction and lack of any kind of life irl, 
  sad really, 
  why are museums ` condemning ' things ? 
  now all the okie dokie weed tokie hippies can leave the usa for mexico to be with their new dads, 
  the dart is very reliable, 
  + -2 minutes for me , fortunately i ca n't see a situation where a + -10 minute service could be a big problem, 
  can you though ? 
   it means their farm targets can counterdrop with caps and supers , without worrying about getting gigadunked by the unbeatable pl super blob . 
  people are too bitch made, 
  wew lads, 
  nice job, 
  please no, 
  the br broke some time after i posted it due to updating, 
  good shout, 
  lmao, 
  they did , your wrong, 
  who cares you autist, 
  dont you have a cyno '' '' `` vigil '' '' '' to attend to instead of posting ? 
  lmao, 
  suddenly spaceships cant stop losing to horde !, 
  how ? 
  leftists, 
  joined , thanks . 
  this subreddit is all far left cancer, 
  inflation , how does it work ? 
  raknor needs to put the leash back on, 
  debatable , the company is trying hard to run it into the ground, 
  yea fucking men and their rights . . sexist pigs !, 
  could this be any more boring ? 
  also lmao who upvoted this ? 
  obviously bought upvotes, 
  where on the page is thus ... youre so vague, 
  eve is fucked, 
      dream job, 
  why would a software dev spend more than 2-3 years in ibm ? 
  seems wrong, 
  what a fucking awful song , jesus christ im still glad it isnt played on the radio anymore, 
  horrifying times, 
  showers were never used to kill in auschwitz, 
  started at the bottom and now we here, 
  as a classy member of the alliance brave collective , i must say that the behaviour on this thread is most unclassy . 
  a gentleman both inside and outside new eden must always be acutely aware of his level of class at all times for it is all he has alongside his word and his honour !, 
  if you cant handle the intellectual heat of myworkhereisdone then do n't even bother posting 8 ), 
  the trail of tears continues to flow, 
  spotted the retard, 
  keep him locked up . 
  he went over and participated in a riot . 
  his sisters were also freed on bail and then proceeded to illegally leave the country . 
  they have no reason to release him , and no reason to grant him the bail he will certainly peace out on . 
  he 's facing the music for his actions under the law of the country . 
  hon the lads, 
  huh , you 're a genuine cunt . 
  congratulations , i guess . 
  rip h, 
  classic league of legends style entitled bad post, 
  we 're going to get clobbered at some point . 
  it 'll be sad times, 
  send them back to join him, 
  btfo, 
  finish your degree, 
  headed out from w-4 to avenge the cancelled interceptor roam from yesterday . 
  about 11 of us quickly scooted across cloud ring and further into fade for some sma . 
  we were very successful at ruining some peoples afternoons !, 
  \u0395ncountered a seem\u0456ngly t\u043etally afk ishtar who only showed s\u0456gns \u043ef life to warp his pod away afterwars ) ), 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526423/ 77.5 m svipul, 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526427/ 54.6 m pod, 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526740/ 240m ishtar, 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526769/ 30m mtu, 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526913/ 41m procurer, 
  https://zkillboard.com/kill/49526929/ 17.7 m mtu, 
  just under half a bill , no losses . 
  thanks to everyone for coming out . 
  left w-4 with 10 combat interceptors and t1 frigates after a rather slow snuff pos bash . 
  we helped out some of our french brave friends in killing a vni on the yi - gate in 8r . 
  advancing through fade we jumped into a moa cynabal and sma osprey navy-issue scrapping on the 6rc gate in e9k . 
  the osprey managed to make a get away when we all decloaked and bolted for them - the cynabal was n't quick enough however and was quickly pointed and scrammed . 
  further into fade we entered a juicy sma pocket and truly wicked managed to get a hero tackle on a semi-blingy gila , he held the point for just enough time for the rest of us to land on him ripinpeace . 
  after the gila kill we were forced to make a speedy getaway from a small response group including a vaga that had been following us for a few jumps , and a rokh . 
  we all got out to safety .
