  op is retarded, 
  no i had tofu for lunch tofu, 
  ya the bryce thing is some weird ass shit yo but gobbins is da man he gud peoples respect, 
  island # 1, 
  no and they 're dirt so do n't, 
  ya fam idk what this guys complaining about suck it up, 
  be-fr nooo :(, 
  hang in there man, 
  i wish you could photoshop yourself a good post, 
  northern ireland can fuck off, 
  sick flair, 
  sucky sucky, 
  happy friday to all my american friends and no one else ( except my corpmates and fellow irish bless you all ) < 3, 
  savage, 
  maybe yo were just no fun to fly with rofl, 
  tldr ;, 
  u mad, 
  ure a filthy roleplayer but generating low energy ph tears in comments 7o to you, 
  mate did you see the size of that explosion they were super dead even if they 'd left when maergery realised they were in danger, 
  sjws see rape everywhere , especially in pop culture . 
  it 's how they get offended by the most innocuous stuff . 
  have you ever heard of zombie rape ? 
  cmon, 
  ya looks like you got 0wned 7o to you, 
  test should be able to stand up against the legion good luck 7o to you, 
  fuck you carebear scumlords 7o to you i said 7o, 
  good were done here then buy that one 7o to you, 
  nobody cares about the french, 
  7o to you, 
  lol what you smoking kid, 
  why would you upload this lmao, 
  no need to be mean to people trying to make a difference no matter how small , yo, 
  bc you got baited then did nothing to get out once you got dropped, 
  jokes on him you 're 2 retarded to be accepted int2 a guild haha 7o to you, 
  you have a strange definition of equivalency, 
  did you notice any physical affects of your change ? 
  as a neutral irishman , after all the bernie sander super spam the past year this sub is hysterically funny hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha state of yous, 
  elaborate cover story wanky wanky, 
  shit idea fuck you, 
  7o to you dirty testboi, 
  jesus man 4 burritos whaaaaaaat, 
  tldr ? 
  you leaqin, 
  oh gad op why u do this 2 yourself, 
  thanks fam 7o to you my good man, 
  as a black man it 's part of my culture #solidarityforfam #saynotoculturalappropriation, 
  the devoter of disrespect lmao, 
  did n't read the manual, 
  gold for u, 
  what ? 
  gold for u, 
  dont get baited in low then dummies, 
  vintage wingspan, 
  why kick him ? 
  0 surprise , rdraw are shit, 
  well like you can be a dietary vegan or an ethical vegan . 
  while it 's not a diet like in the way paleo is a diet . . you can be a dietary vegan . 
  aw do n't cry bby :( :'( ( (, 
  was it, 
  and my axe !, 
  good job !, 
  7o to you, 
   press officer, 
  lmao, 
  yea i 've seen you 're doctrine , it 's garbage ... 
  no i 'm ok thanks for the suggestion . 
  ok thanks for your opinion, 
  dude, 
  in work, 
  retarded ship to fly, 
  gayest thread of the year 7o, 
  lol, 
  lol @ having a to-do list in a videogame, 
  capital letters in all posts regarding goons not getting rekt, 
  not, 
  dead, 
  alliance, 
  got ta do ur dailies got ta kill your world bosses got ta find your cloth got ta tick your boxes got ta forget to play a videogame for fun and enjoyment, 
  it 's obviously not fun for players , hence the game losing its playerbase . 
  it 's retarded mongoloids like the players who think to-do lists are fun that have pushed for this shit show . 
  thanks friends ~, 
  brilliant, 
  nope, 
  please do n't bring ireland into your retardation we 're embarrassing enough as it stands, 
  he 's clearly not involved in the shooting/evac and is writing fantasy for upvotes and attention . 
  just step back for a moment and consider the detail , chill writing , the nice formatting ... and compare that to what you think a reasonable person would be doing in the situation chevis claims to be in . 
  -1 for that one bill, 
   hi , let me introduce you to matias otero . 
  awh do n't get upset by the internet man :'( there there, 
   ( 8:17:53 pm ) anschau : well i didnt think my estimation of horde could be any lower, 
   ( 8:17:56 pm ) anschau : but yet here we are, 
  lmao, 
  lol, 
  jeff lied querious died, 
  think quieter, 
  stfu idiot, 
  it started as a corp raknors first-born son and heir toby started , quickly the number of children raknor had who wanted to play eve got a little out of control , they began naturally splitting into groups that formed their own cultural identity . 
  so the alliance dot dot dot ( executed by the corp ` to many dots ' aka too many children ) was founded by toby so they could all play with daddy without upsetting the-culture members ( whispers of nepotism ) and each corp app 'd up ceo 'd by raknors strongest children : jimmy , caleb , zion , and kevin . 
  you appear to be handicapped, 
  ah , a relic of the horde of old .
