  congratulations on your promotion fc, 
  lmao, 
  epic nice dude, 
  u r not a smahrt man, 
  i 'm not looking for packet capture tools , but advice on how to set up a virtual telephony call . 
  i need to emulate a voip call as i need to pentest the connection after packet capture so ca n't use something like skype, 
  you do know the uk worked really well before the eu was a thing , right ? 
  almost like its gotten way worse ... 
  you cant even close your own borders , the state of the usa . 
  idgi, 
  now all the ca people can shut the fuck up about water waste and other moany , shit reddit posts, 
  check out the csm member looking for special treatment in the form of harsher punishments against those who cyberbully them, 
  nobody 's being ` hunted down in real life ' get a grip, 
  found the autist, 
  did he destroy him though ? 
  how did that dude have a cigarette ????? 
  ya fuck white men !!, 
  valentines day was already sad enough, 
  fuck you, 
  gross, 
  wheres fools and their iskgold are easily parted, 
  what a garbage subreddit, 
  nice cyno devoter pilot lmfao, 
  chuckle is a gross word, 
  tldr, 
  hitler did nothing wrong, 
  i imagine sell it, 
  rest in piss, 
  do you identify as a stratios irl, 
  should be marked nsfa : not safe for autists, 
  why do you need moderation of comments ? 
  the nyx is good tho, 
  so why do they need to be moderated ? 
  people cant post garbage ? 
  thanks for the fights 7o7o, 
  you 're dumb, 
  edit : i guess you 're all mongs , please warp in your brick tanked freighters, 
  europe is a total disaster !, 
  pandemic horde vs. tc ***, 
  itt : dweebs whose lives were never effected by this , sucking up to a ccp employee for spending time on the most random pubbie ticket he could find, 
  oh no le reddit will come after you, 
  calm down nerd, 
  ok keep being afraid of nerds brah, 
  he did n't even die , great awox . 
  a real tragedy . 
  ph/noobs , pick one, 
  it is him hes a disgusting furry, 
  '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` art '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '', 
  unsubbed , just propoganda, 
  good job, 
  you died, 
  headshot tears in this thread lmbo, 
  are you being serious or are you straight up retarded ? 
  what ? 
  some way of circumventing people blocking subreddits after they see dumb spam like this , and some way of appearing like there 's more of an anti-trump shilling population on reddit by having multiple subreddits . 
  those are my guesses . 
  makes u think, 
  hahahahahhahaha, 
  ya new rule should be no rules, 
  bububububu-shield supers have better eft stats lmaooo xdddd, 
  [ called it that some dink would say this 6 minutes before your dumb ass posted , holla ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/5vsacx/test_supers_dying/de4fi3g/ ), 
  hubris dropping = using your super outside a supercap fight is it ? 
  aussie cunts, 
  looks shit dude, 
    voluntarily listening to thomas lear, 
  chill out nice tryhard post lmao, 
  shit happens you dont have a spidey sense , not much to be done about awoxers but not announcing blops fleets a day in advance would probably help mitigate the risk . 
  really , why would you announce this ? 
  ps pwnd, 
  could you blow this out of proportion anymore, 
  ` rage-injected ', 
  what, 
  what are pl-is-online hours ? 
  stupid weeb, 
  pretty shit/boring . 
  strange how this got upvoted . 
  hes right though ? 
  good job being an ungrateful retarded bitch, 
  oh no not a name change, 
  yea nice hacks, 
  true in a way though, 
  classic left internet poster copy pasta , nobody actually reads this . 
  the answer to having your dumb ` for real ' posts is n't to run to your folder of ` copypastas showing people how much of a baddie '' '' '' donnie '' '' ' is ' . 
  people who agree with you do n't read your dumb post either , they just upvote it . 
  if you had a real leg to stand on against trump , knew what you were talking about , and wernt such a little bitchboi you 'd type your own reasonably lengthed answer . 
  but you just copypasta - boring !, 
  and everyone else 's right to tell them to fuck off, 
  thats not how us voting works , so get the fuck over it, 
  it was proven hillary received 800,000 votes from non-citizens, 
  why would i care about an approval rating ? 
  why would anyone care ? 
  glad the tears are still flowing post-election . 
  the good men and women who voted for trump and support him approve of what he 's doing . 
  i think it 's clear the polls are manipulated to provide the illusion of whatever agenda the org is pushing . 
  if you think that his support has gone down since the election then you 're still living on whatever other planet you 've been on since before the election . 
  [ hahahaha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxhikyabsce ) do n't think so , guy . 
  `` you can still make no case '' why would i need to ? 
  there was an election . 
  you lost badly . 
  `` it 's quite clear he was not the preferred choice '' how do you figure that ?
