  very cool !, 
  just look at how great it is to watch sped up fights now wobble is gone , thank the gods, 
  you 're the dumbest eve player i 've ever seen, 
  i read read it now ? 
  wingspan ... 
  thx ron, 
  okay okay . . only if you 're first, 
  something 's fucky here, 
  these dudes do n't allow alts though vov, 
  damn that 's cray, 
  its says eagle in the title and on the video, 
  first being ranked 158th pvp alliance , now this . 
  savage . 
  more like thunder dome, 
  you tried, 
  cant sell the t00n without posting confirmation on the bazaar thread lmao, 
  pay for your own food and drink, 
   tip your server, 
   do n't drink and drive !, 
  fuck you and your demands, 
  join horde, 
  severance fc appeared to fluff his fleet warp and instead warped himself , we had already warped onto him at his fleet warped themselves onto grid resulting in starting the fight at 0 . 
  already pretty stoked for when gobbins does an inactivity purge, 
  i like the way you dudes have relaxed in fade to the point that your p much gate to gate roaming in blops, 
  am i being detained ?? 
  yes, 
  keep an alt in the skyteam and get on the blops killmail , get given plex , rebuy blops, 
  pretty damn cold, 
  both, 
  karmafleet are terrible , join horde for fun, 
  is this quickswipe guy genuinely handicapped ? 
  i hope you have time to play soon, 
  you 're pretty mad, 
  good stuff dude !, 
  would you be able to please sort highest to low for 7 day top pilots , corps , and alliances ? 
  please it triggers me every day, 
  okay , the numbers do n't make any sense then http://i.imgur.com/zdabmqs.png thanks for all the work you do just super triggered by the order heh . 
  they did n't already used to be this way , a couple months ago they were in order . 
  if you shoot your guns at someone out of range and do n't hit them you still get in the killmail, 
  what happened to noho exactly ? 
  could you give me a link ? 
  please, 
  thanks for the write up !, 
  i know carathas and have played with darren , faye , and xtra . 
  good guys . 
  pity noho scattered to the wind , from all i 've heard they were truly great times . 
  you 're a good man for doing this . 
  good luck !, 
  protip : do n't do this, 
  yea, 
  highly enjoyed my times hotdropping with tor . 
  to many more well organized and executed hunts chin chin !, 
  do yourself a favour and do n't aim for shitty startups, 
  no one, 
  yea you really are, 
  there 's a lot of fat fucks in reddit, 
  catatonic is a director . 
  bit late for a heads up, 
  but i 'm not playing the game atm, 
  lmao, 
  yea the trump ones is somehow more mature lmao, 
  i wish a tech specialist was paid with tax dollars to help you make a good post, 
  bernie getting cucked, 
  it 'd be the wife ruining the marriage , he 's not married to her husband , not his fault, 
  culpable in what ? 
  it 's not illegal to bang a married women , sorry dude . 
  be angry at the married one . 
  first car : 04-06 ford fiesta, 
  wtf that degree, 
  looks like you have lots of time to browse reddit and recognise reposts due to your post-arts degree unemployment lmao, 
  found the bitter middle aged writer, 
  and yet you do n't tell us their names, 
  couple days in aaaand constipation ( for me ), 
  deficit , 175 5 ' 5 at 15 is big, 
  wtf, 
  usa usa usa, 
  euro checking in - yep that 's chubby, 
  i 'll continue to watch games !, 
  i do n't play video games anymore unfortunately, 
  wow afl looks interesting !, 
  i 'll give it a watch in april, 
   another uk ( ? ), 
  person, 
  wtf ? 
  i 've got to watch a season before i choose a team to support bud !, 
  got my eyes on the sf 49ers and seahawks more than others at the moment - cool teams, 
  is it a common thing to narrow down to offence/defense ? 
  it 's difficult to initially follow a team outside the us - i 'd have closest ties to san francisco based solely on being in the software industry in a santa clara company !, 
  32 teams is a hella lot though, 
  pretty difficult to find old games alright ( (, 
  professional sandwall builders and international army sports competitors, 
  what exactly is the draft ? 
  i 'm new to sports in general having previously been a gaming nerd and shitty bedroom dweller before getting my shit together . 
  any enlightenment would be appreciated !, 
  good !, 
  i do n't want to follow the winning teams just because they 're currently winning ! ) ), 
   i believe the australian football season picks up around now , but do n't quote me on that - backstageninja 2016, 
  does the nfl seriously not start again for 7 months ? 
  signed at 34 ? 
  old boy,
