  god bless her soul, 
  wtf lol, 
  stop pushing plex prices down fuck you amazon fuck you, 
  i have no isk invested in plex . 
  ~ im gay ~, 
  dude get professional support for yourself first . 
  you are experiencing a heavy depression and could use help . 
  but find a pro . 
  it costs money and time - both things in short supply when you have a family and a special candidate like that . 
  but you need to take care of yourself to be any help to the movement . 
  i am in therapy for the past 2 years and it has improved significantly - not necessarily the situation - but the way i cope . 
  there are things in life that are quite hard to change , circumstances beyond our control . 
  but we can influence how we deal with them . 
  nerd, 
  if you think that keepstar is n't going to online you 're on a different planet mate, 
  has he tried not making people uncomfortable ? 
  epic nice dude, 
  dumb, 
  keep your stupid newbie opinions on mechanics to yourself nooberdog, 
  literally who, 
  na u rite im still bad but doesnt mean i post ideas like removing ceptor bubble immunity to reddit like cmon man head down learn the kanics first, 
  thats not a normal thing brah you 're being subjected to low energy rules, 
  glad you were paying attention to me brah whoever you are \u270c, 
  leaq, 
  you 're so in structure you 're not replying to anyone in this thread and busy posting on other subs, 
  back in the days of pandemic horde in content ring there was a guy who absolutely loved entosis . 
  genuinely excited to entosis something when catatonic dawn or charlie colt manned the fleets #neverforget you beautiful entosising bastard, 
  knights online sends its regards, 
  2/12 gone #goldenage, 
  7o to your stuff, 
  stop using a shit guide site and play the game, 
  lol arranged fights, 
   undergoon railroad, 
  lmao, 
  leave her and move on with your life brah, 
  lol this comment, 
  take control of your own life . 
  make your own decisions - do n't let others do it for you . 
  if you wait 11 days the prize you win is an unhappy relationship with a woman who 's settled for you - that 's what 's happening right now , she 's weighing up her options ... is this the best she can do ? 
  could she get a better deal ( more money , more things , higher social ranking ) with another man ? 
  you came here for support but i 'll give you my advice . 
  move on . 
  objectively break down your life and make decisions on your day to day activities , goals , actions only that will help you in some way . 
  be selfish , look after yourself , better yourself . 
  you 're sinking right now , if you stubbornly keep going in the same direction who knows where 'll you 'll end up - the odds ar n't in your favour there though . 
  time to change tac no ? 
  buy my friends titans, 
   i 'm stuck in the toilet with no loo roll , i just got ta take the sock off and wipe up the mess . 
  i 've seen a titan dropped into roaming gangs in fade many times, 
  titans chilling with horde are pl boi . 
  excluding your dead levi . 
  technicalities like horde or horde-with-pl-ticket do n't matter when your group travelling to o1y gets bononic 'd . 
  much of a muchness . 
  you wonder why there 's a reputation of being dropped on in fade by horde - i 'm telling you . 
  no need to get butthurt/spinning . 
  nah i never said all . 
  in fact it 's very few - but if affects who comes to your space and in what . 
  i 'm also not talking about test but space guilds in general coming to o1y . 
  anyways why come to o1y in a bc or bs and risk being ddd when you can come in nano bullshit ? 
  there are dummies i play with who drop supers on roamers , it 's not something you can prevent people from doing but it has consequences . 
  i hope you 're putting aside enough time to file the necessary paperwork to authorized assembly of a workgroup and ( of course ) seek pre-approval from your timezones designated director to fill out paperwork !, 
  what a load of shit rofl, 
  lol bringing an fc onyx to a rupture fleet, 
  stfu idiot your posting is garbage, 
  stuck at 25 % and fail to login !, 
  wtf !, 
  edit : check out the silencing of bug reporting in a bug thread lmao, 
  wrong, 
  thanks, 
  repercusses are totally dumb and bad , a welcome addition to nc . 
  downvote 4 you, 
  use pings, 
  upvote for you, 
  mc are terrible nothing new, 
  noobs not knowing dying is bad in this year of 2016, 
  the mad continues, 
  peta.org has a pro-vegan agenda and is a propaganda website/organization , i too would n't use them as sources for impartial data . 
  2016 european union, 
  lol, 
  islam is a religion and culture incompatible with our way of life , is a danger to our women , to our homosexuals , and everyone in our country . 
  edit : i 'd like to point out this just happened , nice suppression, 
  you have been banned from participating in / r/ireland . 
  you can still view and subscribe to / r/ireland , but you wo n't be able to post or comment . 
  hey ron, 
  that sucks dude and totally not a legit reason to break up with someone - but if you two were really loose and/or she was n't really feeling it i can see why not being able to go for dinner was an uncompromisable change, 
  do n't listen to this retard . 
  everyone can petition for missing sp . 
  sp is what you buy by paying your subscription as well as the ability to play the game . 
  ccp do n't mind adding it back to your account - everyone does it all the time , do n't be guilt tripped into not petitioning . 
  they reply within a few hours . 
  i myself have petitioned for 2 missing days when forgetting to restart the queue after a clone swap , as does everyone . 
  so you 're blaming users with ticket-able issues for the slow response times and not blaming ccp for not hiring more staff or working faster ? 
  so sad . 
  you forget your skill queue for a week and you sit there in your chair and think to yourself ' i do n't want to waste anyones time or slow queue response time by asking for sp i paid for and that ccp are happy to provide me because it 'll waste ccps valuable time ' ? 
  you 're a weak mindless consumer . 
  op send your ticker in do n't listen to this garbage . 
  they will know , they seem to have a `` missing sp : < number  '' counter attached to your pilot . 
  huh i 'm very suprised !, 
  looks like they screwed you over in particular . 
  the man knows what 's up,
