  lol wtf, 
  ez kills from noobs, 
  strategic objective achieved - a classic, 
  what have you gotten done or issues you 've raised in the csm that a non super pilot cares about ? 
  aka the vast majority ? 
  anything you can say to justify you being on the csm ? 
  achievements etc ? 
  3rd times the charm, 
  what about the creep 30 y/o woman ? 
  sick reload, 
  we get the best tears do n't be folks, 
  thanks ralph, 
  wait you 're serious ? 
  dude ... 
  fc the ragnarok docked, 
  private, 
  not even one wyvern ... beautiful , just beautiful, 
  never change america, 
  tldr, 
  gay is the way, 
  that 's not a reference to the holocaust dood, 
  good , cowards never win, 
  haha you died !, 
  what a bunch of dumbies, 
  this is a terrible post, 
  itd be a lot better if i didnt have to mute the stream everytime they switch to the commentator desk lmao, 
  : thinking :, 
  dude nice, 
  i wish you 'd redact your life tbqh, 
  only thing you can dunk are your oreos in your chocolate milk lmao, 
  i wish i could downvote you 1488 times, 
  stop triggering me with your white fish, 
  omg i love salon.com haha, 
  the only thing under elysian jurisdiction is the dumpster, 
  justice for noirpied, 
  yea sometimes one unpaid volunteer is just plain shit and should be removed , allowing another better unpaid volunteer to take their place, 
  crazy , i know, 
  i meant to say please unban judymikakka , he is a good person and is really cute, 
  also what leak ? 
  damn that is spicy, 
  tell us the bait dude ... ... ... ... ... 
  vintage wingspan piloting, 
  where the fuck is bensen, 
  rip hk, 
  you would n't believe how many people i talk to that think this is legit , thanks europe, 
  lol, 
  wow okay, 
  wow, 
  why they got to try pull you down , ron ? 
  so what you 're saying is it 's not on you what you print , and it 's on the readers to police your articles ' standards and content for you so you do n't continue to be an eve online rag ? 
  leave judy alone ... 
  what a retarded mindset you have lmao, 
  pretty rude i thought he was a qt, 
  this appears to have nothing to do with veganism and more to do with being a filthy hippy, 
  happy birthday ? 
  someone actually took in pwn n play lmfao 420 420, 
  so nice to have a commentary desk who knows what they 're talking about rather than last week ( excluding suitonia ) where we had a pre-teen nobody , meme taken too far , and ectomorphic hubris-filled sack of autism, 
  g * d bless chessur, 
  # #goldenage, 
  # #downwardstrend, 
  ur an embarrassment to the human race idiot, 
  more like docked up and watched the match u mango, 
  idk, 
  idk, 
  a hero of the horde, 
  i was going to post a comment here along the lines of ` but what about x and y directors they 'd never do this to horde ' then i realised there are none lmao rip, 
  there 's 4 irish videos there bro, 
  i do n't see the gila featuring in the patch notes ? 
  easier just to ctrl + f it , 
  no thx, 
  next suggestion please, 
  #only a jk we do n't care what you suggest keep it to yourself and/or / r/leagueoflegends, 
  wish mine would !, 
  hunting test ratters and spreading anti-test propaganda during wartime, 
  guess we know where suitonia 's allegiances lie ) ) ) ), 
  from purely anecdotal experience the people who can get it cured have either started one of the fantastic new treatments available - or have some seemingly random cure trigger thing . 
  yours seems to have been dietary and a dietary issue veganism solved !, 
  nice !, 
  ` mother dirt soap ' was a risky google when out for lunch ... 
  how is palm oil not vegan ? ... 
  #increase jump range and this is what you 'll get, 
  full map rental empire !!!, 
  #wake up sheeple, 
  tips & tricks, 
  wouldnt it go up ... 
  dont cut yourself on ur antigoon edge bud ) ) ), 
  do they tho ? 
  i feel like a lot of the now-removed isk is/was kept in plex, 
  what makes you like chaostheory ? 
  i agree with op should just delete titans from the game tbqh, 
  idk i quit years ago and sold all my ingame assets and characters this game is shit fuck ccp long live guild wars 2, 
  whos bobmon ? 
  please stop smelling me thanks, 
  looks like a lot of fun !, 
  sinead o'connor, 
  got ta keep your good posts for sa lol, 
  tea, 
  i dont take milk in my tea !, 
  ruins the flavor  if you have to id go for soy, 
  hopefully it 's turned perma,
