  this is a fundamentally flawed idea of what a person will or can do when in a black hole depression no matter how good an idea that is ( i would of course encourage someone to do this ) . 
  many times the person in question does not possess the strength , ability , or desire to so actively help themselves , and seeking help on an internet forum , if for only a willing ear to talk to , is the only thing they can or will do . 
  my opinion however is that a videogame subreddit is an unsuitable environment for both the one seeking help and the one providing it . 
  you appear to have had a traumatic time while on / r/depression and i 'm sorry it happened to you . 
  however i am not the edgy troll and have no power of him/her and it does n't change the fact it 's a more appropriate forum . 
  an edgy troll can just as likely if not more likely post a reply to a suicidal post on / r/eve and have the same negative impact . 
  test , the culture , and darkness are the only alliances bored enough to come fight a silly willy interceptor fleet, 
  french brave best brave, 
  ya im sure their raging in their big ass battlestation u dumbo lmao, 
  long live the impereume, 
  wot, 
  novac , hard knocks , overload this , lazerhawks , scary wormhole ppl, 
  check out origin . 
  recruiting in kicked horde threads lmao, 
  how 's it going pyrhhus ? 
  what a rat, 
  super look so fun now , aside from the jump problems, 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  caldari is the enemy . 
  grindr, 
  dae screenshot, 
  huh nice i 'll try this next time, 
  people never say hyphen as an alternative to tac they say dash . 
  ya the ping spam is in fact just ping spam, 
  welcome back mack, 
  no u, 
  that apoc awox, 
  got to get them cpu gains bro, 
  maybe its time for a change and to start pwning nubs everyday, 
  fair, 
  how would you know ? 
  co2 had the dankest fleet in the whole of eve last night, 
  first, 
  nah just dont like the blue donut of mbc, 
  ah the ol' denial of spies to support your spies legitimacy amongst the enemy ranks ey / s, 
  when in doubt, 
  ron will figure it out, 
  good work officers, 
  stream it, 
  that 6b bhaalgorn though, 
  mfw goons moving their supercaps from saranen to querious, 
  waffles alone will match 1/6th of your alliances fleet, 
  yep, 
  sorticus are good men, 
  tldr, 
  you do n't have any bloc level fcs left bud, 
  goons can , in fact , field 2-3 fleets in eutz, 
  nah hes not , but he did at one stage know how to ping for soups, 
  it 's more like nobody cares enough about goons who do n't have supers, 
  man repercussus jumped ship so fast lmao, 
  well he does live in derelik ... 
  what a shit post, 
  ya sure y not, 
  ya they also pack their sense of humour in there too, 
  good job ot, 
  hispanic enterprises in co2 lmao ... 
  so why fit a scram at all ? 
  effort of reading your post, 
  cultural victory, 
  no fuck off, 
  he 'd have to undock first amirite lmao, 
  nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnno, 
  mfw someone does n't know their memes lmao do you even meme ?? 
  not kappa, 
  what an aids show, 
  itt : op slamming nerds, 
  upvoting paco, 
  haha the biscuit war , n1 . 
  keep the fights coming !, 
  you are handicapped . 
  i 'm going to dismiss you as a total mongoloid retard how do u feel is it not ok ? 
  op is a cuck, 
  do you just fly around spreading your salt and ratting on people now ? 
  literally no change, 
  i was there eve is real befr are cool, 
  keep it up boi watch out for the smoke while drinking !, 
  i have n't beaten that one yet, 
  is it spitting when it 's out your nose tho, 
  you 're a retard fuck off, 
  god what a shit idea, 
  pretty neat boy, 
  thanks ron, 
  to be mentioned by mittens truly is the dream, 
  where 'd that lad go anyway ? 
  we lay down and go unconscious for 8 hours a day not playing eve or fleeting up makes u think, 
  was n't noobman crying over heatds use for bhaalgorns hahahahhaahhah, 
  any other way to pay because nope not using paypal, 
  you go girl, 
  lol, 
  nice english lmao not, 
  lol, 
  lol, 
  lol @ shadow cartels corp recruitment hahahahh, 
  what, 
  1 pl on the killmail lmao, 
  which is a hk super alt,
