  yes ? 
  eggs that arnt cooked . 
  what are you struggling to understand ? 
  that 's pretty crazy man , i guess if i can keep the hype for the next 7 months i may be better off than someone who starts watching in the middle of a season . 
  but this is going to be tough !, 
  i 've done some reading and come to an early opinion jed york sucks donkey dick , also what gives with having members of a family straight up given senior positions ? 
  i got into football then found out the season does n't start for 7 months . 
  what the fuck america ? 
  also go seahawks , cardinals , 49ers , and steelers !, 
  ur bad lol, 
  not sure where i got 34 from , definitely saw it when i looked him up o.o, 
  tried that and i got the lockout , then was able to turn to ignition out of it . 
  but it was n't initially in lockout . 
  thank you for the suggestion  mystery unsolved !, 
  there seems to be a strange sweet spot 90 % in ( as you said ) and after turning the key the opposite way then gently forwards . 
  havnt honed in on exactly how to replicate it every time but getting closer !, 
  ford mondeo '04 here !, 
  it 's strange it 's almost like i have to turn the key the opposite way first ... hmm . . 
  in exactly the same place , friendship ruined . 
  hitting the gym . 
  who will be qb for niners if he leaves ? 
  i 'm finding it hard to believe so many people in this thread only have 1 scoop of whey, 
  you could lose 15lb in a month, 
  stupid, 
  female, 
  hi i 'm wondering why this miata is n't selling ? 
  http://www.adverts.ie/car/mazda/mx-5/2004-mazda-mx-5/9664875 it ; s a 2004 nb mx 5 , lovely interior , seems to be in a great shape . 
  i 'm looking for my first car and can make an offer of 4,000 next month . 
  should i ? 
  i can definitely put it on a jack stand for days . 
  i live in a housing estate so it 's sort of a private road . 
  the thing i 'd worry about more is the jack stand getting stolen haha, 
  council garage rent is n't a thing in ireland :(, 
  i 'd say they 're very expensive , im a student/intern at the moment . 
  the road of my estate is probably the best place it 's going to be !, 
  wondering if there are any tips or basic work i can do on it with what i 've got , 
   normally you could probably crank out several if you are fresh but after lifting you may struggle to do ten . 
  so after lifting increases the number of pushups you do ... right, 
  you should exercise doms, 
  lol, 
  to tag onto this comment thread if your kilogram gym does n't had 1.25 kg plates buy and bring your own micro plates or do what i do and bring 1.2 ish kg wrist weights and strap them onto the barbell, 
  looks good to me, 
  damn that dank avatar body armor , mirin, 
  less name calling , anime watching , hentai fapping , my little pony loving . . more positivity , productivity , determination . . and you can help yourself, 
  damn man nice progress lookin good, 
  non shredded ? 
  all the bars at my gym spin with bearings . . shit, 
  5-7 concussions seems excessive and dangerous but i do n't know more about the subject to know any better, 
  depression does n't necessarily subscribe to how good or bad your life is - it can arrive unannounced and for little reason . 
  be open to the possibility and if it does end up being a little depression you 'll catch it far quicker bud, 
  some people use benadryl to trip psychedelics , they use drowsy . . or is it non drowsy . . 
  i ca n't remember but look it up . 
  you may be using the trippy one . 
  i 'd be careful of that one . 
  epic, 
  wrong, 
  man that sucks . 
  maybe you should change your program or something, 
  dude nice work, 
  hoover are bad euros are trash goons won the war rons mad were all back to dota and chiv, 
  owe yourself the beer , owe yourself to not have the cigarette, 
  dedication bra , you 're not done without the last session , your week 's not over . 
  seriously though that 's a standing incline press, 
  that 's ok the best kind of right is being factually right : ^ ), 
  literally mod of a weak lifters subreddit nice dude, 
  are you feeling ok ? 
  you sound mad, 
  dude nice, 
  bail the weight backwards off your shoulders , do n't worry about the floor that 's their problem, 
  8 years jesus dude you 're old as fuck in eve you dirty old man, 
  why bother with an entosis holder alliance . . 
  what, 
  lol no they do n't, 
  nah the isk was a good initial incentive but after m-o the war took on a life of its own . 
  the good guys do what they like and do n't take orders from iwi lol, 
  ty too many acronyms, 
  do n't i know it , cant deal with both at the same time, 
  ya if douchebro is in your vocabulary it 's no surprise people would refer to you as a sjw, 
  what a cuck bitch boy, 
  god bless, 
  nah hes wrong again what a dumbo, 
  what a time to fly a spaceship, 
  fatal ascension dude joins dreddit , attempts to fetch his titan solo without support through korazor . 
  -1 best titan, 
  man kids are so mean, 
  ps ur a retard, 
  srp gives you aids, 
  ya going to fanfest in the middle of a war that 'd be a great idea, 
  he 's not, 
  i 'll eat a big pepperoni pizza if he ends up going, 
  you sound mad, 
  he 's not wrong, 
  ez kills from noobs, 
  haha made you read !, 
  more like he didnt say jump amirite ????? 
  idk sweeping statement , jeffraider would be untrustworthy, 
  it 's never been a better time for a loss to be unnoticeable in the cfc, 
  i think you could tho, 
  i remember that screenshot from weeks ago, 
  hey u kno got ta play to be in the chance of winning dog good attempt props,
