big fan of your stream , never heard of you before your stream popped up on the mmo-champion front page . 
  but now i am a big fan =p, 
  and please get jesse cox to your show . 
  he has eluded you once , but never more !, 
  don ` t forget to bring jesse cox to the stream yo , you can meet him and crendor at pandaria . 
  haha , you should see jesse cox try to do this . 
  oh , the madness ... 
  now , i got the beta 3 days ago . 
  but this error stops me from getting any further than 10 % . 
  already made a ticket , and searched the whole internet for a solution . 
  just thought i ` d try here =p, 
  i want to play pandas when its vacation ;(, 
  i got my beta invite three days ago . 
  dyrus with pillow is unstoppable . 
  overexaggerate much , huh . 
  the pillow bumping was good fun , and the crowd enjoyed it . 
  the 100k pricetags made my jaw drop . 
  i feel as an technician , the motion sensor and the tumper is essential , and togheter they cost 175 000 . 
  im so sad ;(, 
  eu-nordic & east 194, 
  i will watch this, 
  lol , so awesome to watch . 
  felt good man, 
  evelynn placeholder ;(, 
  wow , as a new player i suddenly don ` t feel very welcome anymore :o, 
  you guys should maybe also include some news from the reds ? 
  i prefer twitch . 
  can watch in 720p no problem , but get green screen on own3d if i pass 480, 
  i am so happy for you guys =p really hope obama wins, 
  good luck from norway, 
  enlightened me quite a bit, 
  lal , my installation was smooth . 
  log-in a breeze . 
  i played till the server fix . 
  game is awesome . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  and i wondered where team goose went - . ^, 
  wow , i remember going through that hall . 
  i always stopped at each of them , carefully examining them . 
  i did feel a bit sad watching them , especially the ones who had their stomachs opened . 
  he definately needs to improve =p, 
  oddone got extremely countered at the start ... and than i look at hotshots shen , and hes lower lvl than oddone . 
  wow , you made that ? 
  haha , saw that on dyrus stream, 
  wow , people actually reported the owner of this bunny to some animal police or something ( rspca ) ... 
  always when i watch animals have fun on youtube , its always 1/10 downvotes and comments about pet abuse . 
  did he just pull a hotshotgg ?!, 
  i see the orb tag in many games on popular streams . 
  so , do you guys ever play in tournements ? 
  haven ` t seen you guys there yet . 
  scottish is on line with korenglish according to riot . 
  being able to see over crowds and pick groceries on the tallest shelfs . 
  any normal airplane and im juuust fine . 
  but ryanar , oh boy , that gets a bit uncomfortable . 
  but i guess im just whining , since the general height here seems to be 6 ' 4 '' + + +, 
  i guess im one of the lower ones here ;p all you guys are like 6 ' 4 '' + . 
  damn , for the first time in my life , i feel short . 
  sooo , am i accepted here , or am i one of the `` others '' . 
  i think he also said he had like 10 to 20 % win rate versus wickd too . 
  shen got pretty nice sustain , so yes , he can heal himself . 
  yes , that would be awesome . 
  hmm , are you the one and only chaox , or a big fat phony ? 
  game 3 of clg.eu vs tsm was good . 
  and i heard the casters say clg.na vs crs ( i think ? ), 
  was an awesome game too . 
  yeah , clicked on the link only to see that . 
  but i guess dyrus hugging every tsm member is enough of a ceremony . 
  expensive , but dayum it gives you a summoner icon and banner . 
  that alone is worth it . 
  tired of my purple caster minion now . 
  `` you ca n't make money off of grinding mobs in x_random_d3_plac '', 
  rmah, 
  well , just recently ( yesterday or the day before ) they did 2-0 m5 . 
  just watched it live on cctv . 
  launch successful captain . 
  sad the stream is at the same time as dreamhack . 
  losing a couple thousand views . 
  tsm has many haters =p most popular team , most dedicated haters . 
  but you guys beat mtw.na , so you ` re not that bad . 
  some take his persona as this arrogant gamer too seriously . 
  all just an act =p, 
  whaat , people turn off music ? 
  preposterous, 
   the drama had a happy ending afterall ... 
  though i do wonder how the asians weren ` t first . 
  many of the people in korea is streaming at the moment , still doesn \u00b4 t change dyrus and theoddones massive numbers . 
  what would you do if jayce was a yordle ? 
  yes it is , but general townes retired , so the godone is the new laser general, 
  ;o im -6.00 at both eyes . 
  im so close to the limit ? 
  nooooooooooooooooo, 
  how low vision can you get before you can \u00b4 t use lences and glasses anymore to get normal vision ? 
  i currently have -6.00 in both my eyes , but im pretty young . 
  i thought they only targeted tsm , but as of now they are ddosing mashme ;(, 
  that comeback was so awesome . 
  and people reallly enjoyed the teamspeak . 
  just looking at the chat after regi said ; `` they apparantly want to cast this game . '', 
  noooooooooooo x682727 times in the chat . 
  they did that before the jungle remake . 
  he has no aoe , so he still clears very slow .
