  and consume still doesn \u00b4 t do anything in teamfights . 
  im digging his charismatic casting , feeling very lively and energetic . 
  not like the usual golf-commentators . 
  you broke your oath, 
  neither . 
  attack speed reds, 
  * the onion knight, 
  what sorcery is this . 
  the thumbnail does not reflect the link . 
  a true norwegian viking . 
  he 'll probably fit right in with the wildlings . 
  if that is the case , well done !, 
  my fellow countryman fits right in with the wildings . 
  damn , so much happening today . 
  2 tournements and tsm thingy . 
  wow , this circlejerk tsm-hate ... 
  by looking at your comment history and this comment , you 're everything that 's wrong with this community . 
  `` quality questions . '', 
  there were no quality questions fyi . 
   if you are tall , young , male , and skinny ; then watch out for one of your lungs spontaneously collapsing . 
  dude , not cool . 
  mousesports vs crs . 
  make way for the underdogs !, 
  wow , awesome . 
  you could make a dinosaur theme park in your yard . 
  dude , that is what differentiates them from all the other top 5 \u00b4 s , which is a good thing . 
  you should search for `` bob the street cat '' on youtube . 
  i bet that will change your mind . 
  should be a dan dinh , montecristo , deman & qu1ksh0t appreciation thread . 
  they all did awesomely , 
  sometimes i wonder if xpecial ever pause when talking , 
  wow , i 'm from norway , did n't know i could watch this . 
  thought they blocked it . 
  he says he 'll do one after every major tournement . 
  i do n't really think 2 ama 's each month is spamming . 
  people feel it 's interesting and it get 's upvoted . 
  ah , relaxing to see a dog that is n't cut in half and placed on top of another one . 
  ah , so it 's hate ocelote week again ? 
  wow , 1000 $ donation just happened . 
  yes , 22 000 viewers, 
  ooooooh , this will be helpful . 
  too many times have the blue reset , mid wanders off like nothing happened and i jungle with 100 hp . 
  well shit , you dun goofed up , prepare for the inevitable, 
  really , can you guys stop blowing everything out of proportion . 
  you hate a new pro-player each week and forget it all by monday . 
  redditor for 22 minutes . 
  what , where is this . 
  it 's 15 \u00b0 c and sunny . 
  am i the only one in here that manages to read comments nicely and does n't think this new theme is worse than hitler ? 
  so this is saints new favourite league champ yet ? 
  but ... can she jump over walls ? 
  aaah , now we know why some casters lack enthusiasm . 
  well shiit . 
  i played versus kubon in go4lol two weeks ago , and now he 's mvp at iem singapore . 
  no guilt for losing lane . 
  so brave . 
  hating on ocelote in a hate-ocelote thread . 
  damn , i thought this was pandaria for a second . 
  man , clg changing rooster all the time , i ca n't even remember who 's where anymore . 
  kfc man . 
  that juicy chicken ... 
  unfortunately , chicken is too expensive in norway for it to work ;(, 
  shushei in season 3 . 
  hah , reminds me . 
  i have played this game for 3-4 years now , but have n't played a single soloqueue game that i can remember for 1 year . 
  premades on skype really is the only thing keeping me playing . 
  of course it sounds better , you 've said it your whole life . 
  but in european native tongues , like norwegian , 21 . 
  february , 2013 sounds more right . 
  come on now . 
  waiting for you guys to analyze each second of this preview . 
  the smile lightens my day . 
  well shit , it got deleted . 
  i just facepalmed at m eye a autoattacking champions instead of the nexus . 
  oh damn , i forgot that item existed . 
  my favourite toplaner on evil geniuses is wickd too . 
  it was woong . 
  he said he wanted to retire at the top , did n't he ? 
  reddit enhancement suit, 
  i 'm sorry , [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) . 
  yeah , hate it when my mid or the enemy takes my baron buff on karthus . 
  10/10 haiku, 
  is it confirmed that the chinese will be a faction in battlefield 4 as they were in battlefield 2 ? 
  just wondering , seeing as the `` china rising '' dlc may just be usa vs russia in china . 
  well , you could always use [ last pass ] ( https://lastpass.com/ ) . 
  it remembers the passwords and automatically fills it in . 
  man , after seeing the videos of the krokodile drug and rotting flesh , i 'm pretty much immune to this now . 
  rng rng rng !, 
  rng rng rng, 
  waah , my brain is having such a hard time processing what i 'm looking at . 
  whaat , i could reap hundreds of karma if i 'd posted this tidbit of information i learned when i had a presentation about sahara ? 
  damn , atleast my classmates thought it funny . 
  i want in !, 
  the odds look good , so i 'll probably not get it . 
  shiit , maybe i 'll win . 
  yes , the lol item really is named after ohmwrecker . 
  is it ? 
  i can confirm , i 'm from eu , just got a beta key 19 minutes ago , 
  i can confirm , just got a beta key 19 minutes ago , 
  got low on gold , so had to do some constructed with my little-thought out decks .
