  anyone got a suggestion for both a free and a non-free book ? 
  i agree with cognitiocupitor , the dlc just adds some minor details here and there and some quality of life changes , nothing major . 
  uh , so my secret santa match likes snowboarding . 
  is there anything in the 20-40 $ range that i can buy that is fun and related to snowboarding ? 
  thanks . 
  edit : pretty silly question , true . 
  nothing that i can get that is both exciting and cheap . 
  i guess i 'll emphasize the word `` fun '' and go for something else . 
  800 kroner for to privatisteksamener i kinesisk f\u00f8r jul. 
  and then your theologian dies . 
  if your grandfather loves historical games so much , maybe he 'll enjoy the 4x paradox games ? 
  though they can be a bit more challenging to learn , i admit . 
  victoria 2 and hearts of iron 3 might fit . 
  converting to orthodoxism as the knights in a knights -  jerusalem game has to be one of my bigger `` oh shit '' moments . 
  managed to grab a christian lebanon , wait 20 years for them to revolt , 5 years for the rebels to enforce demands , and hurray , im catholic again by 1536 . 
  edit : here are some pics for you to laugh at : http://imgur.com/gallery/pe74y/new, 
  kinda feel they should be allowed to enforce demands . 
  so retarded to watch noble rebels occupy corsica for over 200 years , and the genoa ai does n't mind . 
  the knights to jerusalem game is fun . 
  small , challenging , and by 1550 you can smack the ottomans with a commonwealth + austria alliance . 
  you know what , this is the day i learn the rules of american football , so i never more have to question why the sport-gif on the front page is so amazing . 
  wow , as a norwegian i thought he were speaking korean there for a second ... sorry danes . 
  oh ... so that 's what happens when i do n't quarantine . 
  always wondered about why i never got any notifications about it spreading . 
  my account was rank 11 , but i still had sgt. 
  hammer and falstad ulocked . 
  how come =o ? 
  norwegian velferd chiming in . 
  i say we 're the best !, 
  shit , potensially 5 games of subchat and frogleap trolling ? 
  i 've never done it before , but i may be forced to ... x out the chat . 
  what , aw , the game does n't cover norway north of oslo , where like , i live ;(, 
  bare for orientering . 
  oh shit , i never saw that connection before now 0 . o, 
  wtf , i 'm norwegian . 
  am i reading this wrong , or are you saying all norwegians and swiss look at all minorities with disapproval ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're speaking from experience as an foreigner that has been to both norway and switzerland , and then i apologize for the experience . 
  but we have what , 804 963 immigrants and norwegian-born to immigrant parents . 
  i am one of them myself . 
  i have never experienced this `` one of them '' mentality you 're speaking of . 
  yes , norway has racism , which becomes apparent from the comments on newspaper websites . 
  but no , there is nothing that says that norway and switzerland are especially xenophobic compared to other countries . 
  norway i guess . 
  it 's a slightly harder denmark , with easier colonizing . 
  and if you fk up like me , you make rivals of mega-austria , russia and commonwealth , which makes the game a bit more challenging than normal , 
  iirc , and i may be wrong , but i think it 's illegal to sing in playback , so everything is live . 
  can some one explain to me what they are protesting ? 
  from what i gathered from the article , they seem like anarchists , anti-capitalists and uh , putin-sympathisers . 
  yes , he want 's to quit . 
  he does not smoke as much as he did before . 
  but my dad is sometimes pretty stressed , and nicotine is a lifesaver for him . 
  so if he does n't manage to quit , atleast he wo n't have to inhale all the toxic stuff that comes with a cigarette . 
   kanger subox mini, 
  that one ? 
  from what i understand , the kit contains no juice/battery , so i have to order that too ? 
  i just order that from the same website ? 
  thanks for the help man , appreciated . 
  i 'm from norway , so it 's illegal to sell juice here i think , and we do n't have father 's day tomorrow here either , but thanks for the suggestion , 
  is this a good and trusted website ? 
  edit : nvm , no international shipping ;(, 
  oh , well , it is n't a big list . 
  [ tbarw extra : transparent political mapmode ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=310638421 ), 
  that is all  i also use [ arumba 's modpack ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=363742722 ) , but that is n't updated for 1.12 yet . 
  oh , it did n't automatically update from steam , but manually getting the files from his website worked . 
  yo , what . 
  if anything , positive comments about china on this sub are pretty rare . . 
  got any link to the specific book he is talking about on amazon ? 
  at man slipper oppoverbakkene er jo ogs\u00e5 et pluss ... 
  well , more like $ 91-99k usd if you work in the public domain , and $ 112k usd if you work privately . 
  but yeah , low as fk compared to the us . 
  phd i cs og studerer medisin ? 
  well . 
  i come from norway , so i guess i can chime in . 
  every norwegian studying usually takes out loans , even if they do n't need it , because it is free money . 
  and it enables students to study full time without working . 
  i study medicine , which is 6 years in norway , and i 'll take out ca . 
  $ 11,500 each year , which totals up to $ 69,000 when im done . 
  the thing is , i wo n't have to pay back 40 % if i graduate . 
  so i 'll end up with a loan of $ 41,500 , which is rent free while i study . 
  compared to median us medical school expenses , which totals to $ 200,000 to $ 270,000 after 4 years , i pretty much still prefer our system . 
  hum , * off to google econemetrics * , men nei , studerer medisin . 
  excuse me for asking , but no residencies in iceland ? 
  so is it normal for students to specialize abroad , and then return home ? 
  i checked ssb ( statistical bank ) out of curiosity , and the numbers for 2015 were : 69 200 nok per month ( after overtime ) , which is 830 400 per year ( ca . 
  not sure if this was taking into account doctors working privately or not . 
  is md not the international equivalent of the title we get when we graduate ( cand . 
  really think they cleaned up some of the shots , especially the orcs talking . 
  at first glance the cgi looks really good . 
  this trailer brought my hypemeter from cautious optimism to `` kinda a little bit excited optimism '' . 
  he is actually lying , do n't know why . 
  though reddit did target the wrong guy , and his family got harassed . 
  but the person that got targeted comitted suicide before the bombing happened . 
  so , to help me understand . 
  this is the coalition map http://go-dl1.eve-files.com/media/corp/coalitionsov/coalitioninfluence.png . 
  where is the moneybadger coalition on this map ? 
  and is n't the drone region federation just as powerful as the imperium ? 
  well , [ karsk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karsk ) is ( unfortunately ) a thing here , especially tr\u00f8ndelag . 
  ( this same system is more or less the same , with variations , for year 2-5 ) . 
  1 exam each year , before summer . 
  100 mcq and 4 essays ( with a-e ) , 6 hours .
