you can fool all the people some of the time , and some of the people all the time , but you can not fool all the people all the time . 
   jeff  tfw finally ttip info is leaked and my favorite poster ( / s ) is not around , discussing facts ... 
  but why should little me not have a choice as to know what goes down my belly ? 
   for decades you and your family has eaten food that has been sprayed with chemicals and pesticides that 's quite an assumption to make . 
  do i know you ? 
  do you know me ? 
  i think not . 
  but even assuming your interesting scenario ; we 've been bogged down by lots of shit . 
  so , just give up and take more shit ? 
   gmo i will never buy any food for me or my family that is gmo . 
  now , you can agree with me or not , but i want to have gmo foods labeled as such . 
  everyone can choose , then . 
  as it is the standard here , right now . 
  but with ttip ? 
  if you would know better , and rather have someone else decide whether i may know or not know what goes into my belly , then we have a problem . 
  but what if i do n't want to eat gmo foods , even though you think it will not be bad for my health ? 
  you can always buy an american car instead of a vw , but i would like to have the choice to know what my food is made from . 
  i think we will see some stuff tomorrow morning starting at around 11:00 am ( gmt +1 ), 
   austria 's greatest accomplishment was to convince the world that mozart was austrian and hitler was german . 
  ftfy, 
  still , it does n't sit well with me , that something that will be effectively law is presented in only it 's final form to the legislative body , without the possibility of any influence on even the most basic tenets , in a ` take it or leave it ' kind of way . 
  edit :  it 'll be public for more than a year before they even vote on it let 's see about this . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , i 'm not talking about every single mp of every single country . 
  i 'm talking about a trusted parliamentary comittee that has access to the documents . 
  we do the same thing with intelligence , which has been working for a long time . 
  this committee does exist , if i remember correctly , but their ability to do a meaningful review or even overview has been severely restricted . 
  why , i ask ? 
  we are not in the early stages of negotiation , and neither did i suggest that every single mp from every country have access to everything . 
  my concern was , that the selected parliament members who , all in accord with procedure should have access to the documents , have been severely limited in that access to said documents . 
  why , and , cui bono ? 
  nowhere did i suggest excluding the most affected parties ( being the citizens of the eu and the us ) , did i ? 
  or did you mean industry ? 
  i did n't suggest excluding them either , no ? 
   i see what you mean , but there 's a great reason for including industry in these things - they know what they are talking about . 
  who knows more about the europe-wide telecommunications industry , for instance ? 
  a random german green mep , or vodafone ? 
  the industry sure knows what they 're talking about , while mep 's do n't . 
  ok now , that 's some statement . 
  sure , why do n't we just do away with those bothersome parliaments and just let the industry leaders decide what 's best for us ... 
   i understand that . 
  and if ttip gets waved through with no legislative scrutiny then i will be equally furious . 
  but it wo n't . 
  it 's the drafting stage . 
  i have no interest in seeing an unfinished document and do n't understand the hysteria about wanting to do so . 
  agreed . 
  but why restrict access to elected members of the parliament who will ultimately be the ones to vote on it ? 
  i think that would be the issue the members of the parliament have here . 
  they are probably worried they 'll be issued with a 1,000 + page proposal , and be asked to vote on it without adequate time to thoroughly check all the details included . 
   gets waved through with no legislative scrutiny that 's the point here , not just legislative scrutiny , but the chance for thorough legislative/political scrutiny . 
   certainly it will be complicated . 
  that 's why there will be a long time to look at it all . 
  someone like me can get through this sort of thing in a week if we 're tasked just to do it , and distill the important sections for the lay people . 
  thanks for pointing this out in another post . 
  so , members of parliament ( at least those belonging to a chosen comittee ) should be able to look at this complicated text , even at a draft , as they wish to do , giving them enough time to prepare an opinion , no ? 
   imo she has credibly and consistently portrayed it as a moral issue for her . 
  this made my day . 
  plz . 
  if your serious about this , you 're just delusional . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  you think merkel gives a fuck about moral issues ? 
  just a screen that fits her agenda . 
  this is not how ( geo ) politics work . 
  implement the australian model , and watch how the deluge of economic refugees dries up . 
  but no , there will be `` camps '' . 
  now i 'm immediately branded as a neonazi ( because of my flair ) ... 
   this anger existed way before since about 2010 ? 
  well this angle of discussion got sidetracked so soon . 
  protip : it wo n't work ... 
  kos was a nice destination , a year ago . 
  how things have changed ... 
  it 's not just the social-democratic parties , here . 
  yes , but in the age of internet , social media etc. , more and more people are feeling appalled by these attempts at manipulation , while reality stares them into the face . 
  and this is what more and more people in germany are coming to realize , and what many politicians have not yet understood . 
  we do n't want them to give out parols ala `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  we do n't want them to `` soothe our fears '' . 
  we want them to explain themselves , their plans and policies to us , the electorate . 
  please refrain from ad-hominem attacks . 
  thanks . 
  well , that escalated quickly ^ ^, 
  i guess german politicians are already rehearsing their speeches here , telling us with a sonorous/placating/soothing voice , how the situation is `` improving '' because there are less refugees coming . 
  what they will conveniently omit is that , should the numbers really go down , it 'll only be because austria , hungary , kroatia , the czech and slovenia closed down the balkan route . 
  something they all fought teeth and claws against . 
  mark my words . 
  this is the sad state of politics here . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  there will be a point when we either will have to adapt some version of the australian model , or else the eu will break apart . 
  meanwhile , merkel will go down in history as the chancellor who burnt by far the most `` political capital '' germany had in the last 60 years ( at least within the eu ) . 
  here 's an interesting take ( from another angle ) on this topic from the satiric show `` die anstalt '' ( german ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_c2-yg5spu, 
  interesting that the article does only mention percentages , but no total numbers . 
  oh , and we can not see for ourselves , because that report from the bka is classified as confidential . 
  i wonder why that is ? 
  yeah , it sure seems to be . 
  too bad for all those homeless people ( which berlin does n't have a shortage of ) -- well , nobody cares about them , they 're just homeless people ( and a majority of them youths ) , i suppose . 
  i have my fingers itching to write that words `` rather than '' , but by now , i do n't even bother anymore . 
  germany has become a candy shop ... / s, 
  no , that 's something completely different ... 
  surprise surprise ... 
  nice precedent . 
  tfw 25 % of your elected parliament is stripped of immunity , and now pretty much any member of the turkish parliament can at any time be stripped of their immunity . 
  come and see ...
