   that would 100 % work . 
  in making mali a failed state taken over by islamists . 
  the french army is one the the things keeping the mali government from falling to and al quiada/isis insurrection . 
  completely cutting them off wont help the situation . 
  it 's not , they specifically left the eu . 
  problem is uninhabited greek islands are that way because they are small and/or lack a source of water . 
  it would require quite some infrastructure just to keep the people there alive . 
   how the hell do you want to make 100 % that 's an unreasonable request . 
  we send people to jail with less proof then 100 % . 
  think of the views, 
  define you . 
  beside that the us gets criticism because a lot of the world believes it can and generally does better . 
  it 's misstep like you said and you can be convinced to not do it again because it 's not something you want to be associated with . 
  you came to be in a position of power and moral authority and thus you get the criticism that comes with it . 
  compare that to to russia and that people are generally happy that they at least do n't literally kill people on the streets ( and they sometime do ) . 
  the us and russia are mayor and the gang lord respectively in our global village and you are surprised that the us gets criticized when it does bad thing while others are not . 
  may want 's to leave it because it forbids the constant surveillance she has been proposing for years now . 
  one when germany is still divided, 
   ethnic cleansing has a meaning yes it does and it 's not what you said and it 's specifically not the dictionary definition ( checked oxford and m-w ) . 
  it may involve killing but usually it 's mainly forced removal by deportations of threats of violence . 
  moderation actually keeps the reaction going not stops it , the fast neutrons are unlikely to to produce fission . 
   poland probably would n't willingly give up the kresy to any independent states - they were considered to be rightfully polish territory , after all . 
  any multi-ethinic state based on on the 1772 borders would be something completely different then what poland became in the 20 's . 
  the nationalists where actually against taking more land to the east since it was a threat to national unity with poles in minority or even no the at all , no resources and little economy, 
   neither the poles nor the whites would allow it to exist ( let alone germans ) . 
  bnrs claims to the west where a bit aggressive but beside grodno and wilno there would be no conflict ( with poland ) and poland would have preferred an independent belarus on it 's border rather then one that was part the ussr . 
   idk if the userbase got worse over the years or mods dont moderate as wellas they used to the world has polarized much more in the last 2 years . 
  both internally ( for the eu ) with the rise the alt right and externally ( for the eu ) with ukraine . 
  the immigration crisis did not calm anyone , neither did brexit . 
  people are very much thrown out of their comfort zone and expect stuff to get worse . 
  it 's no wonder they are lashing out . 
  that being said they talking filthy stuff unfit for a self described civilized human , they are bad and should feel bad . 
  a presidential constitution, 
  some people always joked that during the midnight mass in poland all you needed was to light a match for the church to explode because of all the alcoholic breath . 
  well they seem to have been trying to provoke someone into indiscriminate bombing and war crimes while eradicating isis . 
  they did n't manege it with the us , the eu and even russia is only doing as much as at it needs . 
  they might have found now someone not afraid to take up the challenge . 
  and since it 's gon na be another muslim state the rest of the world might look the other way . 
   albania 's come close . 
  not really an expert but a quick read does not really give me that impression . 
  got any sources on albania 89-92 ? 
   in any event , all the communists states made a mistake by liberalising politically before reforming their economies to a market system . 
  that was the idea the polish communists had . 
  in poland economic changes started in 88 and the liberalization going slowly over a few years . 
  there may have been choice up to 1980 when the main demands where economic but by the time the soviet union was falling the option to gone and the communist leaders had too think hard do they want be like ceau\u0219escu or allow for immediate political liberalization, 
  well it did die down , us mostly got out of iraq and afghanistan and only continued the fight with air power . 
  while the the fundamentalists are still fighting , the us is not engaging directly . 
  look at that man building that bridge , beautiful . 
  and communist paramilitaries, 
   if the opposition will stay united then they will have to bridge so many differences that they can hardly govern the two parties that hold the same support combined ( or even larger ) as pis are po and . n ( called by pis supporters po bis ) and are center right and center-liberal . 
  they roughly represent the conservative and liberal division in the electorate that voted for po before . 
  the only real difference they have is who should be the leader :d .  as long as the people of poland think that pis is acceptable , they will not be governed by a liberal social democracy . 
  well that is sure , we are both not ready socially nor rich enough to be a liberal social democracy . 
  that will take still some time . 
  and a lot of people do n't find pis acceptable so i think a liberal democracy will come back at the next elections  there is very little other nations , not even the eu should do about that . 
  yeah , it 's gon na be worse before it 's gon na be better and nobody to blame but ourselves . 
   it would be a lot better if the polish people united . 
  heh , that would be bucking the global trend this year :d, 
   as soon as the people decided they wanted illiberal cleptocrats , they did n't campaign on kleptocracy :d though they did campaign on the illiberal part . 
  but neither views have a majority poland , though it appears to have a plurality . 
  without the eu influence they might have been in majority today instead . 
  that is why opposition now is in the processes of consolidation because they lost by being divided . 
  he could not remove them completely but they are in a precarious position and need to be very united to stand up to him . 
  was basing it on this https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/etnoregionai.png, 
   i think almost all economist would agree that gradual improvements would had been much better today slower , at least in some sectors probably . 
  they ( we ) where doing better even before then ( debt was falling and gdp was rising since 1990 ) . 
  partly because we allowed foreign investment . 
  the help we got was in exchange for allowing foreign investment and buyouts , russia did n't want that . 
  rome did n't invent roads i just built a lot of them . 
  the ease of use of the infrastructure ( google provides much more then search just most of it is hidden from you as the user ) make a lot of online business possible that where not possible before . 
  most of them are used to lower barriers of entry for other activities or removing middleman . 
   hey do not provide the same kind of employment the purpose of enterprise is not to provide employment . 
  i checked ukraine also had agreements with the eu ( ec ) since 93 . 
  you can probably blame all sides for the lack of further engagement with kiev and even smaller talks with russia and belarus . 
  i do n't think china is at all comparable to any of the former communist states in europe , by scale , by culture , by existing system in the 90 's . 
  i have to say they where quite brave , each time the guy backed up he could run them over and they still got close each time . 
  also i have to say there are zero fucks given by the people they just step a few steps to the side instead of running away . 
   as far as i know poland external debt never exceed 80 % . 
  ~ 78 % as far as i can find in 1990 . 
   west had a window of opportunity in russia , but didn '' t used it . 
  i do n't know if it was possible to change russia in the beginning of 90-s , but nobody ever tried as far as i can tell the people advising just did n't understand enough to make it work . 
  they tried what started to work elsewhere . 
  i once read a interview with a russian ( well soviet then ) economist ( grigorij javlinski ) in warsaw that was observing what was happening in poland in 90 and writing economic reports . 
  he said that he described what as happening and how it would be almost impossible when tried in the ussr and how he was understandably very disappointed when they went ahead with all of it and all his prediction came true . 
  the mistakes where allowing people to abuse it . 
  but in the we still came out as a success story . 
  there where many alternative scenarios that could end up worse off . 
   are you implying that poland has some 140 billion debt in 1989 dollars , and this was the best thing that ever could happen to her ? 
  the alternative was being even worse of . 
   it is an other world , man it is , i wrote in another comment that some of the larger ussr states ( belarus , ukraine and russia ) lacked a core around which to build the opposition against the the former state agents . 
  that 's why the baltics succeed . 
  but it 's hard to blame the geopolitical and demographic makeup of the ussr on the west . 
  that is a big if . 
  is n't it about what happened in south east europe ? 
  was it perfect no , did anybody do better ? 
  maybe the czechs a little but not by a lot . 
   shock therapy and paris club that nobody today bother to remember . 
  best thing to happen to poland in the 90 's ( beside maybe joining nato ) . 
  some aspects could 've been done better ( like gradual dissolution of collective farms instead of liquidation and generally less corruption ) but beside that it was a great success . 
  other former communist all had shock therapy .
