  beside the size of them makes them a different logistics challenge . 
  you barely need to supply even one division there ( based on the falklands as the largest engagement of this type ) the main difficulty is the range . 
  compare it several hundreds of thousand soldier the us supplies overseas . 
  two airmobile brigades that can get to the baltics in 6 hours would work just the same for protecting all those territories . 
   this is exactly why i oppose an eu army , you people only live for yourself . 
   an eu army , if there ever was to be one , should solely be based on western europe . 
  nice , here have a pretty [ dutch high horse ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/38/92/48/389248829f7eb57eb1926c172c5b1079.jpg ), 
  the 1/3 that 's left of europe is russia , ukraine and belarus and i do n't think it is the place of the eu army to protect them . 
  ukraine should get some significant support though but not in the form of a defense treaty . 
  the eu force does need to only cover 2/3 of europe in operational capabilities while the us has global power projection . 
  poland did n't get to choose the us . 
  still bitter . 
   another german company whose history mysteriously started after 1945 basf existed 60 years before ig farben, 
  the whole lv has technologies that are strategically important . 
  starting from the independent access to space . 
  high performance avionics and materials are another . 
  an laser gyroscope for a lv works just the some for a cruise missile or ballistic missile . 
  you can develop those things strictly for the military but that not only is unpopular in europe it 's also very expensive . 
  beside the company was making the slbms when ariane 4 was flying ( and solid boosters for the it though smaller ones ) . 
  til the end of the cold war the manufacturer did not need to worry about lack of work in the military . 
  it 's only since it 's end that keeping expertise needed to support capabilities became a problem . 
  everybody faced it with different solutions . 
  russia just funds their rockets directly paying a huge markup vs gdp , france subsidizes arianspace to keep the solid production going , and in america the manufacturer of the motors spends it 's time since they built the minuteman and trident , building the shuttle srb 's and soon sls srb 's , after that ( late 2020s the us dod will have to think hard how best and cheapest to keep that capability ) . 
  china and india also use their space programs to test and expand their military capability . 
  even japan built the m-v and now epsilon to have the ability to quickly build ballistic missiles if they ever need them . 
  ariane 5 solid boosters , ariane 6 solid boosters , and the vega 1st solid stage is based on the french slbm and built by the same company . 
  the strategic reason to use them is slbms need replacement every 15-20 years and you do n't want to build a company from the ground up each time you want to do that . 
  solid rocket motor of all kinds are used by the military and having the know how to build them is of vital importance . 
  that 's one of the reasons why thoikol ( now orbitalatk ) will get contracts from the us as long as they retains the crucial knowledge how to build motor for trident and the minuteman missiles . 
  he already has some traction in swedish elections, 
  fuck yeah no communism . 
  you block the communication channel of the people involved . 
  after the day has passed and everything is done they do n't care . 
  that 's how it works in the east , no strong feelings one way or the other . 
  should n't it be \u0420\u0430\u0448 \u0431e !, 
  not really popular here ( peda\u0142 would be used ) though i think i read somewhere it 's more in style in the east . 
  that would be still 20 % cheaper then ukraine 's price . 
  usually it is mothers being sex workers or about their orifices so i think i had that covered, 
  but what 's the problem with the current laws ? 
  there are almost none legal weapons used in crimes , so any more restriction will no help if anything what is lacking is enforcement of the current ones . 
  well i ca n't dispute that . 
  but that 's out of contest of online insults or general insults . 
  yeah i tried reading it as the cyrilic x but that did n't really fit in cxtirsto cxerez ucxijte, 
  that `` cx '' for `` cz '' 0_o this one is more south slavic and for me in poland harder to understand ( though i know a bit of serbo-croatian ), 
  like as a general insult ? 
  never really seen that to the levels seen in english where everything is `` gaaaay '' . 
  slavic cursing mostly concentrates on sex workers , orifices and genitals regardless of gender or sexual orientation . 
  poland would also be happy to pay eu prices, 
  i do n't know looks like the moroccans and nigerians have it closer . 
  they are funded by their trust but it seams they need more of an endowment to keep up . 
  actually for example the washing powders ( and other home cleaning supplies ) are already produced in poland , reckitt benckiser has their biggest and most efficient factory in poland . 
  the problem is that since they have a very efficient system in poland now so any competition ( internal or external ) has a hard time to justify investment to to come into the market for marginal gains . 
  not mentioning that the brands and their contents are almost interchangeable and the real fight goes on in the marketing departments . 
  the facts are quite scarce and do n't really add up from what i 've seen . 
  the song is even older since it was written during napoleonic wars by polish legions fighting with napoleon in italy against austria and later the rest of occupants . 
  i was camping once and one of the girls i did n't was going around with a plate offering cake , she came to me and one of my friends almost screams `` do n't offer any cake to him , he will take it '' o_o, 
  even if the copyright holder withdrew all the licenses and forbidden publishing then the reproduction as part of news article should be covered by fair use . 
  hmm i read the uk factsheet on fair use and photographs seam to be explicitly taken out of fair use for news reporting https://www.copyrightservice.co.uk/copyright/p27_work_of_others, 
  maybe tic-tac-toe . 
  or maybe a match of [ robot jox ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102800/ ), 
  well victoria was n't queen of just northern ireland . 
  it 's the english empire not the rump united kingdom of has been . 
   this picture is forbidden in the u.k. , copyright withdrawn , may not be publicised , how does that even work ? 
  5 in 25 years is not really frequent . 
  but the 2 proposals ( with 3 questions each ) in the last 2 years both proposed as a way together votes before the election are really infuriating . 
   of course it 's not an opinion poll . 
  a non binding advisory referendum with poor questions that are answered because of other reasons is even worse . 
  a poll is at least useful instead of being done one a self selected group . 
  a referendum like that is just a tool for political fighting . 
   did they know full well in advance that they had 0 % chance of success ? 
  there was no referendum , what was proposed was a law change ( you need 100k citizens to propose a law to the parliament ) with hope that they could get majority in the parliament . 
  my point was that you can easily get a similar level of support for proposals of measures that are widely unpopular so the threshold is too low . 
  in poland you need 500k ( which is proportionally less then in ne ) to propose a referendum but the parliament needs to ok it and it has a 50 % turnout threshold to be binding . 
  so far we had 5 : * 2x question about the rules of privatization of state property during the transformation from communism to capitalism * implementation of a new democratic constitution written from scratch . 
  * joining the european union * one as stupid one brought for by political maneuvering . 
  the questions were about single mandate constituencies ( a question worth a referendum but with weak support in poland ) and two added-on questions about financing of political parties and and the general rule of decision making in tax cases ( in favor of the tax payer ) . 
  the last one had a whooping 7.8 turnout , of course it got 80-95 % support for changes it was proposing . 
  it was a wasted 72 m pln ( 15m $ ) . 
  another proposal was to have one asking about lowering the retirement age ( might as well ask about lowering taxes but that is fortunately forbidden by the constitution ) , when to send children to primary education and functioning of the state forestry company . 
  unfortunately our politicians saw that referendums are a great way for whipping up support so they will probably try to use them again, 
  and you just wasted a couple of million euro . 
  this limit is too small and the 30 % limit is too small again . 
  referendums are a tool for legitimizing large changes in the state of the nation not expensive opinion polls . 
  maybe `` your proposition has value . '', 
  maybe that should be a question on the next dutch referendum . 
   it has a hefty requirement of requiring 300.000 signatures . 
  that 's not hefty at all . 
  in poland ( which has about 2x the population ) the project to make abortion more illegal got 450k and it was opposed by 85 % of people ( about half of them content with the current situation and the rest wanting liberalization ) . 
  did n't you see the news about the multi million dollar heist of syrup from the strategic maple syrup reserve . 
  i do n't care if its winter or summer time as long as there are no changes . 
  you do n't get more sunlight with it . 
  the 7 h in the winter day wo n't stretch over the working day 8h how ever you try cut it . 
  gmt is astronomical time and depends on the speed of earths rotation , utc is atomic time adjusted to be within 0.9 s of ut1 , ut1 is the successor to gmt in that it gives mean solar time at longitude 0 just now based off of observation of quasars , tai is the same atomic time as utc but without leap seconds putting it currently utc +36 s. 
  if you do n't need sub second accuracy gmt is either equal utc or ut1 . 
  gmt does not have a scientific definition with high accuracy anymore since it got supplanted by ut1 . 
  edit one more accuracy, 
  for the ones tested the problem was cost , it 's plain old expensive , maybe when oil is 300 a barrel they would make sense . 
  beside i thought it was mainly new zealand all other places are some local municipal laws that nobody care about . 
  ca n't find anything about other places forbidding nuclear power or nuclear weapons in a binding way ( estonia might be one but i do n't think anybody even tried to get a nuclear powered vessel there since the fall of ussr ) . 
   they do actually .
