  the only sanction targeting common persons are the russian ones on the eu . 
  the us and eu ones actually target the elites , mostly by financial sanctions on large companies and individuals from the kremlin , arms , oil drilling equipment . 
  the only way to really test it is send them hacks about putin and see if they publish it . 
  russian intelligence might just be their biggest source of leaks without any direct relation . 
   fat monk , drinking wine while surrounded by gold . 
   reformation it 's reformation when you win the war , otherwise it 's heresy :d, 
   and that to you is germany ? 
  not but it 's not austria either . 
  while i do n't dispute russias involvement . 
  you 'd be surprised how little you need to hijack gsm communications and send messages . 
  there have been presentations youtube doing that on a laptop 4 years ago and the state of the art has moved on . 
   this was n't a perfect solution , as it lead to the two deadliest wars in human history the religious wars before where actually more destructive by percent of population . 
  thanks  you ca n't combine any of that in this fashion since parlamentum/concilium and populus have different genders well that settles it we need an european constitution and to replace the council with the senate, 
  different alde https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alliance_of_liberals_and_democrats_ ( romania ), 
  i 've seen some ( from the us ) claiming that you should join nafta, 
   in serbia ( at the time of his birth ) austrian empire ( at the time of his birth ) :d serbians claim him because he was serbian by ethnicity . 
   was not at the time  mozart was born in salzburg , capital of the archbishopric of salzburg , a former ecclesiastical principality in what is now austria , then part of the holy roman empire of the german nation, 
  the sicilies are shit economically , i do n't think taking them on will help greece, 
  e ( p ) pqe ( europarliamentus populus que europum ) or rather since the parliament is the people and the council is like our senate cpqe ( councilum populus que europum ) all surrounded by golden stars arranged into two crescents ps it 's pretty shitty latin someone correct me, 
   austrian composer is this bait for germans, 
  nothing really . 
  it has almost the same gun and engine as the leopard 2 so it 's not that far off performance wise , but the armor and ammo spec are secret . 
  a lot of the claimed characteristics and new technical systems ( the radar ) look really cool from a quick read . 
  how effective they are is a good question . 
  is the cover the whole message or is there a whole newspaper behind it that 's less loaded and emotional ? 
   anyone know if they are superior to abrams tanks ? 
  depends on which ones ( poland like the other guy said has a4s and a5s , germans have a mix of a6 and a7 with the main difference being a longer main gun offering increased firepower ) both the leopard and abrams derive from the mbt-70 project and are very similar in capability . 
   nazi era which while very traditionalist was also so rationalist and modernising i would rather say nazism was was romantism with industrial tools . 
  the white elephant technology projects , the personality and hero cults , soldiers as knights fighting the beasts ( both in racial-jews and state-communism form ) . 
  there is nothing rational about the purity of race , but it 's a romantic idea about going back to the pure past when the race was pure and traditional values ( the spirit ) made everyone better . 
  yes , but more salazar and franco then our friendly austrian . 
  except for the french vocabulary :d, 
   green politicians from the conservative side , is the conservative side the that does not want to abolish isdn ? 
  website hugged to death, 
  i find it funny how he switches to english all the time :d, 
  there are more agreements but not with more companies ( at least there do n't have to be ) a single company sells the show and a customer buys the show . 
  why one middle man should be able to forbid another middle man from delivering me content ? 
  that the companies can buy monopoly rights to a region ( thus locking out the ability for netflix to compete ) is a travesty of free trade . 
  steam used to decide when the sales happen but not if your stuff goes on sale and for how much , now they only decide if something is a featured sale on the frontpage and even that is mostly automated . 
   i thought they were more intelligent biggest regional publisher in central and eastern europe i 2c ( and their subsidiaries ) a russian company :d they are responsible for those decisions, 
   the prices on steam are the same everywhere . 
  not true , the prices can vary by region in steam . 
  look at steamdb for a comparison . 
   the low prices are those from local stores that include geoblocked steam keys . 
  what cheaper games in stores ? 
  maybe in russia and cis . 
  the only time a game is cheaper in a polish store is at release ( by maybe 10 % ) and during promotion ( which are usually worse then the steam or other store ones ) . 
  and the keys are not geoblocked ( except cenega/2c but they also sell full price just region locked , fuck them ) . 
  i pretty sure that most eu members already pay eu prices regardless of purchasing power . 
  tha locking is there usually because 2c is the publisher there . 
  when our local subsidiary of 2c ( cenega ) is the publisher of the game in poland then we are locked to the polish + czech version . 
  i was even worse before when they sold the game in stores in boxes where it would activate on steam but it was a different version then the one available on steam ( including incompatibility with dlc which you also needed to buy in boxes ) . 
  also you could n't buy the game or the dlcs in the steam store . 
  90 % of that fuckery as far as i know is 2c . 
  btw the first one you linked should mean you get russian prices for that game or at least buy a russian key and activate it normally . 
   but i do n't understand the politicans ' motivation . 
  thy politicians that did this where the ones that were ( and still are ) corrupt . 
  their motivations was they did n't want to go to jail . 
  well we had a language reform just not one aimed at distinguishing from the russians ( like lithuanians had removing any foreign word ) since polish survived quite strong . 
  the language reform was aimed mostly at orthography and making it consistent across all of poland and removing superficial letters ( x was removed and replaced with ks which was more common ), 
  the one with bacteria in it, 
  obama did n't really fuck up anything in europe ( and from the neighborhood libya was us and syria is a group effort ), 
  look again the darker red part is harder to see . 
   this is a nightmare though . 
  the president basically spent all his day running from one institution to another to stay this disaster . 
  i remember some people where saying that he does n't do anything . 
  looks like he just needed something sensible to do . 
  easy : szeszios \u017c\u0105sys su szesziais \u017c\u0105sycziais sounds a bit like : w czasie suszy szosa sucha uses the same `` sz '' - '' \u0161 '' `` s '' `` cz '' - '' \u010d '' after each other to make it hard, 
   vytis literally means `` to chase '' in lithuanian . 
  yeah the polish and belarussian versions are just a translation of the lithuanian name . 
  i meant that a polish guy using a belarusian word ( well spelling pahonia vs polish pogo\u0144 ) to describe a lithuanian coat of arms is convoluted . 
   the pogon you use is a loanword 100 % the word is just comes from a common slavic root ( goni\u0107 - to chase , gonitwa - race , pogania\u0107 - to rush someone , goniec - messenger ), 
  unfortunately not . 
  it 's just the name of the heraldic symbol ( pogo\u0144 means `` the chase '' in polish ) . 
  we do n't go on calling the polish coat of arms the orze\u0142 when talking in english :d . though i get it that while using the localized version might as well use vytis, 
  a motto for the most obnoxious superhero, 
  it 's also a false friend in polish . 
   the group , the consortium maybe the trade federation ? 
  and the western european social democracy model was forged to placate the socialist sentiment . 
  i do n't get it the uk never had a control free zone with the rest of europe . 
  there are border controls on all entry points beside ireland . 
  the best part is that the ones that checked me when i was traveling ( luton a heathrow ) employed pakistanis and indians . 
  because it was the symbol of the bosniak forces during the war . 
  the other sides did n't feel like the flag of their enemy represents them . 
  well then you need some proper si education then , you can sit in class with the us with their short tons and teens of hundreds ( `` fifteen hundred '' who comes up with these things ) . 
  also sounds like a business opportunity :d . `` new car pay one 1 $ today an 1 t $ next year , it 's a great deal '', 
  i do play games just no with people that use such a travesty as using multiple k 's . 
  there are much better ways of helping people suffering from food shortages than moving them to the next continent . 
  famine does not fight back nor control terrain , you do n't need to escape from it to be safe . 
  being poor is not a cause for asylum . 
  since it 's gotten tedious for me switching languages i started to use the si prefixes instead they are shorter and unambiguous . 
  so g$ - giga dollars and t$ - tera dollars, 
  now sort that choreographically . 
  did n't the states spend also money from their own budgets . 
  i assume they have other revenue streams beside federal subsidies . 
  this is how it starts and next think you know you have fortress europe, 
  its almost like toporze\u0142, 
   a good option would be a non-interventionist , preferably technocratic government . 
  < standing applause   the best government we do n't do best , that would be too optimistic , all of them had problems . 
  the most important thing is that all of them agreed on was that nato + eu is the correct choice and mostly agreed to the direction of economic changes , the only discussion was how fast and how much ( or how little ) should be kept in state hands .
