  true that really proves the that one axis is too little to describe a political spectrum, 
  except poitiers they hate themselves :d, 
  looks like something proposed during the revolution along with calendars with 10 day weeks and divisible by 10 months, 
  when i first saw it a few years ago i read it as azs as in akademicki zwiazek sportowy ( academic sport association ) and was very confused that they have a site with political articles . 
  they are left wing on almost all economic points . 
   oblast  my eyes are screaming and i think nuclear war would be better i 'm concerned , get some sleep because you 're going all ussr on us . 
  there is a joke that pro-choice only cares about life since it 's born and pro-life only care till it 's born . 
   that polish internet law is pure rubbish and rules are very not clear heh that 's true , but that only means that anything concerning political statements can be interpreted as breaking the election silence as the usually the law is too broad and not too narrow . 
  similarly to the personal information law that classifies almost everything as personal information ( dane osobowe ) . 
  for example if you have a numbers notebook that you store your friends numbers and names that is a personal information store and you should probably get permission for storing that data . 
  you would probably win in court eventually if it ever went there but giodo can give you fine and then it 's up to you to prove you are innocent . 
  the only thing stopping the inspector from not persecuting you is his decision to only enforce gross violations not the fact that what you are doing is legal . 
  there are some ( more then just a crazy fringe ) people in poland that claim that every election has been falsified . 
  if we used electronic voting some of these people that are not exactly very familiar with computers would be very agitated . 
  beside that electronic voting can not be secure an anonymous at the same time and you have a single point of breach ( the electronic system ) to falsify the elections instead significant work that needs to happen to meaningfully falsify paper ballots . 
  the readership/viewership probably makes a lot of difference . 
  american radio with american audience no problem speaking for max kolonkos yt show while being in poland probably qualifies . 
  i love that one :d here have some something about czech paratroopers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4lyapo81y8, 
  they ca n't sue reddit/twitter in poland successfully but they sure as hell can sue the person making the comment if he is located in poland . 
  well there is a difference , hosting a cdn is adding resources so it would need a very broken netwerk to take away from the service of the end client so i do n't care , neither do i care if they want to add more capacity when peering and pay for that , what net neutrality is meant to forbid changing priority on links shared with other data streams . 
  if they want to do that i want the ability to cut my contract with them at fault cause they changed my service ( probably for the worse as i do n't really care for mentioned in most of this deals ) . 
  in poland mobile providers ( well all `` old telecom '' providers ) can only alter the service if it benefits the client . 
  if they remove something then the client can get out of the contract without paying any early termination fees . 
  i would be ok with something similar for the internet , plus some rules on disclosing the technical specifics of how the deal affects me as a client . 
  i do n't know if net neutrality is the right tool for the job in eu compared to the us , but i do remember my old intro to telecommunications professor saying `` the telecom companies first goal is earning money , only after that it thinks about delivering any data '' so i 'm a bit wary about any of their proposals :d . 
  could you maybe give some insight on what is classified as sedition here . 
  from a dictionary check it seams it should be more hate speech or enticing to violence . 
  am i on the right track sedition seems a loaded word ( well differently loaded then then what i think the original means ), 
  my point was that the competition is only ( mostly ) there because of that last mile regulation . 
  the government is already there and it helped . 
  as to the why a good reason in truth in advertising , right now they are selling `` access to the internet provided on a best effort basis '' . 
  when isp-content provider deals become a thing the service is `` access to the internet provided on a best effort basis * - except when a agreement with a third party that you did not know about or had any say in states otherwise , may change at any time '' . 
  if the isp wants to change the service they can always try renegotiating the contract . 
  but that is not really feasible and should not be allowed be done unilaterally . 
  does n't most of competition in the uk exist mostly because bt is forced to lease the last mile to any isp at a `` fair price '' . 
   ideological nuance is just not an option for many . 
  fixed that for you . 
  :d ps . 
  i 'm trying to be do a light heated one liner and it only got me depressed :( . 
   so effectively portugal can be ruled by a `` managing government '' who chooses that government ? 
  because up to that point everything seemed same as most parliamentary democracies where the prime minister rules . 
  usually if the president ca n't successfully nominate a prime minister in some time frame or number of tries ( in poland it 's 3 times the charm ) new elections are held . 
  i do n't know about pan-european but at least in poland it makes a great counter argument for everybody people saying `` what has the eu done for me ( lately :p ) '' when there are signs on every corner . 
  the broomsticks are unfortunately only certified for female operators and only on flights to specific places ( mountains and forests with black , dark , bald , gloomy etc. 
  in the name ), 
  yep robin hood was a rogue the sheriff of nottingham was a `` szuja '', 
  ok that might be true , transylvania stands a bit to the side from the rest of ro . 
  just like maramures is probably ee as fuck , still need to visit it to be sure but the photos look a lot like south east poland, 
  `` heer 4 u '' this is worse than unterloaden :(, 
   romania can not balkan wiki says that part of romania lies in the balkans . 
  i would interpret that part to be the minds . 
  i love the balkans generally and romania particularly ( even if you refuse to own your balkan heritage :p ), 
  south eastern europe maybe balkans will balkan, 
  you estonians are truly cold blooded . 
  nobody in poland thought about swimming to some other country through the baltic . 
  we developed a big sailing culture though :d, 
  normally i drink beer and vodka but i do love some nice dry red . 
  but i rather choose something from the new world , maybe if into i 'm into something more sweet a georgian or bulgarian semi-dry . 
  that might be why i do n't really care about terroir , that 's too specific to make meaningful for me . 
  i much prefer to know the kind of grapes that went into it . 
  yes was thrown out out of office in a early election one year before :d but what is the real answer to the effect of the crisis in poland lies not with the government ( the 05 ' pis one or the later po one ) but with the financial sector . 
  polish banks were either not sophisticated enough or not trusting enough to take part in the derivative market . 
  that 's why poland did not take part in the growth boom that happened in neighboring countries 05 ' -08 ' but also did not take part in the dive that happened after . 
  here is a graph that shows it nicely . 
  and i was pointing out that wales is the only part not represented on the actual design, 
  i do n't see that becoming a problem unless they add the dragon to the flag . 
  music video is made from random stock footage it seems , not estonian scenery . 
  :p are you saying hong kong is not in estonia and you ca n't go surfing on the gulf of finland ? 
  i might have to reconsider my visit plans . 
  i actually rather like the colder light , i find more representative of daylight then the warm glow of the incandescent bulbs or sodium lamps in the streets , those are the ones that i associate with darkness . 
  summer midday light is not yellow . 
  i switched my desk lights to led cold color ( 6000k ) and i am very satisfied . 
  i also use the energy efficiency gain to get more light in , so now instead of a 60w bulb i had before i have a 75 w equivalent cfl ( 18w ) and two 3w ( ~ 30w ) leds for my desk . 
  there is something close in polish `` przekora '' `` to spite some just because '', 
  even the 27 % was no problem really you can manage without that with rationing but slovakia and the baltics are still in quite a lot of trouble, 
  main goal is collective eu bargaining for gas with russia so states that are almost 100 % ^ 1 dependent on the do n't get shafted each time the price comes to renegotiation and suffer political pressure each winter . 
  ^ 1 estonia 100 % finland 100 % latvia 100 % lithuania 100 % slovakia 98 % bulgaria 92 % czech republic 77.6 % from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia_in_the_european_energy_sector#natural_gas_deliveries also adding eu projects for extending the internal eu gas pipelines so that any problems with supply can be filled bye gas from the other side of the continent the same way more electricity link are built . 
  this seams to cover that idea http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/poland-calls-eu-energy-union-301303, 
  sometimes if feel like our political scene is a caricature of the us one . 
  i 'm pretty sure the question `` do you like morons '' might cut out 90 % of our politicians and all of the parties ( every body has a moron somewhere ) . 
  they can only check on what they declare in their program . 
  bulgarians , romanians , serbs , croats , greeks and macedonians will be thrilled to hear how they have been oppressing the ottomans from the inside . 
  the only source afaik is the letter from one pis mp to the prime minister . 
  the main commandant of the national fire department who supposedly is responsible denied any of this . 
   but why would they given the above ? 
  schengen does not mean no migration control just no internal checkpoints on the borders . 
  in anyplace inside the schengen area the border control of the country you are in and can ask for your documents . 
  so border guard would go on the trains with the conductor . 
  not everybody that enter the schengen area legally can move through all of it , for example poland has agreements with ukraine belarus and russia that citizens of these countries can visit the gminas ( smallest local goverment division ) that are next to the border without a schengen visa but they can not leave them even to the rest of poland . 
   virtually no humanitarian assistance is provided by the government for the thousands camped around the train station a train station is not place to house thousands of people , and the migrants refused going elsewhere where better conditions could be arranged . 
  edit fucked up the qoute, 
  that needs some more danziger stra\u00dfe and breslau stra\u00dfe :d, 
  yep fake polish-lithuanian is adding - as to everything , just like fake polish-german is adding - en and der to everything, 
  while i would say probably most of europe has equal opportunity for women in stem there is still a lot of social expectations that are not neutral . 
  equality in numbers is a silly goal but cutting down on preconceived notions would be good . 
  i find i happens more and more in my city . 
  5 years ago i was surprised when it happened but now it 's probably almost 1/3 of the cars that stop before crossings . 
  there ca n't be that many swedish tourists . 
  but it might be worse in other places . 
  there not only is nothing wrong with them , they are marvelous words,
