  when you normally speak a language that has to use `` r '' as a vowel you consider it soft :d from a polish perspective it also sounds softer . 
  and that goes also for people speaking polish with an eastern accent ( ukrainian , belorussian , russian ), 
  jozin z bazin is the best . 
  that video was very popular in poland and they were invited on tour . 
  it was also parodied a few times by some comedy groups . 
  and we will be grateful for everyone . 
  it just always feels a long way away ( much more for the baltics ) . 
  airforce maybe but not with any kind of logistical support . 
  it 's not the pilots and planes it 's all of the hundreds of trucks that need to be just behind them to keep them in the air and dropping those bombs ( especially the bombs ) . 
  not that i think they would n't try to do there best to come quick . 
  fortunately it 's not like the soviets are still in east germany ready to to go through the fulda gap . 
  the baltics are fucked though and i do n't see is any way to change that . 
  i always feel that it 's more lukashenko trying to stay the ruler of his own country and not just a governor of a federal republic . 
  but to be honest belarus is a white spot for me ( and probably even more for the rest of poles ) hard to read anything . 
  not really , since the 70 's the doctrine was to keep the hardware in europe and the people in the us with another set of hardware to train ( as it 's cheaper ) . 
  there 40k americans in germany now , during the cold war you could get another 300-400k ( ca . 
  20 division ) in 10 days to europe by just transporting the soldiers that would pickup their gear in west germany and another 20 divisions in a month that would have to ship everything over . 
  but the last time this was tried ( on 1 division ) was more 20 years ago . 
   the british east indian trade company was also not originally intended to establish a british raj . 
  but they did not have anything against it . 
  that they just had smaller goals at the start . 
  the british wanted more power and to expand they were n't pull into india unwilling . 
  while today people europe would be actively against . 
   but i must add that seeing how much antisemitism remains in eastern europe saddens me deeply yeah :(, 
   - poles , apparently only some poles, 
  onr is one of the organizers of the march . 
   some of us thought the same when previous government made exactly the same move . 
  then where you happy when the ct rejected the illegal part of that , or do you think the only solution to attempted thuggery is actual thuggery . 
   they only focusing on ct in my opinion ct is the only thing they 've that that is blatantly illegal . 
  the rest might be be argued as bad , unethical or stupid but not illegal . 
  they 've won their right to rule in a stupid way in the elections , they did n't win the right to break the law . 
  my fear is that after december with ct out of the way the breaking of the constitution will intensify and only then will people get what the conflict was about . 
   will it end constitutional crisis ? 
  i hope it does . 
  yes with the complete loss for rule of law against political thuggery . 
  that is the resolution most people wish for . 
  oh come on irag was a stupid idea the it still and in hindsight when you see it was also based on lies . 
  blaming the french for not helping you make the biggest foreign policy mistake in in the last 20 years is spiteful . 
  you may remember how nobody protested with afghanistan . 
  well both of those statements are false . 
  i you said that you would get the same response . 
   mila jovovica not mila jovovic o_o , she is the element of love, 
   most poles hope that after december when current ct president 's term will end this case will be ended . 
  citation needed, 
   warsaw and other big polish cities . 
  all the crazy people go to warsaw other cities have nice parades like you can see in the thread about gdansk . 
  that 's a long karneval , it 's gon na be 4 months this year, 
  poland actually has a problem because we have gender declination and some job titles do n't have a feminine form , and some do n't have a masculine form . 
  it 's much less crazy when look at it that way . 
  the amount of work put into it was about as much as was needed a press conference and a declaration of using some of the new forms . 
  i do n't recall there was anything happening about it since the 7 years ago when it was proposed mainly by the the women ministers who proffered it . 
  yeah culture is where it 's at . 
  i 've had a lot of fun with british tv series books and music over the years . 
  qi is one the only things i watch this year regularly . 
  bring back never mind the buzzcocks . 
  you mean like the current and past eufor deployments ? 
   fedoras nah , powdered wigs . 
   also worth noting that being religious does not preclude being part of the enlightenment . 
  true , thought some parts of being religious might . 
  the problem is that catholicism in poland is quite reactionary and conservative compared to other catholics in europe and lately even compared to the vatican . 
  it should but it wo n't . 
  at least not soon . 
  not only is the v4 much more diverse then the nordics , it would cut out the law changes made just so that some group can make some money , like changing the certificate systems etc. 
  it 's still a problem and i do n't see anybody willing to to tackle it . 
  i never really even thought about an international council as a solution to it though maybe we could even sell this to the v4 stronk crowd . 
  that 's actually quite great goal , i fully support same laws in the whole of the ~ ~ new swedish empire ~ ~ nordic council :d . 
  one would assume that two countries do n't need a council to talk together . 
   are you an outsider in to your country , or is there population more diverse than the ( infrequent ) news/country leader would make me believe ? 
  i am an bit of outsider in poland but poland is not such a catholiban some people think its is . 
  religion is much stronger then northern europe but only a little bit stronger then in southern europe . 
  it still riding high from the role the church had in the fight with communism but church attendance/christenings has been consistently if slowly falling since then . 
  there might be a slight uptick now with all the traditional national values being popular with some young people but so far it only slows down the trend not reverses it . 
  even the current ruling party is split between the hardcore catholic crazies that actually and the ones that just use religion as a tool to get power . 
  there is maybe 20 % really for the church 5-10 % against it and the rest falling somewhere between with the majority just doing what they always did not really thinking about it ( shown by it that with 95 % catholics only 30 % actually going to church ) . 
  i personally suspect that when the majority figures out most of the social pressure comes form a small minority ( and their parents ) and nobody gives a shit it 's going to collapse in about 10 years . 
   and sorry , but there 's no such thing as a `` common culture '' what about enlightenment , i consider it the basis of any european culture . 
  it 's not exclusive to europe and of course mixed with local traditions for flavor but it and it 's development 's dominate the value space of europe . 
  if you want 's diverse compare the european differences with those against east asia . 
  it 's not about forcing their way , more about disengaging for free . 
  their argument i think is a bit different then that . 
  it 's not that lithuania was not important then in the commonwealth because it was . 
  they argue that lithuania today had cut ties with a huge part what made up lithuania then . 
  thus making what is left ` just a province ' of the gdl . 
   not just another province in the commonwealth . 
  hmm in polish it 's always commonwealth of the two nations if you use the full name . 
  the fact that it was also yours is in the name . 
  how could the main part of the country be just a province . 
  that was both the nato and warsaw pacts solution in case the other attacked during the cold war, 
  it 's the best way to fight the demographic challenges most of europe faces . 
  automate everything :d . 
  the bias is best seen with inclusion of things like siege of york and banockburn which where strictly internal british matters in a `` europa '' song though i see why they did it . 
  this map has is doubtful . 
  i do n't remember a british invasion in poland . 
  we might have been at war technically sometime ( napolenic wars for sure , 30 years war , some fighting in romania in the 17th century ) but i do n't recall the actually being in poland . 
  similarly the baltics , slovakia etc. 
  russia is willing to restore relations with the us , they even offered to provide some lube and kneepads . 
  heh austerlitz , march on rome , stalingrad and leningrad were the only battles mentioned without the english taking direct part ( point du hoc was americans but the british where fighting not far from there ) . 
   will you tell them or should i ? 
  almost none of those ( only azores , bermuda , madera and saint pierre if i read it correctly ) are not protected by nato so i fail to see how the replacement of nato 's us capability in europe with a eu one has any bearing on them . 
  protecting the oversees territories of eu nations is worthwhile but the only real threat to them now could be the us .
