  look like this now http://czasnawnetrze.pl/i/dz04mdamad04mda=/a0f20656/22739-_dworzec_wroclaw_glowny.jpg but before that it had some `` character '' . 
  i watched captain america : civil war yesterday and the sequence in romania looked like they tried to reenact the 90 's or even the 80 's . 
  it does it 's spelled `` burdel '' though, 
  a bit surprising when the rural/city demographics are reversed now . 
  never under that name , i propose a two flavor union or two color union ( gold and blue ) . 
  left parties got actually 11 % but split between two parties in a way that neither passed the election threshold . 
  not mentioning that economic left have be completely cannibalized by pis who runs the most socialistic economic policy in poland since the fall co communism ( including the two times the post-communists ruled ) . 
  poland is in a unique category but not because it is so far right that you think . 
  in poland the diesel would from liquefied gas . 
  where do you think the electricity will come from . 
  when faced with the hard choice of latina hips or estonian supermodels , you have to ask yourself , porque no dos ? 
  one might argue this is the birth of the european nation with its own petty nationalism . 
  it 's clearly an us vs them situation . 
  it 's gon na be electric too . 
  sikorsky did n't offer battle tested black hawks since those are not made in polandm they offered s70i which are inferior to the current uh-60 version in almost every respect . 
  it was also offered without weapons to be acquired ( and integrated ) separately . 
  that only says they ca n't jump out of both doors at the same time ( yet ) , though helicopter refueling might be unsolvable . 
   c130j getting a existing solution till the one you want is ready is ok , not really anything out of the ordinary . 
  the c130 's also fill a bit different role with much smaller load and range . 
  just shows that putting all those requirements on the a400 that are served in the us by at multiple aircraft or at least multiple versions of one aircraft developed over decades and expecting everything working from the start was stupid . 
  funny there is nothing identifiable on the photo yet that was my first thought . 
  though when i was visiting there were more souvenir stands . 
  accounting for what they do is outsourcing on your definitions would be a lot of ( needless ) work . 
  beside that if you require to record this then you are going to check compliance , audit records , give out fines etc. 
  again a lot of useless work . 
  not mentioning a huge distortion of the free market with same services classified differently depending on the size of the client . 
   because a400m side doors ca n't be used by parachutists commandos what ? 
  https://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/picture-first-paratroops-jump-from-europe39s-a400m-349448/ it even has the special `` airbrake '' for jumping out of those doors http://u0v052dm9wl3gxo0y3lx0u44wz.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/a400m-paratroop-door.jpg, 
  this is gon na lead to byzantine levels off accounting and compliance that event the most deluded eurocrats in the eu never dreamed off . 
  well of the eurozone was put in advanced . 
  yeah it 's not that the locals are lazy it 's more that they enjoyed a restricted market before and liked it . 
  we generally tend to say competition is good for businesses and artificial barriers are bad but balk at it when applied to people . 
  it is really complicated . 
   is that the situation now in the u.k. ? 
  is the economy doing so well ? 
  depends i 'm no expert but it look like some places are at full employment while are others are already behind the better off parts of central/eastern europe and slowly being catched up to by the poorer parts . 
  i do n't think anything proposed till now will help with that inequality . 
  well it 's just it 's not only the businesses wanting cheap labor it 's their clients also . 
  yeah they import their food from places where it is cheaper . 
  hard to tell , there are no comparable items on the market and it itself was never sold . 
  lets try to analyze it . 
  consider the workmanship , what is the going rate for for few years work of a maiar wizard-smith ? 
  gandalf could n't have charged a lot if the shire villages could afford his services . 
  on the other hand radagast seemed to do things for free , we do n't have data on the blue wizards and saruman was running a wholly owned city state , it 's all over the place . 
  then we have to count facilities amortization , forges built into volcanoes ca n't come cheap . 
  this is small fortress city level of investment . 
  and finally we have the materials . 
  we can skip the gold and whatever else metals there where , chump change , but how much would you pay for part of the soul of the dark lord ? 
  nah internet tells me they drink kompot all the time too . 
  til where is it ? 
  the state of never existing is no comparable . 
  it 's comparing a hypothetical life to the absence of life . 
  there is not value judgement available ( especially from the pov of the non existing life ) . 
  are there jurisdictions in europe that would force a unwilling or unable parent instead of taking the child by whatever social services exist ? 
   which may be the state it 's not like the state decides one by one ? 
  the way it 's set up the state is always willing . 
  being not born you do n't exist so do n't feel the lack of life . 
  you ca n't compare that . 
   one can introduce a law that enables mothers to force suspected fathers to give out dna is n't this the case in most of the places already ? 
   if a child is born , however , the parents can not sign away the child 's rights to support of course they can , they can give it up for adoption . 
  but now they have to agree . 
  it does n't . 
  what makes you a diplomat is your sending country saying you are one and your host country agreeing . 
  there is of course the problem that in corrupted states you can buy that the sending part but you ca n't really buy the host countries acceptance . 
  the prolifers in the us actually assassinated some doctors and bombed clinics . 
   they 'd be messing directly with a foreign power . 
  would you be willing to risk your life and the life of your family on the fact how much sa does not want anger your government . 
  what would your country have to trade for your safety . 
  this system which uses a common prenegotiated minimum level of protection is much simpler and removes risks and uncertainty for almost everybody involved . 
  well that would not be the first silly move made by a state . 
   diplomatic immunity kind of loses its point in such circumstances , no ? 
  a bit but they also usually do n't commit crimes and if they do their countries work with you to solve it . 
  then you would only give diplomatic immunity to the worst offenders . 
   but if a diplomat commits a crime loud and clear , he or she should not be able to get away with it of course not , you usually ask the sending country to remove immunity they say they are sorry they sent an idiot and he is prosecuted . 
  if it 's a tinpot dictatorship you send him packing and apply pressure based on your influence over the country . 
  sometimes it does n't work . 
  you accept this kinds abuses on the system because this system lessens conflict on large scale . 
   why would it be impossible to send diplomats to saudi arabia if they did n't have immunity ? 
  because the saudi arabia is a piece of shit religious monarchy that does no respect the rule of law . 
  your diplomat can be held hostage by any middle tier persecutor with a grudge . 
  and that 's even beside the point that there are a lot of things illegal there that are everyday things in civilized countries . 
  because it 's the cost of being in communication with people you do n't like or do n't like you . 
  sending diplomats to places like aaudi arabia ( or the 2/3 of the world where corruption rules ) would be impossible and we ca n't build a wall and pretend they do n't exist . 
  the problem is there is only one . 
  the us has 11 because they need 3-4 on station at the same time , the rest are in repairs or resupplying . 
  if cdg is in repairs i hope your sortie can wait 3-6 month . 
  every building beside single family houses in poland , the same for sweden from what i 've seen . 
  well it 's good they are doing something . 
  so far europe is completely dependent on the us for large drones . 
  this looks like a global hawk replacement . 
   if mexico 's drug problems were all the fault of the u.s of course not all . 
  mexico was much worse off then canada and a corrupt state before . 
  there are blame values between none and all . 
  not mentioning that cocaine does not grow in canada and it can not be smuggled through canada unless you plan to take over the north pole . 
   you 'll see that cocaine use in the u.s. is nothing extraordinary : yet it is still the biggest single market for it . 
  the same economy of scale that makes us a great place to sell everything else makes it a great place to sell drugs , the high margins coming from the drug prohibition are are bonus . 
   the drug use would be insane . 
  drugs are smuggled because people want to buy them not the other way around . 
  how you manage that demand ( legal alternatives , education , treatment , social work ) is all on the us . 
  the cartels would not sell or even produce all those drugs without the us buying them .
