   be fully under germany 's control . 
  you sure ? 
  wiki says `` the permissive action link codes required for arming them remain under american control . '', 
  also the bombs shared are only tactical , it 's a far cry cry from nuclear deterrence . 
  to expand : jet the tokamak located in the uk https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_european_torus is the precursor to iter and theoretical models show that if it would be run using deuterium-tritium fusion at full power ( that produces one neutron per reaction and thus radiation ) instead of the deuterium-deuterium would generate more energy then it uses ( so q  1 ) . 
  they rarely do that since making your science experiment radioactive without a good reason is not really economical . 
  as a further note apparently since i 've last read up on it they upgraded it with some features of iter and will be testing d-t plasma in 2018 with the aim to reach q = 1 . 
  thanks ,, 
  you still have jet . 
  i you are willing to brake it ( make it radioactive ) you could run fusion in it at q  1 for the first time in the world . 
  the amount of anti science in the world now makes your joke very not funny without it . 
   isdn what was wrong with isdn ? 
  if there is no type iii civilization acting as the great filter we must become one :d, 
  i like how in this picture they start with the ring ( ribbon ? ), 
  of plasma and not generate it at the end . 
  especially if you count the shuttle as part of the system, 
  you could easily do streaming through a satellite link , you do n't need low latency for it . 
  high tech , nice . 
  what about the actual voting paper ballot , electronic or something mixed ? 
  wiki had nothing to say on the subject . 
   how is it served ? 
  like gefilte fish ? 
  multiple ways , fried , jellied and gefilte ( karp po \u017cydowsku in polish which means jewish carp ), 
  what do you do for a living ? 
  i 'm a carp assassin . 
  this is actually beautiful, 
  not an urban legend , happened till the 90 's since sourcing a carp right before christmas might be problematic and you wanted it fresh , now you can get one a day before reliably so you can bring it home and kill it right away or get one killed in the shop . 
  i really like the german efficiency , just like with / r/the _ shultz they are able two fight both sides without outside involvement, 
  we already have a civil war going on we do n't need more . 
  check out the flag of south tirol , you might be triggered, 
   is guaranteed and we joke that the us has no public services, 
   my cocaine your cocaine ? 
  yeah it was supposed to be habsburgs , ehhh :(, 
  spanish netherlands best netherlands , bring back habsburgs . 
  bulgaria has a land border that can be protected . 
  you do n't have a land border with schengen and there is now relocation program , they are not coming because you are in the eu but because you are on the way . 
  the goal of operation sophia is to work in conjunction with libyan authorities inside their waters and stop the smugglers there . 
  but the government of libya apparently only got a vote of confidence in this week ( wiki says december 2016 ) . 
  before that there were two in negotiations with each other . 
  did n't they stop after small border movement was stopped ? 
  the french ( victims ) guy is talking about moving on . 
   just our military ... well you are supporting france at least , but not actually fighting . 
  but i 'll give you that since idiots in germany call recon planes `` merkel 's war party '' so that 's best you can do . 
   that has more than 2-4 soldiers , btw . 
  there are more even counting only the germans without foreign background , https://www.google.pl/search?q=germans+in+isis&amp;num=20&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=vid, 
  only on cbos ( which is a suspicious outlier ) all the rest and the average have them falling slowly ( 4 pp since election ) http://ewybory.eu/sondaze/, 
  hmmmm that is quite a difference in language : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bajadera_ ( ciastko ) http://www.mojegotowanie.pl/media/cache/default_view/uploads/media/default/0001/55/98d2e1a563bacce9ea1b8eca1426e79f738f4fa4.jpeg, 
   this whole exchange program seems to be a fundamental differece in eastern europe . 
  i thought we were mostly out of it and it struck like never since 1990 's  i just hope that the people will learn that this nationalists crooks just want power and only serve themself and not the people in their countries , but the international trend says otherwise :-( . 
  so far that lesson is going slowly , but we still have 3 years to elections . 
  you are talking to a french guy . 
   bajadera please describe, 
  there are no germans fighting against isis as far as i know and i saw at least one isis propaganda movie with 2-4 germans speaking, 
  and how do you think we feel . 
   ing luxembourg card used on an ing machine in holland but those are two different banks ,, 
  what format are they ? 
  the description says number of pages ( 32 , 20 ) for the paper map is it about a0 a1 size ? 
  yeah but he 's done his thing , there is not going to be another brexit . 
  there is some promising research that theoretically can make sense with gmo algae . 
  it 's just sausage fried in a funny way . 
   why is our startup environment envied ? 
  large number of investors willing to risk money , large number of educated people that are willing to relocate , ease of setting up companies , existing infrastructure that caters to startups . 
   if the us protects all of our established businesses against new competition mostly the existing companies just buy out their competition outright when they get the whiff that they might be a threat . 
  sometimes they lobby the government , that lobbying is bad for competition in the us , enabling that lobbying to work around the world would be bad for competition everywhere . 
   how does the us pull off shit like silicon valley silicon valley has the length protection i wrote about , 20 years for patents . 
  even with that there are problems with overly broad software patents that stop competition . 
   how do hollywood studios operate at all ? 
  by producing mediocre , over marketed ( 50 % + of the budgets are for marketing ) movies and suing other content creators even when they are within their rights . 
  the reason for the existence of copyright is not extract the most value out of the work but to encourage creation of more works . 
  stopping creation of derivative works for 120 ( and supposed to be 140 in tpp/ttip ) unless you have a huge law department to defend your fair use does not encourage the creation of more works . 
   and the rights to the characters and story trademarks exist for that reason . 
   why would hbo pay him for it when they can wait a couple of years and just take it . 
  because they would have film as fast as he writes :d so the second season would be in 2 more years . 
  not mentioning that grrm involvement went beyond just giving his past work . 
   are we really worse off because there are n't 10,000 shitty harry potter book and show knockoffs . 
  we are not better because of it , and some might be good ( like this one , https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5782108/1/harry_potter_and_the_methods_of_rationality i 'd rather pay that author to write more then get anything from jk rowling )  all of this will enter public domain eventually anyway . 
  and the ttip and ttp proposals would make it 120 years from now ( 140 total ) . 
  but in 20 years disney will lobby to extend it again by 20 years like they did the last few times steamboat willie was supposed to go out of copyright . 
  yes and i 'm not alone . 
  here the article is about tpp but the provisions proposed from the us side where similar ( like they have been in most modern ftas ) https://www.eff.org/issues/tpps-copyright-trap, 
   game of thrones right now only the first book . 
  maybe he would fucking finish something again . 
  that 's what mark twain did when the copyright was 20 years long . 
  copyright is there to encourage the creation of new works not to forever generate money . 
  like any violation of free speech it needs a good reason to exist , harry potters fate does not constitute that . 
  look at how much culture was created thanks to the fact that most of lovecraft 's work is out of copyright . 
   could n't you avoid pirating us things the length of protection of copyright and the erosion of fair use is a problem because it stifles the creation of new works instead of encouraging them like the law is supposed to work . 
  there is no reason why the first image of mickey mouse should be more protected then any patent claim . 
  not mentioning that individual copyright infringement is mostly a service problem , just look at steam growth rates in traditional pirating nations ( russia , ukraine , brazil and china ) without any changes in enforcement . 
  and being worked to death was also not a concern with ttip . 
  the us companies in poland also have good opinion with workers , though they are mostly high tech companies . 
  i do n't think in the us intel has the same problems with worker rights as mcdonlads or walmart . 
  i also do n't think they try export us worker conditions to europe ( and when they do even part of it they fail like walmart ) . 
  generally ashcubef is just wrong . 
  at current length protection any proposition that locks that into place is wrong . 
  i would support enhancing enforcement if it meant that the length would be capped at more sensible levels like 20-30 years since publication . 
  not really the only semi sensible scheme is brazilian sugar cane to ethanol . 
  all other bio fuels are just subsidy to the farmers and not actually good for the environment since they use comparable amounts of fuel during production . 
  that especially includes all the gmo corn in the us . 
   +0.76 % is n't that twice what the ttip was supposed to bring ?
