well you do have two special letters that are combination of the soft mark , i 'm talking about `` li '' and `` ni '', 
  well there is this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diaeresis_%28diacritic%29, 
  there is a saying in poland since we joined nato , during the next world war germany will bye our allies and you guys lost the last two ... 
  we already did , probably the best buy we did for our navy since the 30 's :d . it actually makes most of our navy redundant , we do n't have vested interest overseas and the ability to sink anything entering our economic zone is just what we need from a defense standpoint . 
  edit `` nave '' ? 
  what was i thinking, 
  well it gets cold in the alps :d i 've met two chechs claiming they got on top of aconcagua in sneakers because weather was so nice . 
   nothing that sounds close to targovishte . 
  i would argue that targowica sounds close to that, 
  i just imagined someone snorting this whole http://blog.northerner.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/byron-white-snus-portions.jpg, 
   you can inhale it up your nose , i hope you mean unportioned snus, 
   there definitely was expectation that we 'll catch up to western europe in 5-10 years . 
  really that was naive , we closed a lot of the gap in the last 20 years but thinking that you can do it in less then 40 is wishful thinking, 
  their company name ( troika ) was russian that might have put you on that track . 
  that would be racist . 
  they 're peasant 's :d, 
  it was also made in california by americans so i do n't know what it has to do with anything, 
  i think that ( really unfortunately ) most people do n't really care about v4 either . 
  v4-1 has all right to feel betrayed . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ly3k0/disputed_eu_migrant_plan_voted_in_eu_ministers/cvadu37 here i said that as always here while most people do n't want the immigrants the do n't care very much about that . 
  but you are right next weeks polls will be telling . 
   b1 courses are not that hard to pass , 80 % seem to pass the b1 test but about 70 % of people taking it are from other slavic countries and that makes it waaaay easier . 
  a minimum wage job ? 
  good question , from what i gather ( ianal ) there is no more rules or laws it just the decision of the voievoda and an appeals process through the minister of the internal affairs . 
  seems it 's not designed for a lot of applicant 's . 
  but the most probable kind work they could get ( a fixed contract - umowa zlecenie , literally order contract ) might not qualify . 
  polish labor market is very rigid and taxes are high ( and social security and insurance ) so i do n't see them getting hired on normal a employment contract , a lot of young people are not . 
  while they decided to take more then 29 % want ( no more then 2k ) and we probably will take more then 65 % of poles would like as i do n't see this ending under 10k . 
  but only 30 % care enough to change their vote in the election . 
  source in polish http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/sondaz-w-sprawie-uchodzcow-kryzys-imigracyjny-bez-wplywu-wybory,579254.html beside from what i 'm reading today 's agreement beside not having mandatory quotas or an enforcement mechanisms has many loopholes ( cultural and security ) . 
  probably depending on who likes who people will just say that it was a victory or defeat and nobody will change their mind . 
  but all in all i think we should have stayed with the v4 on this , even if it was useless . 
   they wo n't learn polish and polish culture , fully assimilate and integrate into polish society in 2 years . 
  the they wo n't get the citizenship . 
  they need to pass polish b1 course to apply , all the paperwork is in polish and they need to show that they integrated into the society have a place to live and a job . 
  have you seen the polls ? 
  no there is no political party or group of parties that could form a government right now that represents the majority of people in poland . 
  we 've been more divided but only barely . 
  they will loose but we are in for a very unstable coalition . 
  the only governments ( since free elections started in 91 ' ) that got 50 % + of votes in the election where in 2001 sld+psl and po+psl in 2007 ( the hypothetical po+pis in 2005 would also pass ) . 
  hell he can get a rum and coke at a bar for that and will have some money left over, 
  1kg of what meat ? 
  18e seams a bit cheep for beef tenderloin but would be expensive for other cuts . 
  i assume you do n't eat any pork ( at least it 's not widely available ) so it other alternative would be only chicken and lamb . 
  this shoved as the first result in google video for `` guide to estonia '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1m-7_ghfd4 maybe should use that as an example and make your own . 
  his source is the same spin put on on a swedish report that was used in the us during the campaign last year . 
  http://swedenreport.org/2014/10/29/swedish-police-55-official-no-go-zones/ a better description is that there are 54 ( or 55 i do n't care enough to translate the swedish report ) neighborhoods controlled by gangs in sweden , and the gangs are mostly immigrants . 
  from what i understand about the situation kaczynskis statement was somewhere between misinterpretation and a outright lie . 
  it would be much better if he just said that swedes have a problem with immigrant gang violence in 54 ( 55 ) places which would be 100 % true but would not allude to the scary muslims . 
   kaczynski is a professor of law wrong brother , lech was a professor , jaroslaw just has a phd in law, 
  but they were pumping from the aegean and dumping it into the adriatic, 
  football hooligan, 
  and after 100-150 years of bloody religious wars for that mostly established freedom of religion and then and another 100 years of revolutionary wars that established freedom from religion and absolutist monarchs we beat down christianity into a place that it allowed itself to become the religion that has no problems coexisting in a modern society . 
   you wan na know the fastest fucking way to deal with the migrants ? 
  get an army , get in syria , murder isis , this will probably stop the civil war and stop some of the refugees ( at least they can all be put in a safe zone in syria instead of in europe like turkey was planning to do next to its border )  organize free elections . 
  because that worked so well the last two times we did it ( we - the west or even talking person to person just us and pl as we got on your boat to help as well as we could ) . 
  europe might probably win in lybia right now , there is no way to do it in syria if the russian s-300 rumors are true ( they are not there to protect assad from isis but from a us or eu intervention ) . 
  and even if eu could do it there is no chance we could do a nation building effort as big as the us did in iraq and afghanistan and both of them mostly failed . 
  what could work would be a 50 year occupation ( maybe 25 if there are no proxy conflicts going on but that seams unlikely now with the eu+us and russia relations going cold ) , but people did n't like europe as a colonial power and europe did n't like itself then and does n't want to come back to it . 
   a messianic complex , right in my christ of nations :d, 
  no this is just how train station ticket ladies work . 
  i have a ticket office on a intercity station closest to my house , i and the ticket lady both speak native polish yet i never have i gotten a correct ticket there always something was wrong with it . 
  fortunately they started to sell some tickets through the internet . 
  although i 've had no problems with tickets in bulgaria but it probably helped i was speaking broken bulgarian / polish/serbian and my friend broken bulgarian/polish/russian :p, 
  ok thanks for the explanation, 
  the double barreled one makes sense . 
  yeah but in what form does she keep her maiden name if she keeps it , in the `` child form '' or she changes it to the `` wife form '' ( or just the feminine ) . 
  i 'm very interested how you manage this system when dealing with situations that really did n't happen 50 years ago . 
  i for example would feel very strange calling my 30 + unmarried girl friends `` pannienka '' ( literally miss ) or `` nowak\u00f3wna '' and a lot of them would probably find it dismissive if i did . 
  btw as to the names in polish document 's they should probably by able to just change their name when needed for it to be according to their liking when it 's very much outside of normal way of doing things in the clerks office . 
  but right now the rules on changing names on demand are stupid in poland , for everybody . 
  well nowak is correct in all genders and what do they when they do n't get married young or do n't want to take the name of their husband ? 
  i just always found this traditions a bit anti equality only describing a woman by the name of the man to who she is bound . 
  well in polish nowak is traditionally used the same way as you described makausakas so nowak for the husband nowakowa for the wife and nowak\u00f3wna for the daughter but all of them would have nowak on their id 's . 
  nato was restructured in 2003 . 
  the commands that were were responsible for policing the atlantic ( and the american coast ) and the defense of europe on the iron curtain were changed to work on asymmetric threats . 
  the allied command transformation ( former allied command atlantic ) concentrated on fighting piracy , smuggling etc around the world instead of keeping the shipping lanes open between us and europe in case of war . 
  while allied command operations ( former allied command europe ) instead of preparing to fight in fulda gap took care of rapid response force to be deployed in anti terrorism operations . 
  nato closed conventional bases bases in europe , dropped budgets and decommissioned forces designed to fight soviets in europe . 
   poland or the baltics state are n't moscow 's political spheres of influence like ukraine or georgia , so there 's nothing to fear . 
  that looks a bit different when you personally remember the last trains that took russian troops out of your country . 
  looks great , but my first thought was : `` that film grain is terrible what year is this from 1991 ? '', 
  well there is one reason , bringing them too libya would require an invasion , something that 's not needed with cuba . 
  not that after the first attack there is a lot of high ground for europe to stand on . 
  at least when the us stupidly invaded someone ( iraq ) they tried to pickup the pieces . 
  the eu * ( part of it ) intervention in libya was a shit show from start to finish with everybody involved trying to forget it happened . 
  well the story takes place in the netherlands and the author was born in new amsterdam, 
  i think you now need to organize a reggae festival with that name . 
  no that 's the marine assault division , only in polish https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_%c5%81u%c5%bcycka_dywizja_desantowa during the cold war along with the guys in the red berets who are air assault ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/6_pomorska_dywizja_powietrznodesantowa ) they were supposed to take denmark from the sea and air . 
  well i might 've been pulling your leg . 
  on a more serious note the velvet revolution and respective changes of power in poland and hungary and bulgaria , less so in romania . 
  and while the french revolution was a bloody affair , the fall of absolutism and the divine right of kings is not really something that would come easy and peacefully . 
  industrial revolution agricultural revolution, 
  tez ci dalem plusa i also gave you a plus, 
  so you 're saying the flag of the netherlands incorrectly called holland in many languages represents holland ? 
  you are not making it easier . 
  but i 'm thinking of every poor soul that uses that machine every day . 
  also my curse has some a pretty fair redemption clause in my opinion . 
  ehhh they installed the same interfaced machine in gda\u0144sk in poland , i literally missed a train home as i could not buy a ticket from that piece of shit . 
  it only does prefix search so you have to write the gda\u0144sk part of the name wherever you go , half the stations on that line start with gda\u0144sk .
