  if you need to add some national flair you add a perfectly good national symbol like the flag beside it , and everybody does . 
  i 'm not opposed to putting some national symbol in the logo uksa is a great logo probably because it uses part of the union jack . 
  but doing it at the expense or even instead of other aspects of it is stupid . 
  have you looked at the logos of space agencies ? 
  none of the big have any national symbolism except the uk and canadian ones . 
  well i would say `` banda chuj\u00f3w '' which is literally band ( group ) of dicks, 
  you 're right i meant 12 legally elected and sworn in judges . 
  judges can not negotiate away rule of law , it 's not theirs to give away . 
  taking over the country with power plays is something budding autocrats do not something anyone does that pays more that lip service to law and justice . 
  no they could n't . 
  there are only 12 legally elected judges while that law requires 13 and the case would have be tried some time next year , after all the other cases currently in the pipeline have finished . 
  that law was was specifically set up to either make the tribunal use one of the illegal judges or to stop it from making any ruling at all . 
  other way around `` birch trees ca n't break plane wings '' we still have another plane exactly like the one that crashed so far nobody offered to fly through some trees to prove they 're right . 
  if they can swim to germany up the danube i think there should be citizenship waiting and draft papers into to the olympic team . 
  polish with some french capital , the hq is in cyprus and last time i submitted a support ticket some boris handled it . 
  a truly european company . 
  it 's the head of the robot that was supposed to crush the capitalists but they built only the outer shell . 
  from the archaeology fund, 
  well the federation was the federation of planets , earth was just a small part of it . 
  but b5 is great , i wish there was something more like it coming to sf . 
  thanks, 
  flower hat nannies ? 
  and malta, 
  you forgot the 30 years war . 
  maybe he always eats two . 
  the same way the firs words in a foreign language to learn are `` two beers please '' because why stop at one . 
  they did n't revise trianon . 
  mazowieckie is not really rich only warsaw is . 
  the rest of the voivodship is actually one of poorer regions in poland . 
  poland is over centralized with almost all of company hqs and public institutions located in the capital . 
  that list contains : * fathers blaming his daughters not listening to him on his `` witch '' maid ( probably a slave ) to save face * a few fortune tellers and faith healers ( like i said conman ) * few counts of someone covering up a murder by claiming that the victim bewitched them so it was self defence a lot of abuse of power and poor judicial process , no actual hunting of witches . 
  also all of those articles concentrate very much on the applied punishment and not on why that specific charge was raised and not something other like the favorite catch all crimes of blasphemy or sodomy . 
  probably because `` oppressive regime uses flimsy excuses to oppress and kill people '' gets less clicks then `` those fucking saudis believe in witches and kill people for that '' . 
  hmmm from my understanding `` whitchcraft '' is for conman like fortune tellers , spiritual healers bioenergotherapists . 
  the punishment is too harsh but the sentiment of punishing fraud like that is correct . 
   like polish '' \u0119 '' is close to `` en '' . 
  right ? 
  right, 
  that 's not true . 
  support for marriage equality is low at 30 % for marriage and 37 % for civil partnership and up to 60 % described it as undesired it has been legal for longer then in most of europe ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#legislation_by_country_or_territory ) and there is no movement to change it . 
  i would n't use parking lot , more the moon . 
  but the notion was that the part of france they saw was destroyed . 
  heh once my disposable income will be worthy of a northerner :d, 
  hmm i thought that was my point . 
  it would take a literal civil war to make it dangerous . 
  the shit hitting the fan needs a lot of bad stuff too happen first . 
  but any conceivable for me scenario probably would not stop me from going to greece ( it would be better as maybe there would less tourists :d ) however people do have some other criteria and even the constant protests that seem to happen every other day could be enough skip athens . 
  fear of discomfort on a vacation is a powerfull emotion . 
  most probably there wo n't be anything to worry about . 
  if all shit hits the fan i propose you have a backup plan to go north . 
  ochrid + montenegro + dubrovnik are not very far away so you can decide to go there last minute , from greece . 
  they are all worth seeing . 
  since even places at the bring of civil war like tunisia or egypt during the arab spring remained popular tourist destinations and people generally were satisfied there is nothing to worry about . 
   wasze     nasze that 's what i said :d ehhh you can 's satisfy you guys . 
  it 's not a / r/polandball comic , hands and legs are against rules , so are noses i think . 
  also it uses a brush that 's also against rules . 
  also france should not speak proper english only anglophone countries can speak proper english . 
  polandball is serious business there is no place for this shit there . 
  yeah what he said . 
  also let me say wilno wasze . 
  so we have german germans , italicized germans ( lombards ) and poles with historically significant german influence ( silesians ) . 
   that only works if a high enough portion of asylum seekers get approved that way , of course . 
  so it wo n't work . 
  though i thinks it should be done either way because a safe and legal way of getting asylum is the perquisite for dealing with the ones that are coming illegally . 
  rare earths are used for both also they need servicing and people tend to die when they fall from high places, 
  the renting part is because renting here ( i know poland but i suppose the rest is similar ) is very expensive . 
  when the rent start to be similar to your mortgage payment it makes sense to buy . 
  :( could n't resist . 
  i heard british expats everywhere , it 's hard to describe the horror . 
  if it came to the invasion of cyprus again or some greek island then yes it would be our common problem . 
  but before coming to that it is two allies that have a petty squabble between each other . 
  the ongoing conflicts about uninhabited islands and empty water pales in comparison with the conflict in ukraine . 
  i imagined a scene in the style of asterix and obelix with some mustached guy dressed in bulgarian traditional dress jumping out of a barrel and screaming `` bulgarians '' . 
   ee 's migration policies what migration policies ? 
  nobody wants to come here and nobody from here wants anybody to come is not a policy . 
  you are right in that we have to give them a capability to process them and then send them where they should go . 
  in most cases that place is not in europe . 
  and so far it looks like all of them will be shared not only the legitimate ones . 
  this plan ca n't work with out a deportation plan beside a relocation plan . 
   no sane `` modern '' politician would dare to cause any troubles to a such beneficial relationship you do n't follow politics here like at all , our current government won on a platform of fighting the german banks and media exploiting polish people . 
  everybody takes for granted the relationship we have with germany because they do n't really have any other options for cheap labor close to home . 
   greece on the other hand is the prodigal child , someone that some people on these countries think it does n't deserve sympathy nor help and we should be punished for the mistakes we did in the harshest way possible . 
  well the harshest way possible might be a overstatement but the sentient is true . 
  seeing greece offered with the all the opportunity including the eu and being in the winning ( and more economically sound ) side of the cold war and then waste all that for 30 years does lead you to believe that greece deserves some hard earned tough times . 
   propose every kind of humiliating measures in order to keep the immigrants in greece , including talks with the fyr of macedonia i think nobody want 's them in greece , especially not cee . 
  the first choice is always we ( cee ) do n't take them and you ( rest of ue ) also do n't take them . 
   even suggesting that we should allow their ships inside our naval space , even thought they 're aware that turkey violates and disputes our borders in every possible way they can your conflict with turkey does n't interest us much and both of you are irredentist dicks as far as anybody else is concerned . 
  turkey might be bigger dicks but that 's just because they canm if the relation ( size wise ) was reversed i have no doubt that greeks would be the bigger dicks . 
  we live in exiting times , i would n't make any bets . 
  greece is thrown out of eu and nato , macedonia is let in since there is no more opposition to the name . 
  this was all a master stroke from the macedonian negotiators . 
  that 's well and good for poland but russians with belarusians have a training exercise each two years concentrated on closing the poland-lithuania border to isolate the baltics . 
  reforger landing sites and depots seem far away when looking from riga and tallinn . 
  i think the nato planers see that , that 's why there are were so many american columns moving through poland during the last few years . 
  they are making sure the routes they would like to take are ok for larger equipment . 
  size , language , friendly government , shared border . 
  what 's the difference now ? 
  lent and carnival came early this year . 
  it can be as much 24 day later . 
  on being their political enemy ?
