  the ice is mostly not on the southern tip :d also this only works if it gets warmer and the gulf stream still works . 
  otherwise it 's gon na be really cold both in greenland and in norway . 
  well i believe that will be effect if he succeeds . 
  i do n't think they actually want that , they might be to blinded by hate , not caring about that outcome or just too stupid to realize it . 
  your plc comparison is very apt , he 's the traditionalist magnate that pushes forward his own party 's values and economic power not noticing he weakens the state as a whole . 
  a reactionary traditionalist uprising of poles against western values ( french revolutionary and enlightenment values at the time ) was the last nail in the coffin of the plc. 
  the members of the targowica confederation thought that they are protecting the golden freedom , while in truth they where played by catherine the great and instead of only sacrificing the poor eastern part of the country they lost all of it . 
  yet they scream that the opposition is the targowica when it appeals to european institutions to help stop their dismantling of the state . 
  the irony is huge . 
  again very much in line with kaczynski 's plan . 
  but it would give them personally more power that 's why they proposed it . 
   arable dead gravel right next to the polar circle is not what i would call arable, 
  they have never won the hearts of most of the voters . 
  though they won the election ( 37.5 % ) . 
  they have the continued support of their voters based on what you said ( about 34 % ) . 
  oh i know , gdansk has a xvii c. sluice build by imported dutch hydro engineers that was built precisely to flood everything east of the city for 20 + km to make that side impossible to attack . 
   is there any eu initiative started by kaczinsky or his party ? 
  flexible solidarity , more power to the council . 
  a better question is what are good eu initiatives started by them :d  edit : what are kaczinsky 's idea for the eu border problem ? 
  italy and greece ca n't do it alone . 
  also an anwser to / u/zombiepiratefrspace they do n't have any and do n't care , actually solving the problem is against their domestic policy since they loose a tool threaten the polish public with . 
  they will build dykes around their enemies pump water inside and drown them nobody will suspect thing , it will be a surprise attack . 
   ll you say sounds nice , especially if hungary and poland become less euroskeptic , but ... 
  the people of poland are actually at the top of euro-enthusiasm ( latest polls i heard 60 % are for more integration and even more are satisfied with the current level ) , the only thing that has little support is the euro since it 's been plagued by financial crisis for 10 years . 
  once the euro zone successfully reforms i would expect that also to rise . 
  the government on the other hand does not see the eu as a tool that would allow them to further their domestic goals ( and sometimes is a hindrance ) so they mostly ignore it , though they are careful to never say anything openly that would even imply they want to leave out of fear of public backlash . 
  hungary might be another problem since they seam to have genuine euroscepticism . 
  but orban on the other hand is a much more skillful player on the international stage and knows how to work with the eu . 
  but if his dislike for romania is real then it will probably be a deal breaker . 
   we can not say this `` romania ! = gypsies '' because it 's more complicated than that . 
  the problem is the common man in poland actually thinks the vast majority of romanians are gypsies since the only romanians they ever came into contact with are the gypsies that came in 1990s . 
  this is so bad that the most common word to use for gypsies in poland is `` rumun '' which just means romanian . 
  it 's a travesty . 
  what you need to do is show all the non gypsy romanians . 
  this has the unfortunate effect that it 's hard to sell foreign policy successes with romania to the general public . 
  the only rule is that you need to make yourself be heard . 
  baltics stand together , france and germany agree on some policies ( and are just strong actors by themselves ) , nordics stand together so does benelux , v4 stands next to each other at least . 
  you need to do that too , there are regional interests that are not the priority of others outside of it . 
  they might be sensible things to do and everybody outside will agree to them but you ca n't expect them to bring those issues to the table . 
  romania has a huge problem that it 's natural partner bulgaria is doing worse on all fronts and is standing outside of agreements ( like the nato black sea fleet ) . 
  the next partner available is v4 , romania would be a great addition since it would allow for more balance in the group instead of poland dominating it ( a thus making everybody afraid of further integration inside it ) . 
  but the v4 is barely working right now so there is little hope for sensible cooperation with it in the near future . 
  the benelux idea might be just wishful thinking . 
  what i think romania can do that will help if you want to cooperate with v4 : * romania has a huge image problem in poland but also i think in czechia and slovakia , you basically need a promotional campaign `` romania ! = gypsies '' to get the public on your side . 
  it 's sad , it 's unfair but it is true . 
  this should be followed by a a mini erasmus program to make sure it sticks , cost of life are similar so there should be not that much problems . 
  * continued military cooperation , the coming deployment of romanian troops in poland is great and should be more promoted i have n't seen anything about it here on tv . 
  the polish governments ( this and previous ) have been talking about more cooperation with romania but it goes really slow . 
  easy unity points since everybody ( maybe except hungary ) is concerned about russia . 
  * there is probably something to do economically but since we already are all in the single market i do n't know where to start . 
  there also it the problem that both pis and as far i can tell from here psd are exclusively concerned about domestic policies and keeping power at home that means they have little energy for strengthening international ties, 
  well if you want to work with regional blocks then it 's natural . 
  romania-bulgaria cooperation looks very weak from here ( maybe i 'm wrong ) and so romania is left alone . 
  i expect when ( if ) v4 is able to work together there will be a v4 +1 or v4 +2 formula later . 
  you sound very optimistic . 
  i 'm slowly loosing the hope that enough poles understand how the rule of law benefits them in the long run . 
  most seem very jaded and only see this as power struggles . 
  it 's not as bad as what i 've see describing russia but it is still a problem . 
  one might argue that the only time poles lived in a working state based or rule of law is during the partitions in the prussian and austrian parts and even then it was marred by the state being the enemy and occupier . 
  i 've think there was a huge misstep that there was not huge emphasis put on civics in 1990s that would drone in the importance of the rule of law to the success of a country so that at least the next generation would not be fucked up in the head . 
  and now we have cynical bastards that use it as their road to power . 
  romania great ally . 
  after that you can start the prequels :d, 
  no you can actually defend physical property yourself . 
  you can deny it . 
  you might not be good at it and lose but still . 
  you can easily see which one is natural from the fact that people owned property since the beginning of humanity while intellectual property is a xix c. concept . 
  i usually cut them through the middle when they are still hot so they cool enough to not burn my mouth . 
  if they are not very hot i ~ ~ occupy ~ ~ devour whole . 
   how is pis taking this exactly ? 
  german candidate , he will bring refugees that will kill us , we chose to die on this hill like our forefathers and the plan was very effective . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's a monopoly on the use of concepts , ideas and words ( and images etc. ), 
  granted on the basis that it serves the common good . 
  there is nothing natural about that monopoly and it 's only granted and enforced on the basis of that common good it brings ( limiting confusion and outright fraud in case of trademarks or promoting creation of more works in cases of copyrights ) . 
  if a company fails to bring that common good then they do n't deserve that monopoly . 
  that 's why if you do n't protect your trademark you loose it ( since it no longer prevents confusion ) . 
  bullshit they only own the brand at the will of the people ( like any other intellectual property ) . 
  the only reason it 's theirs is to avoid confusion , if they are willingly using consumer confusion as a selling tactic then they do n't deserve protections offered by intellectual property laws and everybody should be able to sell `` sprite '' . 
  nobody is saying that they shoudl not sell that stuff . 
  just that they should label it as the `` value '' product it . 
  i get most of my stuff from discount markets and i know it 's mostly worse then other products , but it 's labeled so it 's my free market choice . 
  while purposely misleading consumers with same branding for different products is at best unethical . 
   so which one do you call sprite ? 
  they can choose which one to call just sprite they just have to use the same recipe ( mostly ) everywhere were they use that name  sprite is the name of their product . 
  they can label a piece of wood as sprite and sell it like that because they own that name so they can do whatever they want with it . 
  they are borderline lying in advertising . 
  2 points are probably very influential : black death and surviving it , the death toll in western europe lead to the rise of value of labor and eventually to mercantilism . 
  and the swedish deluge which made it so weak that when finally poland was beginning to adapt it was already too late and it was devoured whole . 
  apple was not fined , fines are punitive . 
  they were just ordered to pay back tax ( or actually irish government was ordered to require payment ), 
  probably should have used national colors instead of flag . 
   i knew that it was blue , it 's reddit i do n't trust anybody to recognize colors , even myself . 
  this is blue ( well dark blue ) , this was actually one of the candidates for the polish flag in xviii c. with the colors crimson , navy blue , and white , also any two in combination . 
  only white and red gained popularity in the xix c. and finally was adopted as the flag in 1919 . 
   the romans designated the morning aspect of venus as lucifer , literally `` light-bringer '' they where on point also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venus#pentagram_of_venus, 
  i really dig the design for that , well beside starting from a basketball . 
  i ca n't read jarmani without a jamaican accent . 
  not being able to squat just means you are western compared to the ussr . 
  i thinks it started growing again since it started to look like hard as balls brexit became the preferred option by westminster .
