  well the fucking joke were already there for cameron i wander what did boris fuck . 
  well that description was harsh , but even a lot of remainers have problems with eu going forward so more integration is impossible with the uk in eu like it is today . 
  i think that the best choice will be the 2 phase eu ( lets call them blue and gold for the flag colors and removing the bad connotations with in/out or first/second ) with the escs in the blue one going all federal over each other and the rest including the uk in the gold one going at it slowly and getting into the federal union when they are ready and willing . 
  at least some good news :d, 
   what obligations do you speak of free movement and abiding by eu regulations regarding to trade . 
   but it is this quasi government that no one directly votes or elects that creates policies in realms that it has no right to do that impact nations . 
  your representatives in the eu are your pm and ministers in the council and your meps that are directly elected . 
  the way the president of the commission chosen needs a lot of work but it was the result of direct democratic elections to the eu parliament , as junker was the candidate of the largest party in ep . 
  maybe the time has come to try again this time with a incentive . 
  you have years of success with you to show as an example . 
  maybe with some bribing ( lowered austerity for the south ) you will see better success . 
   ( mostly germans , italians , french ... ) someone annoyed at those pesky germans , french and italians coming to `` take their jobs '' ( or whatever they do ) made my day . 
  i want to see them succeed with their plans every time they try something new , but it is bit more entertaining when they crash . 
  i watched it later . 
  i only watch live launches for spacex because i want to see it land ( crash ) live . 
  for ariane 5 i expect `` alumage vulcain alumage eap decupage '' and a flawless flight . 
  wait so you need to vote nexit in parliament and then ask people in the country `` are you sure about this ? '', 
  they kind of already did http://www.euronews.com/2016/06/24/bank-of-england-and-ecb-take-measures-to-reassure-markets/ which is a sensible thing to do . 
  seams like that carney guy was the only one not asleep at the wheel . 
  of course motherland produce gift by nature , no real true socialist can eat fruits of oppression of south americans ( viva la revolution ) like kakao or kawa so we make better with glorious technology . 
   direct democracy is for the birds . 
  only women get to vote in the next referendum ? 
  well any future integration has to have a mixed system of votes to accommodate population differences . 
  there is a mechanism now for it ( the council - one country ~ ~ one vote ) the us has one with the senate and most of european countries have different kind of electoral system for their upper chamber of parliament precisely because of it . 
  iirc the banana classes in the directive were based on preexisting british law, 
  after the meal, 
  you 'll say they 're immigrants from outside of the eu and send them to turkey . 
  i hope the news in the uk raises awareness of their pay . 
   including the uk uk has always had a opt-out of the refugee quotas . 
  because of the nhs they can go to more then one, 
   concentration aid you mean amphetamines . 
  the history of that place is one dick move after another https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#1918-19, 
  the drastic change in industry in the 90 's and huge investment form the eu that changed if not the structure of power consumption then a lot of it 's technology . 
  gdp to energy jumped from bellow world average to maybe the top 1/5 . 
  1990 - 2011 is just a really bad time frame to compare this ( well anything ) for our region an try to get some general results . 
  gdp and co2 emission are linearly tied since gdp is tied to energy use . 
  with varying scales based on the composition of the economy and energy mix ( france has a very low coefficient thanks to nuclear energy ) . 
  the variables that make up the coefficient unfortunately take a lot of time and effort to change and it 's already quite good in the developed world . 
  in the part were you define which countries you are going to conquer together and then you do it a week later, 
   molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
   these people are adults , living under a free press , they could know what they were voting for , the did , this government represents what a plurality of the polish people wants . 
   i do n't think these voters were stupid , i think they are alien to me and what i associate with good government . 
  because good government is alien to them , not by choice but by never seeing it . 
  i consider the direct contact stable democratic institutions one of the main benefits of joining the eu by poland . 
  and it 's working especially in the larger cities , the attitudes about following rules ( weather it 's rule of law as a whole or just not walking on the grass ) . 
  putting a stop to that now will guarantee that instead of an ally germany , and by extension the eu ( v2 ) gets a disgruntled neighbor . 
  i 'd ok with the eu doing more but i do n't think anything short of economic collapse will change anything . 
   i never said we should kick the poles out of nato , i doubt anyone is talking about doing that pushing out of eu is moving poland into russian sphere of economic influence . 
   if someone is going to be on the russian border , i would rather have it be the polish than some nation closer to mine . 
  sensible , i 'd rather it be the ukrainians but it seams it 's going to be us for quite some time . 
  i remembered it having spires and a dome , i do n't know why . 
  i looked like it should have a dome hidden somewhere . 
  also it 's huuuuge . 
  palaca of culture is quite big ( about 4 apartment blocks ) but yours is something else . 
  hmmmm the polish flag is turned anti clockwise when flown portrait as that retains the heraldic order of colors . 
   non-populated how many people is non-populated ? 
  also / r/combatfootage had this movie and now i know that it is not wp but a special russian mix of thermite , thermite with explosives and thermite with jellied petroleum https://rogueadventurer.com/2012/11/27/update-cluster-munitions-in-syria-zab-2-5-incendiary-submunitions/ so no problem with wp legality . 
  i starter reading the documents till i saw a relocation scheme that mentioned 20000 people across the whole of eu . 
  and i checked the dated 13.05.2015 . 
  this is a bit of old news , though the movie with juncker still has only french subtitles . 
  no kaiser means no konig . 
   these voters are a void if they could n't see through some marketing . 
  you have a mighty high horse . 
  i ca n't really argue that we got the government we deserve . 
  but you simplify the reasons why that happened and why it still has support to poles are idiots and let them fuck of to russia 's sphere of influence where they belong . 
  your not wrong just and asshole . 
  unfortunately your other comments in this thread reek of well grounded realism so i 'm going to sit in a corner and cry about my future authoritarian state . 
  neither pis or fidesz won their elections over refuges . 
  not everything is about the refugees . 
  they were elected on economic populism and social conservatism ( by a small plurality only in both cases , not some overwhelming majority ) . 
  that they elected probably means there is something wrong with the electorate , but that is naivety and 20 years of economic and social transformations that far outpaced civic education . 
  i do n't know about fidesz but pis had a really well put together campaign . 
  it was mostly lies and half truths ( with most of the controversial ideas and people hidden ) but prepared very competently . 
  they mostly copied the american political branding of republicans along with the social manipulation . 
  like fox et . 
  they started tv an radio stations , magazines and internet newspapers that present their distorted vision of reality . 
  hell they almost convinced me that this time they are going to be different , still shit but moderated by reality . 
  as it happens the long time on the sidelines has just made them vicious and they jumped straight for the jugular of everybody that slighted them in the last 10-25 years . 
  and now they are like orban preparing to hold power when they loose the plurality that elected them because the polish budget ca n't handle the the handouts for long . 
  meanwhile since they won all of the democratic institutions and retain still 40 % acceptance thanks to welfare they gave the only thing left to do is wait till the next election ( 3 years ) or wait till they do something that warrants going out to the streets and start throwing stones since they clearly do n't care about peaceful protests of the other 60 % that did n't elect them . 
  it 's all in the targeting , using wp against people to kill them is illegal , using it to burn the whole city ( with or without people in it ) is . 
  you ca n't destroy infrastructure and materiel with poison while wp is double use . 
  and you probably get better results , the rain sometimes stops ( offer not available in the british isles ), 
  poland took a small sliver of contested land that czechoslovakia took by force when poland was fighting bolsheviks . 
  still a shitty thing to do . 
  but poland was advocating for a preventive war since hitler took power but france and england did n't listen . 
  well poland already had 2 nuclear arsenals with soviet weapons and pilots that were trained in using them during the cold war . 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bro%c5%84_masowego_ra%c5%bcenia_w_polsce unfortunately the corresponding article in english is shit, 
  our defense minister proposed moving the nuclear sharing program form germany to poland in the first week he was in office . 
  it is but autonomous . 
  it left the eu about 1 year after denmark joined . 
  because of fish iirc . 
  actually we do n't share a border anymore . 
  it 's mostly historical ties from the 17 century reinforced by not fighting each other ( out of our will ) from then while we fought all our other neighbors . 
  yeah i saw the ads ( there was a soldier one also ) . 
  that is some us level of scaremongering . 
  suspected as much, 
  hmmm til than it 's sad that it was not an option, 
  i agree that pr is probably the best of the easy to understand systems , but maybe av would be step in the right direction and i do n't see a proposal for pr gaining track in the uk . 
  you had a referendum for av in 2011 but you voted against it .
