  oj got away with murder do other murder cases have to be comparable ? 
  for what it 's worth i believe the gm guys responsible for the coverup should be tried for multiple manslaughter and vw just for deliberate health endangerment . 
   first of all , death penalty is disgusting and should not exist period . 
  you are right , lifetime of community service and forfeiture of wealth it is then . 
   second of all , the environment argument is so incredibly stupid and makes me angry beyond imagination . 
  it 's not an environment argument it 's direct contamination of air in cities that people use to breath . 
  this was n't a fucking accident , they were n't negligent in producing those cars . 
  they set up a conspiracy to release poison into the air in exchange for money ( selling more cars ) . 
  they even did it by tricking people that they were not polluting . 
  this is almost captain planet level of villainy . 
   if you really think that way why do n't you start by killing yourself why do n't i start with poisoning you so you die 5 years early you seem to be ok with that ( i 'd come clean to the police , what would that be 2 hours worth of that 5 year sentence ) ? 
  or is only ok when you do it to millions of people at once ? 
  i use certifications as part of my decision to buy stuff to minimize my impact . 
  i support and promote the ever increasing norms . 
  i convince other people to only consume what they need and not waste neither energy nor produced goods ( even if only for economic reasons ) . 
  you know what i do n't do ? 
  light a small fire in my ventilation shaft to poison my neighbors ever so slightly each day . 
   and as long as we use cars , we poison the environment yeah but we try to do better and increase the norms all the time . 
  they on the other hand got into a criminal conspiracy to side step them . 
  they did not do it by accident they willfully released more contamination as to gm stuff the people there deserve the same . 
  one past injustice does not explain another future injustice . 
  what do you think is a fair sentence for defrauding 11 mln people and poisoning millions more ? 
   if they have 5 years time to think about their mistakes i doubt they 'll do something similar again , and i think it is enough of a public example to discourage other managers to do the same . 
  no it wo n't , they wo n't loose their money they got out of crime , they will probably come back to their careers and the only thing they will do is be more careful to not get caught . 
  they did n't get caught up in a bad crowd , they actively conspired to commit crimes on a massive scale for years . 
  enough of a discouragement might be ( only might be ) if they lost all proceeds from all the years they committed crimes on top of any prison . 
  why do you thing cheating hundreds thousand people and threatening the health of millions that live around those cars deserves a lower sentence ? 
  well they deserve a life sentence, 
   up to 25 years ? 
  wtf , their lives would effectively be over and they were probably just following orders from the higher-ups ... orders are no defense for criminal behavior . 
  especially for executives . 
  if you get criminal orders then it is your duty not only to not enforce them you also need to got to the police . 
  besides i like how the chinese did it . 
  guy took bribes for not enforcing emissions standards , was responsible for lowering the lifespan of 500k people living in the area by 5 years . 
  they added the years divided by average lifespan and he got death penalty for causing that many deaths . 
  25 years is not a lot for causing health problems with millions of people ( people living where large number of vw where sold ), 
  i would personally send them to any country that is willing to prosecute , they are scum . 
  the ones that leave scientology do https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fair_game_ ( scientology ), 
  if islamists are down to terrorist attacks ( instead of holding power , or running large armed militias ) then yes it 's better . 
  we will see the next budget ( 2020-2027 ) and the end of the procedure . 
  and i think the is a dramatic recent change in policy . 
  at least it looks that way since the few thousand refugees that do n't wo n't to live here are not worth the guns brought to bare . 
  https://i.imgur.com/we7imhv.jpg author : evilsoully, 
  that 's the same conclusion i came to when i heard about the sanctions , they decided to get rid of us ( or at least push us till we leave ) . 
  in the last article of the brexit treaty we take their language from them . 
  ( indo ) europeans unite, 
  unisolated air conditioned buildings , urban planning that forces driving , clothes driers in sunny places , over consumption and waste . 
  all those things are choices and not geographical features of the north american continent . 
  and the sovereign states lost . 
   with a lower per capita than the us . 
   imagine how high it will be when they approach us per capita . 
  nobody should be at us per capita . 
  romanians are the real romans , lv just needs to rebrand as roman shoes instead of italian, 
   50 sovereign states ? 
  you had a war about that already . 
  for 5 times more people . 
  the refugees claim is bullshit but the 1 m is correct . 
   well , germany would need to collude in this , they already did , with ns2 russia can selectively cut off poland , ukraine , slovakia and hungary without touching germany . 
  the whole infrastructure is controlled by russia including opal going to the czech border ( they bought all the rights for the next 15 years ) . 
  so if anybody want 's to bring gas from the north to south outside of gazprom they are shit out of luck unless they build themselves another pipeline . 
  so much for competition . 
  germany is not only not searching for alternatives to russian gas they are actively searching to rely more on it . 
  it 's not about germany 's ability to fuck over the east it 's about russia 's . 
  the point is they are promoting it as a deal that strengthens the eu security but it actually only strengthens german security and lessens polish security . 
  it also acts counter to the supposed goal of the eu to help ukraine because it fucks them over big time . 
   but wants russia to cover half the cost of securing european energy supply against terrorism , it 's the eu that pays half the cost for russian controlled infrastructure . 
   this is what a small country like jordan managed to build . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that sending people there from europe would consider against human rights by a lot of people ( and judges ) . 
  we need something better . 
   its the reverse , jordan is 89k km2 and tunisia is 163k km2 . 
  yeah sorry i fucked up my tabs when checking . 
   jordan has millions of refugees for years now without political turmoil . 
  jordan had a armed uprising in the 70 organized by the palestinians , this lead to part of them being effectively interned in the refugee camps . 
  it also is a dictatorship , a very benevolent and enlightened dictatorship but still . 
  and after that hades, 
  i picture this being read in english with a russian accent in completely deadpan voice , the picture is depersaturated and everything is grey, 
   you can feed and house 10-15 of them in tunisia yeah once you build them some infrastructure i 'm including that . 
   just look at lebanon and jordan , literally millions of refugees there in much smaller countries . 
  they are the same population wise and jordan is twice as big area wise , but the main difference is that there is no outside power bringing those people in . 
   the migrants would not be able to grasp any political power in tunisia the problem is not them grasping power but them derailing the only secular democracy in north africa, 
   by simply giving them 10-20 billion euro 's , add one 0 and it might make sense , since you need to cover their costs too . 
  but this would probably collapse tunisia in social unrest . 
  i 'd rather stablise part of libya for the camps . 
  now try streaming over such a setup, 
  why tunisia ? 
  they are innocent here . 
  that 's even better then the fake cicero quote  `` times are bad . 
  children no longer obey their parents , and everyone is writing a book . '', 
  this does n't really happen that often ( the refusing trial for something serious ) so probably not, 
   slowly practiced between the free and democratic countries first , they do n't need to do it since they already remove immunity in such cases  lowly making its way into the lesser free and less democratic states , there is nothing in it for them so it wo n't happen  multiple cases of abuse of diplomatic immunity . 
  multiple cases of abuse yes , but the tickets are not even worth a discussion and serious cases that end with no penalty do n't happen often enough to require action . 
  there 200 countries , assuming one country keeps ties with about 50 others and 5 persons staff that 's 1 mln diplomats around the world , that would be 60 homicides yearly according to average rate . 
  how many are there going unpunished ? 
  do you have a longer list then https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic_immunity#offences_against_the_person if not this is a non issue . 
   in the case of diplomats i imagine that an internationally enforced and accepted set of limitations and rules over diplomatic immunity should exist , specifically for these cases . 
  that internationally accepted set is the vienna convention and is working . 
  civilized countries regularly waive immunity in serious cases in countries that have a working legal system . 
  countries that do n't should be punished collectively until they start . 
   a body of the un in charge of reviewing evidence put forth by the local authorities whom have put severe charges ( such as homicide ) and see if they are valid or if they are not , the immediate and safe deportation of that diplomat ( and adjacent family ) back to their home country . 
  you can put the un human right council on that i 'm sure chairman saudi arabia will give you a fair trail .
