  there is usasians but that is also confusing . 
  the spanish estado unadinios is great but does n't translate well . 
  the largest nato exercises in 30 years involved 30k soldiers , russia did multiple ones that size just to keep ukraine on edge . 
  the last big one ( 2013 or 2014 ) involved about 200k soldiers . 
  that 's almost twice as much as the largest nato exercise ever ( reforger 88 as far as i know ) . 
  yeah not anything as competitive as the americans have but there were competitions and a league , mostly for people that where good at it but not really interested in going into it professionally , just like azs . 
  there are highschool sports . 
  they are just not really popular and people do n't come to watch them . 
  source : my high school won a voivodship championship and i have a few friends that even qualified for international competitions . 
  though it depends on your school ( one of my pe teachers was big on volleyball so we had a volleyball team ) and most people if they practice competitive sport at that age do it in some some sports club rather then the school . 
  fuck man that 's both long and expensive, 
  depends , argentina and chile ale very western ( at least outside of the andes ) . 
  the rest are much more mixed with indigenous population contributing much more to what became today 's culture . 
  they form a separate group , though closer to `` western '' culture then to african or asian ones . 
  but just as stupid . 
  tw is a western rpg not because where it was made but because the mechanics of it . 
  there are multiple developers making jprg in the west and some from japan doing western rpgs . 
  there is no eastern rpg ( as in still european but not a wrpg ) , though there is a distinct flavor about games from poland , ukraine or russia . 
   chesco that looks spanish :p, 
   brings fika and nothing gets done, 
  ok so you have runoff elections , but so in the last round when there is only two candidates neither got the majority ? 
  18 c is about right when there is a choice . 
  colder then that and i need to put something over my t-shirt when i 'm sitting still . 
  hotter and i start feeling uncomfortable . 
  when asleep it could probably fall to 10 before i notice really but i do n't do any changes ( my heating is already off all year ) . 
  once when i still had old windows one opened during the night ( it was like -10 c and windy ) and slept through it till morning . 
  i woke up with my covers up to my nose and when i got a thermometer it was 4c in the room . 
  jealous , there is no climate for a company like that in europe ( not only because of high entry barriers but also lack of good places to launch , lack of existing infrastructure that can be bought from the government or reliable contracts from esa or eu governments like nasa or the nro gives . ) . 
  i hope that maybe some european companies get to compete in the asteroid mining business . 
  they can launch their stuff from the us on spacex , ula or blue origin launcher just building the spacecraft . 
  but i 'm not really that optimistic . 
  exited because those plans are awesome . 
  a bit afraid because a lot of the things they showed are bit radical in ways i 'm very unsure about . 
  not really caring about radiation exposure , lack of les , incoming conflict with planetary protection , some bad practices ( apparently they had a lot of stuff in lc-40 that was just laying on the pad , also [ speculation ] it seems that crs-7 investigation might have been to optimistic and they might have some sloppy installation procedures for copvs since that is a common problem point ) on one hand i want to start bombarding martian poles with comets on the other that would be the biggest ( potential ) ecosystem destruction in human history . 
  i think we need to learn much more about mars before we do anything rash if only to document what we are about to destroy . 
  esa does cool stuff but they could be funded more . 
  also i think they should change their funding model a bit , moving part of the money that is now allocated for national suppliers into pan european fixed cost contracts to allow some commercial start ups to form . 
  preferably if this was used for any unproven technology . 
  do n't you have runoff elections ? 
  how are you supposed to get a majority for one of 5 ( that 's how many were candidates there were right ? ), 
   purely bureaucratic decision . 
  the thing with languages is that they are defined by their users not by bureaucrats . 
  if you do n't like czechia do n't use it . 
  also i think the ethnonym did n't change so it 's czechia but czechs still , not czechians . 
  i find from the outside czech republic rather unwieldy compared to ^ cesko or czechy ( in polish ) so czechia as latinized version of the slavic short name is an improvement . 
  spain is very active in other student organizations too . 
  they send and receive a lot of people in different programs . 
  my quality engineering professor used to say that `` lack of quality is a type of quality '' it probably applies . 
  polish universities push you hard at the beginning so you get to know a lot of the basics . 
  unfortunately the end is a bit worse . 
  also polish universities are shit at getting science out of the lab so they do n't enjoy any benefits from breakthroughs when they get any . 
  fro tech for example doing a bachelors in poland and masters somewhere else would get the best of both worlds . 
   in big parts of europe , credit cards are not widly accepted i though it was mostly germany, 
  well are you a corporation to be the citizen of the city of london ? 
  most of the countries either had their own troubled times or there was war going on at the time , spanish civil war , first and second balkan war , civil war in turkey ( turkish war of independence ) , polish bolshevik war , invasion of ethiopia . 
  beside half of the countries in europe had problems with authoritarianism rising to power not only those who would later become the axis . 
  first one is dead horse beaten here regularly so i 'll just say poland is in central europe :d the second one is more interesting . 
  i think the wester is defined by enlightenment . 
  if you culturally have values that stem from that you western . 
  this western definition is very broad since it would encompass such places as the netherlands , argentina and maybe even singapore or hong-kong . 
  so there are more divisions needed , one of them almost fits with the traditional cold war west , another is post communist states in europe ( communism is as much a product western though as laissez-faire capitalism ) , argentina and chile are another together with probably someday south africa . 
   `` the asian steppe begins on the other side of the elbe river '' today i learned that united germany is an asian country . 
  edit also i like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo, 
  i thinke you meant to say there is european budweiser beer and american budweiser a drink that comes with beer like branding . 
  only if you do it while snickering and twirling your dastardly mustache . 
   compromised it already was a valid english word ,  unable to function optimally , especially with regard to immune response , owing to underlying disease , harmful environmental exposure , or the side effects of a course of treatment . 
  most of the time i 've read it in reference to it security or engineering integrity of some airtight container but i 've seen it like the definition states in regard to immune systems . 
  i think you meant some version `` compromitation '', 
  kumpel works in polish also , actually it is the more popular version but kum in aerbian means something more . 
  we have those stryj , wuj , ciotka , stryjna/stryjenka , wujna , and wuj respectively from your post . 
  rarely use now most people just use wuj and ciotka for everybody which is sad . 
  though i would import kum from serbian , we have it but it 's much less loaded ( just good friend ), 
  computer science . 
  5 $ for the one book i actually bought . 
  about 15 $ each semester for materials like course slides or pre prints of notes which for some subjects were only available in xeroxed form at the time . 
  i borrowed like 3 books but it was cumbersome so i just switched for stolen ( copyright infringed ) pdfs for the main books ( cormen , wirth , knuth ) and later when most of subjects went into stuff newer than 90 's online documentation and collectively edited course notes . 
  and '' kamo ? ', 
  only kids with speaking languages with declension will understand this !!!, 
  :d while gdzie is often also used in polish instead of dok\u0105d , you can actually use it correctly with `` gdzie idziesz '' but used meaning `` where are you walking ( right now in this moment ( you fucking imbecile you are not supposed to be walking in that place ) ) '' . 
  just switch to cz / \u0107 / ci/c and d\u017c / d\u017a / dzi/dz it makes it much easier . 
  my writing is also terrible and i switched at uni because teachers are more interested in grading your paper fast than cursive . 
  matura was the last long form writing i did in cursive . 
  yep , the answer to op is the root but we eat both, 
  it could be like ~ ~ `` dickload of tons '', 
  to polish ears swedish is very filthy with dicks everywhere with `` fjorton '' `` sjutton '' and `` hur \u00e4r det '' which sound like chuj-ton fiut-on and chuje-de respectively . 
  na\u0107 selera, 
   200 km/h counts as high speed , it does n't , usually it count 's 220 + but it still would be great to go to the baltics by rail from poland . 
  in poland bonaqua was table ( dechlorinated tap ) water but it did not sell well . 
  now they sell `` beskid drop '' which is a meh tier spring water . 
  and spain is in southern europe and norway is in northern europe it 's all in the alliteration . 
  well you missed w\u0105chock the most characteristic village from jokes about stupid people . 
  romania has been fastest for two years i think . 
  poland on the other hand is least affected by other countries so we kept growing through 2008 + . 
  look out the last king of poland and grand duke of lithuania was nicholas ii, 
  well it only really works for polish citizens . 
  for the scheme to work he would have to use the official polish transliteration from cyrillic instead of the english one then she she would get the gender specific surname . 
  but he would have to be a polish citizen to use the official minority transliteration since poland ca n't give him any documents out if he is not a citizen . 
  foreign names are treated the english way ( well germanic really ) of no transformation for foreign citizens . 
  you just say `` dwa piwa '' it works in every slavic language . 
  you get lion , you get lion , liege gets three , everybody gets a lion .
