  rzesz\u00f3w has one of the 2 non military aerospace programs at university the other being in warsaw . 
   how to stop people who go there and do n't spend money ? 
  like i said not as good a solution as i hoped . 
  for the people not spending money the can only stay one day . 
  another more complicated idea would be a congestion pricing for entry rising with the amount of tourists going in . 
  but that would mean checkpoints and infrastructure and other expensive things . 
   venice is the capital of veneto , well moving the regional administration out of cramped venice seem like a good idea whatever happens . 
   why should someone from that region pays so much for visit their own city ? 
  ask the venetians , it 's them who are asking for less people . 
  a person from veneto takes up as much space as any other person . 
  but my idea was mainly concentrated on making expensive staying there not entering . 
  both of those articles are about blood test results . 
  especially the one performed on the body of dead driver from the first story could not be a breathalyzer test . 
  add taxes till they stop coming . 
  it 's a punitive tax you raise it till it works . 
  if it has to 100 % or 200 % then be it . 
  it 'd probably end up with villages around venice getting hotels built and organizing day trips for people that pack all of their supplies in a backpack . 
  so it 's not as as easy as i hopped . 
  can be if you are a western wuss . 
  easy , tax everything inside . 
  it 's gon na get more expensive with the permits either way so you might as well do it directly . 
  just impress us with your smooth welsh vowels . 
  everybody will be to impressed to say anything . 
  but thats ' just the bastardization of acronym p ( przeciw ) lot ( nicza ) so it 's more like the german flak, 
  you can make any flat surface into a beach volleyball court with a 1 ( estimated ) ton of sand . 
  they make indoor dirtbike racing tracks on stadiums , beach volleyball seems comparatively easy . 
  there is nothing stopping a digital system displaying information in the same way beside poor interface design . 
  what the studies showed is that a lightwall ( or however you call the wall of alarm lights you have ) is a superior user interface to a list of alarms . 
  not that analog is superior to digital . 
  of course you can . 
  iter has walls already built and they are still designing the reactor itself . 
  it is a research facility though . 
  beside all reactors get overhauls and upgrades even while they are operating . 
  going in and putting 30 year old instrumentation would mean getting it from the museum , nobody produces that shit anymore so they had to redesign a lot of it by necessity . 
  well you just need to put load on the steam turbines , without generating any electricity . 
  but that 's probably 900 mw of mechanical power , not really easy to dump either . 
  well looking at the thread some people are supprised even after 12 years that this is happening o_0 . 
  so continue your mission of education . 
  and good hunting to the crews, 
  are we going to post a story about it every 6 months ( how long the deployments last ) . 
  it 's been happening routinely twice a year for the last 12 years . 
  at some point it stopped being news . 
  it 's the 7th time you are doing it since 10 years ago . 
   maybe it 's down to the idea that british citizens ca n't be trusted with drugs i think they think that british people can not be trusted with anything more then a dull spoon . 
  hiroshima would be a theater nuke , tactical are ones like this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w48 72 t tnt so about 1.5 % of hiroshima or this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w54 or one of the other of numerous sub kiloton nuclear warheads . 
  their use was phased out mostly because you can use precision guided bombs for most of their targets ( hardened positions ) in way that brings less risk of nuclear retaliation . 
   eu is block export to russia that is thousands time more profitable . 
  gdp wise : russian = poland + romania + hungary + czechia + slovakia + croatia the rest of new eu is another 1/4 russia export wise : intereu trade with those mentioned countries is about 340 b $ ( for 5 most important sectors given in that table ) compared to trade with russian 370 b $ before sanction and 250 b $ after . 
  so 2.5 more trade with just part of the new compared to the loss of trade with russia due to sanctions sources : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/russia/ http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/intra-eu_trade_of_the_most_traded_goods, 
  western europe benefits from a expanded market , expanded market share in the world , less inefficiencies coming from expanding the single market , large worker pool ( especially for skilled workers ) . 
  it also used the freedom of capital to invest and buy out competition or really any large company in expectation of large future growth that materialized . 
  a lot of those funds returned to western europe companies as payment for services which where not offered in the east but required bu eu regulations . 
  now drink over some past glory and bad talk russians . 
  i especially like poltava, 
  i looked like the imf was much more determined with asap while the rest eu was more for protecting domestic interests . 
  good for everybody, 
  did they stop getting money from putin and are angry ? 
  well that military part was never part of cyprus the country ( just the island ) while northern cyprus was . 
  wait finland in and romania out ? 
  serbia probably has problems with nato but they are butthurt as hell . 
   this is simply to be as accurate as possible . 
  diets containing a food group that contains most of the micro-elements are easier to construct then ones needing specific sometimes not available locally produce . 
   did you know that the us centers for disease control and prevention recommends that all women between ages 15 and 45 take a folic acid supplement ? 
  no but i 've hear about it from other sources . 
  did n't care much since i 'm not a woman . 
  as far i know i do n't have any specific dietary needs . 
  i do eat some multivitamins in the winter since i have less access to good fresh produce . 
  i do . 
  i remember protest in egypt ~ ~ and syria ~ ~ that simmered down later but where expected to heat up on any next shock . 
  and they did . 
   appropriately planned  supplementation of b12 is recommended . 
   still meet nutrient requirements if energy needs are met and the appropriate number and variety of serves from the five food groups are eaten throughout the day  a well-planned vegetarian diet it 's really hard to have a good diet without restricting it to only some foods . 
  you would see it if it was more granular . 
  mazowieckie without warszawa would be red probably . 
  the inclusion of it really skews the metric . 
  though with this metric the greatest division will be urban rural . 
  that 's probably why voivodships with more large urban areas ( \u015al\u0105sk ) are much better represented then pomorze or wielkopolska which have one . 
  do n't trust him he has 1 bit of information in that signal . 
  i on the other hand offer pure entropy , not compressible , every bit counts . 
  do n't get fooled by these reed-solomon cheats selling you 8 bits for the price of 14 . 
  here you will get true never before ( and never again ) seen bits . 
  come right up the supply is limited by the physical characteristics of the universe . 
  it 's also a `` victim '' of quite appropriate bashing to which it reacts by calling it mindless bashing . 
  race is usually not the important factor in european xenophobia . 
  it can be a shortcut since there are not that many truly assimilated communities but the cultural background is the important part . 
  that 's why you had ethnic wars ( yugoslavia , wolyn , east ukraine ) between people that you would need all of the nazi racial scientists to differentiate if they refused to say how they identify . 
  but a black brit is still a brit and i expect him to piss in he middle of the square in krakow while on a drunk stag party . 
  similarly same way zinedine zidane is a ` hon hon hon ' french arrogant asshole more than anything . 
  the in vitro ones are cloned muscle cells . 
  but they are not available to but as far as i know so he had to be talking about the normal meat replacements that you can get in shops right now . 
  what do you mean by fake meat ? 
  vegetarian soy based products . 
  i was talking about the in vitro produced meat , but you would probably have to be in a research program to eat it now . 
   , even the types of passable quality . 
  have they produced anything more then 100 % lean very minced meat ? 
  they can used that as filler for a kebab . 
  i 'm still playing wfrp 1 ed . 
  that has been dead since 2005 :d and the retcon to make it more like wfb . 
  we just have to make up our own source when need it . 
   still sad we will never see cathay or ind that 's sounds like a call to write fan made m'ghal kings and jade emperors source books :d .
