   engineering is about results , up to spec , redundancy and wide tolerances , it 's also about process , repeatability and organizational knowledge . 
   test the proposed landing system not really , the next mission will not really use anything from schiaparelli or derived from it ( i think the plan now is for rosscomos to take care of edl and not the italians ) . 
  it was a test of a landing system . 
  i would n't say french treatment of alsace is a point of pride . 
  the end of the xix century is not really outside of modern times and institutionalized colonial policies like bismarck policies in greater poland where not really completely uncontroversial then . 
  the point was not so everybody would speak german , but so everybody would speak only german . 
  it is when you go to other people to do it . 
  the french are welcome to do it in france . 
  doing in algeria generally was seen as morally wrong . 
   it did n't have any influence abroad . 
  if prussia did n't start with conquering half of poland ( including the core and origin of the state greater poland ) you might have had a point with the abroad . 
  the germanisation ( and russification ) programs had an aim for there to be no more poles just polish descended germans ( or russians respectively ) . 
  it was n't a racially motivated biological destruction program but the it too was supposed to end with the destruction of the polish nation . 
  that 's some real uncut 90 's, 
  try doing something not stupid or only benefiting germany , or even worse only benefiting merkel 's reelection campaign . 
  just like chechenya did , guess how different was the position of russian on that matter . 
  well the point is other american manufacturers do n't design for europe so no wonder they do n't sell . 
  is that left guy with slanted eyes china taking over siberia ? 
  that 's one kind of rotation . 
  best translation would be `` repost ! '', 
  if we ca n't convince people to do it to save earth maybe they will to put pressure on russia . 
  russia the christ of nations that sacrifices itself to save the world ( or more like ozymandias from watchmen ), 
   industry 4.0 that .0 stuff has to stop with things that do n't have minor versions :d but i 'm happy to see someone is preparing , here it appears we want to go with industry 2 . 
  yes but also the noun for `` yellow '', 
  do n't you have the translated version ? 
  it was a really nice poem befofre it was an anthem . 
  i think you can only use the veto !, 
  card if there is something happening . 
  otherwise i veto my bank account having less then +1000000 $ . 
   very easily overtake the us that is not true , however we could with a lot of work and the us fucking up . 
  they might have always wanted europe to be a step behind the us but not by a lot . 
   spain an portugal have them too , iirc . 
  til ,, 
   european citizen 's initiative i do n't think most people know or really care beside the occasional eurosceptic using it . 
  it is a waste of time and money but weighting it on some special thing that would need to go to france so they can claim victory means the benefits are small . 
  where can contact the french one that vetoes it ? 
  we can split the 180 m and give half of it directly to not waste the rest, 
  \u0105\u0119\u017c\u017a\u0142\u00f3\u0107\u015b an the best polish word \u017c\u00f3\u0142\u0107, 
  only the baltics have wide gauge int the eu a they are partly replacing it, 
  not really you can see a jump 5 years after, 
  and much richer if you compare wealth and not just income, 
  but the baltics and slovakia are . 
  where german plants privately insured ? 
  i know that the us ones at least had public insurance since chernobyl . 
  maybe the secret is he 's a confused estionian that aspired to be russian gopnik but failed and went on to become a programmer . 
  now he is living his dream through youtube . 
   when tu-154 was crashed , was that it is not a tragedy and they deserves it . 
  most of those angry comments where by ukrainians ... 
  then why where they not ? 
  why replace the cleaner ( and more expensive to build while cheaper to operate ) nuclear ones first , instead of the dirtier coal ones whose main lifetime cost is the fuel ? 
  you could not and did not replace both at the same time because it 's impossible . 
  the decision was were to start and you chose poorly , you could have cut more then half brown coal plants instead . 
  there is an opportunity cost with every decision . 
  could the coal plants be replaced instead of the nuclear ones ? 
  i implied replacing nuclear with renewables and leaving coal is the same as replacing coal with renewables and then replacing the nuclear with coal . 
  if you replaced both then there would not be a discussion but you did n't . 
   can be the solution  significant investment in research is required before high levels of productivity can be guaranteed on a commercial scale . 
  of course it can be a solution , maybe in 10 more years of research or maybe more ( it was supposed to be a solution 15 years ago ) but unfortunately not yet . 
  there are unsolved problems of keeping the algae healthy and then later extracting the oil ( or other fuel ) from the biomass efficiently so does not again turn into a energy neutral endeavor . 
  and all that is before going to estonia and trying to do it when all your ponds freeze . 
  the programs on that you linked are supposed to show industrial prototypes working 2016-2017 , maybe i 'll eat my words when they publish during the summer or maybe they did n't solve the problems yet and the next deadline will be 2020 . 
  either way there is nothing for estonia to invest in now beside throwing maybe 1m $ and some post-grads at the problem . 
  it 's not rainbows an unicorns , nothing is , but it 's much better than coal . 
  us infrastructure transfers between the states are last i checked 10x the whole eu budget ( including the cap ) . 
  the cohesion funds are great but they are not really enough to sustain the eurozone . 
  beside a lot of them do n't go to the eurozone countries and go to pl , ro and hu instead, 
  biofuels only make sense if you have great climate ( like brazil ) or if you are producing it from waste . 
  biodisel produced from normal crops in estonia would burn more energy in the farming the you would get from the biofuel . 
  is there really a difference between coal replacing nuclear and replacing nuclear with wind instead of it replacing coal ? 
  the end result is the same . 
  everybody seams to agree that renewables are the future , but that the coal plants should be closed first and not last as they are worse . 
  you do n't have a choice of not replacing them with coal unless you plan to shutdown half of german industry while reliable energy storage solutions are developed and deployed . 
  no like this glorious gau-8 round https://fas.org/man/dod-101/sys/land/pgu-14.htm or this abrams one https://fas.org/man/dod-101/sys/land/m829a1.htm, 
   shcultz is leaving the head of the ep to kick out merkel as i understand it the deal from the start was schultz was supposed to be the president only for half of the term . 
   despite it 's conservative majority while the center right epp is the largest party in ep it does not have a majority that 's why there always was the cooperation with s&d that got shultz elected in the first place . 
  they would need the eurosceptic nationalistic groups that hate them and ecr to form a majority so it 's not really a workable coalition . 
  long vegetation period due to hot summer and lots of sun, 
  it also has a lot of people trying to destroy that tradition for the last 20 years . 
  as far as i checked the data , emigration to uk fell quite a bit and the number of poles there is quite stable ( maybe slowly rising ) . 
  it really helped in 2003 but the rest is just nice 10 years of growth . 
  disfunctional , chav , ( football ) hooligan, 
   poles being blameless victims again . 
  not blameless victims but still victims . 
  if i hit you and you kill me that makes me an asshole and you a murderer . 
  god save the queen, 
  an actual person ? 
  we have a box you put coins in . 
  there is only one ruler of poland now ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ dark lord kaczynski . 
  i men he is more of the mouth of sauron, 
  i really like french sf comics ( especially jodorowsky ) unfortunately i 'm still to finish some series i started 10 years ago because they did n't get translated to anything i can understand . 
  great time to set up a trip for spring . 
  ok i withdraw my claim , i identified the rifles , you guy do n't mess around with short or light rifles it seams . 
  what sport uses lmgs ? 
  duda is not our dark lord . 
  it 's also a regional tradition in krakow . 
  i know it was just a tool of us politics then , probably should add a `` technically '' to the original comment to be clear . 
  the uk is not really a third party until a50 , each nation can talk with the uk but there is nobody able to represent the eu before that . 
   forbidding negotiations pre-a50 it said it wo n't negotiate , there is nothing forbidding the member countries from doing so outside their agreement to not do so . 
  it was created by the usa as a place for freed slaves to go back to africa . 
  that 's its connection to usa .
