  i live on the coast but i learned sailing on the lakes . 
  course on https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/omega_ ( jacht ) and cabin yachts about this size https://interjacht.pl/images-jachty/28648/tango0780_02.jpg . 
  after a few years i started sailing on the sea ( baltic ) and never went back . 
  i do n't own a boat though i would like to have something like a laser or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/420_ ( dinghy ) . 
  clearly the president of the council of the european union will become emperor and all the kings and queens will have to become vassals . 
  or even better do it the eu way : first proclaim the european union empire that contains only the eu monarchies to make the eu institutions graphs more complicated to understand . 
  then we create a royal council of the european union consisting of royal heads of state of all the monarchies of the european union empire ( eue ) that is a collective royal head of state and emperor for eu . 
  they will chose a chairman of the royal council of the european union for 2.5 year terms corresponding to ones of the the president of the council of the european union . 
  the chairman of the royal council will of course be called the president of the royal council of the european union because you ca n't have enough presidents of eu institutions . 
  i 'm actually only half joking :d . 
  it used to be an age old joke with nationalists looking for for enemies of the state , nation and religion and always finding jews and freemasons everywhere . 
  the rest of the people started adding cyclists ( might have been this guy that started it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antoni_s%c5%82onimski ) to ridicule it thus giving us the `` jews , freemasons and cyclists are behind everything '' but now our current government sees western progressive values ( of which sustainable city planning and promotion bike transportation is a part of ) as an attack on the traditional conservative values they represent . 
  and since our current foreign minister is not only conservative but also an idiot he brings us gems like this :  the previous government implemented a left-wing concept , as if the world had to move using a marxist model in only one direction : towards a mixture of cultures and races , a world of cyclists and vegetarians , who only use renewable energy sources and combat all forms of religion . 
  this has nothing in common with traditional polish values . 
  of course it is , there are blasphemy laws , in most countries it 's easier to sue for libel , totalitarian symbols are forbidden . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's also easier to get convicted for hate speech in most places . 
  well there goes like 0.5 $ worth of capital i have :d, 
  how do you consider yourself left of center ? 
   working-class americans and latin americans ; the former , we can introduce to social democracy and the welfare state they already have that there , what they actually need is introduction to rule of law that allows for what you described to not devolve into a corrupt hellhole full of clientelistic fiefdoms . 
   people literally walk up in a huff when i try talking to them . 
   - non-social democrats should be shunned . 
  maybe they agree with you more then you think . 
   smallest : 1 krona you 've already completely stopped using the ore ? 
  is it still legal tender ? 
  uk mostly i write us though :d since that 's what i set my dictionary to since it 's easier . 
  wasteful . 
  if you live north enough for light to be problem the 1h makes little difference . 
   then all their electors are told to vote for that party . 
  iirc that depends on the state . 
  some have a proportional allocation of electors , but most have a fptp . 
  and another one saying the exact opposite thing :d, 
  it 's document for children ( 10 < age < 18 ) that proves they know the traffic laws and how to react on the roads . 
  the course and exams are organized by schools for free . 
  basically a drivers license for a bike . 
  i do n't think i 've heard about anybody actually being checked for it , but technically riding on a bicycle ( on roads , bike lanes or sidewalks , basically anyplace governed by traffic laws ) without one is illegal . 
  i suppose it only comes into play once you get into an accident . 
  anybody older then 18 is assumed to be responsible for his life and they do n't need it . 
  basically it 's a relic of communist bureaucracy on one side and a working system promoting safe conduct on roads for children on the other . 
  i have really mixed feelings towards it :d . 
   10 minute roadtest on a closed course with a maximum speed limit of 15 mph . 
  0_o , that 's about as much i did in primary school for a bike card . 
   although our roads are slightly bigger then yours usually . 
  probably they are , but it 's not the width of the road it 's the other people on it that are the danger . 
  so you would need to wait 2 more years to even get a license for that thing which is harder to get then the standard license ( which in turn probably is harder to get then the us one ) . 
  which is all good because that thing is threat to other users of the roads . 
  how much does it weigh , wiki give me 6k-10k pounds , for anything over 3.5 t you would need a truck license ( min age 21 ) . 
  beside that this thing would brake you with fuel and insurance prices . 
  if you did want something similar you could get probably a old military truck or jeep ( mostly soviet origin like gaz or uaz , ural ) . 
  pretty much the same thing can be said for poland and me, 
   do people trust the google brand google branded phones have much better software support through system updates ( especially new major os versions ) , that is generally their main selling point, 
  `` postne '' for fasting food , i do n't think there is a word for non fasting food , `` mi\u0119sne '' might be used meaning `` meaty '', 
  cevapi and burek best from bosnia, 
  depends on the sources most of gdansk for example has spring water from deep wells and its actually basically the same as the low mineral waters like zywiec . 
  other places might not be as fortunate . 
   or fake meat , the supermarket here has quite a large selection of fake sausages , fake minced meat , fake schnitzels and such . 
  is n't that mostly soy ( and other fillers ) mimicking the texture of meat with no additional nutritional value vs just eating it . 
   my wife is even germany a true patriot is married to his homeland o7 :d, 
  we have the same and the senate ends up as single party chamber . 
  at least they use it to fix the worst shit that they pass in sejm and generates protests . 
  i think they had 4.2 in 2015 and 3 . x in 2014, 
  do n't know about now but i 've read about 5 parts when i was in primary school . 
   historical districts are a very small part of cities and deserve protection but they are not the majority of what i would call city centers . 
  unchanged since when ? 
  the late xix century ? 
  and that 's not mentioning that a lot of that will still be after very transformative renovations . 
  unless you mean strictly historical districts . 
  unimaginative architecture has been the dominant one forever it 's just the the worst buildings get replaced over time and mostly the valuable ones survive . 
  there was a project for the eu to fund every 18 year old a train ticket around europe to promote integration . 
  from my experience with swedes , usually during working hours :d, 
   they 've declined a lot . 
  i remember correctly in 2014 they where about the same as in 1990 gdp wise . 
  yep , except witcher and metro, 
  center right ( epp ) is the strongest party in the eup and has been since forever . 
  center right parties are ruling at least 1/3 of the countries in europe at all times , sometimes more . 
  research some local stereotypes about them to fuck with them . 
  most of american stereotypes are produced and consumed in english , you have a natural disadvantage but there is a lot of shit being thrown between neighbors in europe . 
  banter always feels shitty if you do n't have any ammo to shoot back and everybody concentrates on you . 
  you probably can find some threads about those in this subredit . 
  also, 
   i found out that in poland people do it from the bottom up . 
  they do ? 
  never see that here . 
  i peal from the stem and remove the top . 
  for polar launches norway is best . 
  for equatorial no place in europe is good , everything only has a western coast ( not good cause you loose on going counter the earths rotation ) or over a busy sea like the mediterranean . 
  we would probably need latvia as they are the only one around with 500 + km of sea straight north to launch . 
  when launching form poland we hit stockholm if anything goes wrong and every place on the coast of lithuanian would put whole of latvia 's coast in danger . 
   and did n't control their kids . 
  you sure it was a not stealing one ? 
   would be called whalers i 'm pretty sure people would call them whales, 
   we are not poland . 
  if counting cubests we already did 3 and will send one more this year :d . but i find it funny that we can compare our space accomplishments to a us elementary school :d https://www.nasa.gov/feature/first-cubesat-built-by-an-elementary-school-deployed-into-space, 
   even the far right party 's leader 's mother 's side were originally slovaks did n't he do genetic testing that he has no jews or gypies in his antecedents ? 
   of course our looks the best !, 
   two different yellows , disgusting, 
  european denomination of origin, 
   separate head of state and head of government most european states have a president that does that . 
   estonia , lithuania , latvia -  baltic 1 , baltic 2 , baltic 3 . 
  that order , you bastard, 
  serbians have kamienek which is stone/boulder,
