  it was part of the spanish netherlands and a property of spanish hapsburgs and later austrian netherlands ruled by austrian hamburgs and after that it was part of just the netherlands . 
  belgium became independent in 1830 after the belgian revolution . 
  it took them not that long to start racking the count on their own . 
  though to their credit they as quickly stopped . 
   reputable is star trek reputable ? 
  tos and especially tng are good social fiction but while enjoy the characters more in ds9 it 's `` message '' is worse . 
  and everything after generations is shit tier action movies and the jjverse ones are good action movies . 
   trekkies much less then in the states it 's more part of general sf then the tribalism you see in the us . 
  the only one show conventions i 've heard about where red dwarf and doctor who ( and harry potter of course ) . 
   mainstream i 've seen it mentioned a few times in news when talking about science but i 'm pretty sure they where using the same metaphor the original press release used . 
  i think star wars is much more recognizable by the general public . 
  especially since it 's a much more active franchise currently . 
   nope , you talk to your boss and he tells you hiring management is much harder then hiring line workers when you do it in another nation . 
  maybe if they hired a competent romanian as the supervisor there would not a problem . 
  it 's not because there is some moral reason for you to start . 
  or because i think lithuanians are more to blame ( i do n't ) . 
  but lithuanians hold all the power in lithuania . 
  nothing can happen and nothing will happen without their initiative . 
   so there were no deals . 
  here i found it . 
  `` treaty about the good neighborly dealings between poland and lithuania '' signed 26 april 1994 r. in vilnius . 
  specifically articles 12-15 . 
  it 's non binding since those articles heavily use the words should , may and will consider . 
  here is the polish version : http://www.lex.pl/du-akt/-/akt/dz-u-1995-15-71 you will need to find a corresponding version in lithuanian on your parliaments website . 
   would be against baltics joining that charter for other reasons , you are right i would n't propose this to latvia or especially not to estonia . 
  if lithuania had 250 k russians beside the polish i would say to the polish though luck no can do . 
   officially yes , but we all know this is not being observed in reality then put someone to jail instead of insinuating it . 
  you have europol and eu banking standards at your disposal . 
   it 's a common practice to assist parties that favor your national interests if there is a possibility to do so . 
  and the leading party of of the polish minority is working against polish interests . 
  so this is a weak theory . 
   i guess it 's not so easy for you to raise that kind of noise against germans there are some people that ask why polish is not one of the minority languages in germany but they have a great answer since almost all of the polish there immigrated in the last 50 years so they do n't qualify . 
  also they are not in anyway located geographically . 
  the general view about emigrants if fuck 'em they left on their own . 
   but in case of lithuania that is what you are doing . 
  you really see it that way ? 
  now i 'm just sad . 
   i do believe that some quite elegant and fun solutions could be still found , but at least tomashevski did n't give a flying fuck about constructive approaches . 
  he wanted to raise as much stink as he could to get elected . 
  so bingo !, 
  now it 's a source of fear and alienation for both sides . 
  mending the damage and rebuilding trust now has to come first before anything else could be done . 
  now we are getting somewhere . 
  i agree with you that tomaszewski is one of the obstacles . 
  mending the damage and rebuilding trust has to start somewhere , but who is supposed to start it if not you . 
  do deals with sensible people . 
  take away his talking points . 
  get poland to help to get rid his russian influence if that might help . 
  i do n't expect tomaszewski to change his tone , he is a piece of shit . 
  i expect the lithuanians and lithuania government to be rational adults and sensible governors of the country and work to lessen tensions , marginalize fringe movements and champion dialogue looking for the future . 
  work with the more sane parts of the community and side step him . 
   there were deals ? 
  they were some non binding deals in 94 ' but i ca n't find the details . 
  i suppose that it was basically something similar to what ended up as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_charter_for_regional_or_minority_languages not really something to fret about . 
  though it would be nice if lithuania joined the charter i linked . 
   i just do n't believe anyone in poland would allow them to discredit them selves so completely if they 'd have any say . 
  that 's the thing we do n't have a say . 
  all poland could do is withdraw support and i think we do n't give any since supporting political parties by a foreign nation is a big no-no . 
   it is with certain type of politics in poland . 
  what kind of politics ? 
  am i blind to some stream in polish politics that advocates changing of borders whatever you are afraid of ? 
  all the governments i 've seen where trying to have lithuania as an ally in nato in the eu and as a good neighbor . 
  like i said lithuania is a strategic ally . 
  when search for news with `` litwa '' i get sport and working together in some mutual deals ( like some pipeline or the energy bridge ) from news in poland while i get conflict from lithuanian polish language sources . 
  i get the feeling like you 're painting poland like a small russia that just foams at the mouth to protect polish minorities in neighboring nations ( now i 'm getting a bit insulted ) . 
   mostly i 'm even sorry for them . 
  they are simply being used in spite knowing that in the end they are the ones who are getting alienated . 
  that 's really nasty . 
  well they are getting alienated and the divide is look like it 's growing . 
  though i do n't know who you think is manipulating them . 
   i told you that street names , etc. 
  are not a problem , but you avoided the argument . 
  then i think i misunderstood something . 
  if they are not a problem , then what is . 
  otherwise this changes into a slippery slope argument . 
  the relative weight of individuality and community , might be a bit different between countries in europe but it think we are all on rather on the individuality side , sometimes trending towards center but never crossing . 
  also there is a difference on what people consider their closest community and how big it is . 
   especially when dealing with countries 10x difference in size . 
  that is how at least one lithuanian is perceiving our relations . 
  big state pretends to be whining like a baby and accusing a small one to screw it . 
  but you are not dealing with a bigger country you are dealing with your fellow citizens first and foremost . 
  i feel that poland has rightfully so left this mostly as internal lithuanian matter . 
  poland implemented it 's part of the minority deals without waiting on lithuania ( mostly because there are only 8k lithuanian minority in poland and about 10 other minorities who deserved it ) . 
  there is no popular demand for doing anything with it . 
  there is nothing the polish state can do . 
  poland is generally quite assertive to the polish minority in lithuania because of the fact that the organizations representing them have to close ties with russia which is against polish interest ( there was already consternation when poland supported lithuanian interests while the minority polish was protesting against it ) . 
  you talk all the time like the fight is with poland while you fighting with other lithuanians ( by citizenship ) that just happen to be polish by nationality . 
  the poles in lithuania are not citizens of poland so they ca n't vote here , though they could probably get one if they proved their parents or grandparents had , but that might be doubtful since the ones there are mostly children of the people denied repatriation after ww2 based on not having documents proving they were polish ( i 'm basing that 200k out of 400k applicants was denied and there was 250k poles in lithuanian left after that ) . 
   edit : and by the by - would you mind terribly to give my regards to those guys who were talking about dissolution of lithuania and tell them that in my view dissolution of poland would be a much better idea ? 
  i try to not associate with idiots so i will not be talking to them . 
   you mixed your reply . 
  first quote was about road signs not teaching . 
  ok i get it now . 
  that makes it a bit harder true . 
  in poland the rule is no names given to places between 39-45 by soviet or nazi occupiers that seems to work . 
  but your places already have names , so do the streets . 
  i assumed it would be mostly translations and maybe a name change would be in order if there is something stupid ( eg . 
  \u017beligowskiego would be poor choice and people would be understandably angry about it ) . 
  are there really so many controversial names ? 
  would ul.witolda kiejstutowicza be a problem or ul .
