  so have a nice day . 
  well with norway it 's just a mutated cock with two heads . 
  maybe a virtual one, 
  why 17 , will the answer surprise me ? 
  who was 18 ? 
  i need all the facts damn it . 
  i live in communist neighborhood that 's modernist and 40 years old and it 's a great place to live . 
  the walls should be a bit thicker or just better sound proofeed but beside that it has great communication , mixed services ( including 2 school , 2 doctors and multiple shops ) , a park , two lakes , multiple green areas , basketball and football fields and places for children to play . 
  some of the newer realizations fix the main problem that the open space between building mean that there is only public space instead of some common space shared only between closest neighbors . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_mx57bu3xs it 's only in polish but has the different models of the city and how they changed and how the trend look now . 
  also some actual examples of new neighborhoods from the same channel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5w_7jsmjw8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-gn-dnzwck, 
  putin look so happy . 
  is it time for / r/ukdenies ? 
  in poland it 's already the case , depending on the faculty you need around 4.0 avg which translates about 80 % avg score and no repeat subjects . 
  the spanish that come the other way sometimes come with exams that they need to take . 
  should n't it be ariane 5, 
  like many revolutionaries before him ( especially in art ) he tried to cut ties with the old . 
  as usual it ended too radical and the next wave that calmed a bit produced the most value . 
  early modernism realizations are experiments , a lot of them failed . 
  such is the way of life . 
   they did only non radical attacks never said that . 
  basayev was a crazy piece of shit before ( but i guess he was good enough to work for the gru in georgia ) . 
  but the dominant force force was at first nationalistic and then constantly loosing power to islamists as the 1st war progressed and they started loosing . 
  did n't the chechens radicalize only after the first war . 
  at the beginning start it was straight up nationalism . 
  only when the country was destroyed and most of rebels where eliminated or cooped the islamist 's gained any power . 
  context it might be more xix c. neo ghotic . 
  the king of saudi arabia funds complicated siamese twin operations all the time as pr moves or maybe out of goodness of his heart . 
  it 's not exactly atypical for him to donate to a charity . 
  shock therapy worked in other places , the ussr was just not ready for it, 
   i was pissed because nonamenoglory called all we traitors for not meeting the 2 % goal . 
  traitors is much too strong a word . 
  but there are those in we that would say fuck them we are safe here . 
  not meeting the 2 % goal now might even mean that in the future you will have no choice since you wo n't even have the capability too help in time . 
  like the discussion in this thread about how france did not help poland in '39 because they had an army structured for defense . 
  thus their defense promises where nonenforceable . 
   in a hypothetical ww3 soldiers and civilians from we will die trying to protect ee . 
  likewise , even if for some in ee geography gives them no other choice . 
  but i welcome your view of cooperation and hope to stop having this conversation 10 years from now because of the mutual trust and shared defense structures . 
  because cramped the windowless , cramped city centers without a speck of green where so much better . 
  modernist architecture did n't solve all of the problems but it did some ( and created a few others ) . 
  and now modern architecture is somewhere in the middle , with smaller common and green spaces ( but still much bigger then the xix c. build up ) and less radical buildings . 
  but it still uses most of the ideas that where though of then . 
   one week poland fought one week less ( 5 vs 6 ) than france ( largest army in europe protected by the maginot line ) and on two fronts . 
  berserk releases so slow a got old reading it since high school . 
  i hope you are young and healthy and will live many years . 
  it 's mostly states around the baltic . 
  you can cheaply deny a lot of the baltic with mines thus denying ports to reinforcements or slowing them down . 
  because ee shields we . 
  you can choose to fight in estonia or poland , or you can wait and choose to fight over at home . 
  you got yourselves willing buffer states and you still whine . 
  of course it can produce them ... in 2030 and with a lot of funding . 
  european awacs planes are all bought from us , when male will fly ( 2025 ? ), 
  europe will have the same recon capability as the us ten years ago with the global hawk . 
  europe has very limited capability with satellite surveillance , cruise missiles , combat drones , heavy lift , precision munitions . 
  this is not something you can just build in a few years . 
  yes and yet we are still talking about it like that , i personally like eu grand armee . 
  some places do n't have and allergic reaction to it so even calling the limited cooperation planned now an army causes no problems . 
   nobody you sure :d, 
  even here it look like there 's more of `` european army '' than anything else . 
  maybe we need to / r/askeurope :d, 
  there is only one solution http://i.imgur.com/wlhklzk.jpg, 
  i 'm interested in the subject and never heard of it . 
  maybe it a way to make it easier for the german public . 
  i 've mostly seen common defense policy, 
   i do n't see how that contraption would swing . 
  you just need a few friends . 
  the same workers would be doing the work just maybe in the american south contributing more to us gdp and more in taxes . 
  is n't this mostly the first half of the next 100 years by george friedman ? 
  i know . 
  what you gon na do about it :d . 
  it 's just poor leadership . 
  representatives in representative democracy should represent and lead not only blindingly follow polls . 
  you get the same shitty unstructured policy making like in direct democracy with the added level of middlemen . 
  being inside shengen does not mean you can legally be in all of shengen . 
  border police can check you anywhere inside of shengen if you have a right to stay so can normal police . 
  second . 
  i would n't eat porridge if offered a choice , i 'd rather get the pig feet if there is some hot sauce or mustard . 
  but it 's not that bad to refuse it completely . 
  and apparently everybody in the north eats . 
  reclaim doggerland , make britain continental again . 
   by both putin and sasha grey you got me , i tried googlig for some article about it . 
  as far as i can tell they do n't really have anything . 
  they are just fighting there to stop the islamists there before they have a chance to take over regroup and attack their neighbors that have something ( like niger with french uranium mines ) . 
   after her marriage title was transferred to her husband yes but they were both king till her death . 
   there were even some 30 odd koreans there https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_way_ ( 2011_film ) great movie, 
  now we need the disk of poland since poland like the earth is flat, 
  when the oil pipelines to lithuania and latvia broke just when lithuania sold its refinery to polish orlen and latvia did n't sell it 's oil port to russia . 
  all fair and square . 
  just technical difficulties for the last 11 years . 
  they 've also had technical difficulties on yamal when poland wanted to buy more gas ( according to the contract ) to replace gas we sent to ukraine . 
  they stick to the letter of the agreement but do everything they can to cheat on everything not covered by it as soon as there is some political tension . 
   at such a point , they simply wo n't sell the gas , no matter how many pipelines we 've built . 
  wo n't sell gas to who ? 
  germany helped russia to gain the ability to selectively stop selling gas . 
  you where just talking about money now it 's other risks ? 
  you are moving goal posts . 
  what you propose not only would illegal according to polish law , eu law and international treaties . 
  gazprom would win any case against poland . 
  but more importantly it would also be counter to polish interests .
