   when did poland start selling us weapons to defend ourselves ? 
  poland never stopped selling weapons to ukraine . 
  at least what we do produce , poland imports most of it 's advanced weapons , ukraine actually has better military technology in quite a lot of fields ( rockets , tanks ) . 
  you can produce yourself most of what we produce ( guns , afv ) we do export to ukraine a lot of parts though , since we had to replace russian suppliers years ago . 
  we on the other hand are buying rocket tech and guided munitions ( also codeveloping ukrainian solution to be used by both countries in the future ) . 
  there has been a contract about sharing military technology and improving industry cooperation in place since 2015 . 
  beside that you bought some polish drones ( you even bough the license to produce them from this year ) . 
  it 's worse actually , but still good . 
   no , defending the territorial integrity of europe is where allies would start . 
   poland acts in self interest regarding it 's policy towards ukraine and europe , not benevolence ukraine still has the full support of poland , i would have it be rather accompanied by friendship ( and understanding ) instead of only an outside threat . 
   rehashing the past at a time when a country 's future is at stake is where an opportunist would start . 
  i already gave my opinion about the timing in this thread . 
  that lower jutification o_0, 
   poland 's holier than thou perception of itself is sickening to ukrainians who suffered under the polish , and why these threads turn out so hostile some of polish holier than thou attitude is a problem , i 'll grant you that . 
  but these threads turn hostile because a lot of the time ukrainians with varying degrees of openness claim that the people that died deserved it . 
  while you could argue they where colonists , oppressors etc. 
  and should be removed , justifying what actually happened to them is very hard to me . 
  you might also be better served attacking the arguments rather then the messengers . 
  while i do agree that most of the polish redditors here have a rather one sided view of history , that does not erase what happened . 
  but in the any polish crimes do n't erase other ones , they need to be persecuted equally . 
   polish people actively suppressed ukrainian culture for centuries this one i think is debatable . 
  i 'll give you active suppression in the xx century but before that there is either no poland ( and the only policy is russification ) or no policy at all . 
  last time poland was independent in the xviii c. nationalism , nations states or nations where not yet a thing . 
  not allowing kozaks the same privileges as the polish and lithuanian aristocracy was described as one of the great mistakes that lead to the fall of plc when i was in school . 
  but describing that as active suppression is stretching it . 
   you choose to forget all that ( because nation building ) and only focus on the barbarity of ukrainians . 
  again , if the response was proportional we would not have this discussion . 
  look at polish lithuanian relations , while lithuanians did cleanse vilnius of poles at the end of ww2 they stuck with deportations and oppressing the polish minority that was left ( in variable extent depending on the time , it 's another grey topic but the main point is that while war crimes there also happened on both sides they were very rare comparatively ) . 
  we do n't really have threads about that , and if we do poland is the black character in that story ( maybe rightly so ) . 
  i do n't think political and cultural oppression is enough of justification for genocide . 
  if you do please state so clearly . 
   he idea that poland convicted/exonerated it 's own war criminals will never sit well with a ukrainian . 
  most of them where executed by the communists for fighting communism . 
  after 1990 they where rehabilitated for that ( since fighting communism was no longer a crime ) but investigations were done about their war crimes , some are still ongoing , some found them guilty of war crimes and some were inconclusive ( usually the conclusion war crime happened but there is no evidence pointing to someone that ordered it ) great , call for the condemnation of war criminals . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  poland sure has some things yet to do in that department . 
  but a lot has already been done . 
  the killings of ukrainians are actually prosecuted by the same group as the rest of the killings , the commission for prosecuting crimes against the polish nation since they where polish citizens at the time . 
   you ca n't fairly try your own brothers for murdering their foreign neighbors , that is so dishonest on the most fundamental level . 
  of course you can , murder is murder . 
  especially murder committed to remove a ethnicity from some terrain . 
   ukraine is currently at war , so for me personally a lot of tasteless nationalism is excused as long as it never leads to violence against innocents . 
  this is true , i do n't think this is the time to bring this topic to the front of polish ukrainian relations on a national level . 
  i was against declaring volynia a genocide by the sejm because of that ( at least foe ni ) . 
  ukraine is not in a good place for retrospection and this topic can wait . 
  the dead will stay dead . 
   what does poland need this resurgence of hate towards ukrainians for ? 
  poland needs these discussions to justify polish support of ukraine . 
  ukraine is one of the best allies poland can have against russia but an ally that celebrates murderers of your nation is a hard sell to the public . 
  the official policy of the polish state since 1990 was supporting ukraine even at the expense of polish direct interests ( refusing yamal-2 , refusing to join nordstream ) . 
  but ukraine did n't really reciprocate . 
  poland wants to feel that ukraine is not a nation of thieves and child murderers but a good neighbor . 
  condemning child murderers is a great start i think . 
  i 'll just go to my local multitap :d , it might not be from at cooper tank but i 'm pretty sure the material of the container is more for show then anything else . 
   and equally as good as pilsner urquell . 
  i prefer something meatier but thanks . 
  i think the original article by snyder fits better the tone i would like but i do n't really have any disagreements with the facts in either https://dspace.mit.edu/bitstream/handle/1721.1/97520/9_resolve.pdf?sequence=1  oh that one time in wisla but that 's just an irrelevant one off event . 
  it 's not irrelevant it 's probably the biggest crime of the polish state . 
  it 's also not comparable to anything that happened in volyn and galicia . 
  if upa only deported the poles from there we would not have this discussion . 
   you do a lot more justification of polish crimes against ukrainians than you might think . 
   in my personal opinion , to do exactly what you accuse us of and justify polish reprisals against ukrainians . 
  no polish crimes against ukrainians where justified . 
  they where just less of them an they where smaller in scale . 
  they where still war crimes at best and all the involved should be condemned . 
   and this hatred was cultivated by the polish government as the historians in the article point out . 
  we managed to change a few governments since then . 
  most since 1990 did n't care in the interest of good relations with ukraine . 
  the current one cares only because it want 's to appeal to our idiot nationalists . 
   the aim of these volyn threads is clearly to be to prove that every ukrainian living or dead was complicit in the volyn massacres . 
  the aim is for ukrainians to face their history and stop glorifying murderers . 
  poland was a step further on that road with generally weak nationalistic sentiments in the last 15 year , but recently both countries did a step backward . 
  just as every pole glorying the bandits from nsz is a nationalistic idiot so are ukrainians celebrating their murderous upa `` heroes '' . 
   if there is political will that 's what 's everybody is doubting on serbia 's part . 
   he describes what poles consider to be a small part of the situation ,  that small part being polish state orchestrated ethnic cleansing of ukrainians in galicia . 
  polish state orchestrated ? 
  how ? 
  under nazi occupation ? 
  partizans taking bloody revenge for their families is now state organized ? 
   the early postwar polish regime instead made ethnic cleansing a central part of its ukrainian policy . 
  ukraine was in the ussr , the population transfers went both ways , and there where more poles being cleansed from ukraine then ukrainians from poland ( 1.1 m vs 500k ) . 
  the post war polish state did not burn any villages with people still inside . 
  the only polish state orchestrated cleansing was operation `` wis\u0142a '' and that was in 47 after the war , in bieszczady and the people got the same deal as poles being resettled from the east , that is they got settled on the lands cleaned from germans in the west ( mostly pomerania and west pomerania ) , still inside poland . 
  and the reason was upa was still attacking people 2 years after the war ended . 
  it happened at the same time as a similar operation against upa in ukraine only they got sent to kazakhstan . 
   i guess we ca n't discuss polish reprisal killings in a thread directly relating to what led to them , of course we can , but you have to keep in mind which side started the killing and which side commit the vast majority of it . 
  you just ca n't justify ukrainian attacks with polish reprisals that only happened after them and where and there was 10 times less of them . 
   you discredit the eyewitness account no , i say that he describes a very small part of the situation . 
  i already said there was ethnic cleansing and war crimes committed by the poles . 
  and i despise those fuckers . 
  but there where an order of magnitude less of them then ones committed by ukrainians . 
  hands of , ukrainians should come work in poland :d, 
  wait if i want to drink craft beer why would i buy something produced by a subsidiary of asahi breweries ( and formerly a subsidiary of sabmiller ) . 
  do n't you have some not corporate beer to promote ? 
  no it 's up to you to define it and communicate to to other actors your reasons so your concerns can be addressed . 
  if you do n't articulate what 's the problem then how can it be addressed . 
  that 's how compromises work . 
  also look at my answer here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6mlfel/eu_formally_approves_ukraine_association_agreement/dk30bbr/, 
  the agreement requires ukraine to curb their corruption and is probably the best tool to do it . 
  is addressed 1 .
