  well there is more of poland in absolute terms then there is of denmark :d , and in this photo there is like 95 % of poland ( the mountains might be missing but it 's hard to tell ) . 
   in fact denmark is the only country that is included in full in the image . 
  denmark and surrounding countries might actually be a better title :d . 
   no , of course not . 
  only read russian links . 
  / s i do n't think you 're a putinbot , though i think you are `` wrong on the internet '' . 
  also i like looking up this info . 
  :d  barbados . 
  not even close to the uk & us mainland troops , and it took them less than 18 hours . 
  and you know what they did n't take ? 
  tanks , spgs etc. 
  also that was only 7500 people . 
  if they needed to fight not grenada that had 12 apc and 2200 soldiers and no aircraft but someone armed i 'm sure they would like deploy with something more . 
  those rapid deployment units usually have supplies for 48 hours of fighting after that they need to be resupplied and relived by other units . 
  combat uses a fucktons ( plural ) of a fuel and ammo . 
  also according to [ this ] ( http://www.dtic.mil/doctrine/doctrine/history/urgfury.pdf ) most of the us forces flew in straight from bases in the us ( georgia and north carolina ) to their targets supported by aircraft ( tankers ) and ships ( including a carrier battlegroup ) positioned for the invasion 3-5 days earlier . 
   i 'm including the all of nato in this i.e the usaf , which alone has over 5,000 aircraft . 
  usaf has only 200 aircraft ( including helicopters ) in europe http://www.eucom.mil/organization/our-forces/us-air-force-europe nato has superior conventional forces but deployment takes a surprising amount of time especially if you need to cross the atlantic . 
  all the rapid response forces in europe could easily take grenada in 48 hours , with the us 2.5 grenadas maybe 3 grenadas at the same time . 
  unfortunately that 's about the same number of soldiers as the vdv have they are based just around the baltics . 
  i 'm far from saying we are all doomed ( or rather the baltics are doomed ) let 's not go straight into over confidence and go all ` ato will crush any threat . 
  the only way too be ready is constantly reevaluating what you are doing . 
   according to a think tank . 
  the new quick reaction force of around 30k would be deployed within an hour of such an attack . 
  do you read your own links ? 
  those 30k take take 5 to 30 days to deploy . 
  5k of them ( the vjtf ) could deploy faster , according to [ nato ] ( https://www.shape.nato.int/page349011837 ) that is 2 to 7 days . 
  that 's far from an hour . 
   not just that but we would have thousands of nato jets and aircraft flying to counter this , likely along with us , uk , french and more navies . 
  there are only about 2000 total nato military aircraft in europe . 
  maybe 500 could be deployed . 
  replacing the g36 because it 's overheating ( when you shoot 200 kg of bullets from it ) great plan of child care on military bases german soldiers ca n't do a lot overtime so they ca n't train with the rest of nato because they go over limit all in all the german army with a lot of money coming in to it ca n't get it 's equipment in working order i have a feeling that while some of those things have reasons . 
  like nobody wants to work in the bundeswehr and she 's trying to make it more attractive . 
  but i do n't think she 's doing a good job at it . 
  well our idiots are another thing :d but i 'd feel better if our biggest friendly neighbor had somebody more competent then van der leyen in charge of defense in case it matters in the future . 
  not to make about poland again like 1/3 of the sub , but there is more of poland in that picture then norway and denmark :d gdansk-sopot-gdynia surprisingly bright kopenhagen and malmo look great, 
  personally i 'm consciously optimistic , but making bad decisions whose consequences would be felt mostly by other people is not something uncommon for nations . 
   nato as an alliance would be worthless if members did n't defend each other - which members could not , and will not , let happen . 
  and yet most europe has almost no ability to send help to the east if the need arose and refuses to do ( or even blocks it in case of germany ) anything that would change this . 
  i they gave them to us we might still be the first target . 
   nato could not possibly allow any type of attack from any country . 
  if it did , the alliance would have no reason to exist . 
  that certainty is not shared by anybody east of the oder . 
  many see it as that western europe would rather let nato fall then stand up to russia . 
  ok then thanks for him , we liked him , would invite hungarian king again . 
  bathory is a family name , there were more then one :d . 
  silesia is warm countries compared to the north . 
  in march you can leave gdansk with snow drifts ( in the shade with air about 5c ) and get to wroclaw to be met by 20c and sun . 
  spring with trees sprouting leaves started like 3 days ago . 
  nothing blooming yet but it should be in like a week . 
  i assume erdogan himself would have to inform that he was insulted for \u00a7 185 to work . 
  look like romania subcontracted shakira, 
  in poland stories like that are saved for the summer when nothing happens . 
  must be boring in latvia right now . 
   why would i pay for streaming service x instead when i 'm already paying streaming service y ? 
  quality of service , better clients , easier to use , show recommendations that recommend shows that are good , social recommendations , critic recommendations , critical highlights , reviewer channels ( `` i like what redlettermedia recommends show me more of it '' ) , view orders for more convoluted shows ( for example tos , tos movies , tng , generations , ds9 , stv , enterprise , tng movies , st , st : itd ) , themed event highlights ( for halloween etc ) , achievements , social standing etc. 
  there is a lot of stuff that can be done to make people want to use ( or keep using ) your service . 
  not all of it works on everybody ( especially informed consumers ) and more then half of it downright manipulative but there is a lot of value that you can offer beside just selection . 
  pirating has the best selection and price point you need to compete on something else . 
  us is united states not a union of states, 
  nobody concerned about freedom of press considers fakt journalism, 
  when i have working procedure i 'll pm you :d, 
  do they also want to be young like 30 years ago ? 
   factories under the soviets were always so productive that their daily output was around 198 % it 's not all bullshit , but if the factory does 200 % output ( for a short time ) it uses 200 % sources materials and then some other factory has not enough , also you have 200 % of something more then you planned and is probably useless . 
  in a planned economy breaking records actually makes the whole system less productive . 
  while the whole the `` west betrayed poland '' narrative is not exactly wrong it was not like you guys had a real choice . 
  how many millions more would have died if the western allies attacked the soviet union like patton proposed using nuclear weapons before they could develop them . 
  how many poles wold die just to reclaim a land burned by scorched land tactics divided ethnically and on the frontline of the hot war . 
  the what if 's unfortunately are not pretty . 
   accidents and other events where people have died  similar to the english `` incident '' people dying does not matter , accident implies that it was not a result of deliberate action , does olycka ? 
   that they just do n't trust anyone . 
  it 's this one . 
  no worries i also had to check whether they were both in the movie even though i know the history of warsaw, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_ghetto_uprising and later https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_uprising, 
  sweden is probably the second most defensible place after uk and ireland being connected by some ferries and a bridge ( or two , i do n't remember ) to the migrant transportation routes . 
  controlling sweden 's border could be done by a 100 people ( half of them are already there checking tickets before boarding ), 
   barquito caradeb\u00e1rquez that actually souds quite good ( if you do n't know spanish ), 
  test them on waloon instead, 
  all of them ? 
  ( that 's still like 30 people irrc ), 
  look at mister fancy pants sledding in \u0141eba instead of rolling down and not being able to stand afterwards :d, 
  central and eastern europeans try to help you realize that you also do n't wont the immigrants . 
   alabama not really , poland is expected to be a net contributor to eu ( in 20-30 years ), 
  you just triggered poland and lithuania, 
  after the war no shared border and latter no reason to migrate or visit one another . 
  later economically everybody went west and as a tourist the roads are better when going to croatia or even spain . 
  after that fall of ussr we concentrated getting into eu and nato with v4 putting a lot of energy there and the weimar triangle ( pl de fr ) because that was where the strategic goals were . 
  after that there is the gypsy migration in the early 90 's that destroyed the reputation of romanians and to a lesser extent bulgarians . 
  the fact that most of the news from romania before saint kovesi were corruption scandals that went unpunished did n't really help . 
  with the public perception low there is little political capital to gain with promoting relations so the politicians do n't bother with it as they would need to make public promotion to make it popular and they are lazy pieces of shit . 
  the private companies thou seem to be working on it . 
  in super markets i saw a surprising amount of products from poland or with a polish label covered with a romanian one . 
  i did use a mental shortcut . 
  `` the pope calling for religiously inspired war that allowed politically connected christian nobles pillage an conquer comparatively divided pagans '' seamed like a mouthful . 
   mieszko really wanted to get his hands on some czech booty there worse motivations for life changing decisions then czech booty . 
  only if you do n't count the reconquista . 
  or all charlemagne 's conquests supported by forced christianization and/or bringing people to recognize the pope . 
   the socialist party also had a `` polen meldpunt '' . 
  like helping legal polish workers with their rights ? 
  that 's probably was more effective then the other one .
