  always found it funny that original slavic names are mostly the same except they move by one month depending on how south you are and how fast spring/summer/winter comes . 
  i do n't think the commission or any other eu body has competence to negotiate with an eu member about it 's status before the a50 . 
  i would have to ( undemocratically and without changes to treaties ) take that power . 
   shouts ` fight ! ', 
  each time two people get a bit of an argument . 
  is n't that the crux of british foreign policy in europe for the last 500 years ? 
   since he was 100 % swedish  100 % a swede a small but important difference . 
  i 'll agree to the latter one :d . 
  why is there a belarusian flag on the ground . 
  the music and mustaches are ok but what 's with that dancing ? 
  am i correct that they mostly are making fun of the russofilia of the lithuanian poles ? 
  yeah he was more swedish then polish and that served poland very poorly because he put his personal interest ( including his personal interests in the crown of sweden and the crown of russia ) before always the interests of the state . 
  but claiming it as direct swedish rule ( he did n't even rule sweden directly even before he was deposed :d ) and claiming him as 100 % swedish is a joke . 
  we ( the united nations ) are still at war with best korea so we only need to break the cease fire . 
  lets invite japan ans south korea to the eu now and thailand in 15 years . 
  liberia can stay orange . 
  let it be americas problem . 
  he was 50 % swedish , his mother was catherine jagiellon . 
  also he was first the king of poland before he became a king of sweden so you might say that sweden was under direct plc rule not the other way around :d . 
  that 's a bitching helmet, 
  yeah but polish legions where fighting together with napoleon and in the terrain they took polish administration was set up and later polish troops where organized on polish soil to fight russia . 
  it 's similar to saying that the usa invaded france during the ww2 . 
  it 's technically right but not really the same thing as when germany invaded france . 
  otherwise we should count the battle of vienna as a polish invasion of austria and i do n't think that makes sense . 
  i just saw the vice president of warsaw on tv he said that 30 % of the problem was heating in warsaw proper and the rest was from transport . 
  though it is switched in the subwarsaw towns ( legionow etc ) and the pollution also comes from there . 
  poland fought together with napoleon as did the north of italy . 
  it would have to be the south invading . 
  depends how you define invasion and i do n't really think i agree with the authors definition . 
  only polish involvement in the iraq invasion where special forces that took two oil rigs . 
  though later during the stabilization it was larger . 
   unilaterally invaded . 
  everything east in europe beside the caucasus , germany ( more precisely brandenburg , we where chill with the rest ) , romania ( moldova ) , i think we fought with all of v4 but i think only invaded czechia . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd-fcmpgrfg / u/niikopol this song is more appropriate, 
  well they claimed it along with bialystok in 1919 just they had a red army problem in executing those claims . 
  but most of that did n't happen in poland, 
  gib back stolen art . 
  but to be honest the worst thing about the deluge is that you lost to russia later . 
  til german unification was bavaria hate fucking prussia, 
  put them in a database ( fingerprints , photos , eye scan dental ) so next time they do n't even get the benefit of the doubt . 
  the police are overworked already and the army is not trained to police people , their trained to kill people . 
  yeah use the army to police people great . 
  not only they are not trained to do that , in germany it 's against the constitution . 
   i am sure it wo n't cost 3000 pp . 
  using force on people is generally more expensive , you need to pay some guards , transportation costs to the airport , more guards there , guards on the plane , detention facilities all the way through etc. 
  that 's what you only want use on those that are problematic . 
  od\u00f3r is smell in polish but this uses odra only in the geographical sense of border between poland and germany . 
  odra is also measles in polish but i think it 's just a straight up joke without a play on words . 
  i expected something about hellboy 2 . 
  last time they `` escorted '' a russian plane http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/russia-demands-explanation-switzerland-fighter-jets-buzzed-government-plane-a7426981.html, 
  it 's easy when you can show something 19 inch and color ... 
   sees my sweet machine , she 's gon na be fucking impressed . 
  to be honest that 's a super expensive giant monitor, 
  breaking of barriers on eu level means increased social cohesion on that level , it 's a trade not an decrease . 
   social cohesion . 
  because the only xix century ethnically pure nation offers the only solution to social cohesion . 
  as far as i know eu nationals are allowed to vote in local elections all over . 
  [ nostalgia intensifies ], 
  all of polish studios have english names and usually foreign publishers it 's only when you check the name of the main dev and it goes skrszkski and you know . 
  people respecting the forests , finally the competition for the crown of the king of the forest will have another contender beside the bear again . 
  well if the queen dies then brits will kill charles in no time and it 's back to reinstating a william . 
   pretty sure military personnel can be used for other things than `` killing people '' , but sure why not . 
  the military is not prepared , not trained and not equipped for non lethal uses of force . 
  sending them into situation where they are expected to use force is accepting that people will die and the violence will escalate . 
   but they are , they are eligible for medical treatment , food , housing and some money the first one for sure , but i find it really hard to believe they get any of the latter after they are supposed to be deported . 
  can you give me any details about what they get ( can be from only finland as long as it 's not all in finnish ) . 
  the process to getting to the point that they are supposed to be deported is probably another topic . 
   well that is solved quite easily with extremely heavy sanctions over illegal work force and reward for reporting said work force . 
  again , all states are fighting illegal work if only for budgetary reasons and it still happens . 
  fuck , all over europe there still work camps with indentured workers and some places the hold people as slaves . 
  this makes me think that it 's not as easy as you think . 
   and has good points . 
  whether you agree with me or not makes no difference , i still recommend watching it . 
  i did sometime in the past 3-4 years nothing really ground breaking then or now ( at least for me ) . 
  it is still correct though . 
   build fence , protect it and make heavy penalties over destroying it . 
  use concentrated tear gas , riot gear . 
  using firearms ? 
  why not ? 
  that 's work for a police force not the military . 
  you send the military when you want to kill people . 
   hey 're waiting to get their pass to england , pretty sure if we remove incentive of welfare they 'd not live there . 
  yeah to work illegally there . 
   if we remove the incentive for them to come , less will come . 
  disputable , maybe a little less . 
  illegal immigrants do n't get anything ( especially after they are denied asylums ) yet they still come ( and stay ) . 
   here 's short video you are arguing against an open border policy and i 'm never proposed that . 
  maybe go talk with that bavarian that whined to the mods . 
   that disproportionate amount of people would rather fight and die for islam rather than try live in secular world . 
  call me when living in a secular world invites so much zeal in people that they turn into fanatical fighters that throw away their lives . 
  extremist ideologies have a inherent advantage . 
  and most of mali is fighting them . 
   it could be solved and reduced to 0 today if we used military force to prevent entry and bar sure shoot them at the border , great plan . 
  or do you think there is a another way to use the military there ? 
   all social programs for people whom ca n't prove they 're european nationals . 
  because the people in calais jungle and other places turned back because the lack of welfare . 
  i 'm all for deportations , but simplistic solutions like yours are not really bringing anything to the table . 
   going full isis what does that even mean ? 
  and what does `` taking people in '' have to with allowing more countries to fall thus increasing the immigration problem . 
  so that when any authority tries to say they did n't know you can go to the eurostat page and look up the letter and say that people have been telling you there is a problem for years and you just ignored it .
