   obvious burning hatred for the u.s. aside assume much ? 
  i have a burning hatred for the failed policy that is the war on drugs . 
   ( something you 've obviously never done in your life ) nice, 
   we got you a cosy place next to poland . 
  how to no be afraid of russians 101 put a large north american country between you and russia . 
  in latvia there is no potato only sadness and hallucinations from hunger . 
  the cartels power was built on exporting drugs to the us because there was demand not the other way around . 
  drug prohibition made them powerful and naturally selected for the most vicious ones . 
  and when you use incarceration instead of treatment no wonder you have a problem with addiction . 
  everything like in a real family :d, 
  you know how we show love in the european family , by grudgingly accepting the existence of our neighbors and not trying to invade them . 
  til they would have both a domestic and a foreign market . 
  maybe they could negotiate a good deal with colombia and the us . 
  edit : letters look like this plan has only upsides . 
  and bought in america . 
  the cartels would have to move to the uk . 
  i just saw the flag and the eagle animates really well . 
  very satisfying when it comes into the foreground . 
  come on it even has a urethra over the o and is ejaculating, 
  not that arian, 
  so do obama 's , that 's not a high bar, 
  that applies to the public outrage , but i doubt the german constitution forbids all germans to be commanded by foreigners . 
  a german in the foreign legion is not controlled by constitutional limits to where he is supposed to be deployed and by whom will he be commanded . 
  the situation is analogous . 
   but also be against the constitution . 
  depends on whether it will german soldiers eu soldiers that are german . 
   legio 5 polonica i 'm pretty sure we would rather go by legio sarmatica :d, 
   `` cost sharing '' , `` reducing costs '' if you reduce costs you can do more with the same . 
  cost sharing is very important with large budget items that can be shared like : * galileo , * spy satellites ( france and germany share each others with one having radar ones and the other visible light ones ) * heavy lift capability would stand useless most of the time in any one country but can be uses at sensible levels when shared ( already happening ) * european countries bought a few awacs planes together as nato because each one needs like half a plane ( flight hours wise ) . 
  there is a reason usa ( and ussr and to lesser degree russia ) were the only ones having those things , because they are expensive and you can not have half of satellite network or half of a heavy transport plane fleet . 
  i tried but i do n't think it works `` berlin bashes britain 's buffoon boris 's brexit bravado '', 
  they could have gone with `` berlin bashes britain 's brexit bravado '' , such missed opportunity . 
  no using them to police turkeys coast would . 
  when they pass into greek waters there are ues problem as far as turkey is concerned . 
  so any navy measure would need to happen outside greek waters , unfortunately that means turkey 's waters and probably turkey 's shores . 
  since turkey will defend their waters , and is able to defend it 's waters . 
  a naval operation in the aegean only determines if the migrants will get off at the closest greek island or will they be taken straight out of the see . 
  libya on the other hand has no ability to deny it 's waters to a hypothetical eu blockade . 
  yep i think your fellow native speakers have to understand you to qualify as fluent . 
  and parts of uk do n't fit that description . 
  well blockading turkeys cost is a bit different than blockading libya . 
  for one thing if turkey does n't like it you have a war . 
  they are fast because they do n't need to check theirs sources . 
  why look for two independent sources if you are going to spin it your way either way . 
  american english , british english or australian english or any other ? 
  only one these uses that term that way . 
  denmark what the hell . 
  is sweden stealing your lunch or something . 
  it 's not about correct terms actually really confusing for other people in europe too . 
  most of the people mean far east asians when they just shorten it to asians or at least all of asians including turkmen , kazahs etc. . 
  i think only british to it another way . 
  i even missed one `` s '', 
  but not the same culture . 
  also the north american bias comes mostly from westerns ( both movies and books by karol may ) . 
  i was wrong . 
  great to meet someone consistent . 
  usually south american indians ( `` indianie po\u0142udniowoameryka\u0144scy '' ) , without context or further specification a pole will assume `` indianin '' refers to the ones from north america . 
  edit : missed a consonant, 
  i rather frivolously assumed his position on historical spread of hellenism . 
  i might be wrong , but it 's hard work in the karma mines and some times you have to take risks . 
  that 's a bit rich coming from greece that might have started ( or at least gave it a huge push forward ) it with hellenism . 
  probably a `` polonism '' since indians ( `` indianie '' ) was taken by the ones from north america we use `` hindusi '' for people from india edit : and for hindu people ( religion ) we use `` hindui\u015bci '' . 
  home army not really , they tried to keep everything proper ( without war crimes ) and had a working justice system that gave sentences to the worst offenders up to death penalty . 
  but there were some more nationalistic organizations that only nominally were part of the home army or even worked completely beside it . 
  our current government has an real hard on for them since a lot of those chose to keep fighting after 45 ' against the soviets and communist poland . 
  the public 's opinion is split , with probably 1/3 declaring them true patriots that never bowed to invaders , 1/3 not caring and 1/3 saying that poland should not be celebrating war criminals . 
  it 's especially painful to watch since we have many heroes that are not controversial a yet the nationalists are insisting on those a lot of whom would in my opinion be executed by the home army for desertion , not listening to orders and war crimes if poland was a free country after ww2 instead of by the communists for fighting communism . 
  but even with that said the scale is incomparable , with usually isolated events involving at most tens of people at a time . 
   turkey held up their part except turkey did not fulfill the requirements for visa liberalization so they did n't get it . 
  they got part of the money scheduled fro 16 ' -17 ' and will get the rest in the rest of the time for which it is allocated . 
  source : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-1664_en.htm, 
  the eu budget is only 1/20 of the combined central budgets of the eu states ( 1/40 if you count lower levels of government ) while the us federal budget is twice that of the combined state budgets . 
  and half of that is the common agricultural policy . 
  if the relations were closer to the us ones we would not need to talk about adding more transfers . 
  yeah the scenario you gave would be one time for a bigger lump sum . 
  on the other hand my scenario assumes not taking on additional debt just to fill the deficit left by lowered costs of handling debt . 
  so the the continuous transfer is just the lowered cost of handling . 
  of course that would mean stopping greece from acquiring significantly more debt . 
  but any transfer scheme will include some control mechanism to pass so that 's another topic  is to try to find underdeveloped areas or poverty-stricken people and to provide them with funds , this one is handled by structural funds already , the transfer mechanism is just meant to bring back competition scaling that stopped when euro ( or even the erm earlier ) locked exchange rates between countries . 
  bonds are bought and re bought ( rolled over ) all the time . 
  there are bond auctions at least each quarter . 
  lower interest would be a steady transfer amounting to 1-2 % of debt . 
   people who exercise their democratic right to protest ? 
  abusing their right to protest . 
  only some of it , only some times ( 2004 was the last time and all us companies brought less in together then apple has stashed offshore ) . 
  they earn the money in every eu state ( and africa and parts of asia ) then magically it appears on paper that every iphone sold was sold directly by an irish company so no taxed is owed anywhere else and then the profits are transferred to nowhere out of ireland . 
  literally the apple global office to which the money is transferred has no tax jurisdiction and no physical location . 
  japan started it 's transformation from being a feudal shithole with the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) was a industrial nation by 1930s and become a hightech powerhouse in in maybe only in 1960 . 
  100 years is not overnight . 
  south korea is a better example though it took them 30 years of dictatorship to achieve this . 
  not mentioning us pumping them up as a counterbalance against china . 
  singapore nominally democratic lucked out with their prime minister for life who acted as a benevolent dictator winning elections and only slightly curbing freedoms also was really good at his job . 
  it also arguably took them 30 years to get from a urbanized port city to a tech powerhouse . 
  all us post communist states are just about to hit the 30 years mark . 
  but the comparison for general wealth should be with s korea and singapore in the 1990 's not with them today ( maybe even that will be a bad comparison since that 's the height of the dot com bubble ) . 
  the scandinavians are just idiots in this matter . 
  other european countries have more wolves on smaller and more populated areas and nobody proposes shooting them all . 
  ffs ~ ~ croatia ~ ~ bosnia and herzegovina has more wolves then all of scandinavia . 
   28 well 32 since the other 4 they also have agreements with each other . 
  we are living in the beautiful age of html5 where not only you do n't need flash for video or audio but if you block the javascript that plays it the page will not show anything .
