  does not have any bearing on the agreement 1 . 
  this remains valid 1 . 
  does not have any bearing on the agreement 1 . 
  i do n't know how to interpret it that leaves concern 's of 6.8 % of voters unanswered , that looks pretty good . 
  the fragment you cite equates them :  lotnik made it clear that atrocities could be attributed equally to both sides , ethnic ukrainian and ethnic polish it 's true that there where atrocities on both sides , it is not true that they were equal in scale . 
  that 's the only part of that citation that i have problem with , since the rest is accurate . 
   and i am supposed to be more careful with my words . 
  everybody being more careful with their words would be good, 
  probably because you are equating killings that are separated by at least two orders of magnitude . 
  also a lot of people feel more strongly about it then i do . 
  i freely admit the wrong that happened and would love if the ukrainians did the same . 
  operation `` wis\u0142a '' was a shameful act of ethnic cleansing . 
  and the nationalist partisans that committed those killings were war criminals . 
  there is no point of defending those things . 
   the firsts sentence is simply false . 
  no against voter was eased . 
  the most things i heard about the referendum was voting against the government and not starting ukrainian accession process . 
  the first has no bearing on the agreement and the second was addressed . 
  so what did the against voters really want ? 
  to fuck over ukraine for shits and giggles ? 
  edit grammar, 
  it 's been a few years and the program has changes a bit but this is what i had . 
  most people probably do n't really remmmember much out of this . 
  * munich and the shameful role of poland with zaolzie * ribentrop-molotov , glevitz incident , start of the war ( westerplatte , shlesvig-holstein ) . 
  attack of the soviet union , fighting surrounded , escape of the government and troops through romania , end of fighting . 
  * strange ( phoney ) war * katyn , kharkov , miednoje , ostasov * barbarossa , stalingrad * underground state , partizans * german death camps * relations of the polish government in london with the soviet union * 1st polish army ( anders ) and it 's evacuation to to iran * 2nd polish army and how it 's made sure to be sent to the eastern front * basically skip 42 , kursk , the turning tide , operation bagration . 
  * warsaw ghetto uprising , * operation storm - partizans and underground move out into the open to free cities from retreating germans before the soviets come . 
  ended mostly with the soldiers executed or deportated by the nkvd . 
  this lead to concentrating the efforts on warsaw and thus : * warsaw uprising , death , sacrifice , terrible logistical position with the only supply coming in from raf flying from italy while the red army waits on the other side of the vistula not even allowing the allied planes to land and refuel . 
  ends with 220 k dead and a city destroyed . 
  * italy ( mostly battle of monte casino ) , normandy , market garden , festung breslau , battle of berlin * one lesson about the whole pacific , pearl harbor , americans , soviets in manchuria , hiroshima nagasaki , surrender . 
  * ankara , yalta , potsdam and how poland was left in soviet sphere of influence . 
  * forceful implementation of communism , falsified referenda and elections . 
  stalinist terrors ( with stalinists in poland lead by bierut ) i think that 's about it . 
   is there any way in poland that pis could either stop being in power they 've hit ( again ) great economy all around europe so even if they over extend financially they are not in danger from the economic front . 
  from the other side the anti quota stance only strengthens them . 
  if things go on as they are going now they will win reelection in 2 years , although possibly with a coalition partner , though that would actually mean an even stronger anti immigration stance . 
   being held accountable for finding a solution ? 
  they 'd be hard pressed to say no to a solution that mainly involves strengthening the borders and relocating migrants to north africa first before assessing and potentially granting their refugee status . 
  even if that solution required money and people from poland . 
  it would be basically what they asked for and i 'm pretty sure that it would help italy and greece more then the current one . 
  problem with pis right now is that they do n't really want a solution , they benefit domestically greatly from the from it . 
  and with how poorly the scheme is doing in countries that agreed to everything ( very little relocations ) and how problematic it is for the ones that protest ( since it only strengthens opposition to them ) i 'm sure this stopped being about solving the problem . 
  at this point the forcing of the quotas by the commission is either a power play or a genuine bid to force cee to to at least leave for the eea if not further . 
  this is a very frightening realization either way . 
   if everyone was to refuse it , greece and italy would stick with all the refugees simply because they 're at the coasts . 
  if the whole scheme would go as planned greece and italy would still be left 95 % of the migrants . 
  and the transfers are not really happening even to the countries that have no objections . 
  clearly the solution is not working and it has a huge political cost . 
   think that there is a huge unpopular factor attributed the current gov does it 's best to fan that unpopularity and to present themselves as the sole protectors of polish safety ( from refugees ) . 
  they 've dug in and they wo n't budge since this is the best place for them , effect on polish foreign relations notwithstanding . 
  you are right the plague spreaders do n't understand the risks ( or rather the lack of them ), 
  for some reason i expected the greeks to be orthodox crazies and read their 44 as 84 . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:satellites_of_poland, 
  we are second best in the group that 's not even that bad :d, 
  it 's not really about the economy but about the mismatch of the valuation of the pound vs the official rate . 
  the uk put itself in a position where the market value of the pound did not match the official rate , all he needed to do was bet against uk reserves bot being able to hold the value up , not against the whole economy . 
  well he did push uk over the edge . 
  though the uk brought the pound to that edge all on it 's own . 
  well he 's been funding solidarity in poland and other anticommunist movements since the cold war . 
  the best part is that the current nationalists in poland and hungary might have been funded by soros 30 years ago . 
  looks like moscow and st petersburg are doing okish it 's the rest that 's fucked . 
  new wave of british heavy metal has brought me joy for half my life so good job on that :d, 
   nice try , sweden . 
  deus vult more like this why are american anthems/hymns always 2 twice as slow as they should be ? 
  this version sounds much better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfqlg0pyod8, 
  they showed up later that day for the voting ( the diet they get is based on their presence during voting ), 
   inosmi.ru - i do n't know about the baltic 's but the selection of polish articles is very cherry picked with a lot of articles from very fringe crackpot sources . 
  and the ones from major newspapers do n't really say anything controversial . 
  someone selecting the articles clearly has an agenda . 
   nato wan na trigger article 5 for a cyberattack . 
  no it means cyber attacks by state actors are till attacks , especially if they target critical infrastructure . 
  nato needs to prepare reaction plans and scenarios beforehand to be prepared . 
  specifically so an escalation going all the way to article v does not happen . 
  also why do you consider total thermonuclear war ( or bombing where ever ) the only option available as a response ? 
  this did not happen when syrians shot down the turkish phantom in 2012 or vice versa when the turks shot down that su-24 . 
  nor did anything happen when the russian militias shot down a nato passenger plane ( by accident most probably ) . 
  an adequate response is needed for every possibility . 
  when the next attack happens and people actually die there needs to be procedures to react ( or not react ) and how instead doing it ad hoc . 
   yes , i 'm aware of where my tax-money went . 
  to western banks , the main problem with the polish banking sector was that parent companies of polish banks drained them of cash because they invested in derivatives . 
  polish banks where to smart/to dumb to invest in those toxic papers sot where left mostly untouched by direct problems . 
  polish economy was not tied to the bubble of 2004-2007 and grew more slowly then then the rest of europe but also did n't fall when the bubble burst . 
  we agreed that we will recognise cyberspace as an operational domain , just like air , sea and land , '' probably about time , it 's been 10 years since russia attacked estonia after the debacle when they removed the `` liberator '' from the bridge . 
  ignoring this will not really help . 
   it is a lot easier to fight unemployment when you do n't have a growing demographic it 's also easier to have a growing economy when you have more people . 
   but it keeps shifting in a way that means we 're losing territory in poland we just exchange some land about each ten years with our neighbors that we have river borders ( so czechia germany belarus ) . 
  the river meanders so what is gained in one knee of the river is replaced by the next one so the net changes are small . 
  some time we gain some times we loose . 
  is the danube really against you ? 
  and the politicians are dependent on those tensions to move the blame away from their corruption and incompetence . 
  bih would also have to abandon the dayton agreement to pass the copenhagen criteria . 
  that 's a huge step and it wo n't happen soon . 
  well we actually expected cuts either way in the next budget . 
  quite lot of the prosperous regions have risen out of the poorer segments ( < 75 % eu average gdp ) and the larger cities are close to or over 100 % eu average . 
  we would n't get the same amount of funds regardless of conflicts with the eu . 
  nah impact is due to electromagnetism since that is what keeps matter together . 
  and they do n't use asians for them , check his further comment on what he meant or check the oxford dictionary for usage . 
  asians in the uk means pakistanis and hindus, 
  the point is that google wrote their own implementation of the java api using all of the names to make existing java code compatible .
