  not just any gun , a beautiful one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tp-82 https://www.google.pl/search?q=tp-82&amp;num=20&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch though the last few years they did not have any current ammo so they took some normal pistol . 
  and story how they stopped http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/aerospace/space-flight/how-i-stop-cosmonauts-carrying-guns, 
  the hermes space plane was supposed to fly on the ariane 5 . 
  now there are talks bout the very similar dream chaser to fly on the ariane 6 but its a long way off ( 202x ) elon might get to mars sooner . 
  actually it 's only wmds that are forbidden . 
  you can have guns and missiles . 
  soyuz up till a few years ago carried a gun on board for self defense ( from wolves and bears etc. ), 
  after landing . 
  though they stopped since it was used like onece in the 70s and it 's easier to quickly search for the capsule today . 
  so far they got someone that back tracked on a lot of promises and even deleted some quietly from his platform on election night . 
  future performance so far is not guaranteed , though i would at least wait for the complete cabinet to judge the ( dis ) appointments . 
  the new christ of nations . 
  i 'm sure glad we can pass on the mantle . 
  the eu did n't start with both france and italy claiming savoy and germany claiming and occupying parts of south tyrol . 
  but it sure will we interesting to see how they manage . 
  looks great, 
  of course countries jumped on the occasion to to push their interests when the situation got hot , i 'm not arguing against that . 
   and the so-called peace-full protests turned very violent within weeks or even days are you arguing that the arab spring was some kind of conspiracy ? 
  do the arab people have to be manipulated to demand more rights ? 
   following the invasion , iraq is in a worse condition than it has ever been . 
  before , dissidents were in trouble , now almost everybody is in trouble . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i mentioned iraq as a mistake . 
  more then once . 
   it is naive ( or dishonest ) to claim that we can impose democracy on a country that has no democratic traditions . 
  i 'm not arguing for regime change when the states are working . 
  but we can and maybe should stop active crimes against humanity like genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  assad was fighting more then half the country and bombing civilians left and right before anybody outside got involved , the same with qaddafi . 
  maybe we should try to end civil wars if the only good quality one side has is that it kept peace with an iron fist before ( but not anymore ) . 
  but there are not really any examples of the last one working and making places better to live , but civil wars tend to do that . 
   or was there indeed a discrepancy in abortion law between the exclave and the rest of the soviet union ? 
  yeah there was , it was still part of germany in 1920s, 
  like i 've said questionable . 
  but so is not interfering during an ongoing crisis . 
  what do you think of standing doing nothing at rewanda , srebrenica or pol-pots killing fields ( or in this case even opposing vietnam intervening ) . 
  sa does not conduct conduct large scale killing of its citizens . 
  have some perspective . 
  i 'm not trying to defend sa btw it 's a shitty dictatorship but unfortunately it would probably be a worst place to live for it 's citizens and it 's neighbors if the monarchy was removed . 
  there are places where the humanitarian cost outweighs humanitarian gain , sa is one of them so is dprk , iraq was . 
  libya and syria were fucked either way when arab spring came in my opinion . 
   that if congress did explicitly demand that the president attack russia , can it even do that ? 
  i generally got the impression that the checks and balances in the us default to inaction . 
  requiring action of another branch seams like breaking separation of powers . 
  it appears finally we are central europe . 
  so is shooting civilians on the streets , and that happened in all those places before they were attacked . 
  iraq is the only place of those that did n't have an ongoing conflict directly before the intervention though it did have a brutal dictator that was guilty of significant past crimes against his ( and other people ) . 
  the interventions did n't help to stabilize those places outside of serbia but do n't misrepresent it as the interventions being the root cause of the violence there . 
  do dictators have a larger right to brutally oppress their people then other states have to prevent that ? 
  you might argue the hypocrisy of only attacking certain dictators or the utility of doing it the way it happened that only replaced organized brutality regime with prolonged civil war . 
  but the moral position is questionable both for and against intervention . 
  and yet obama still did not send the arms to ukraine , one year after the congress voted on it . 
   odawliec took me a while, 
  on demand abortion is already illegal in poland . 
  has been for ~ 20 years . 
  now we need another map when it 's been forbidden again . 
  it 's not really a website it 's a cms that also offers hosting services like blogspot . 
  it 's just easy to use so almost everybody can put up stuff there . 
  again wtf :d my face did o_0 0_o and settled on 0_0 , at least the church had some level headed things to say . 
   `` this is clearly the work of the devil , '' said cardinal audrys backis . 
  well now after a bit of a laugh i 'll go back to praising our polish king and savior jesus christ . 
  it 's not easy going back to feudal times . 
   order and justice i wanted to say looks almost like they stole the name from out law and justice and i went to their website and saw their logo . 
  wtf . 
  for me it looks more like a bacteriophage . 
  i would say that was the other way around . 
  the us collaborated . 
  actually they collaborated with a despot compared to the british system . 
   you sure you want to commit the sama analytical mistake ? 
  of course those people lost and the gains in production mostly went to the owners . 
  what to do with those people , or more aptly what to do to help them do something valuable with themselves is one of most pressing problems of our near future . 
  but the only mistake is thinking it can be reversed through protectionism . 
  they did loose to factors that will not be changed by passing laws and throwing out immigrants . 
  if a car drove past you in horse race , shooting the faster horse before you wo n't change that you will finish after the car . 
   the one which production can be arranged around robots you missed the part where they are expanding to previously only slightly automated industries . 
  the range of production that can be automated is growing with more flexible robots and new manufacturing techniques that are easier to automate . 
   good luck building a robot that can lay a floor in a less-than-simple floorplan , to return to my example . 
  direct installations in remote location and tight places will be immune to automation much longer then other sectors ( well into sf future territory ) . 
  but those workers will face competition from the humans pushed out of the activities that can be automated . 
   you can argue this both ways though someone with a betting habit can be blackmailed , someone with a drinking problem can be blackmailed . 
  you ca n't because someone without a porn addiction can also be blackmailed based only on their sexual preferences and tastes . 
  please do n't equate simply watching any porn with addictions . 
  especially ones that have such significant health and financial consequences . 
  porn addiction like any compulsion should treated but prohibition has n't really helped before and i do n't think it will this time . 
   this is n't about banning porn it 's about bringing online stores in line with physical stores . 
  most porn sites i assume already will check your age if you actually want to pay them through a credit card requirement . 
   if people want to argue that porn should be available for all ages then do so but this is n't about that it 's about making sure there is n't one rule for one and another for someone else . 
  this law will not change to who the porn is available . 
  torrent sites will not impose an age check . 
  neither will mega or any other file locker . 
  will uk ban vpns ? 
  will there be a english channel firewall ( https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160914/16515735519/uks-gchq-takes-page-china-plans-to-build-great-british-firewall.shtml apparently there will be ) ? 
  a complete ban on porn did not stop turks watching porn so why do you think a partial one will stop brits . 
  the only thing being done is a huge privacy violation and preparing infrastructure for state censorship with no gain for the public . 
   yes , it manifestly did . 
  a lot of production moved to mexico with nafta , for example . 
  yet the us still produces more then it did before . 
  specific production types that relied largly on human labor moved but overall it still grew . 
  it actually grew fastest just after nafta https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/indpro  you were talking about an ai before , not better infrastructure . 
  kind of a huge difference . 
  the point is decades and decades is a lot of time , internet in that time completely changed whole sectors of economic activity and is still doing it .
