  well churchill was great leader ( and great speech writer ) but he should have looked more closely at the map . 
  though `` from shwina - shwine - shwinouystie , '' does not exactly roll of an english tongue . 
  but he could have used swinem\u00fcnde . 
  it 's like saying london by the north sea . 
   szczecin so no fence on the last 50 km ? 
  because that 's how far szczecin in from the sea . 
  the sheep are unguarded right ? 
  if i remember correctly many more sheep die by falling into ditches then by wolf attacks . 
  is that another runway in the distance being built at 3:33 ? 
  it seams quite far off from any terminals and not connected . 
  that sounds like brazilians exiting something . 
  no need for that . 
  you only need to be a rich oligarch ( or a child of one ) . 
  they trade certificates and derivatives , the actual gold may have not been moved for years even if it 's sold daily, 
  that grass was being replaced by concrete 2 years ago maybe they finished now . 
  you just need to apply yourself http://www.forbes.com/sites/alexknapp/2012/11/28/for-winning-the-nobel-prize-niels-bohr-got-a-house-with-free-beer/#19cab30c4fb7, 
  the law was sent to the constitutional tribunal . 
  first by pis who then they changed their mind and withdrew their complaint ( probably at the time when they though of the plan they are implementing now ) and later sent again by po and psl who by the time saw it looks like shit to everybody so they tried to distance themselves from it . 
  and it was ruled invalid by the tribunal like it should have been . 
  the system worked , the built in safeguards worked . 
  there was no need to protest anything . 
  there was talk about it being shitty in october and they did n't really defend the 2 guys since they knew it was a loosing battle so they waited for the ruling and hoped everybody will forget . 
  then came pis and from the start and started passing a new `` law to fix the constitution tribunal '' each month taking the spotlight for themselves . 
  if po stayed in power and ignored the ruling of the constitutional tribunal that is the moment there would be the need to protest , but we never saw that scenario , it might be like you say and the reaction would be much less then now or it might have been equal , we will never know since that never happened . 
  if pis just elected the two guys they were supposed two in november the only thing we could talk about now would be how po tried to put two guys in illegally but were stopped , a fitting end to the last two years of their failing rule . 
  instead we have pis putting in three guys illegally and passing ( multiple ) laws to paralyze the constitutional tribunal till the chairman leaves and they can put one of their own in his place . 
  i still fail to see how the second part is po 's fault . 
  one would have to be hypocrite would defend what po did while attacking pis . 
  i have yet to see someone like that . 
  all i see is people saying po did bad but and was rightfully stopped but pis already managed to do worse and they are continuing to do more . 
  the previous government started it . 
  but they have n't been in power for almost a year now . 
  and previous governments movements were decided as unconstitutional in december . 
  how long will everything be their fault . 
  the current government is responsible for their own actions . 
  nobody forced them to do anything . 
   when all the set of ` indepened ' judges + 2 another ` independed ' judges and replaced by new ` independent ' judges ? 
  not mentioning all except 3 of those you criticize for lack of independence got 2/3 majority when they got elected . 
  beside the only one finishing his post in december is the chairman . 
  the solution to breaking the constitution is not breaking it even more . 
  beside the former government tried to break the constitution but was stooped by the constitutional court . 
  while the current government actually did it and it stuck ( or it will finally stick after they replace the chairman of the court ) . 
  maybe they just think a lot of them just integrated into chavs . 
   nd choosed next 2 redundant people to their set . 
  so would you agree that the president is breaking the constitution by not receiving the swearing in of the 3 correctly elected judges . 
   bash the polish too soon, 
  heh i do that a bit too , never noticed it . 
  it 's funny cause we have the same w/f ( v/f ) similarity in pronunciation . 
  greece does not have a land connection with rest of the eu . 
  romania does . 
  i have tow say the two current candidates both have shitty branding . 
  am i supposed to identify their political views by the size of the flag ? 
   those people were on trial and sentenced for the crime and i have never heard anyone celebrating them . 
  but they already have a flat tax rate right ? 
  well in that photo you are looking in the opposite direction . 
  building with the square tower on the corner is right instead of left . 
  i always though we should support the german team since there the team with most poles after the polish team ( this will change after podolski retires ) . 
   americans fed them dollars for 50 years americans fed them the same dollars they fed the rest of western europe and for much less then 50 years . 
  i was talking about official propaganda . 
   all the germans are gone . 
  there are 150k german minority in poland that stayed . 
  but most of them are gone true . 
  the only thing that is to say from the polish side is that the polish that moved to those places where themselves forced out from beyond the current polish eastern border in a similar way . 
  so much for being the winners . 
  on the other hand frg was the imperialist capitalist sons of nazis , it goes both ways . 
  germany is viewed as an example of hard work order and economic success . 
  while it 's hard to overlook german-polish history , germany is seen as an example of how to handle that ( as opposed to russia ) . 
  it would be naive to say it does n't matter but it 's not exactly a priority for anyone , more an aggravating factor for current politics when mentioned . 
  germany has a very strong economic presence in poland which causes some tensions since germany came in after the transformation and using their capital bough up a lot of companies , sometimes closing them later . 
  some people see it that germany is following a strong national policy of economic domination , by aggressively using it 's capital and economic power to takeover or destroy polish companies . 
  also some people would say that germany is influencing polish politics and saying that the previous governments policy of cooperation was in fact a policy of listening to berlin ( and/or brussels ) . 
  but beside that germans are seen quite positively , the 2 m poles in germany 150k germans in poland and the 6 m german tourists in poland each year work very well together . 
  germany is our most important trade partner and those connections work very well together . 
  well the nato multinational brigade in lithuania will be german led . 
  the question was not if you do n't like them but a series of question weather they drink to much are loud , rude etc. 
  it just happened they got worst scores across the board ( except drugs since people said blacks are more prone to drugs ) because pc ? 
  how do you explain black caribbean young close second place ? 
  is it pc to hate them too ? 
  edit : some letters, 
  no problem , good luck, 
  well you would have to pay for studies either way ( both on private and public universities ) since it 's only free for polish citizens and eu or permanent stay foreigners . 
  but the prices start with with 250 $ ( for teology :d ) and are about 500 $ for something more useful per semester ( half a year ) . 
  i 'm just mentioning this as an option for you to look into . 
  btw a lot of that is waived if you are a student at a polish university . 
  so depending on your age you might try that . 
  i 'm also pretty sure there there are some private `` universities '' that specialize in that . 
  poland does no take any refugees so that does n't matter , the ukrainians coming here get temporary works viasas and residence permits . 
  a lot of the time they do something like come to poland for the duration of the work permit ( 6 months ) then go to ukraine for 3 months reapply and come again . 
  this applies to simpple manual labor like cleaning ladies , depending on skill level in might be easy to get a a longer permit . 
   they need to chase fairytales where everybody is their own utopia , i thought they were going for a fascist surveillance dystopia . 
  my view was reinforced with may `` remove echr and pass the snoopers charter '' as pm . 
  well there was a previous study that said that white british males were the most disliked group in the uk https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/dec/19/young-white-men-uk-most-hated-social-group-public-attitudes it 's no surprise nobody want 's to hire them . 
  any more info on that ? 
  it 's not like you can change c + o2 -  co2 and carbon sequestration has some really big energy balance problems . 
  what ? 
  edit : i read your other comment and googled it , fun language, 
  visa free does not mean there are no border controls . 
  if the russians could do pull off green men in poland with guarded borders and hostile civilians then we have some real problems that visa controls wo n't solve . 
  unfortunately in some `` security '' move our glorious leaders stopped visa free travel between kaliningrad and poland thus cutting them away from some that cultural ( and economic exchange ) . 
  i 'm all for it but my point is they are more expensive then elsewhere .
