  it 's a jobs program, 
  well annexation would solve the problem of the long wait to join the eu . 
  put a cross on the minaret and it could be a church in poland , even the old commie block is there :d, 
  the salt would kill them, 
  single market saves lives , the four inseparable freedoms work . 
   a court will decide if you 've got a good reason to carry a knife or a weapon if you 're charged with carrying it illegally . 
  very clear, 
   because it seems so silly well it is silly ,, 
   if she 's serious then just license the cyberwall from chinese government , i think uk supplies the spying equipment to sa and other places so they can buy locally . 
   i mean i 'm not even sure we can call `` meat '' what they put inside their burgers there . 
  i assume it 's deporting 5-20 m people out of europe , that would be a few tens of thousand deaths even if everybody went peacefully to a safe place that can accept them just by the scale of the operation , and it wont go peacefully and the there is no safe place that you can send them to . 
  lets base some estimates on historical data , german population transfers after ww2 ( ~ 15m ) caused between 500k and 2m deaths , about 3/4 of that caused by the conditions of the transfer and not direct action . 
  now how many of those deaths where children ? 
  in denmark i found as high half , in other places maybe lower , lets say 1/4 , that 's a low estimate of 120k children dead . 
  lets assume we are so much better now and will do 10 times better , that 's 12k children . 
  how many years of terror attacks at the current high rate that is ( 120 deaths a year ) , 100 years if we count everybody and not only the children , about 400 years just for the children ? 
  now tell me how many children ( and adults ) are you willing to kill to stop this trickle of terror deaths . 
   ` alright guys we got ta do something about it now ' we have been at that point since probably 2010 , it just happens that the most people do n't want the complicated set of actions that will lessen the threat instead they want to do nothing or want an easy solution that will at best push the problem to someone else , do so at a significant human cost and force europe to abandon any premise of being more civilized . 
  now if you have some sensible proposal rather then deport them all , or close the border ( which will do nothing against the second and third generation who are the terrorist ) then give it here . 
  i too would like the situation to improve . 
  one less then will end up dying in your therapy, 
  we 've got a few black spots that might become cancer but right now are only itching yet some people scream amputation, 
  all those names refer to the same exact movement and the names are 100 years old, 
  people do n't do chemo till they actually have cancer, 
  3 weeks ago a friend was sailing an they where going 7 knots with only the rigging , looked fun . 
   do they ? 
  i 've never seen `` kremlin shills '' outside of russian internet , the polish english language reddit ( / r/poland ) gets some posts as soon as the russian provocations happen ( that try to break apart poland and ukraine ) . 
  always new accounts always posting the same thing in / r/ukraine / r/news and / p/poland and always disappearing after that . 
  they do n't even care to get someone speaking polish and post it in the polish language reddit , feels a bit insulting really :d . or the facebook pages for lwow and wilno peoples republic written in polish and russian . 
  those where funny actually . 
   by those metrics , children of mixed polish + other ethnicities would never be polish . 
  depends on where they live . 
  if they grow up in poland they will probably end up polish just like all the immigrants to the us end up american . 
  the ones that grow up in the uk for example will be most likely be british ( even with both polish parents ) . 
  she has n't flip/flopped on massive surveillance :d, 
  people call them fascists because they use nation as every other word , try to bring down rule of law , break the constitution , talk about national justice instead of just plain old justice , they buy companies for public money to put their own cronies in them , use ww2 war criminals as their heroes , have a personality cult of their leader ( and his dead brother ) . 
  the refugees ( and their denial to take any ) are a smoke screen they use to hide all those things . 
  that sounds like a list of questions for an american fan of le pen, 
  one man 's thick is another man 's fat, 
  yeah the title was there i googled it and listened to another version , still prefer rosemarie . 
  i thinks it 's more of the uploader being a dick since he blocked poland for all his videos . 
  is it available recorded somewhere ? 
  i could n't find it last time i checked . 
   this video is not available in your country . 
  ehhh but i prefer rosemarie either way, 
  he 's behind everything so i assume he 's somehow behind himself . 
  it 's globalist physics . 
  ukraine is puppet state of poland , poland is puppet state of eu , eu of the us and us of soros . 
  it 's puppet states all the way down . 
  the laws of thermodynamics are oppressing me . 
  they just want more sun over london . 
   sibter sounds like sister with a spanish accent, 
   he was telling me about how europe is falling apart . 
  well it proved his point did n't it ? 
  they already said that when the previous government wrote a law that allowed allied police forces to help when invited ( funnily enough exactly like when the polish border guards did when they went to hungary to help protect the fence ) . 
  nothing will stop them from saying that . 
  what actually has to be emphasized is what are the sovereignty checks and balances that are put in place along with the unification . 
   could it play against democracy ? 
  by feeding populist arguments ? 
  if you do n't give counter points to populist arguments they wo n't disappear , they will be the only thing left . 
  slavic polabia best polabia . 
  well basically the places that have natural borders, 
  need to go more yug, 
   i 'm willing to gild bet that trump follows through on the paris accords . 
  i do n't think trump will influence it in any way but the us probably will manage to meat the goals thanks to shale gas . 
  mostly independent defensive forces ( grouped in about 3 country formations geographically ) and integrated expeditionary forces ( few brigades with shared logistics chains ) . 
  countries would retains veto power on using their combat troops but the troops for logistics would be under direct command of the eu army hq . 
   all these things have been solved with international law and international waters . 
  and the us threat of attacking anyone infringing on that law . 
  is the difference significant ? 
  and how are the models calibrated for the speed of transition , family organization is something that takes years to change while economic prosperity can happen almost overnight ( especially with outside capital ), 
  the very large european telescope is already completed at the same site ant this one will be bigger . 
   demographic transition has been painfully slow to occur in sub-saharan africa , it 's more that the civilization transition ( to low child deaths and lower deaths overall ) occurred much faster then in other places . 
  no they have a big share of lack of education , lack of means to support a child , lack of access to anti conception and the most to loose in a unplanned pregnancy so it will hit them the hardest . 
  and then greets 3 other people before trump, 
  japan 's abe did aikido and let hist hand go limp so trump just waved it . 
   that verge on racism and are already xenophobic . 
  at least they verge on funny, 
  do you feel like you need to apologize for the iraq invasion ? 
  because that 's about the same level of connection between all muslims and terror attacks . 
  once you go to the specific community ( mollenbeek ) one came from then you might ask why that community tolerated a violent person . 
  but that 's a bit different and more specific question . 
  they where converted by the xiiith warrior so it makes sense i saw a documentary about it once, 
  uk police come in two varieties , unarmed and fucking armed and trained to shoot straight . 
  of course not because you operate in the only global cultural market in english . 
  no wonder you do n't see a problem since the largest market is your market . 
  the eu has protecting diversity as one of it 's goals and that 's what it does . 
  if the dominant player offered only good quality services in germany while charging the same everywhere else they would be targeted also . 
   economically-liberalizing vs the world and not within . 
  while now it seams the liberation within the single market will continue with some protections of it as whole . 
  they are also popular because they have the highest marketing budgets, 
   one day a storm blew of the canvas covering the radar dome , and it was revealed that it pointed straight at a nearby russian submarine base . 
  russia was less than pleased . 
  strong ( and manly ) russian storm reveals western hypocrisy . 
  and since now we are allies that change will not be to our benefit . 
  why do you think poland always supports ukraine :d, 
  the leopards are already in poland :d, 
  that 's a political decision , the military part needed for enforcement is there ( or at least the core is there ), 
  this one https://eeas.europa.eu/csdp-missions-operations/eunavfor-med_en ? 
  there is also constant propaganda and brainwashing since birth ,  but people there are happy .
