  well we already had a cosmonaut that flew with the soviets it did n't help :d . but i will enjoy poland b a l l on the day that a polish esa cosmonaut goes into space . 
  polish and italian history shows that probably never . 
  off course we expect germans to do better so good luck . 
  right now even with dollars half of them are not green anymore, 
  typhoid written in a nice slavic way, 
  did n't you guys have your own thing just like we had kryszta\u0142y czasu ? 
  or was it just the czechs that played it ? 
  i think it 's this one https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/dra%c4%8d%c3%ad_doup%c4%9b, 
  after world war 2 the date 22 july was celebrated as the national polish rebirth day . 
  it was the day that the soviet manipulated polish committee for national liberation proclaimed a new government and denounced the polish government-in-exile as illegal . 
  this celebration fortunately ended with democratic transformations and solidarity . 
  beside that the other important national holiday is 3rd of may which is constitution day ( the 3rd may constitution specifically , it gets a bit tautological :d https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ) . 
  other then that mostly other people could celebrate independence from us . 
  but i enjoyed a sub thread that said the transylvanians hold all important offices :d, 
  went there , there was just one meme , was very disappointed, 
   the holy trinity is a spirit ( the holy spirit is one of its names even ) , christ is dead and is also now a spirit sitting at gods throne , and god himself is thought to be too complex to understand by humans , so it would fit . 
  pope is supreme but he is still only human that is supposed to communicate with god and not some god himself . 
  you can be christian without those beliefs , just not catholic . 
   there is currently a strong push from the church in the belief of god basically being the creator of the big bang which is what he meant by `` let there be light '' and that the books actual meaning is nowhere near the literal text . 
  this i do n't dispute , aside form ( some ) americans i think all mainstream christian and muslim groups interpret it like that . 
   mind you , im not saying that the two categories are necessary catholic , more that catholicism is trying to expand to keep up with modern life now . 
  hmm i do n't see this here , might be that ways in places where they are weaker . 
  in poland they just claim everybody and an tell them their wrong instead of keeping up with modernity, 
  and i think he will pay for it . 
   would actually be in line with current catholic beliefs wait what , are you suggesting that one might be a catholic without the belief in the holy trinity , christ 's death , resurrection and ascension to heaven , papal supremacy and all the other dogmas of faith ? 
  the church might claim that everybody that believes in some higher force believes in god but is just confused , but that is just a greedy pr move . 
  they try to add weight to their side of the argument by claiming people that are basically undecided . 
  this would be great discussion over some beers :d, 
   lithuania is not even in the list it 's between spain and luxemburg but i was actually talking about estonia :d which in the top 2 ( after czechia and tied with sweden ) of countries not saying there is a god . 
  france is on top with not believing in anything . 
  i had to check for romania but generally all of the `` east '' has compulsory education till about 17 ( - + 1 year ) . 
  the problem is what to do with people that are not abiding by it . 
  if you punish them fiscally then you punish also the child . 
  there is very little welfare compared to germany so there is no carrot to dangle in front of them . 
  the only real way to do it right now is forcefully taking away of children from their parents and putting them into orphanages ( there are not enough foster homes and families for the children already in the system ) . 
  this might be marginally better for the children but life in an orphanage is not exactly fun and there are a lot o problems with abuse in them as well . 
  so the outrage would be to taking like 60-80 % of children from gypsies and raising them in a different culture . 
  that would be seen as culture war and culture extinction . 
  these are not things used lightly , even if in the end every body would be better off ( well this is a overused and and very scary justification do n't you think ) . 
  i like the v4 patches, 
  the inflants ( livonia ) i hear they do n't believe in god there, 
   i mean they are basically 3rd world foreigners that happen to live within your borders . 
  they should be forced into proper living standards for their own good . 
  i agree . 
  but they do n't really make it easy and when it gets hard people get blamed by the west for being racist or just give up on their own accord . 
   slouchy smurfling i thought that was supposed to be montenegro, 
  when it 's cheaper to give a bribe to the conductor then buy a ticket, 
   a direct translation is `` wind closet '' in polish it would be wiatro\u0142ap which is wind catcher . 
  english wiki leads me to believe it should be vestibule . 
  that photo shows some interesting stuff btw . 
  i like the heavy duty rack for drying boots and the little heater above it . 
  1 - i like the arcs but that lion ( lion ? ), 
  looks like its throwing up . 
  a bit like the finish retarded lion 2 - looks like an orphanage logo 6 - that 's a minsk refrigerator logo :d 4 and 7 are very nice :d, 
  there is a saying in poland `` if you have a soft heart you need a hard ass '', 
  useless mild inconvenience, 
  nobody really want 's lviv , some people maybe would like polish lw\u00f3w back but that city does not exist anymore ( like konigsberg ) and we moved on . 
  a city is not just the buildings but also the people and ties between them . 
  the only times i 've heard talk about taking lw\u00f3w was when drunk and it was mentioned along taking the kremlin again :d more as a joke . 
  think of it like british sometimes trying to be cheeky and calling usasians colonials . 
  its probably more funny when the `` colonials '' are so much stronger . 
  also i 've seen two facebook pages supporting the take back of lw\u00f3w and wilno but they reeked so much of russian provocation that people were laughing at them including comments that we are very happy that russian trolls learned so good polish . 
  well winter time makes sense if you work as a farmer or construction because you need the light . 
  that 's why you move it so that you have more daytime in early morning up to the usual work end . 
  if you work in an office or any service job it 's to early . 
   why settle on winter time like i said i do n't care just settle on one  i live in us , it 's a general issue . 
  even better almost all of us ( excluding alaska ) is more south then romania . 
  so it 's even less of an issue :d , spoiled southerns , check your latitude etc. 
  ;d basically if you live far enough north that you have problems with the length of the day then the 1 hour time change makes a difference in like like 1 week in nov and 1 week feb. . and if it makes a difference during more time in the year then you probably do n't really need the change . 
  then settle on winter time . 
  heh you already get one hour more by living in romania , do n't be greedy . 
  beside you move the time 1 hour backwards in the winter so you get one less hour of sun light after work . 
  no i just hate the useless hour change and the chaos it produces i do n't really care which one we use . 
  lighting is only 14 % of energy consumption in europe http://ec.europa.eu/environment/ecoap/about-eco-innovation/good-practices/eu/421_en.htm and will even less once led lights become more popular/better . 
  also like you said just like with daylight saving do n't get more hours of daylight in the morning in poland the day in the winter is barely long enough for a work day however you slice it . 
  the cost of doing business through timezones is higher than any savings you could get . 
  the polish most important trade partner remains germany that will probably not change in the foreseeable future and having to do cross border time change would be useless work . 
  ok so i still have to visit slovenia and albania and greece so no comment on them . 
  also have not visited the black sea coast when in bulgaria and romania . 
  everything is biased and probably not fair of course ;p . generally very nice places all of them for varying degrees of nice . 
  by which i mean if you are into all-inclusive greek island or egyptian coast vacations do n't leave the croatian coast ( and think about your priorities because your idea of vacation is boring ) . 
  the rest of the balkans will give you some form of adventure mostly in the organization department . 
  the people are friendly and in no place i 've been i felt unsafe ( compared to home , cities are cities do n't be stupid ) . 
  the cuisine is very nice but will wreck your belt line ( except bulgaria were they have some really nice salads ) . 
  favorite is still bosnian cevapi ( with freesh onions ) and burek ( serbian deep dish burek close second ) . 
  the sweets are mostly to sweet for me so stick to turska kafa ( turkish coffe ) with ratluk/lukum/rahatlukum ( turkish delight ) . 
  as to specifics : croatia - the coast is very developed and beautiful just has too many tourists :d bosnia - is not a war torn country and was not one 10 years ago when i was there . 
  felt a bit behind the curve on development compared to poland then but unfortunately from everything i 've read stuff has n't really moved forward ( economically or politically the eu accession talks have stalled and the politicians seem happy to use ethnic animosities to keep themselves in power in their respective constituencies ) . 
  still my favorite but that may be because i spent most time there . 
  serbia - the bad beating boy . 
  they lost the pr battle during the breakup of yu and are not happy about it . 
  mostly seen belgrade and i liked it , very nice to go to a party . 
  kalemegdan is nice . 
  montenegro - did n't go podgorica and went through the coast and to cetinie . 
  kotor is one of the most beautiful places i 've been too , go up the mountain just before sunrise to see a nice view , also the guy that charges entrance fee seemed to come work at 8 an there was no gate :d . highland spirit , hearty cooking . 
  macedonia - if you have limited time you can skip skopje , ohrid and bitola are nice . 
  bulgaria - very quickly seen sofia and plovdiv both worth it . 
  romania - transylvanian very nice , bucharest only if you like communist architecture ( i have too much at home :d but bucharest is probably top 5 in the world ) all in all i have not been disappointed anywhere and have a positive story about every place i 've visited . 
  also the music is very nice , i still like sevdah and there are some very nice rock bands . 
   it 's romania 's fault - they want to steal our glory ... or something i think that they already took something some time ago :d,
