  except they do since the gas deals are for many years ( polish one is till 2022 and was signed some time in the late 90s ) . 
  they face arbitration ( usually in western european nations ) if they stop transfers without a reason . 
  but if it 's technical difficulties then there is no problem . 
  europolgaz controls the polish part of the pipe , it ' owned by 49 % by poland and 49 % by gazprom . 
  it 's statue and the gas deal with russia set 's a maximum profit of a few mln z\u0142 that is not usually payed out to the owners . 
  basically it runs at a no-profit basis just to cover the costs . 
   how do you intend to use this leverage against russia . 
  the point is russia will not attack the vital infrastructure in ukraine ( or any other enighbour ) as long as gas for germany flows through it . 
  now with ns2 we can expect sudden `` technical problems '' on the russian owned pipes in the winter and if stuff gets hot the pipes will start to explode mysteriously . 
  poland does not take any money for transfer of gas through it 's territory and ukraine only takes gas in barter . 
  6 has the holly paint roller, 
  probably as a novelty thing, 
  like you did with the vasa ? 
   metro-style service as usual with such claims `` metro style '' means `` not a fucking metro '' there is carlin quote for that but i ca n't find it right now . 
  it 's actually a western analogy . 
  since there still some polish stuff in stockholm 's museums you can have our ships . 
  when you punish the white hats the only thing you achieve is that people will go straight for the black hat . 
  you do n't ? 
  that 's what 's on the screen on the braking news banner in one article of the law it say the supreme court has the competence to select 3 candidates for it 's chairman and send them to the president while in another that details the process it says that the court selects 5 candidates and sends the to the president . 
  this is the real reason why we have a slow moving judicial system the lawmakers produce crappy laws that take a lot of work to interpret . 
  [ cat person ] ( https://www.counter-currents.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/the-cat-in-the-hands-of-pervy-donald-pleasance-in-you-only-live-twice-1967.png ), 
  the breaking news is that in their hurry they fucked up and passed two conflicting amendments . 
  i actually though about the union station in ny, 
  looks like train station :d , protestants need more color in your lives, 
   cork is slowly being phased out though . 
  i think it 's only phased out relatively . 
  since the production of wines and other stuff closed with cork rises and cork production does not . 
  in the myth the wings worked great , it 's the pilot that fucked up . 
  is the first one the one with the wooden benches ? 
  sure no problem :d, 
  they are a bit more socially liberal then pis only because pis are hardcore catholic . 
  the last time anything left wing was ruling poland was 2005 ( and the postcommunists then where almost neolibereal economically , the problem was they where also corrupt as fuck ) . 
  now there is not a single left wing party in the parliament . 
   however i do know that people were very angry at them . 
  some people where very angry , but most of their supporters got dissatisfied because stable growth for 8 years is too little so now we get exiting times . 
  po where not perfect and there are many things to criticize but at least get your facts straight . 
   rampant corruption and failed socialist policies . 
  where do you get that that info ? 
  po is are right wing christian-conservatives that where more liberal economically then pis . 
  pis won the election with their socialist policy plans ( welfare for every child , building cheap housing , investing public money in industry and banks ), 
  will the federal government intervene or does this have to be challenged in the courts . 
  but this would require and actual public discussion and trial before 2 chambers of the legislature for each case . 
  and not just starting with throwing everybody out at the discretion of the attorney general ( our minister of justice ) . 
  and us politicians are not directly subservient to the chief of the party ( it 's hard to really find one leader ) while in poland most of them are nobody outside the party and especially in pis they serve at the whim of the chairman . 
  they rubber stamp everything especially nominations . 
  that 's why we need super majorities ( 3/5 2/3 ) on most of the important stuff . 
  when we have 200 years of peaceful transmission of power and government that did n't break the constitution just last year when replacing the constitutional tribunal judges i 'll be the first to support it . 
  but we do n't so other mechanisms need to be present that stop over reach for now . 
  in the 2011 election they used to talk about budapes in warsaw , fortunately then they lost . 
   the us has politically appointed justices . 
  are they also dismissed politically before their term ends ? 
   po tried to push in illegally 5 justices at the end of their term for their own political gain . 
  they only tried to push through two illegally , 3 where legal . 
  and yes that was undemocratic and judged illegal by the constitutional tribunal . 
  you need just one but he will need to work half a year for the city , land and federal permits, 
   it simply exchanged one corrupted fools with another bunch i think you forgot how the 90 's looked . 
  those where the corrupt we got rid of . 
   hey !, 
  how you doing ? 
   where are you from and how are argentinians seen in your country ? 
  poland football , tango , beef , huge financial crisis  what 's the best place to visit on holidays ? 
  depends on what you want , for sun and sea the mediterranean . 
  for temperate forests and lakes try central and eastern europe . 
  for history there is something everywhere but missing paris or rome would be a loss . 
   what 's the best food on the continent ? 
  depends on what you want , france and italy do have probably most to offer but everyplace has at least something . 
  the more north and east you go the more hearty it gets , great to eat in the winter and as comfort food . 
  especially when there are dishes that traveled through the continent through history and changed a bit on each border . 
   where can you find the prettiest women in europe ? 
  east of the oder :d . 
   mercosur great idea , needs a lot of work . 
  as long as the local politics will be on the same level as now it will be hard to get a working compromise . 
  not mentioning ~ ~ germany ~ ~ brazil problem , it dominates the rest of the countries by it 's size . 
  but it 's better to start the work now even if it 's going very slowly . 
   and how do you compare yourselves to other economic powers like us and china ? 
  up to 2 years ago we have been the biggest market in the world ( by value ) , us just passed us and now we are second ( and will remain second after brexit ) . 
  depends on where you are . 
  the east has still a lot to do to reach european level prosperity , the south needs to get back on track . 
  we play in the same league ( if you count the whole eu ) , but there is no doubt the us is first and and china is gaining fast . 
   i 'd like to tell you that it 's all good if you come to my country , drink my wine , have sex with my females , and eat all my meat . 
  please keep this in mind when you see a fellow argentine around your lands . 
  sure the same to you ( just ask the women first if they also want you , will work best with a strong accent )  what do you think of populism ? 
  will be our end . 
   edit - * love with the way russian girls look < 3 sure even sworn enemies of russia do n't deny that :d, 
   floodlights at the base of the building ? 
  like this http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/c/b/4/3808436/a34f0a45-078f-43ab-9cf4-e0e3e2e6935b_v0_h.jpg without the floodlights it 's a black monolith with red lights which i think it 's even better . 
  i do n't think there is anything that stops ( or heightens the cost of ) selling games , especially since the main way of doing so would be by steam ( based in the us ) or gog ( based in cyprus ), 
   why ca n't the polish worker offer his services so that the client can benefit from a lower price ? 
  all of my friends that went into something close to shipbuilding work either in sweden or norway . 
  in fact there would probably be more of them but there are no more shipbuilders in poland to send there . 
  the swede made the same ( or even worse ) website . 
  the main difference is that he sold it in a market that has higher purchasing power . 
  he 's not more productive he 's client is wealthier ( and prefers to work with someone close to home ) . 
  that 's the main point against measuring productivity with gdp/per work . 
  not that i can give you some better measurement :d, 
  pis cronies will not have more hours in the day to work nor will they have more courts or staff . 
  this law changes nothing about the slowness of our system . 
  that music at the start, 
  and it probably is not healthy either . 
  i 've seen some dutch here complaining about the over glorification of the voc mentality .
