  well the `` the only ship her class '' says it all :d . they even tried it on cargo ships but it did n't stick https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_marine_propulsion#merchant_ships, 
   kirov battlecruisers hmm did no know about these , they seem a strange design but sources are lacking . 
  but because of other reasons . 
  nuclear vessels are expensive to build , maintain and later decommission , you do n't use the because you can , you use them when they fit your need . 
  the russians also have multiple nuclear icebreakers because it makes sense to use them . 
  because its half the size ( displacement wise ) , americans did n't put nuclear reactors on similar class ships . 
   even with my german superpowers like organisation , planning and efficency i thought that only applied to states with protestant work ethic . 
  you are right , though it liked to him as part of the template but it 's only the ones he actually named when he came up with the scheme . 
   cevapcici trucks on every corner !!, 
  not in karlskrona and surroundings , i suppose the large cities are better . 
   i 'd kill for some cevapcici and gyros ... 
  i know what you mean . 
  he always comes up as the most influential man in the world when you use the `` mentioning '' metric and use wikipedia as a base since he is mentioned on the page of every species . 
  the ground is female , it 's mother russia not father russia . 
   swedish ** food ** , ( ... ) so bland compared to ours !, 
  on this topic they have a point . 
  you have to pass a law that all the bosnian families have to set up a food cart or a restaurant . 
  italy won ww1 yet ended up with fascism all the same like germany who lost . 
  winning a being worse for it might be just as bad as loosing . 
  what saved the rest of ee is that most ( with significant help from the eu ) managed to be better off in the end . 
  interesting . 
  it 's still one hell of involuntary career change . 
  the multi story building are already insulated ( 30 cm styrofoam all around ) it 's been done in the 2000 's to save on heating cos. 
  most of heating in cities comes from co-generation plants and they mostly use coal . 
  it might be hard to switch to renewables when we still get weeks in winter when the plants are using up whole coal trains each day . 
  imagine your career is european relations , your experience is in european institutions you maybe have 15 years of practice behind you finally you are getting ahead of the curve your long work payed off and you get some middle management position . 
  now you get the news that not only will you loose your job probably in two years , your whole industry is being closed and everybody you worked with that is also from brattain will also loose their job then . 
  this very stressful from a personal development point of view , not mentioning that assuming you believed the the eu idea you just saw you country shoot itself in the foot on dare . 
  i think he means things like cheques , low adoption of chip-pin cards ( btw how is the adoption of paypass/paywave cards ) , internet backing straight out of the 90s ( late 90s but still ) , not mentioning scams like wells fargo . 
  what a the eu needs is an internal competitive market for innovative projects in space and defense . 
  if it started with a eu darpa great or a version of nasa 's cots and ccdev programs it would be great . 
  will no eat kebab but will probably eat some nice pork cevapi . 
   caravel i would n't . 
  the support costs would kill you . 
  good luck finding replacement hemp ropes and getting entry permits for places you actually want to visit with tar filling holes between the boards . 
  not mentioning unless you quickly get a crew to sail and maintain it full time it would rot . 
  it 's clearly rolling ( sailing ? ), 
  coal . 
  so far if remember right it was used to find russian porn actresses on vk and harass them . 
  so did i as a pole but it seams western europe knows better . 
  anything close to the tax rate . 
  why?because non multinationals pay that . 
   in what world do you think poland or hungary would n't veto turkish membership ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't know about hungary but in poland nobody really cares . 
  there is the whole `` fuck muslims '' but nobody expects the turks to come here . 
  while poland did historically fight quite a bit with the ottomans it was mostly over other countries ( wallachia and moldavia , the closest they came to occupying polish land was southern ukraine ) and later russia was a very nice mutual enemy . 
  the only real reason would that anatolia would dump eu subsidy threshold but we hope to mostly be over the lower ones before turkey has any chance to join ( ~ 10 years ) . 
  greece , romania or bulgaria on the other seem more likely candidates . 
  there is nothing `` news worthy '' happening now . 
  no referendums no early elections , no imminent looming bankruptcy . 
  and people got bored of what is happening , `` another protest ? 
  i do n't remember a month without a large protest in greece since 2006 '' , `` migrant riots ? 
  again ? '' . 
  greece is in for a miserable decade and nothing seams to be possible to change it ( of the things eu is willing try ) . 
  you know i always wondered about those pictures . 
  if i was pretending to be someone i 'm not i would try to not be in too many pictures that cast doubt on my story . 
  curiosity is literally the largest man made object that landed outside the moon and earth . 
  everything is ghetto compared to it . 
  one tanker oil spill coming right up, 
   the infrastructure will have to be replaced at some point . 
  it wears down , it gets outdated . 
  it is a choice not to do it now . 
  not entirely budget neutral , but far more than you imply . 
  the infrastructure is already crumbling and a failure to have any policy in that regard fall on the last 10 years of polish government . 
  even building new coal plants would be more ecological that the sleepwalking that is happening now . 
  there is no defense for that a we will pay for it in the next 5-10 years when polish energy supply becomes more expensive and less reliable . 
   that is enough for germany , it could be enough for the v4 . 
  germany mainly uses solar in the south , and wind in the north and even that causes a lot of problems with huge loads transferred on lines not built for it ( some of it going all the way around through poland ) . 
  beside that the energy prices in germany are twice the ones in poland because of it . 
  this is far from neutral . 
  of the v4 only hungary has good potential for renewables and i agree they should really invest in solar . 
   besides there is thought to be a large potential for fracking in poland . 
  supposedly , everybody was very exited 8 years ago but that potential turned out to be overly optimistic . 
  and once you put on european environmental protection standards on top instead of the american `` we 'll regulate it when something happens '' it quickly became apparent that foreign capital is not really interested for the small returns and the drop of price of gas after 2008 made developing polish technology and know-how unattractive compared to building a lng terminal which is finished now . 
  nobody so far found any large deposits that could be exploited so this potential remains potential . 
  tl ; dr should v4 be investing in renewables . 
  yes . 
  is it stupid expecting the same speed and amount of investment as western europe that already has it 's other infrastructure in order . 
  also yes . 
   i think it comes down to visegrad not wanting to spend that money it comes down to not having the money to spend . 
  also other resources poland ( i do n't have details on the rest of v4 ) for example is poor in water , sun and wind . 
  this makes the alternatives expensive not only compared to the money poland has it makes it that they are more expensive then in other places in europe . 
  putting it all on some dislike for the environment and greed is missing the point ( though we do have problems with that and with general environmental consciousness but it is far from consensus and going in the right direction ) . 
   in the visegrad group their domestic consensus it is ? 
  the only place where it is that clear cut is upper silesia where a lot of it is located . 
  it appears to be a new us fad ( as similar thing happened multiple times in multiple places in the us ) that has spread through the internet to sweden ( or wherever that swed was stabbed i do n't care enough to read the article ), 
  not unless you want to win local elections in elblag, 
   ceo of the crown i might use this in a sci-fi work of fiction . 
  if you want to only split by oceans i prefer this one http://hexnet.org/files/images/hexnet/dymaxion-map.png, 
  no billionaires in the ussr , the tu-144 was grounded even before the end of the cold war . 
  also it had a really bad flight record with a lot of failures and almost crashes . 
  lot of info here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tupolev_tu-144#reasons_for_failure_and_cancellation, 
  wiki says 16 built , ~ 50 commercial flights with passengers and ~ 50 cargo over 6 years of service . 
  someone forgot the tu-144, 
  with polish trains you get what you pay for . 
  the cheapest option is the cheapest in europe ( west and south of poland that i 've seen , including bih and serbia ) . 
  but you can always pay twice as much for ic and get wifi and sockets or since last year ( last two years ? ), 
  go on pendolino trains that 4x the price . 
  you must have visited just before wroclaw train station was completely renovated in about 2010 ( - + 2 years ) .
