  then why have it at all , the point of two chambers is for them to represent different slices through the population ( usually opinion and territory ) if both are proportional then you just get to vote twice with the same expected result . 
  do you think any change in demographics would change the climate , mineral wealth or distance from markets ? 
  would look great being besieged by orcs, 
   how do nuclear plants stand as targets for terrorism and war ? 
  they stand as hard targets , with security , both infrastructural in the form of concrete and social in the form of workers and police . 
  you are much better to target a chemical plant a mine or any other large industrial installation if you are interested in contamination or dams if you want body count . 
  in case of war all power plants are soft targets for a competent enemy . 
  really like all of this , but that name is maximum cringe, 
  when was the spree drained or moved ? 
  i would expect a project of this size to get mentioned here . 
  but you hold the high ground, 
  in transport it depends on the city while pkp is mismanaged from the top by political appointees, 
  i think you underestimated germany 's power in a system that promotes compromise and backroom deals . 
  south stream was investigated by the commission for breaking eu rules because gazprom ( the producer ) owned 50 % of it while nord stream did n't get investigated and it has a 51 % share there . 
  the only difference between the two is that one involved germany ( the other partners are the same ) . 
  the point is not germany dominating others , but using it slightly larger influence in to benefit only itself and then acting all high and righteous when other try to do the same thing . 
  why ? 
  there are clear benefits for all of the eu including germany to exist for the member states that do n't conflict . 
  it 's that the german governments tend to be on some nefarious plan to do only stuff that benefits them . 
  it 's just that they are competent and germany is powerful enough that they can force a solution good for germany when the opposition is not unified . 
  it 's only natural . 
   yes , even the ones that have polish names are foreign-owned . 
  \u017babka , a chain of convenience stores , is owned by a portuguese company . 
  zabka was owned by slovakian company and sold of to a british fund . 
  you are thinking of biedronka owned by jer\u00f3nimo martins ( also wtf `` founded 1792 '' that 's some old colonial money ), 
  i 'm just telling what the argument is . 
  i did not say a fully agree with it . 
  it 's not as clear cut as some people try to claim , though there is enough of a grain of truth to it to mention it . 
  the gulf stream moves closer to nyc then to italy by a 1000 km and only touches finland by time it 's already deep int he arctic circle . 
  though you are right that it keeps a lot of northern europe habitable . 
  northern italy does not have mediterranean climate but the same humid subtropical climate that nyc has . 
  i just checked the mean temps on wiki of my examples and florence is a bit warmer ( 1 c ) but turin is a bit colder ( again 1 c ) then nyc . 
  yeah but the ns decisions where from 2005 and the ns 2 decisions started in 2013 both very before pis was in power ( in case of 2005 it was 3 weeks before the elections ) . 
  so that 's what we got with good polish-german relations . 
   makes a certain sense for us to bypass you guys here ( aka making us independent to threats ) , would n't you agree ? 
  of course it makes sense for germany in any configuration . 
  but that 's probably the main argument that when germany want 's something then solidarity is needed but when other countries want something germany does what 's best for itself . 
  schr\u00f6der becoming a chairman of the board of nord stream ag after he was instrumental in creating it is just icing on the cake . 
  pis not telling the whole story as they are responsible for not going into the project when it as being built ( and not joining the opal pipeline later ) which would not be ideal but would be better for poland then the situation we are in now but they did it to not stab ukraine in the back right after the orange revolution . 
  all in all the solution is the energy union and improving the internal eu gas network because that would give eu a better negotiation position with russia would and it would stop poland from getting the short end of the stick . 
  but that 's only been working since 2015 , concentrating on renewables first and there still is a lot of work to do . 
  it 's probably gon na be another 5-10 years before we can say that it is able to alleviate polish fears if it succeeds . 
   what stops the polish or hungarian railways to become competitive on foreign markets ? 
  nothing but itself . 
  what stops the polish/hungarian posts to become competitive with dhl and fedex ? 
  nothing . 
  there is nothing worth a damn in poland in the state companies you mention but there is private competition that is doing innovative work and doing quite good the problem is usually capital . 
  even if they have good ideas they need foreign capital to implement them and end up as foreign owned companies . 
  one of the biggest retail success in poland `` biedronka '' discount chain was created by polish hands but with portuguese money . 
  since the gas travels first to germany russia can cut the supply then germany would have to lower it 's own consumption for there to be any gas left to send to poland also the gas system is not really that connected , a lot of the pipes do n't have technical capabilities to send the gas in the opposite direction and russia regularly put 's non reselling clauses into contracts . 
  the point is you have a party on the ferry also :d, 
  it 's mostly poland clashing with poland and law and justice clashing with law . 
  anything on the eu front is just a side show to domestic politics . 
  no clayton is a much better place to grow grapes on all counts . 
  the finish wine apparently is not made from grapes at all but other berries that grow there which makes more sense . 
   ( yes there are wineries in finland ) do they actually make wine from grapes ? 
  all my googling leads mo to fruit wine . 
  edit : i now saw your answer to another comment that confirms it , so thanks :d, 
  those charts shows that clayton is on average 4 deg warmer all year , though it has a bit harsher winter lows during two months and this totally misses the sun , that 's still northern italy in terms of insolation ( turin is 45 n ), 
  chess is 3d = 2d board + time ( moves ), 
  ny is on the latitude of florence - northern italy , while helsinki ( south tip of finland ) is just shy of anchorage ( 60 n vs 61 n ) . 
  from karskrona when you want more then two 0.5 l bottles of vodka it 's cheaper to buy a ticket on the ferry and buy it in poland . 
  you can blame both , one is guilty of fraud the other of negligence . 
  clearly it is a local variation specific for the market , just like the worse quality food in the east . 
  most of europe votes for right wing parties why do you think epp is the largest party in the ep . 
  the thing is the vote for center right parties and not ones further right . 
  in poland the starting trend was everybody went for a few months time to come back and was replaced by another one . 
  iirc now the trend is 10-25k opt for long term stay (  12 months ) in the eu each year . 
  about half as much migrate into poland from the eu ( either coming back from a longer stay or migrants from other eu nations ) so it looks like about 1 % of poles in eu opt for staying permanently ( at least as much as more mobile people that are willing to move to another country define staying permanently since almost nobody really needs permanent residence in the eu ) . 
  source polish statistics office ( data is available in english and probably also thru eurostat ) http://stat.gov.pl/download/gfx/portalinformacyjny/pl/defaultaktualnosci/5515/3/10/1/rocznik_demograficzny_2016.pdf, 
  because poles already went there en masse, 
   he uk , germany , spain and italy pissed away billions in developing the typhoon/eurofighter while the french have a perfectly capable multi-purpose jet in the rafael . 
  you know that france was part of the eurofighter program at the start and there might have not been a rafaele without that ( at least it would look different ) . 
  they pulled out after a lot work has been done because they wanted a different plane then other european countries ( ie . 
  carrier capable ) and one produced in a greater proportion in french companies . 
  you have a great point , but that example is not really supporting it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2fsxp6n-vs the only thing that changed is that cameron is out of the picture . 
  because it 's after dien bien phu :d, 
  just look at eu+efta maps since that 's basically what you described . 
   lmao has there ever been a better european ally in all of fucking history ? 
  and yet you 're still just so ... hateful against us despite it critical is not hatefull, 
  i really like that list of priorities . 
  if this is kept not only as a pr statement but also as real guiding light of policy then it would easily cover important concerns of a vast majority of europeans . 
  this declaration brings me hope for the future . 
  i have to say the depiction of turkey as a woman in 1920 's dress with a laurel wreath is probably in my top 5 of countries personifications . 
  good job i 'm exited for turkish secularism . 
  op is just worst in europe at resolution . 
  some spanish guys got you covered http://chaosorc.com/images/280257.jpg http://www.dragonesycastillos.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/infinity-novedades-dic12-03.jpg https://assets.corvusbelli.net/store/images/products/280244-0268-military-order-sectorial-starter-pack.jpg https://assets.corvusbelli.net/store/images/products/280281-0550-seraphs-military-order-armored-cavalry.jpg, 
   some social media users , however , speculated that municipality workers forgot to turn off the announcement system of the loudspeaker while watching a porn movie . 
  this sure look plausible though i 'm waiting for erdowhaaaan to declare this a eu conspiracy and a hacking attack . 
  yeah i think suburbs should get another designation in that statistic . 
  if you live in a village 30 min from the city center connected directly to the public transport network and filled with apartment buildings then counting it in the same category as farmers does not really give good information, 
   i do n't know , why you get downvoted . 
  wine purists that value terroir more then i do :d i have no problem finding wines that i like ( from americas , south africa , australia and caucasus ) i just find the main european ones ( french and italian ) so poorly labeled i ca n't be bothered . 
  most of the italian ( and french since i belive their systems are simialar ) labels i 've seen are as helpful as this : http://winefolly.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/how-to-read-an-italian-wine-label.jpg the only information i get out of that without consulting outside sources or testing a few dozens of similarly named wines is that it is red . 
  i want something on the label that would allow me to buy italian wine without consulting a chart like this : http://winefolly.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/italian-red-wines1.png, 
   the grape , basically a description of the grape , or it 's larger family , the specific variety is to detailed to be useful for me without diving really into it . 
   winemeister yeah i doubt there is really a market for it here ( based on the consumption maps in the other thread ) but it kind of proves my point , you need more info then is on the bottle . 
  a good working app could make it acceptable , but that is a lot of work really for something that could be on the bottle from the start especially since it 's not really changing . 
   i am pretty sure you got at least one wine shop in the area that will be more than happy to help , there are tons of wine shops but are either outside of my price range or do n't know their shit so i might as well get it in the supermarket ( the large ones even have better choice ) .
