  yeah those are probably not very represented in poland they count maybe on 15-20 % ( got 13 % last election but 18 % before that ) and since it 's divided between multiple parties they now need to fight to get past the threshold . 
  progressive parties will be a niche for some time still , i thought it would become better soon ( 5-10 years ) but the current rise of `` patriotic youth '' and `` conservative youth '' stopped that . 
  though i think this just might just the current counter culture , poland has been moving in the more liberal direction for the better part of the last 25 years so the natural youth rebellion pushes them in the conservative direction . 
  i hope like all movements like that it will pass . 
   ( forgive me if i consider pis a right wing party , given their rhetoric ) they are very conservative socially , that makes them right wing in poland , but economically they are a mixed bag . 
  they like to say solidarity instead of socialism and taking care of instead of handouts , they also have fractions that are closer to neocons economicaly or even proponents of adopting elements chinese style state controlled capitalism ( or a more french style if you want something closer to home since france has an unusual size government sector in europe ) . 
  poland has no left or center left parties in parliament right now , unless you thing the agrarian peasants party is one ( they are true neutral and only care about the power :d ) . 
  well in nato you have the option to specialize , since almost all of your neighbors soon will be treaty allies you can develop capabilities that are always in need by allies and pull your weight that way . 
  that was the plan for all of the small nato states after the cold war ended . 
  you can have an oversized field hospital component , or higher number of nbc units . 
  this is attractive since you can invest money directly into personnel with skills that are useful in peacetime ( doctors or chemical protection units ) and into buying locally produced stuff ( since setting up a chain to produce good gas masks or hospital tens and similar equipment is well withing your means ) . 
  this of course means that you will be at a disadvantage outside of nato , but that is the price of pooling resources . 
  they actually bought the f-104 ( and even older fs in the 50s ) and leased 34 f-16 between 2004 and 2012, 
   the f-16 and f-35 are separated by decades of technological and design development and they probably share exactly zero components . 
  though they are connected by the culture that designed them and the requirements of the dod which ten to prefer similarity since that lessens costs of retraining . 
  they mighth not share parts but they will share methods of installing parts , maintenance procedures and generally be more similar to each other then to any non american fighter . 
  you might like someone yet still see their faults . 
  you ally because what you share is more important than what divides you . 
  also it 's just a phrase , you can say what you want about europeans but they ( we ) do n't pull punches when commenting on allies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_37_viggen#origins last paragraph of the chapter , there are more sources in swedish there . 
  i remember reading more about it bu ca n't really find anything now . 
  the draken and grippen also use ( d ) licensed built engines ( rols-roys and ge respectively ) . 
  though they all involved various levels of change done by the swedes and are arguably the hardest parts to make in a modern jet fighter . 
  china has years of development , probably bilions in r&d , the actual plans and engines yet their versions are still inferior to the russian built ones . 
  all in all great aircraft , and really nice looking ( especially the derpy draken , the dart like viggen , grippen is really conventional compared to the rest ) . 
  also is the result of secret ( then ) technology transfers from the us that allowed them to get current ( then ) engine technology . 
   retarded fucking monkeys i would say we are quite brilliant apes . 
  still only apes . 
  it 's like i 'm looking on ticket to ride : europe, 
  yeah that was golden . 
  yeah , i assumed only the really western part is really populated , serves me right for not checking to make sure . 
  every time i see something about the portuguese president he does something great . 
  i assumed that the parts bordering kazakhstan would be `` nobody cares '' instead of the north . 
   people already when the usa came about . 
  but at the moment of independence it was barely there and the process started before that . 
   but this idea of encouraging people to rally around a european identity seems forced imho , because if the eu is successful that in itself will bring people to that realization . 
  if your founding fathers held that belief the might not be a usa now . 
  they wrote about creating the american nation through conscious effort ( join or die ) . 
  similarly to how a lot of nation acquired/rebuilt their identity during the spring of nations while under various imperial rule . 
  i 've seen people organizing something pro eu on reddit ever since brexit . 
  that 's enough time to brainstorm some branding and organize some printing . 
  if it was for/against something that was fresh then sure you would have a point . 
  but even grassroots movements either organize and start to produce some marketing that goes above `` we are angry '' or they die quickly . 
  was the bill cosby show brainwahing ? 
  earth is slowly evolving ion engines to get out of here, 
  my point was about the level of support offered . 
  edit : compared to the other states mentioned . 
   and they 're backing the serbia-kosovo dispute literally as much as spain , greece or romania spain did not send propaganda trains into serbia , greece did not donate them mig 29s and romania does not have a military base in serbia . 
  well he delivers , maybe not always what he promised and never on time but always at least a step forward . 
  it 's easy to generate hype if you do that you just have to make it a spectacle of the reveals . 
  but it was usually the first mandatory foreign language taught while now it is english . 
   coalition of the ( brave and ) willing , bringing civilization poles would bomb poland if it meant us security guarantees against russia . 
  the drunken stag parties did probably more to hurt the image of british people . 
  it 's not the existence of copyright it 's the length of it , it 's 70 years from the death of the author or 95 from publication if made for hire . 
  it 's gon na be extended again as soon as steamboat willy hits that time . 
  these are not reasonable lengths and they went far over their reason to exist ( promoting the creation of more works ) . 
   lol , ok let 's take people who escape from famine . 
  famine does not follow yo , u there are much better ways to combat famine them moving the people , you can move the food there . 
  like this http://domdogorynogami.pl/img_mini2.php?img=13154293846427.jpg, 
  do n't count your chickens we are still at month 4 of trump, 
  well they did n't do so well swtiching sides between the first and second balkan war, 
  lukashenko showed us that isolation does not work . 
  what would you like to happen ? 
  cutting ties with serbia will mostly hurt serbians not vukic . 
  all of the not failed ones already joined, 
  our failure is top down . 
  the actual places where it is suposed to be built have higher support then the rest of poland . 
  austria confirmed balkans :d, 
  native speaker accents are like disabilities . 
  it 's rude to laugh at them , they were raised that way . 
  maybe i can , but it 's rude for you to take them out of my life, 
  * addidasy - sport shoes * polar - fleece jackets ( or just the fleece material ) * pampersy - disposable diapers ( used 50/50 with just pieluchy * superglue/kropelka - cyanoacrilate glue there are not that much i think . 
  nice place , positively surprised . 
  bucharest seemed skipable . 
  your ice cave is broken . 
  well they are more united and they do n't have such a problem with oligarchs so if they chose a sensible reform course towards democracy they would face less challenges . 
  they also do n't have any conflicts with anybody nor border disputes . 
  never read the polish one , but this one even has a diagram showing the channel islands ( wyspy normandzkie ) as not part of british isles ( wyspy brytyjskiej ) https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wyspy_brytyjskie_ ( nazewnictwo ) i checked a few other random wikis and the german , spanish and croatian do n't consider them part of british isles while french ( of all places ) , serbian and swedish do ( although they have the same disclaimer as the english version ) . 
   , although the latter are not physically a part of the archipelago . 
  yeah well if it 's not part of the archipelago then it 's not part of the archipelago :d maybe we should stop mixing geographical terms with geopolitical terms would make this easier :d, 
  but jersey and guernsey are the chanel islands, 
  your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  australian 3 . 
  new zealandish native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  dutch 3 . 
  swedish well i should be honored that it thinks i 'm native of one of the three groups that speak the best english but on the other hand i talk like a criminal . 
  you do n't need to have the water going all the time when you use the sponge . 
  i 'm hoping for 2022, 
  the best thing about american exceptionalism is it 's not that exceptional . 
  most countries that experienced a golden age of unparalleled success have fallen into the trap of thinking they are in some ways fundamentally better then their neighbors at about that time . 
  it sometimes is not even completely divorced from reality since there is some thing about their culture or position that brought them to that high place . 
  one thing is sure thought that the us enjoys the most advantageous geopolitical position in the world and tremendous natural wealth . 
  not only it has the largest single piece of arable land in the world it also has half the worlds river transport routes and energy resources that allow it to be energy independent . 
  this will probably allow it to maintain that golden age for longer then previous contenders . 
  i also ensures that the society built in the us will remain unique since other places trying to copy it will undoubtedly face shortages in one these areas . 
  what has to be noted that even with all those advantages americans to their have utilized them well . 
  the society seeded with the best the enlightenment had to offer and carefully groomed has grown into a far from perfect but quite functional mature construct . 
   based on that , i 'm not exactly sure where we belong ... that 's easy , the balkans :d,
