  funny that the same word when written in cyrilic gets a russian accent in my head . 
   soldiers guarding the tomb of the unknown soldier and other locations would be unable to defend themselves from an assilant using a firearm well they can always use the the live fire barrel then , it 's a modular system for a reason . 
  beside do you expect any attackers in with guns in central warsaw , i do n't . 
  most of what our representative battalion does is parading and shooting in the air where accidentally using live ammo would just endanger the public . 
  their work as performers , they are not defending the country . 
  a circus unit gets circus guns . 
   why more people are not butthurt that polish soldiers are equiped with imitations of guns instead of a real rifle polish soldiers are equipped with beryls and since msbs is 1 year late already and probably will be late another 1-2 years , they will be using them for some time ( they ordered 25k new ones ) . 
   sucks as a modern service rifle and only fires blanks in the standard configuration . 
  by design , to lessen the possibility of accidents . 
  they also have blunt sabers so they do n't cut each others hands by accident . 
  what did you expect from a representative model ? 
  the r model replaced old skss which also suck as modern rifles . 
  yeah i just checked and it seems they are still doing some final research so they are not ready to compete . 
  hmmm i 've read last year that the new polish msbs will be competing , do you know whether it was n't down selected or if they just chose not to compete ? 
  heh the polish militar when upgrading 72 's went with a sensible year scheme and we got the pt-91 but i see romania has us beat technologicaly and are actually 9 years in the future . 
  i look like this article was written by / r/europe last year . 
  it has everything : * arrogant westerners with faynmann not talking with hungary till it was too late and everybody thinking those wild easterners will shoot and beat the refugees while hungary made no such attempt * faynmann needs to call merkel for each decision * arrogant and ungrateful refugees * refugees breaking laws and expecting to get away with it because there are a lot of them * some naive idiot in bamf tweeting very irresponsible messages ( someone should probably lose a job over that ) * orban just says fuck it , you want them you take them * bleeding heart merkel influenced with media photos instead of advice of many people around her saying this is a bad idea * refugees interpreting every non negative statement as a invitation , what apparently every body but merkel expected * merkel thinking that spreading a problem around is the same as solving it together when asking the rest of europe for help, 
  hard to say but for if you want to setup a surveillance network ( either video or just sensors ) that looks over the forest on the border the cheapest way to do it would be over mobile networks . 
  the police can and usually do identify you without your cooperation . 
  we would probably need to pay the country for the service since why would they take those guys and also spend resources on identifying them . 
   well actually it seems to be exactly why they do n't want them back from what i 've read . 
  but who knows who we can believe . 
  well that just seems like an excuse . 
  generally countries interested a bit about their citizens will take them a reissue them their ids based on existing records . 
  while these records are probably poor in some of the countries a lot of them ( the ones people are not eligible for asylum from ) do have some tax and voting census so they do have some paperwork . 
   are you suggesting we send calais migrants to a camp in the middle of the south american tropical forest ? 
  i mean , it 's probably a solution , but given that we get called nazis when we try to ban burkinis , i think if we tried doing that in 2016 we 'd get international sanctions or something similar . 
  well the difference is making something illegal on a shaky basis ( i 'm not sure about the constitutionality of the ban in anywhere in the eu either ) and punishing people for thing that are very illegal and the discussion can only be held on how lenient or severe the punishment and enforcement should be . 
  the question is how to make the camp just punishment and not cruel and unusual punishment . 
  the australians seem to have failed at least a bit with that so it 's not going to be easy . 
  beside i would argue for libya camps that would serve all of the eu coupled with help with stabilizing the country . 
  but that would require the governments there merging finally ( looks like it might happen this year ) and agreeing to it . 
  for just france a smaller camp in the jungle might suffice . 
  more comprehensibly i described it here https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4ve3gv/would_you_modify_immigration_policies_how/d5y2tbr, 
   there is just zero solution . 
  there are no pretty solutions . 
   they destroy their ids so that even their home country wo n't have them back . 
  well that 's not why they do n't want them back . 
  it 's because they do n't want them . 
  if the us can send planeloads of convicted criminals back to salvador or honduras i 'm sure the eu can bully/coerce/bribe somalia or nigeria a bit to take them . 
   if you fly them to some other place in the schengen area , they 'll come back treat them as criminals as they are so put them in prison camps . 
  being refugees requires them to ask for asylum at first opportunity ( or at all ) otherwise they are illegal immigrants , not mentioning squating , public endangerment and i assume theft since they do n't work and still survive . 
  french guiana has some much of importance with the spaceport but is big enough to not inconvenience anyone with a camp in the jungle . 
  that wo n't be either cheap or pretty . 
  but better to do it now then do it after truckers are being killed . 
    glock 9mm pistol  yeah , even trump does n't do that . 
  of course not , he would need do carry a 1911, 
  last time i 've counted when this came about and it was something like 10:8 for russia in wars with majority of polish victories before peter the great and the other ways around after . 
  hmm from the front page i see this article , some photo piece from the guardian ( without a link ) , an article criticizing obama from poland and some other articles from papers that look bad . 
  looking at the list of polish sources ( since i can easily vet them ) there all of the fringe papers , tabloids , websites and blogs you can find . 
  most of them completely unknown or known to be crazy . 
  the not crazy ones are from what i can see not about russia or describing the situation in fair light ( like describing the ukrainian failure to change the laws required by the minsk agreement ) . 
  i 'd have consider zyrinowski as the official spokesman of russia to get similar results . 
  you can check the right of people to reside inside france , it 's not against schengen . 
  a lot of them even self selected themselves and came to one place , target the jungle in an operation to weed out illegal immigrants . 
  the only question is what to do with them after you capture them . 
  are the french waiting for the favorable public opinion ? 
  ca n't do it , the dolphins are endangered . 
  poland-lithuania relations with the ottomans are very distinct to those of hungary and the balkans . 
  poland never faced ottomans at home , closest was south western ukraine . 
  the prominent muslim invaders are the tatars . 
  while the wars with the ottomans where for control of hungary ( more of bringing it back to control of friendly neighbors here ) , ukraine , moldavia , valachia and of course vienna . 
  if you contrast it to the long occupation and subjugation that they faced i find it inappropriate to use the same kebab memes . 
  ukrainian beside belarusian is probably the closes language by linguistic distance to polish even though its east slavic . 
  nah we like kebab , probably most popular fast food in poland ( both in doner and pita versions ) . 
   we the people were a group of lawyers , landowners and slave owners and bankers who wrote the us constitution . 
  i know who the people are . 
  while it 's important to not fall into the founding fathers deification , some of them tried to crated a better system not only for themselves . 
  how the comprise is came out and how it fits today is another thing . 
   when do the people 's personal whims convert into the people 's whims ? 
  in a ideal world when they vote and the government implements it as policy . 
  ymmv but generally you get that in places that are democracies and no just have in the name . 
   in the united states we do n't have a democracy ( in a sense ) - we have a democratic republic ( by definition ) . 
  these things are different . 
  what ? 
  i never said that you have direct democracy . 
  and what does being a republic ( a state without a monarch as a head of state ) have anything to do with it . 
  do you mean you are a representative democracy ? 
   if the people wish to be free of their government , and the people ( in a democracy ) are the government ... should n't the government listen to the people ? 
  the people are the sum of the citizens ( it 's the the one from the preamble to your constitution ) , the people are just some guys . 
  i would say that they wish to usurp the power of all of the people to apply to any of their personal whims . 
   subject to a government democracy says that the people ( citizens ) are the sovereign of the country and the government express their will . 
  these people just do n't the understand that in that relationship you speak of the people and not just the people . 
  well switzerland seems to be the only place in the world with a border union without a customs union . 
  other places those checks are mostly combined . 
  border controls or customs controls ? 
  if you can put up a green sign on your dashboard and do n't stop then it 's not border control . 
  according to the swiss customs office website ( http://www.ezv.admin.ch/zollinfo_privat/index.html?lang=en&amp;download=nhzlpzeg7t,lnp6i0ntu042l2z6ln1ad1izn4z2qzpno2yuq2z6gpjcdfx19fgym162epybg2c_jjkbnoksn6a -- ) only the points that are close to large cities are maned full time . 
  the esa discussion is organized as part of the rover challenge and robotics conference , they probably needed someplace that offers a place for competition beside normal conference facilities . 
  if it was n't there it would either be in gda\u0144sk ( which has it 's own communication problems during the summer ) next to polsa or most probably nowhere . 
  i get that rzesz\u00f3w some large problems with transport to there but let 's not get be overdramatic . 
  everything i 've read says that since 2008 there have not been any border controls on the land border ( beside the temporary ones like during the euro cup ) . 
  and the difference is a major one since switzerland is in schengen ( no border control ) in eea+b ilaterals ( most of single market including freedom of movement ) but not in a customs union ( which means customs controls which may be at the border but looks like are mostly enforced by random check while traveling ) . 
  the border part is not a eu issue it 's schengen and switzerland is part of schengen . 
  we do n't need more workers that will be replaced by robots . 
  we just need the robots . 
   watch some hans rosling videos link some of the ones that are on topic, 
   so warsaw would be a natural choice . 
  only if you live in warsaw . 
  the debate coincides with http://roverchallenge.eu/ and a science conference connected to it that 's why it 's in rzesz\u00f3w .
