  the only direct threats would be from zyrinowsky but i 'm not going to even search for it because he 's a troll . 
  however in my defense the feeling that russia did threaten to target cities came from adding russian statements together . 
  it 's easy to connect `` if us deploys forces in poland , poland becomes a target like a nuclear state '' and the decision of placing new nuclear capable missiles in kaliningrad which because of the range can only target poland and the baltics . 
  for me russia is always saying `` i do n't have a gun on me ... but i could always get it from my car '' . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that 's what they want me to hear . 
   well , the military is going to react to changes with adjustments of their own , and that is normal . 
  yes , more troops and infrastructure make you a bigger target in any potential conflict with nato . 
  i consider threatening your cities with nuclear weapons to be out of proportion . 
  if they said they are going to deploy some elite troops to kaliningrad ( even if larger then the supposed bases ) i would fair cop , seams sensible . 
  it 's not really surprising the core of eu has had almost 50 years of integration and getting used to each other . 
  it takes more then a blue flag and good intentions to sign away each others freedom to each other . 
  the small regional agreements might be the way to go . 
  hard to find someone that says cooperating with neighbors is a bad idea . 
  in 15 years it will be neighbors neighbors ( this gets you almost across all of eu ) and everything federalized when no one was looking . 
  each time it 's talked about they threaten more iskanders targeted at warsaw and more iskanders in kaliningrad . 
  how much they really care and how much they just posture and expect concessions for stopping the `` outrage '' is hard to tell . 
  they play a sly game . 
   irrelevant as belarus . 
  the family member everybody forgets about, 
  well it is hunting dog for the supposed hunter father . 
  that explains why they want money not why people are willing to pay it :p, 
  true . 
  i was just pointing out that the name is very misleading gva is gdp - taxes + subsidies . 
  and except tax heavens gdp per capita is a good approximation of salary and disposable income . 
  from the title i expected a sailing ship for training officers . 
  half of poland already does , it 's cheaper to go to greece then to the polish coast . 
  how that works i do n't know ( i suspect idiot tourists and greedy polish tourism industry ) . 
  hmmmm gross value added while sounding like a productivity stat ( eastern europe so lazy , low value added ) could be just replaced with salary map ( primary income from euro stat as i ca n't find average salary by region http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tgs00036&amp;toolbox=types ) you can clearly see for example where the oil industry is in scotland and all of the capitals . 
  you know what else is 60 miles from kaliningrad the main polish and lithuanian naval ports . 
  you literally ca n't leavee gdynia and gda\u0144sk by sea without going 60 miles from kaliningrad coast for a significant time . 
  i do n't think the reconnaissance plane was part of bap . 
  and only the uk can step up here and replace the us planes . 
  france and germany have a gap with their old platform going out of service and problems with acquiring a new one . 
   so if the us did n't do this who would pick up the slack ? 
  poland maybe ? 
  i do n't know , does n't seem to be many other options https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_air_policing#deployments, 
  i know , i tried joke , i even marked it '' :p '' but i failed . 
  it will refrain from trying to be funny . 
   muscovite you have a vintage 16th century girlfriend ? 
  slovenia feminine and accepting that less powerful should know their place slovakia masculine and accepting that the less powerful should know their place hmmm, 
  some of it still is , sorbians and polabians were germanized and absorbed not exterminated . 
  and i 'm a impatient space fanboy and i want it to be sooner :d, 
  well any ( other beside the first ) launch will do :d i 'm not picky, 
  great work , now go dig up the site for angara already :d i 'm really exited for that one, 
  here 's some sources http://www.russianspaceweb.com/vostochny2016.html, 
  hukeaszag very nice, 
  the preamble to the polish constitution was probably the most debated part of it with the post-comunists and post-solidartists having completely different views on it . 
  fortunately a compromise was reached . 
  there is a saying used in poland that was very apropos in the 90 's when the compromises that form the basis of our political system were forged . 
  it goes `` a good compromise is when nobody is happy '' ( it probably says something about us that we see it this way instead of win-win , but that 's another story ) . 
  and nobody was happy with it then though i feel it really represents us , even if i would prefer just universal values to be there . 
  a lot of people are not happy with it now , some would like something like the abomination that is in the hungarian preamble http://www.kormany.hu/download/e/02/00000/the%20new%20fundamental%20law%20of%20hungary.pdf, 
   birmingham ? 
  i think people stopped reading before this so they do n't get the joke . 
  i 'm not discounting eu as a stabilizing force , it certainly takes the wind out of iredentists by making the status quo bearable ( sometimes even enjoyable ) for most of the population . 
  it 's much harder to get supporters for weak claims on your neighbors when everybody is busy getting a better life . 
  i just feel counting opposition top soviet oppression and successive brutal handling of it as examples of how not being in the eu brings chaos and wars is disingenuous . 
  `` non eu ones like ee countries '' beside yugoslavia all of those are conflicts involved the ussr and it dragged it 's `` allies '' into them . 
  if you have so much humors i think you need too let the blood out . 
  use some leeches . 
  why ? 
  do n't you remember who is in a who is not ? 
  well she proposed the snoopers charter so we already knew she is against human rights . 
  to be fair the view on the difference probably does have a lot to do ones political standing , belarusians themselves probably have different opinions on it depending on their primary language and their view on relations with russia . 
  but they officially said they prefer belarus spelling in 91 ' and that 's what i 'm going to use for the foreseeable future , it just angers me a bit that a lot of languages default linguistically to the the `` everything is russia '' version without though . 
  white rus or white ruthenia is not the same as white russia, 
   has blue eyes and blond hair . 
  unfortunately the irony of accusing journalists against erdogan of being aryans is probably lost on them . 
  no i would be if you called your german friend niemczura or niemiaszka or szwab, 
  according to this map you are coming too, 
  well no you came a brought mutual defense clauses and reason into this shitposting :d . what else are you going to say that japan has no project of secret re-militarization pushing the definition of `` defensive '' more and more all the while waiting for all of the west to not look for a bit and suddenly , boom kurt vonnegut 's dystopian japanese dominated future is finally a reality . 
  \u0141ukaszenko and janukovich respectively threw me off . 
   helicopter carrier just for search an rescue . 
  ignore the deck and lifts sized for the f35b . 
  we did n't buy any , yet . 
  i did n't say the more powerful half of europe :d, 
  so you are living closer to the polar circle then to the middle of this photo ? 
  would n't that more of - enko - ko ? 
  i might find a list on / r/poland but i think it 's gon na be in your post so you 're probably right :d, 
  you just apply in b-estonia and do everything thought the internet . 
  everything will be ready by the time you get there . 
  exactly, 
  it 's easy when you know its ' pronounced szopen edit : also chopinowicz sounds russian, 
  define big ? 
  4 carriers ( helicopter ones but could work with f35b if they buy them ) , 3 landing ships and 5 tankers/support ships a lot of tactical air transports and some strategic transports being built . 
  not big but they could probably take the azores and blockade the mainland with the other ships . 
  but you are probably asking if they could bring to bare a lot of their forces in europe , then no they could send not more then a small force to europe . 
  northern hungary, 
  i preferred cute eesti from before, 
  japans has no military yet it has 600 tanks , 1000 apcs/ifvs , 300 combat aircraft , 17 subs , 4 helicopters carriers , 37 destroyers and all that is counting the big guns only . 
  japan could take half of europe not only portugal . 
  look like germany is the one the is broken , the rest are correct going clockwise i think it works in french , allemagne , autriche etc. 
  this whole map is polandball in a nutshell, 
  and then you realize they are in alphabetical order ? 
  i would actually want to see a patch sorted by flag pattern . 
  all the crosses together tricolors horizontal an vertical together everything nice and orderly . 
  or the super gonorrhea epidemic, 
  so like finlandization ? 
   `` i just asked directions for the zoo , '' the man reportedly said . 
  but the police know better who the real animal is so they knew he was talking about the sultan .
