  so the transition hits poland worst . 
  edit : letters, 
  slunska godka najelpziech godka or something i 'm very happy that there is a growing presence of silesian in the internet, 
   jew get a detention hah fucking hah maybe we should also close all prisons they are after all detaining people . 
   and these switching and replacement infratructure for the us change coal fired plants to gas fired ones was actually relatively cheap and it switched to a cheaper energy source . 
  that 's why it happened quickly , it was cheaper to do it in the short term . 
   p.s. 
  china has shut down millions of tonnes p.a. 
  capacity and is now importing the shortfall from australia while the cleaner projects come online . 
  china close mines because they had an oversupply of coal , they are also importing less then they did before because of that . 
  they have the energy potential for solar , hydro and wind and they also have capital to invest , while poland has none of those things . 
  great for china , i am very impressed in the way they are doing their energy revolution and wish them luck . 
   so short term economic pain is no excuse !, 
  i 'm all for closing the polish mines they are a waste of resources , they can dig a hole and die in it for all i care . 
  but unfortunately replacing fossil fuel energy production is much harder , even ignoring the huge capital costs to build it in the first place , it still is more expensive . 
  so far everything i see is power in poland will get permanently more expensive , there is not short term pain only long term one . 
  there are already quite a few and more are being built since it 's the best available renewable in poland . 
  but but they are expensive ( vs power generate ) compared to elsewhere . 
   u.s. , switched to natural gas from fracking , because it 's cheaper . 
  that 's not exactly an economic challenge to do that . 
   china hard to compare but iirc they are building half of the worlds new nuclear reactors beside using thieir non enforcement of environmental laws to dump solar panels on the whole world . 
   indonesia no idea really  uk not only has gas and oil it also has the best wind power potential in europe and a large nuclear sector . 
  fukushima had effect , polish public opinion is still . 
  but you need a few billions of zlotys to build one and you need competent people that can manage a 10 year project . 
  so far pge ej1 has a place to steal government money , it 's so bad that after 8 years they did n't choose a partner to do development work or even choose the location . 
   but why hydro is n't feasible ? 
  poland is one of the poorest hydrologicaly countries in europe and beside everything is flat , you need big pressure drops to have power from hydro . 
   and there is no wind in the baltic sea ? 
  not on the polish coast . 
  i suppose they are standard polish , kashubian , silesian and higlander respectably . 
  well the saying comes from high penalties for stealing horses so if you would need to trust someone a lot so he does n't rat on you . 
  the saying itself in polish has only positive connotations of friendliness and trust . 
  the stable part is idiots being idiots . 
  yeah shows how the state cares for the locals . 
  btw i 'm all for some detention camp . 
  well the current camp is free for the french, 
  i just seen the results in this sub and found the a elegant way to smuggle some results through . 
  the timeline is just speculation on my part . 
   their polls regarding putin 's popularity changed dramatically once they were attacked by government agencies in 2013 . 
  hmmm is n't it when they started to ask questions like `` do you think your neighbors do n't like putin '' etc. 
  well this pretty much confirms that they were doing accurate polls, 
  yeah but you can see differences between the post communist countries event though it would hard to find a difference in education . 
  in poland where there was a highly organized ( if divided into many small faction ) opposition moment that was concentrated on preparing for taking over the rule of the country after the fall of communism , it was negotiating with the government in 89 ' the way the transformation will happen . 
  similar things happened in czechoslovakia . 
  compare that to romania where the repressions were more prominent and the criticism of ruling party came from factions within it since it was hard to have any other . 
  a popular uprising then came and it all ended with over 1000 dead , a lot more injured and ceau\u0219escu with his wife shot after a short trial . 
  in the end the the country stayed under the rule of the former communists now converted to free market democracy . 
  tunisia was officially secular when ruled by the old regime and secular and centrist parties won the majority in the democratic elections ( well parties not supporting sharia as a source of law , but that 's as good as it gets ) . 
  did you read my definition ? 
  `` kombinowanie '' can not meet any definition of common sense , though it might sometimes get the same effect . 
  though half of the time it will have the opposite effect . 
  it also has a lot of negative meaning . 
  like i said it 's untranslatable . 
   save the patronising tone for a country without industry , save the the boiling piss for when you need it more . 
  i tried to share with you a cultural artifact that might give you some insight and you went straight to ruling the third world . 
   egypt well it 's not a success story nor a real failure . 
   they left off with a military strongman in charge , they also left with a important lessons about extremists in power . 
  a lesson that you do n't get a revolution and then democracy and everybody is happy that 's you still need a lot of work otherwise it 's the way to anarchy . 
  a important point is that for democracy you need a lot of decentralized organizations and groups beside the vote of the people . 
  that means that there needs to be transition period when those organizations can exists ( or even better thrive ) . 
  in a hard dictatorship only the hardest opposition survives and that means extremists and very religious this ensures that when there is a power vacuum you end up with a one of the mentioned failures . 
  what really is needed is a 10-20 years of somewhat loosened restrictions that allows for the structures that are expected to take over in a democracy to develop and to shake themselves into the center of the political spectrum . 
   it should be noted that i think you get democracy from prosperity , not necessarily the other way around . 
  all of the communist regimes in europe fell and gained democracy because of economic problems not because of prosperity . 
  but that was on top of 30 years of building of democratic opposition structures ( at least outside of the ussr ) and after 5-10 years of lessened oppression at the end of the 80s . 
   i have seen managers and foreman do which is accept the risk themselves to meet a deadline , that 's the point , when motivated polish take such initiative on all levels . 
  which sometimes can seen ( and sometimes is , depending on professional experience of the one doing it ) as dangerous . 
  tradition of `` kombinowanie '' ( untranslatable , basically `` to obtain something or do something with ingenuity , often breaking some rules '' ) is very strong for better or for worse . 
  the same thing seen as `` initiative '' can be also seen as `` recklessness '' depending on who is watching . 
  well i agree , over regulation brings contempt for the rules and makes people fear the punishment instead of the injury which in the end leads to cheating the system instead of keeping oneself and others safe . 
  there are two countries where it went best are tunisia were it started and jordan . 
  tunisia has a democratically elected secular government now and and is fighting some terrorist in the south of the country that are not happy with this . 
  jordan on the other hand has huge luck with it 's absolutist rules with 2 for 2 intelligent secular kings . 
  king abdullah ii as a response to protest promised and delivered a more democratic reform with more freedoms ( press and speech ) and delivered adding to that new elections to the parliament . 
  not exactly freedom and democracy in the western style but looks like the people got most most of what they wanted . 
  the failures where already failures before anybody from the west intervened in the arab spring on the side of the protesters . 
  libya before the french-italian intevention was well into it 's civil war with ghadaffi controlling only area outside tripoli and bombing everybody everywhere . 
  in syria the armed uprising started when assad stated shooting at protesters not when europe expressed disapproval of him . 
  yemen was on fire for 10 years with drone strikes happening all the time . 
  arab spring happened when people dissatisfied with lack of freedom where also hit with with rising food prices . 
  little could be done about that from the outside . 
   and do n't give a damn about safety '' well some of is true i 've hear a lot of stories from people that came back about how uk safety rules are bollocks and they knowingly broke them when it would cause days of lost productivity to follow them . 
  one i recall was when and architect from poland was inspecting some house they where renovating and there was some metal part of the old stairs they had to remove but the guy with certificates for an angle grinder would come in three days so they had wait for him before building new stairs . 
  so the polish architect said fuck that , took an angle grinder spent 5 min cutting and the work moved forward , but every brit there was stunned . 
  might be they were all bullshiting but i 've heard similar stories from multiple not connected people . 
  we need the british navy for that . 
  better do it quickly before article 50 is invoked . 
  but they started puling him out just as he stopped falling, 
  that guy looked cold :d what was he supposed to do at the end ? 
  beside what dudy88 said gps , atgms , manpads , ir trackers , passive thermal sights and light amplification , sensible body armor , distributed sensors ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_igloo_white#sensors_and_weapons ) , satellite photography , satellite communication uav and generally other remote operated vehicles ( see goliath bomb or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teletank ) on the other hand where used during wwii . 
  everything that involves satellites or satellite guidance was developed or even first though of after ww2 . 
   triathletes ( ... ) open water swims  swimming ( ... ) for prolonged periods of time i think we have very different ideas on how interact with water during a holiday on the beach , especially on the baltic coast :d  +16 or +6 except without a wet suit swimming in 6 will kill you in 30-120 minutes just as swimming in 16 in 1-4 hours and 18 will kill you in 10 + on the baltic beach wind chill will get you either way . 
  though i give you that 16 is cold for a 3 year old while i would consider 18 ok for him just as i assume 16 is for me . 
   +16 is just too cold for everybody except bunch of winter swimmers . 
  i wanted to say weak willed southerner but you are from the north . 
  shameful display . 
  the next article from dm will be `` eu commission wastes money on correcting the shit we print '', 
  alde is a party in the ep ( european parliament ) that is not epp epp is the party that won all ep elections so far ( and probably will win the next one unless there is a war or something ) and thus brought forward barosso and junker as candidates that became presidents of the commission . 
   netanyahu well he predicted iran would finish the bomb at least 5 years ago . 
  his predictions are nothing beside politics .
