  well technically all of polish armed forces are nato troops but counting them would be a bit silly . 
  the first thing that happens when they try to promote it is idiots all over come ( like in this thread ) and scream `` western propaganda '' . 
   things are slowly but steadily improving ever since they lost power hungary is following close the rest of the v4 and while it was growing faster in 2013 and 2014 it 's back to being at the back of the pack again since 2015 . 
  in polish we say `` nobody knows anything - czech movie '', 
   1984 brave new world is a much better analogy to what 's happening ( at least outside the uk ) . 
   hitler pinochet or franco are much better parallels . 
  and maybe even salazar if you want to be generous . 
   more often or even half as often as seeing did i claim any such thing ? 
  i 'm disputing this :  try comparing sweden to the late roman empire , that 's one we have n't heard yet . 
  since i 've heard ( read ) that quite a few times . 
  at least more diversity in name calling would be welcome since i do n't expect to see more of grounded policy discussion from either side . 
   the electoral college my point is that it 's a feature unique to the us , i fully agree with your post statement here  pr-stv , multi-seat constituencies , no party lists . 
  great i wish we had that , but even simple proportional is better then fptp . 
  most of those criticism ( except the electoral college ) apply to other fptp systems like the ones in uk and canada ( idk if ireland uses it ), 
  good that there is improvement , keep it up . 
  i 'm glad i did n't have to make important decisions about my life when i was young and stupid . 
  though having part of the time for electables might be ok if you add some counseling to point out synergies ( like taking physics without math is stupid , or art history works good with drawing ), 
   bigger case - bigger rewards . 
  there also were a lot of myths how brutal kharkiv police is . 
  how they used tortures and entrapments . 
  damn scary shit , hope it gets better . 
  btw there was the change from militia to police about 2 years ago right ? 
  how did that work out ? 
  i saw some promising stuff at the start bot nothing later . 
  that presenter walking around thinking `` i 'm so getting fired '', 
   `` need more info '' . 
  sorry thought it was a sarcastic `` more info '' :( my bad  are your police have such thing as `` plan '' yeah but generally since they manage to keep it with tickets and real offenses . 
  it makes them concentrate on bullshit stuff but i have n't really heard anything about entrapment by the police of small fry . 
  the there was one example in the anti-corruption bureau when a young agent tried seduce two women ( in separate cases ) and groom then into corruption . 
  one was found not guilty and the other guilty but the case was thrown out later because the evidence was tainted . 
   mid 17th century . 
  so as soon as any got to the vodka producing nations ? 
  is it a malicious carousel full of zombies ? 
  the question is , do they count potatoes used for vodka . 
  it 's only 119 m if you use the 350m that was supposed to go to the nhs . 
  that umbrella looks like a promo for the next resident evil also that is a really crooked town square , what is the reason the streets in the old town are so wavy . 
  and that 's a real nice town hall . 
  it 's hearty not fattening . 
  the strongest nations from the core of the forces with us in poland , germany in lithuania , canada in latvia and uk in estonia . 
  france is actually the minor partner in estonia just like poland is in latvia . 
  source : https://www.osw.waw.pl/en/publikacje/analyses/2016-07-13/natos-eastern-flank-a-new-paradigm appendix at the end, 
  well i 've seen a lot of people claiming entrapment when they where just shitbags . 
  what you described actually sounds like real entrapment . 
  the article does not say who the buyer was or who contacted who first . 
  not even that russians in ukraine set up the artillery in range then send up drones to see where is everybody and drop all hell on them . 
  very precise ( for unguided weapons ) and very effective . 
  setting up a production line for something as complicated as guided munitions is not easy especially if you want to do it in quantity . 
  it could be done quicker if you are ok enormous cost ( like in total war situation ) . 
   it argued that the media , and advertising in particular , is pressuring society into demanding impossible standards of beauty . 
  the mass media along with unattainable standards spreads quickly and is present in south america , india and africa ( since it 's easier to give everybody a tv then it is to build a road or bring fresh water ) but you do n't see the population decline there . 
  you do see some strange ( and very unhealthy ) obsessions like butt silicone implants or skin bleaching . 
  and it would take 2 years to do that . 
   nor will czechia or poland . 
  while i do n't whether poland would oppose or not when the time comes , there is no singling out of turkey and it is not something that really comes up . 
  actually our current ( the xenophobic one ) government is quite friendly with turkey and is officially for it 's ascension to the eu . 
   for what it 's worth , i agree , a more secular , liberal world would be a much better world . 
  if you wo n't promote it then it wo n't happen , the arc of history may bend towards justice but not when good men do nothing . 
  do you think sending help to democratic movements in countries behind the iron curtain was wrong . 
  would you forbid american abolitionists from the north running the underground railroads in the south . 
  global warming is the true threat to russian security . 
  maybe trump is anti-russia after all . 
   there 's a proposition right now for a more convenient solution , writing it in both languages in passports great i hope this makes everybody happy, 
  yurop https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkuj4awbjxq, 
  the russian empire was practicing sending revolutionaries ( mainly of nations conquered ) to siberia since the 18th century . 
  ussr just got better at it . 
   we need the best possible deal . 
  besides we all know the eu/uk always have the best deals . 
  i think you need to lay off of news for some time , you 've listened too much to trump talking and it 's starting to invade your brain . 
  ! 111 it 's not entrapment if they just offer you the possibility of committing a crime . 
  though more info would be good . 
   the age old parts are the cultural , ethnic and political paths which form the foundation of a lot of these expressions . 
  what age old ethnic , political and cultural paths , because what you cited confirms that geopolitics is the dominant power and any other ties are overpowered by it . 
  the only other factor seems to be political since that it 's harder to make two democracies fight one another in open combat . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen a lot of barbarians at the gates arguments . 
  more on the eu then sweden since rome collapsed because it could n't secure it 's borders anymore not because it invited the goths . 
  but you do have a `` z '' right ? 
  they are not that age old . 
  germany , russia and austria were allies 60 years before ww1 . 
  before that they where allies against napoleon . 
  before russia was an ally with poland against sweden and ottomans . 
   european nation that 's been placed firmly outside of the european project since its creation , it was n't the west that put up the iron curtain . 
  the last hundred years brings great political divide between russia and the rest of europe . 
  but i do n't think it 's the eu that should change to be more authoritarian to close it . 
  well i remember them from pizza hut ( though maybe some 15 years ago ), 
  sure , how many constituencies will be in poland ? 
  about 380 i assume . 
  the sad thing is that while twitter is a cancer on discussion it is quite competent on the technology level and they open sourced a lot of their solutions . 
  it 's more that quite a lot of immigrants are against gays . 
  it 's not hereditary it 's geography , that 's why eu is so important , making france an germany effectively one power dissolves a lot of that tension . 
   fbi successfully served as an anti-organized-crime force . 
  also as an opposition suppression force and a lately a constant threat to privacy ( stingrays etc. ) . 
  but i agree multiples levels of law enforcement is good , another one for the eu will also be good ( since most states already have an anti-corruption agency and statewide law enforcement agency ), 
   but mostly this sub is westerners maybe but the east is overly active . 
   i genuinely think this sub is a bunch of chickenhawks on russia just a lot of people from countries that had been and would not like be put again in those spheres of influence . 
  wait so romania has not only a hardon for herbal medicine but also otc antibiotics . 
  for me the worst thing about it is it 's made of frozen pizza, 
  why does it look like finland and norway are two extras from blue oyster holding down italy just to force it to watch, 
  i always thought they would go around the rim . 
  it least i remember it looked that way when i first saw it . 
   you seem to be a bit biased against trump i am a bit biased against him yes :d . mostly because his promises were both against my own sensibilities ( where that is the deciding factor ) but more importantly because i think his solutions to the issues you are mentioning have no chance of working ( bringing back jobs ) and will at best waste 4 years not helping anyone .
