   the world in 20 years wo n't be massively automated and governed by ais unless there 's a huge , unforeseeable leap forward in both technologies . 
  we wo n't be living in a post scarcity utopia ( or even work less distopia ) . 
  i 'm not arguing that . 
  automation is here from the 70s but their installation speed is increasing . 
  http://www.ifr.org/fileadmin/user_upload/downloads/world_robotics/2016/executive_summary_wr_industrial_robots_2016.pdf 4x the rate of installation in 2016 then in 2003 , twice then the 2007 high before the recession . 
  installation count is growing 9-10 % per year . 
  that 's 4x the gdp growth . 
  and this report predicts 12 % growth in the next few years . 
  you can also clearly see that it 's moving to new industries and not just expanding in the ones that optimized for it for 40 years . 
  the point is it did n't improve enough . 
  people in michigan did n't compare themselves to alabama in 2008 or 2016 but to michigan in 2000 . 
   open factories in the us oh the protectionist policies will make producers open factories in the us , just automated ones . 
  all the talk about bringing manufacturing back to the us is stupid because it never moved out , us is still one of the largest industry producers , it 's only the low skill jobs that moved out replaced bu advanced automation . 
   as if the main drive behind anti-immigration sentiment were drivers ? 
  come on man . 
  polish drivers ( and other drivers from c/ee ) have a disproportionate share of the transport industry in the eu because they pay polish wages and drive trucks all around . 
  german companies where already complaining and protesting , germany even tried to put laws so that any driver moving through germany has to be payed the german minimum wage . 
   office workers are n't going anywhere for decades and decades . 
  of course not all of office workers . 
  and not next year . 
  but decades and decades is a long time . 
  30 years ago there was no internet and 20 years ago it just started to be used commercially . 
   reddit has an ingrained automation/ai circlejerk that is more / r/futurology stuff than a serious look at the near-future capability of either technology i actually unsubscribed from / r/futurology last week because i could not stand the overhype and scientific illiteracy there . 
  it all depends on what do you consider near-future . 
  i think we should start thinking about how to handle the world in 20 years and already preparing for the world that will be 10 years from now . 
  if we react in ten years we 'll be left with our pants down . 
   michigan i just google some of that and it 's not that good :  in michigan , there are more jobs than before the recession , yet fewer jobs than in 2000 . 
  gdp wise adjusted for inflation it just got to 2000 levels . 
  that 's 15 years of being worse of then in the past with a large drop in 2005-2009 . 
  they have rational reasons . 
  just not rational solutions . 
  the factory workers expect to bring back factory jobs that are already moving out of china or being automated in china because the chinese are to expensive . 
  us coal miners blame a climate change conspiracy when they where outpriced by natural gas . 
  immigration control wont save drivers from self driving cars neither it will save office works from watson ( this is going to hit a lot of people that are not expecting it yet ) . 
  we are at the cusp of very turbulent social changes in how and why we work and building strong walls to protect the old way will only cause us to be buried under more rubble . 
   there was 4.9 % unemployment and strong wage growth . 
  i 've read some where that the 2008 recession resulted in a lot of jobs moving into the large cities in the us . 
  so while the numbers are good again their distribution changed ( and especially unemployment grew in places that have proportionally more say in the us election system ) . 
  it 's not like the french nationalists have a history of collaborating with foreign powers . 
  it 's not new but peoples sexual preferences and tastes are something much more private that the fact that you drink . 
  there is a reason why all communist ( other ones probably too ) dictatorships secret police collected sexuality data on people while in most democracies it is considered sensitive data . 
  it might be worse the border could be straight lines . 
   enough nerve to say that civil authorities are to be a part of this event is beyond me . 
  well they all did come to kneel . 
  well he at least was fight a religious war so it made more sense . 
  that 's not that much really . 
  each one takes 8 infantry so you only get 12000 in them ( beside the crew ) so about the number that they need . 
  poland has as much bmp-1 and we also need to replace all of them . 
   low - and intermediate-level radioactive low level waste stretches from things that can dumped in a normal dump after a few weeks for it cooling off to stuff that should be held up 300 years till it 's considered safe . 
  even stuff that only could be contaminated is low level waste . 
  how dangerous is it compared to toxic waste from mining ? 
  how about fly ash ? 
  asbestos ? 
  i 'm more concerned about cyanide mining tailing poisoning whole water systems then low level waste . 
  wiki says this `` poland is the sole user of kto rosomak but as the first export customer of patria oy amv & wzm sa has the right to export the kto rosomak in some markets . '', 
  i wonder what `` some of the markets '' are , but none were exported yet , 2 possible where slovakia and malaysia but apparently rosomak s.a. ( current name of the polish company ) is ( mostly ) producing some amv as subcontractors for patria for export ( they made about 40 for uae ), 
  why no love for the rosomak our intermarium allies . 
  and i 'm discussing your defense of the word boulder :d . the article is a bit biassed . 
  i think that playing on quickly declining in europe emotions such as compassion for migrants will not stop the far right from gaining more power . 
  we need a better way . 
  because instead of going into fast breeders as fuel it 's being wasted . 
   would be a wmd ? 
  yes . 
   blast of a few meters no that small but there are conventional bombs with about the yield of the smallest nuclear devices ( moab at 11 t tnt and the russian foab at supposedly 44t tnt are both larger then the smallest yield of davy crocket 's w54 warhead which is 10 t tnt ), 
   a boulder is a rock fragment with size greater than 25 centimetres in diameter . 
  i never would use it that way . 
  maybe a civil engineer would . 
  beside that a rock 25 cm in diameter is 15-20 kg . 
  i 'm assuming sandstone or dolomite since that 's what the geology of the island has . 
  how far can you throw a rock like that . 
  throwing any rocks regardless of size is a violent assault . 
  talking about boulders only makes you look biased . 
  yes i am . 
  what are the details of the `` age verification system '' if it is supposed to be robust like they say there is little else beside real name login that will work . 
  maybe a trusted third party could give out verified anonymous tokens similar to how the separation with credit cards works but you would have to trust that agency that it does not keep any logs . 
  so my question is this will they just send all the data straight through to the police and mi5 or will they go through the pretense of warrants first . 
  they both are traditional nations states ( never mind the jokes about swedes trying their best to change that ) . 
  thus me equating swedes with sweden and finns with finland . 
  and the nation state being back on the rise : http://www.euractiv.com/section/future-eu/news/hungarys-orban-rejects-sovietisation-by-brussels-defends-nation-state/, 
  10 years ago i 've seen it as a way to push new eu out a bit to the periphery , but now i do n't really see another way of going forward . 
  but a two speed eu is not enough , before the baltics and slovakia joined the euro and before the the greek crisis i could have been eurozone + the rest . 
  now it 's clear that there is no capability to unite the whole eurozone more closely so we need smaller divisions . 
  unfortunately that means the most natural division in terms of further integration benelux + germany + france + italy , is the richest and most powerful by a huge margin . 
  the balance of power ( mostly with checks on it 's power ) between it and the rest of europe is the biggest hurdle to that design . 
  i thought the nation-state was back on the rise . 
  i 'm talking about countries , if i was talking about people i would have used balts . 
  but i 'll fix the finns . 
  finally the swedes and finns will be able to join the baltics, 
   about 50 % of the french missiles seem to surrender when launched from a sub . 
  just the ones in development afaik . 
  though after 30 years they should probably be a bit more reliable . 
  that made it meaningful because you convinced me with it . 
  nuclear weapons without delivery systems are much less useful . 
  you still would n't be able to independently keep your current capabilities in the future without large investment ( last i 've read the vanguards successor will have us reactors because the british one had problems and where scrapped ) but for the time being you have control . 
  it does not but before your edit your post was meaningless . 
  last time i checked the english version of the refuge convention it also stated that applies when they are fleeing immediate danger . 
  the missiles are not and they are serviced and taken from a shared stockpile with the us . 
  how do you put delicious rose jam inside when there is hole . 
  are they cutting production , getting more effective or just replacing with automation outright ? 
  i wanted to call you something sou you could save the comment and remember but could n't think of anything good .
