  whoever did the ux for that thing i hope his coffee goes acidic each day till he designs something better . 
  well i consider 26c warm soup :d, 
  what do you mean , it 's over 15c everywhere . 
  that 's why i used `` work '' a better term would be effort as we were talking about being lazy and not doing anything . 
  btw doing something that you do n't like for money is also a poor definition of work , toil would be more apt . 
  while going hill walking alone probably does not benefit society most people i 've met that enjoy it meet with other people that enjoy it , share their finds and put effort into promoting it and use their free time to make the whole experience better for other people by volunteering . 
  maybe i just have some fun friends . 
  being not taxable is not really a problem , almost none of the things done by ngo and hobby groups is yet organizing a neighborhood football league is easily beneficial for the society . 
  hell playing a match with your friend is beneficial to society , it gains two slightly happier people which i think is good . 
  as to whether it will work or not , i do n't know but if not then the future is very bleak . 
  lack of payment is a poor definition of a hobby if you try to improve your technique , gain more skill , seek more knowledge and exchange your knowledge with people that have similar interests then it sure is a hobby . 
  you could probably get a online course or book out of that . 
  or a least a sponsored blog :d, 
   do hobbies well unless your hobby is siting alone in a dark room you probably are gon na do quite a lot of `` work '' while following it . 
  nobody was really fond of panslavism since imperial russia used it to put itself as the defender of all slavs and rightful ruler of all of them . 
  but the idea has two parts . 
  one politcal which is impossible the current slavic nation states are to different in their political culture to unite . 
  the other is has more to do with the people on basic interpersonal level . 
  and as people we have more in common with each other then we do with other groups in europe . 
  well he just described is the difference between democracy and mob rule . 
  they could elect undemocratic parties and what the parties could do should be curtailed by the constitution which is there to protect not only the rights of the people but also the countries political system . 
  hitler was elected but needed 2 more parties for a coalition to become chancellor and even then only had a minimal majority . 
  he took power only after eliminating the parliament and thus the electorate from any say . 
   illegally built public infrastructure who builds it ? 
  if it is the local government why not just make it legal ? 
  it some times happens in poland but only when the civil servants are more incompetent then norm . 
  yep i see it always and have to check myself if i 'm not in one other sub with flairs of counties, 
  no love for grom missiles ? 
  your brothers got some http://www.janes.com/article/42811/mspo-2014-lithuania-signs-contract-for-polish-grom-manpads it 's probably like us buying the f-16 ( we should 've gotten the gripen ) a move to strengthen ties with the us . 
  i think it 's the russia hate in former warsaw pact countries and cold war propaganda in the west, 
  they did but less then west . 
  they debriefed them , took notes a sent them back home about 55 ' because the soviets were paranoid and kept even their own scientists in closed cities . 
  but we have not been bordering for 70 years and romanians do n't come to poland ( like you said the difference is not enough economically and tourist go the other way , or at least used too lately polish were mostly going n africa and croatia ) , i 've met literally one romanian before coming to romania and that was in sweden while gypsies are on every train station here . 
  with that kind cultural exchange it 's not exactly surprising most polish are sure that the demographics are similar in romania and i have a hard time explaining to people that it is different . 
  the problem is in polish perception of romanians . 
  most of the people in poland when they say `` rumun '' ( literally romanian person ) they think romanian gypsy as those are the only people from there that they had any contact with in their lives . 
  this has lead to romania having the worst opinion in poland ( literally worse then russia ) , which is quite sad and unfair . 
  nobody is really afraid of users of golden visas immigrating , when you start taking bribes for tin foil visas probably you will see some backlash from the rest of the schengen area . 
  spot on  that and the fact that europeans mostly ignore asia when discussing geopolitics . 
  the 21st century will be a pacific century , not an atlantic one . 
  that comes a bit down to geography the only country in europe that has any current vital interests in asia is russia and they have been switching to the east even before the ukraine crisis but they do n't have it exactly easy . 
  the uk with the commonwealth has some closer ties but rule britannia has ended some time ago and for most of the countries that had strong ties with them the us stepped in as partner . 
  usa is the maritime power right now and that will not change for at least 30 years , so there is no way for europe beside russia to project power ( economic and military ) without the acceptance and help of the us . 
  in poland there are still some ties times from the cold war , vietnam ( largest immigrant population in pl but vietnam is not exactly a power player and still a totalitarian country ) or china ( some joint shipping trading companies that have more then 60 years of tradition but mismanaged from the polish side and a drop in the bucket of trade from the chinese ) but that 's nothing really . 
  all in all i think that europe will rather turn south and let the us fight for it 's influence with china ( if they successfully transition their economy to a local consumption service economy and do n't brake or have a revolution in the process ) and india ( if their experiment of skipping development straight to service economy works , and the success seems mixed ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europium and probably ib4 whooosh, 
  all the russians in poland are in gdansk buying stuff in biedronka and lidl, 
  was the globe a spheroid ? 
  that is an eye sore that should not be allowed to be built in a city center ( at leas not in plain sight ), 
  when i see that flag i think : remove teutons , worst holly order . 
  1410 best year of my life etc. 
   unless it was described as human trafficking , it seems that this definition would n't be any more accurate . 
  just a pr nightmare but that 's a low price to pay if it does solve stuff  it does n't help anyone to just have the member nations in deadlock . 
  while assuming that a later agreement would handle the rest is ok but there is little pushing nations for a compromise now , the negotiations would stall till the crisis festered and worsened again . 
  unfortunately i do n't think anyone has a good solution ( morally acceptable and also works ) . 
  btw if it was n't clear i actually really like your system i just feel it has close to zero chance of being implemented, 
  i can see the headlines `` europe sets out to establish official market for trading refuges - human trafficking eu style '' that would also ` solve ' only the allocation of the migrants not the problem of them coming at unsustainable rates . 
  i would like to think some of the politicians want to solve the latter along with the former otherwise we would just push it all a few years into the future when it will be harder to deal with . 
  yep happened to me also in argentina . 
  always holland . 
  after i switches to telling them in spanish i 'm from ` polonia ' they thought i 'm from bolonia-italy fml, 
  ok but with who :d . please elaborate . 
  or is it just general traditional romanian disagreement . 
  well i know quite a bit but i would say that i lack any insight into the lithuanian perspective on it , partly because of the sources . 
  that disproportion is quite funny as one might argue that most powerful of the magnate families that ultimately ruled plc were lithuanian , ruthenian and later ukranian in origin . 
  there is more to the period then dates . 
  for poland the end of xvi and the xvii century is a mix a the three musketeers dueling and costumes , the wild west horsemanship and frontiers spirit , and a almost victorian hegemony over neighbors . 
  it 's a very dynamic setting that lends itself to some nice storytelling . 
  here is and article ( unfortunately in polish but google translate does a passable job into english ) detailing the rise of the genre in entertainment http://wpolityce.pl/kultura/251301-neosarmatyzm-w-polskiej-popkulturze-esej also in the same vein there are some russian/ukrainian movies that are a nice look as another perspective on looking at the events . 
  watching movies with charging polish invaders is quite a change of pace to what i 'm used to :p . and what is happening in costume/historical movies in lithuania ? 
  i 've heard quite a few years back that you were supposed to film something about grunwald and wars with teutonic order but the funding fell through . 
  anything good come out or is it mostly dead ( as are big historical movies in poland since the 2000 's ), 
  youe can always think that you just have enough cultural clout to force your neologism on the news . 
  i really think we ( as polish ) need some lithuanian ( and belorussian ) input with reliving our past glories . 
  maybe if we can fantasize about the positive things in our old shared history we can stand better together now . 
  ah was worse then ottomans ? 
  would n't be so happy it means that the migrants will stay on your side . 
  most are ok , i like the russian and ukraininan and for the worst ( imo ) : spanish - looks like a kindergarden logo andoran - best for laundry detergent austrian - car detergents ? 
  high quality wax french - best chicken sausages and pate island - my first logo ^ tm, 
  tbh it does n't look like there was/is any managing after the war . 
  but that is beside the point you joined and you ca n't just wash your hands and say it was not ( partly ) your fault . 
  i 'll give you that the uk is being dickish about it . 
  the whole : - let 's bomb libya !, 
  - what about the refugees . 
  - fuck that eu opt out , let the others handle it . 
  is getting tiring . 
  yeah partial not because of lack of trying but because not having enough edge on the other powers . 
  you only get total domination when you have a big advantage over your contemporaries . 
  so the romans had organization and technology , france had conscription and a large population , germany after unification had population and industry and the ussr had population and oil ( and a lot of determination ) . 
  see that when you loose that advantage you fall . 
  you always could decide not to join like other european nato countries or just send a token force . 
  while i would sure say it was not italy 's idea you sure as hell jumped on that wagon with force . 
  afghanistan is a bit different matter as it is the only invocation of the nato article v. 
   austria , spain , portugal , sweden , poland-lithuania , denmark-norway , holland , and italy never really have . 
  well not total european domination but both denmark and sweden fought for the domination of the baltic with sweden going as far as prague and ukraine in it 's wars , poland-lithuania fought for and controlled for a time all of the east from wallachia to estonia ( as vasals ) , and i think the dutch would like a word with you about the spanish invaders :d , also the hre ( and/or the hapsburg monarchy ) was quite a formidable entity in central europe for a lot of the time meddling in the affairs of it 's neighbors . 
  while i think thinking that it 's just italy 's problem is wrong , you did decide to bomb libya and committed quite a few planes to do it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya#forces_committed, 
  well the americans did it ( and still do ) a so did the ussr during the cold war . 
  you do n't use visual light photography but radar satellites for fleet investigations . 
  the problem is they have to be in low orbit to work efficiently and thus have a short life and they need a lot of power . 
  the russians used nuclear powered satellites https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rorsat for this reason .
