  i believe the best solution would 've been regional autonomy within lithuania but we 'll never see how that would 've worked . 
   bulduri like formats what 's that ? 
  searched the web and part of a resort town in latvia makes little sense to me so there has to be something more . 
   `` wilno nasho '' i 've literally only heard this said irl together with going back to moscow to take kremlim again while drunkenly reliving past glories , not exactly a credible threat is it ? 
  :p though i 've seen trolls using it on lithuanians a lot on the internet . 
  nobody really cares even people from there like my next door neighbor . 
  wilno does not exist anymore there is only vilnius left . 
  the only time when mentioned outside `` historical reminiscing '' kind of context is russian psyops on the internet like this https://www.facebook.com/1017190118295964/, 
  vilnius is not ours . 
  i 've never said that . 
  you 've built some polish strawman that you are fighting with . 
  both the repressions during the interbellum and the the ultimatum was the end result of negotiations failing in the 20 's . 
  everything after was just poland using force to protect their interests and the league reluctantly watching it since germany was a bigger problem . 
  you might also read again as i specifically did n't mention the polish census since i do n't really consider it reliable . 
  polish second republic had many problems and state sponsored polonization for the first time in history was one of them . 
   with military force yes , without doubt  occupation and now we get to the `` it 's complicated '' territory . 
  what about the will of people that lived there ? 
  censuses from 1897 ( russian ) and 1916 ( german ) do n't agree on how where poles and belarusians split but they do agree that lithuanians were in a significant minority . 
  it should have been settled by a league of nations plebiscite or some federalization/autonomy deal . 
  but neither side was really interested in a compromise . 
  so we got violence . 
  it 's a complicated matter and i added the article link there for that reason . 
  seems npov enough . 
  do you dispute it ? 
   czechoslovakia we where dicks to each other over zaolzie , czsk in 1920 and we in 1938 . 
  beside that it was peaceful , though not friendly . 
   romania everything worked great , best neighbor , would border again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93romanian_alliance#outbreak_of_world_war_ii the main problem with polish foreign relations after 1918 is overlapping claims on territories with it 's neighbors ( especially in the east ) . 
  those territories where part one country for 400 years before , first in the polish-lithuanian commonwealth and later in imperial russia . 
  this led to very mixed population with interspersed regions with f different majorities . 
  british plugs are also compatible with europlugs you just need to use a toothpick and a little persistence :d . 
  heh we also played `` dwa ognie '' in poland, 
  it 's written on the map . 
  they are official colors of the coalitions . 
  or the cee 7/7 if you need earth, 
   tasted great are you sure they did n't say `` much better then expected '' :d, 
  the carrot : expand blue card ( or it 's successor ) system and generally any point system in place . 
  give incentives in the point system to settle int less developed parts of the eu ( by same logic as development funds are allocated ) . 
  expand frontex and expand agencies processing asylum claims so that all claims get to be process within a year form submission . 
  make asylum a temporary state with paths out like citizenship or permanent residency harder to get ( language , civics , cultural acceptance ) . 
  set up hot spots for legal asylum seeking in hot zones/unrc camps etc. 
  with transport to eu when accepted . 
  stick : this part gets tricky . 
  rent/buy/occupy 1/3 of libya ( or any other preferably wiling african country ) organize refuge camps there for illegal emigrants and people that were refused asylum and are not willing to go back to their country/their country does n't take them back . 
  this part is going to be expensive as i 'm not talking about australias camps of misery but something that looks like a place to live . 
  in the camps set up a full educational system mostly concentrated on vocational schools and tech universities so that after 5 years in the camps you should be able to get most of point based visas in any country in the world . 
  this is the second carrot . 
  a major target is building the competences and workforce for large scale deployment of desalination plants across most of africa . 
  this is a preemptive move to stop the climate change related wave of migrations during the next 20-50 years . 
  this the real challenge to europe . 
  we need to develop and test schemes that would help with that now . 
  more carrot and solidarity : after the stick is in place the mandatory quota system can be put in place for the asylum seekers that pass eu criteria . 
  without a way for dealing with economic immigrants there is no way this can pass . 
  generally day to day minimal . 
  the only conversations i 've had with lithuanians where on / r/europe . 
  maybe i 'm just unlucky . 
  the relationship is both good coming from : * shared history * cultural similarity * resistance to the soviet union and bad coming from : * bad break up of the polish-lithuanian nationality during the spring of nations ( and eventually the creation of polish an lithuanian as nation states after 1918 ) going as far some people declaring themselves lithuanian and some polish in one family ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gabriel_narutowicz first president of poland and his brother https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanis%c5%82aw_narutowicz that signed the declaration of independence of lithuania ) * classim that led to the polish nobles and polonised lithuanian nobles to be seen as occupiers by the rest of the country even when the polish constituted the majority in some regions * this led to the the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbeligowski%27s_mutiny and the joining of vilinius to poland in 1920 * currently there is the ongoing affair with the treatment of the polish minority in lithuania which is not helped in any way by the polish minority being idiots and their leader should be deported to moscow as traitor to both poland and lithuania . 
  all in all lithuanians are family but we have been estranged for some time . 
   early 90s from what i remember reading since poland was interested in re-creating a form of federation i think you are mistaking 90 's with 20 's . 
  in poland there is korwin and all of its predecessors ( upr , knp , wip ) led by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_korwin-mikke they got 3 people into the sejm in 91 ' ( though at that time a joke party https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_beer-lovers%27_party got 16 in ) last time they 4/51 in ep last elections and almost got into sejm in 2015 . 
  thought they are not socially left ( hard conservatives they just do n't wont the state to have say in how private people discriminate each other ) . 
  do you have a time table that expects you being late and plan accordingly ? 
  or do you just do n't care balkan style . 
  drinking is not a game :d . in poland the only drinking games i 've seen were organized by or for foreign exchange students or as a part of team building exercise . 
  sometimes also during weddings . 
  if drinking is the main event of the evening you get some proper food ( `` zakaski '' ) and vodka you sit around the table and you drink . 
  no need for games , everybody that wants to , will be drunk by the end . 
  forcing more alcohol faster just leads to people looking like on a british stag party . 
  you mean the battle of mokra ? 
  well defending favorable terrain is the opposite of charging :d . delaying and harassing was it 's intended role . 
  the cavalry name was mostly traditional as it operated as mounted infantry . 
  the charge was against infantry with a halftrack emerging from a forest later . 
   cab driver wont accept credit card in europe company cabs in poland now usually have card readers but not 100 % and depends on the city . 
  i do n't really remember much before the fall of the iron curtain but i remember i watched star trek tng on tv either in 88 ' or 89 ' . 
  also the biggest hits got through even before that but mostly through cinema since tvs were not that common . 
  [ proof cinema moskwa in warsaw with a banner for apocalypse now !, 
  during martial law ] ( http://digitalcamerapolska.pl/imgcache/images/4/7/0/c3jjps9pbwfnzxmvnc83lzavmzq3mc1demfzx0fwb2thbglwc3lfmtk4mv9mb3rvz3jhzl9dahjpc19oawvkzw50agfslmpwzyzjcm9wc2nhbgu9msz4ptamet0wjnc9mtiwmczopte3odymdze9nzuwjmgxptexmty=_srcd044675e10524973173e121fd6ae22d6.jpg ) or star wars when it came out . 
  dynasty was also a great success in polish tv in the 80 's . 
  after 89 ' came to poland a real flood of american culture with cable and satellite companies springing up transmitting foreign programing , tv programs that basically played bootleg vhs tapes on air , vhs rental stores filling with movies . 
  all of that was seen as very desirable and breath of freedom . 
  i got my first good contact with english by watching cartoon network and later jay leno and conan on nbc when i grew older . 
  from sports the only american sport that is popular in poland is nba and big boxing matches . 
  i really liked the first run of family guy but when they came back after the cancellation ( hiatus ? ), 
  it was like a the replaced all the writers for less mature ones . 
  they did n't want to anger muslims ? 
  i think the reverence of religion in usa extends to other religions while in europe even media that previously had guidelines against showing muhammad lifted them as a reaction . 
  but you know this image ? 
  last january , shooting in paris in the office of the satirical journal charlie hebdo https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlie_hebdo_shooting the stated cause of the attack were numerous covers depicting muhammad . 
  the covers were republished in european newspapers as a protest and censored in the us . 
  though there was that gallery of blasphemous art that was attacked in america . 
  first of isis attacks in europe ( well first in the eu at least , but turkey and russia had attacks of non isis muslim extremists ), 
  not really , berlusconi is more like chicago or new jersey politicians . 
  corrupt , idiotic , always doing shady things with the law but on a grand scale harmless . 
  also more of a symptom of the lower level corruption then anything . 
  eu trump would be people like gert vilders , le pen , leaders of jobbik in hu , fpo in au etc. 
  but even they try to be more even worded , at least for now . 
  the uk candidates for trumpness do n't really fit even though the campaigned a bit similarly before brexit . 
   dunno , pretty common for that time less then now , normal ( roman ) catholic will be called rzymskokatolicki in the archives , there are other version of catholic there ok back to watching portugal get wrecked :d edit : well fuck, 
  yeah might be a problem without polish but it seem you can at least find a place where the municipal records for that region are kept . 
  there software is available in english but the descriptions of the actual documents are only in polish and not all of them are there .
