  the current world order is i think better for everybody . 
  it does not do it at the request of germany , but id does use them for germany 's benefit . 
  unless you think germany , a major world exporter , would be doing ok in world without freedom of navigation and trade . 
  the us uses it 's carriers against any threats to free navigation ( on which globalized trade is based on and that has benefited germany greatly ) . 
   given the absence of a perceived military threat germans will simply give you a funny look and maybe ask back `` defense against whom ? '', 
  this look really great next the the research posted like two moths ago here that said that germans want european solidarity ( 75 % for ) as long as it does not include sending any people or money ( 75 % against ) . 
   it was also especially those peripheral states that were so insistent on denying help . 
  well poland and the rest of v4 sent some border guards to hungary . 
  to be fair there where well on their way to become a member , so they did n't have to but they chose to support their ( future treaty ) allies . 
   to stay independent you see many of those unaligned countries outside of spheres of influence of a bigger power in europe ? 
  yes protecting the government of mali from al qaida while invited there is defense . 
  since in poland you can face the same situation ( some expensive treatments for rare conditions are just not refunded ) some people are faced with a similar choice ( go and fuck yourself like the government told you or do something about it on your own ) . 
  this ends up with a lot of personally targeted donation drives run through existing foundations ( caritas , red cross etc. ), 
  that handle the legal paperwork and help with the organization while the person ( or most commonly their family ) is mostly expected to send out donation requests and prepare the marking materials . 
  nowadays this mostly happens through social media . 
  sometimes if the campaign is successful enough the government is shamed into changing some procedures to partly pay . 
  the success of such a campaign is predicated on the usual emotional connection factors that govern charity like you described but i pretty sure not only children in wheelchairs get funded ( though it 's easier to produce emotionally engaging material with them ) . 
  i do n't know how many campaigns are successful . 
  why ? 
  it would be the only choice not favoring a member ( well beside ireland and malta but i 'm no really afraid of them dominating the eu ), 
  immigrants imposing their way of life on people . 
  not respecting local traditions . 
  it 's more of a jab at the alternative definition of a republic only used in the us that basically means `` representative democracy '' while in europe ( and the rest of the world as far as i know ) it usually means just `` not monarchy '' . 
  yeah i think even now the ecb needs a more expansionist policy but i just wanted to point out that spain acted quite responsibly and it payed off ( maybe not enough to be happy about it but enough to not be sad ) . 
   catobar system goes with nuclear powering . 
  it is n't mandatory , but it 's highly recommended . 
  it sure goes great with nuclear because of the reason you mentioned but it 's not like conventional carriers with catobar are unknown . 
  us had 8 conventional supper cariers ( 4 each of forrestal and kitty hawk ) with steam catapults and carriers had steam catapults since the end of ww2 ( late essex and midway ) . 
  a conventional catobar carrier is more expensive then a one using svtol but allows for higher combat loads . 
  and nuclear one is even more expensive but offers even higher capabilities ( no need for refueling , power generation , desalination ability ), 
   . do n't lower debt load . 
  would n't that make you another greece , just this time with an actual economy that would be too big to bail out ? 
  they were designed to be capable of catobar from the start ( as in there is place to put it during a significant refit in maybe 20 years ) but it was deemed expensive so it was just an option . 
  after the first was built that they changed their mind and thought they would do the other one with catobar and then what you described happened . 
   carriers will be quite large so they accomodate for regular planes . 
  they will be large enough to use catobar but they will not install it to save money . 
  i think they fit the existing definition , gaining hard proof to get them sentenced proved hard though even when the government was not sympathetic . 
  it was, 
  well their words do n't promote them so their campaign was kosher . 
   go test their courage against a wild boar in pl not a good idea , if the boars do n't run away it means they have young nearby and will fuck you up, 
  they seceded from the soviet union before russia did . 
   herd that does not look like a proper collective noun for tanks maybe an armored fist of tanks, 
   cinquecento now try translate that :d also it 's seicento so it should be fiat 600, 
   speaking tour fully denying any deaths due to socialism in russia / eastern europe , china and cambodia etc with no problem . 
  not in eastern europe you ca n't , in poland the law forbids promoting totalitarian regimes with special mention of nazism and soviet communism, 
   , but only because the old regime was on the way out . 
  pis actually withdrew their complaint to the tribunal because they wanted to fuck it up their own way . 
  this shows they are not interested in rule of law . 
  the tribunal when it took the decision was still the old one and sill independent . 
  it also rejected many laws of the previous government before that when pis was not in power . 
   these are simply agreements to stem the migrant flow and that affects all major eu countries . 
  the southern partnership of the eu was always championed by france to help project their influence . 
  not that i think it 's bad , the eu needs a policy like that , just like it needs one for the east . 
  probably we need more of both . 
   we did n't offer any of those countries some `` offer that they can not refuse ukraine basically got that offer . 
   and france does give tunisia money great . 
  tunisia is probably the best investment in na . 
   if poland can offer them a cool billion ... go for it man . 
  can is a good word to use here, 
  there is a host of eu partnerships targeted at north africa . 
  hear , hear !, 
  when you get even to 1.5 % we can have this discussion again and see if it 's enough . 
   we have drones already on the way . 
  yeah last i 've read the news they changed the name since it had no way of being completed by 2020  ammo you want to buy cruise missiles ai n't cheep and neither are the platforms to launch them . 
  stockpiles of laser guided munitions that can last more then 2 days of operations , all needs backups and a lot of money to keep it ready . 
  capabilities available in 5 years are no help when the conflict is now . 
  might not need the whole 30 bn but half of can be spent easily on important stuff . 
   we were just expected to pay for an aircraft we did n't need that 's exactly what the other countries say since only france wanted a carrier capable plane ( i might be mistaken but the others did n't even want multirole craft only a fighter while france wanted to standardize on only one plane ), 
  yeah and they were stopped by the court , the system worked . 
  then came pis did the same , then blocked the courts ability to make decisions , used the president to block the lawful nomination on a technicality ( he did n't take their oath ) , waited till the term of the chairman of the court was over replaced him with a yeswoman ( also in a partly illegal way ) that allowed the 3 illegally chosen members to judge and now the court is taken over by political apointees . 
  ammo for joint operations so what happened in lybia to european forces would not happen again . 
  spy sats , military comsats . 
  speed up a drone program ( europe will not have a competitor to global hawk for 10 more years at current rate ) , domestically produced armed drones . 
  all this has the benefit of being produced in germany today or being commercially viable like the drones . 
  france fucked that up when they left the eurofighter program to do their own thing . 
  / u/istilllikechieftain we are going to integrate our submarine operations http://navaltoday.com/2016/06/29/germany-poland-initiate-submarine-cooperation/ i did n't really make the news in poland . 
  we 'll see if the this continues since pis has been purging the military for the last year . 
   remind me again who supplies the abrams main gun ? 
  america ( watervliet arsenal , new york . 
  ) , they produce it domestically . 
  it is licensed from rheinmetall though, 
  there was supposed to be a joint command of subs with germany and poland . 
  so far it 's not really anything to write about since poland only has token subs at the moment ( one very old kilo and ~ 5 even older kobens ) that are used to keep the people training . 
  we should order some new ones this year . 
   even here in / r/europe might get you banned from / r/russia . 
  do you get a message about that , is there and achievement ? 
  i never said that would make sense . 
  i agree with the problem , the current solution works for me ( especially since unicode is a thing , the diacritic problem is solved i thing for all of the languages with over a million speakers and on it 's way for the rest ) . 
  there was and article about `` evidence '' and another about `` no proof '' that 's consistent since there is no conflict between the two . 
   which languages does it have enough letters for , then ? 
  latin ( only since u was added , originally romans used v for both u and v ), 
  once macedonian claims to alexandria come to light i 'm sure egypt will reconsider . 
  same with persia when macedonia demands persepolis , susa and access to the persian gulf through the ports of ur and harmozia, 
  the only valuable thing that comes out of buzzfeed is statistics about what shite media gets the best clickthrough . 
  their good at their job , it 's that their job is to make a statistics driven tabloid . 
  well the point is the latin alphabet has not enough letters so we get accent marks . 
  which is true . 
  but it does not really have enouth letters for the germanic and romance languages either since all of them use accents ( except english which uses no orthography at all and the letters are at best guidelines on how to read it ), 
  they should bring together a strong anti-alexandrian coalition in the un that will oppose macedonian irredentism i 'm sure egypt , persia , taxila , porus and nanda empire will firmly stand together . 
  most do n't , le pen got a `` loan '' from a bank in prague .
