  they just had had a better balance of power between democratic forces and the former state power . 
  it mostly worked where people where able to unite around and nationalistic/antisoviet platform . 
  belarus , ukraine and russia did not really have a platform like that so it ended like it ended . 
  i think i 've been a badger though i do n't rember why . 
  you can take the east and have all of historic lithuania together . 
  it 's all those bloody jedists i tell you . 
  being indoctrinated by foreign movies , grouping with other radicals . 
  well you should only count the cost above the normal cost of a path ( no that i expect it will make it much better ) . 
  i on the other hand applaud her choice of sensible clothes for winter ( armored ) trekking . 
   you ca n't give life sentences , because `` muh freedom to murder '' . 
  you ca n't ? 
  since when ? 
  most of the countries that do n't have life sentences have `` 25 years + how long we conisider you a threat after that '' which is the basically the same . 
   you have to put kids with very severe leraning disabilitys into the same class as the other kids , to avoid `` discrimination '' again what ? 
   how about a non-useless class about how the eu works integrated into the curriculum instead of useless changes ? 
  every time something like this is proposed it 's eu adding propaganda for children, 
  put that in a top comment for visibility, 
  so get me the data change of the median wage then ( that link gives the oecd data sources you can start ther ) instead of your anecdotes . 
  the median probably grew a bit less then the average , but the claim was it did n't grow at all . 
  yeah just the experts are usually a little less impressive . 
   fun if you like to bath in toxic bile . 
   the average income of people is basically the same as 10 years before except that 's not true https://www.tuc.org.uk/economic-issues/labour-market/uk-workers-experienced-sharpest-wage-fall-any-leading-economy-tuc, 
  but you can blame it twice . 
  everybody forgets about poland :d ~ 2000 ( lower in later years ) actually with another ~ 2000 in afghanistan . 
  poland has no power projection and no use for it we sent what we could . 
   saddam would have lived forever , thus avoiding an otherwise inevitable four-way civil war between the iraqi army , sunni/shia militias and kurds no it would probably end in chaos either way . 
  but maybe if the us waited , prepared and made a plan instead of going in balls deep the effect would be better . 
   and what good is democracy outside of europe anyway , right ? 
  is there a place that got democracy handed to it through outside intervention that did not have it before ( so was liberated ) that worked . 
  you can help a society transition to democracy but without the will of the people ( and a lot of people ) you will just get warlords organizing elections to legitimize themselves not democracy . 
  so we are going from background to prelude . 
   deaths which could have been avoided if we 'd had allies . 
  you 've had allies , every country in the east went with you against better judgment into that shithole only because you asked . 
  what do you expect was supposed to happen if france went with you ? 
  the iraqis would have stopped being people torn by sectartian conflict suppressed for years by a dictarship that took sides ? 
   even without allies , most of it could have been avoided . 
  maybe , same might be said about implementing a better version of food for oil . 
   four weeks of military intervention in 2003 yeah mission accomplished , home before summer . 
   no one thought they were made up . 
  believing blixe 's reports and believing bush 's and blair 's smoking gun and al qaida ties is another . 
   up to a million iraqis that 's a bold claim , the studies vary and a lot give lower numbers but even this high estimate is equal to the high estimated number of deaths caused by the war over the next decade ( including those caused by lawlessness , breaking of infrastructure etc. ) . 
  that means if there was a stable iraqi government in 2013 the war would have been just as bad as next decade of sanctions . 
  unfortunately we also still do have isis . 
  and that 's just the cost for iraq . 
  if you compare the outcome from a us point of view the us lost trillions of dollars and 30k soldiers ( 4k dead ) to get a humanitarian result marginally worse then sanctions . 
   no , they were actually saying they 'd use their veto to block the un from doing it because the charges where made up . 
  the war was stupid . 
  usa spent a lot of money and life and health of it 's military men to gain nothing and make iraq a worse place . 
  great fucking job , now blame it on europe . 
   to oppose us at the un in 2003 are you saying iraq was a good idea ? 
  what france and germany where saying was it 's a stupid idea and usa should not do it . 
  and they where right . 
   china and russia are selling , and argentina is already in talks with china . 
  they might want too piss of the uk ( especially russia ) but they probably wo n't do it for free and it will take some time . 
   a concentrated surprise raid a la the six day war could potentially put that unit out of action . 
  with what the pucar\u00e1s ? 
   it 's the f-35 that 's the question . 
  are the b version deliveries delayed again ? 
  i do n't see anything about them being more late then the carriers . 
  i 'm not saying it will be easy for the uk to project force there but argentina is also in a much worse position then it was during the falklands war ( also economically ) . 
   they can at least afford missiles , which is all they need to prevent a british counterattack . 
  can they ? 
  when nobody is selling . 
  https://www.defenseindustrydaily.com/two-to-tango-argentina-looking-for-new-warplanes-022821/ they have their own missile with 25km range but no planes to carry it . 
  can their antiship missiles repel the eurofighters stationed on the islands ? 
  half of argentine navy is unfit to go out to sea ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_argentine_navy_ships ) their airforce is not really better :  when barack obama visited in march 2016 , air force one was accompanied by us air force f-16 's because argentina could only offer pucar\u00e1s and pampas for air defense . 
  [ 24 ] they are unlikely to finish any deal in time before the uk 's carriers become operational in 2020 . 
  argentina ca n't afford anything so there at at least not contest there . 
   to play two pianos simultaneously '' . 
  there is ? 
  i would use `` holding two magpies by the tail '', 
  the polish will be able to get citizenship then :p, 
   wtf is wrong with this sub worst comments are downvoted to hell and from people with no flair/a new account/american . 
  it 's drive by racism . 
   and protecting the baby seals . '', 
  canadians need not apply . 
  a newspaper sold by an urchin on the corner screaming `` extra !, 
  there is talk in poland that we need to build everything in the next 6 years since we wo n't be getting any more money ( comparatively ) in the next eu budget . 
  it 's only for names in non latin alphabets . 
  all names in latin alphabets ( czech , german , lithuanian etc. ), 
  can be written as is in polish documents, 
  the one that rules, 
  hungary 's orban just met last week with our glorious leader to give him more tips . 
   the proper one is to completely redo the exterior . 
  the exterior is not new really since its all thermal insulated now ( 20cm of styrofoam on the exterior ) . 
  but putting anything more would not only be much more expensive , the added weight might be too much for the building . 
  it 's dull as fuck , when you add to it the grey skies in the back and brown grass in the winter it gets really depressing . 
  that 's why i would prefer something brighter . 
  it works ok in the summer and if there is real winter ( snow sun frost ) but we only get like 2-3 weeks of that lately . 
  are you living at the homeless dormitory at the university of life, 
  in poland there a lot of discussion ad some people prefer `` tasteful '' and some prefer `` bright '' . 
  so my neighborhood is cappuccino with pistachios while another one is dinosaurs and mountains . 
  i actually prefer the bright colors . 
   you are not reading or not comprehending anything at all are you . . no i 'm not comprehending what you are trying to say because you do n't put out coherent statements except `` west is responsible '' . 
  give an argument , point me to some article somewhere that explains it better , anything . 
  in what way the west played a role in the rise of the ussr which was the force most responsible for the suffering of russians in the last 70 years ? 
  how do your propose the west is responsible for the failed transition to market economy in russia and ukraine as opposed to the successful ones in v4 , baltics and romania . 
  all of them where backed and pushed by the west . 
  i personally i think the russian transition was fucked because the fall of the ussr happened too fast and the 50 year policy of autarchy . 
  but the west was doing their best to slow it down fearing the destabilization and war not the other way around ( at least after late 80 's before that nobody was expecting it to fall at all in the foreseeable future ) .
