   what ? 
  something like 40 % of poland 's population lives in the countryside i checked the data and apparently it did n't budge in the last 20 years , that 's a bit surprising . 
  yeah it 's one of hundreds of varieties ( doc and dsgt ) named in italian or a local designation ( so a god forsaken village ) that 's not exactly helpful . 
  it 's like giving me a list of ikea furniture only described by the swedish names without sorting them on based on whether they are chairs , tables or lamps . 
  i 'm sure they are similar enough to get a more general classification then that . 
  for poland it probably is close , there is not that much people in the countryside anymore and only in the east there is significant production of moonshine . 
  i tried a lot of wines already and i like dry full red wine ( cabernet sauvignon , pinot noir , malbec , syrah ) . 
  i want to buy something close to that , i can handle the rest ( by trial and error ) . 
  start just writing that on the bottle so i do n't have to look up the god forsaken village it was made in and i 'll be happy . 
  now can i get a map ( or a list ) that actually allows me to buy wine according to my taste ? 
  the fact that it 's red is not really helpful . 
  that 's why i buy new world wine , i should not need a sommelier to get wine from a supermarket . 
  yeah and ? 
  the etymology go the other way . 
  realistic noises for people that only listen to gunfire in movies, 
  i checked the web pages and now most just have the coat of arms and a name but they all use a different font ... arghhhhhhhh, 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/slave#etymology sure looks like it does . 
  northern socialists has the same abbreviation as as national socialists , nazis confirmed, 
  depends what you do with it . 
   is n't tunisia the only country that emerged from the arab spring as an improved democracy ? 
  the radicals lost in tunisia so some of them are looking for other places to fight . 
  paraguay also wanted to prussia , ended up with probably around 1/3 of the population dead in the paraguayan war . 
  but prussia did have a good 150 year run ( broken by napoleon in the middle ), 
   reasonable changes to avoid that ? 
  stress on reasonable, 
   which would have avoided nazi germany for example ... how would it avoid a nazi germany , germany was not occupied by the nazies , they did not have universal support but enough so that the an armed citizens movement would more likely be pro them then against . 
  that church looks ridiculously oversized, 
  gibraltar joined the eu ? 
  an emulation so good it reimplements all the bugs of the original system :d, 
  cia unclasified that map lately , and other interesting maps . 
  the blurry text at the bottom look like it was made by oss the precursor of cia . 
  i asked you to give me an example of manipulating democracy an you give me a bloody military junta that came to power through a military coup . 
  that looks so nordic . 
  i do n't think that narrative is correct , merkel did n't really explicitly invite anybody . 
  though i think she should have said `` anybody without right to asylum will be returned '' instead of `` nobody with right to asylum will by turned back '' . 
  both statements describe the same process of following german law which was the intention but one encourages people . 
  but the guy i was replying to looks to me like he is looking for any excuse to let the migrants come ( and stay ) . 
   it sorta does because they have nowhere to go otherwise . 
  except the countries they left that were safe . 
   well , in theory it 's also supposed to secure  your human rights which include proper living conditions . 
  probably 1 billion of issues , if you put the the bar on sacrificing yourself to help people this low you are in for a hard rest of human history on earth . 
   if you mean european nations by that , they are . 
  countries like germany , sweden , france pay a lot for those camps and support jordan directly with monetary packages . 
  germany averaged about 150 mln $ for the last 5 years to unhcr ( http://reporting.unhcr.org/donor-profiles?y=2015 ) that 's 1/10 of the cost of only registration of migrants ( http://www.politico.eu/article/refugee-crisis-cost-germany-over-e20-billion-in-2016/ ) and 1/100 of total costs in germany . 
  that money would be much better spent outside of germany . 
  the migrants did n't stop to ask if they are willing to honor that obligation . 
  but that does not really change anything . 
  any countries on the road not honoring a legal obligation does not put a obligation on germany . 
  beside turkey has with great problems but honored it 's obligation and taken more then their fair share , similarly jordan has gone out of it 's way to help . 
  what they did n't do is go out of it 's way to stop further illegal travel , which is sensible since it lessens the burden on them and pushes the problem into the face of richer countries that should be at least paying for the un refugee camps . 
  they also only done the bare minimum in regards to living conditions , but the refugee convention does not protect from shitty lives in shitty camps , it protects from people trying to kill you . 
  so it is germany inviting them ( willing to take them when no legal requirement exists ) ? 
  it is ? 
  the us is known for supporting dictators to further their interests but active manipulation of democracies was not really needed so i would like some examples if they are well known . 
  everybody knows slovenia is set apart from the balkans or filthy eastern europe . 
  this is not surprising :d, 
  the swedes call this `` great power '' empire is only used in english afaik, 
  i 've seen the effect of the deluge compared to the 30 years war ( in regards to % of population killed ) . 
  a bit smaller but in the same order of magnitude . 
  his followers will not be swayed by a rating but they might be by reality on the ground . 
   to undermine the government over 20 years spent on organizations that promote `` western '' values . 
  the fact that democracy and free speech undermine 3/4 of ukraine governments since 1990 is another subject , but it means that you do n't even have to be a hypocrite when doing it . 
  yeah the media making shooters famous . 
   dude , you 're the one defending poles for turning in jews because they were afraid for their families . 
  people are only defending not helping jews in a passive way . 
  those who actively turned them in are scum and deserved a sentence for treason and a bullet , unfortunately only some of them got that then . 
  while the article lumps those two things together . 
   with the rest rejected , informed upon or killed by the rural poles themselves . 
  those 3 are not equivalent , rejection was a natural choice for everybody since accepting them involved risking your life , your whole family and probably even your neighbors . 
   she said only about 10-20 percent of those survived , that 's s misleading figure since their could have many causes of that . 
  germans where actively searching for therm and you only needed one snitch in a village destroy the good willed efforts of the rest of the village . 
  votes, 
  heh in poland they love it , their voters go to vote straight after church and always vote because of it . 
   the eu considers that garbage renewable yet it releases more carbon emissions than coal the point is it does not release additional carbon since the carbon was taken out of the atmosphere first by growing the biomass . 
  you probably also need more wolves at least in some places . 
  it 's also even less democratic . 
  they already sold them once , those are cetme 58 and l guns probably spanish surplus that was sold in africa . 
  http://blogs.esa.int/janwoerner/2016/11/23/moon-village/ soon, 
  you know what you need ? 
  wolves . 
  middle england occupies london , uk government approves , mayor of london disapproves . 
  historians writing this down say sod it go to the pub for a pint leaving a note `` call us when you all calm down '' . 
  those are all niggling issues that will take a lot of time to handle but none of them them beside what i described are really urgent . 
  after a deal is made that makes sure that millions of people do n't have to uproot their lives we can make sure that the dozen or so uk politicians that work in eu local governments can continue their careers . 
  i was actually thinking more like `` everybody living in the eu or britain 1 full year before the conclusion of the brexit treaty gets permanent residence '' . 
  everything you described else is out of scope even for the a50 negotiations since it concerns later eu-uk treaties that will be signed after finally they brexit . 
  edit : i think that later treaty should proably start negotiations next year when the troublesome areas of the brexit treaty are identified . 
   ( no personality , just effectiveness , no need for comfortable life etc ) . 
  those are definitions of the quality of manufacture that are not required to the apartment block . 
  scandinavia showed that you can do it right ( well better , there is no magic that will give you cheap homes and big quality of life ) . 
  it 's like saying sedans are shitty cars because you owned a wolga . 
  no i 'm assuming that saying `` no negotiations before a50 '' does not mean `` no negotiations before a50 except a few issues we will negotiate '' . 
  i assume the deal about the people will be struck right at the start . 
  well the eu 's stance was no negotiations before article 50 , a guarantee without reciprocity would be stupid on uk 's part . 
  so nothing to really see here . 
  but similar but capitalist blocks where happening all over the world . 
  the only thing communism was responsible was the material shortages that led to their low quality . 
  would you suspect a slow motion surprise ? 
  of course not . 
  headology .
