  for example for bielsko ( bielsko and bia\u0142a were merged in 51 ' ) you can see here : http://baza.archiwa.gov.pl/sezam/ela.php?l=en&amp;s%5bm1%5d=bielsko&amp;s%5bs1%5d=&amp;s%5bs2%5d=&amp;s%5bsymbol%5d=&amp;search=search http://baza.archiwa.gov.pl/sezam/pradziad.php?l=en&amp;miejscowosc=bielsko&amp;gmina=&amp;wojewodztwo_id=0&amp;wyznanie_id=0&amp;rodzajaktu_id=0&amp;search=search the pages of the archives are mostly also available in english so you can read about what they can and ca n't do https://www.archiwa.gov.pl/en/92-for-archive-users they actually say there that they reply to emails so maybe you could try that after you get some more details on what to look for specifically ( town , parish , religion ) . 
  after doing that from home only you then would plan a trip to see the archives in person . 
  that 's a bit funny because both would clearly mark you as foreigner in poland , at least in writing . 
  thanks for your story . 
  if you do n't mind me asking what about your first name ? 
  is it something typically dutch or something more neutral . 
  heh ok , my mind was just thinking about actual food :d . deep fried mars and snickers are probably even worse . 
   we 've deep fried far worse . 
  far worse then pure fat ? 
  hmmm maybe deep fried mac and cheese would be worse . 
   also how is grits and gravy unhealthy ? 
  explain ? 
  only in the `` will make you fat as fuck '' if you eat a lot way . 
  i 'm sure they taste great ( here we have either gravy with something or grits with something ) but damn that it 's easy to overindulge on it and eat a days worth of food in one sitting . 
  might be ok in the winter but beside that it 's a caloric bomb . 
  deep fried butter on a stick ( iowa ? ), 
  grits with gravy ( carolina 's ? 
  virginia ? ), 
  well before bike lanes were more common cheap mtb were a bit more practical unless you used streets all the time ( i 'm still afraid to do that outside small side streets with little traffic ) as you never knew if you had to take a dirt path or start jumping over broken sidewalk . 
  there is the question `` do you live to work or work to live '' the usa seams to have answered the question differently then ( most of ) europe . 
  well they are a paramilitary organization . 
  dressing in uniforms , working in teams , group spirit , hierarchical structure , survival skills , self reliance . 
  basically the only thing missing is learning to kill people . 
  should n't brussels be separate on that chart :d, 
  well i support yugoslavian identity . 
  all the wars - or more specifically all the wars in europe from my recollection semi chronologically without any googling : greek-persian war , athens-sparta war , conquests of alexander punic wars 1-2 , conquest of gaul , gothic invasion , huns williams invasion of england , recoquista , crusades , mongols 100 years war , 30 years war , war with the teutonic order , 13 years war great northern war , swedish deluge , chmielnicki uprising english civil war , american war of independence , french revolution and acociated wars , kosciuszko 's insurection napoleonic wars , january and november uprisings american civil war , franco-prussian war world war 1 boer wars , polish-bolshevik war , spanish civil war world war 2 the program actually goes on but we never have been able to finish the last lessons at school because we needed to skip ' 89 - '91 for the end of communist rule as a more important lesson then korea or vietnam ( bosnia and gulf 1 were still fresh then ) for the wars that are important : * 30 years war - or specifically the peace of westphalia - it 's less important in poland since the polish-lithuanian commonwealth already had freedom of religion codified by law but it served as the basis of defining states in international law instead of feudal fiefs * french revolution and napoleonic wars because they affected all of europe and brought changes that can be felt to this day ( napoleonic code was very influential on many legal systems ) * world war 1 - obviously * world war 2 - obviously, 
  not really since it was not something that contributed to liberation of poland while the polish army in the west mostly thought in the italian campaign and later in market garden . 
  we do have a big recreation in high tourist season on our beaches https://pl-pl.facebook.com/d-day-hel-387969107922578/?_fb_noscript=1, 
  not all but a lot . 
  because being in the first world does not mean being developed , mexico and turkey ( more so ) were in the first world since the start and you are not surprised there is emigration from them to richer states . 
  greece and portugal were in the first world from the start and that did not save them from being economic shitshows . 
  of the `` worlds '' only the 3rd is really relevant now , as in countries too weak and not aligned with someone stronger that are ripe for exploitation . 
  the rest of the divisions are more meaningful ( developed/developing/underdeveloped , west/east/mena / sa/ssa ) preferably used at the same time to be more precise . 
  have an upvote for the original definition but the soviets are now gone and their allies do n't wo n't anything to do with what 's left . 
  that means their is no second world , beside we are us allies and in nato so this particular split become meaningless . 
  do people really play or is just exchange students when learning about swedish culture ? 
  never saw anyone in a park playing beside us . 
  966\u00a01410\u00a01776\u00a01918 1939\u00a01981\u00a01989\u00a01991 edit because i always fuck up the first one, 
  each european country has this codified differently so the comparisons are hard but i think tend to come from the same core . 
  in poland the prohibition is on `` promoting fascist or other totalitarian regimes or inciting to violence based on ethnic or religious differences '' and another clause about producing imagery ( any form ) with the intent of committing the main crime . 
  there are explicit exceptions for art , collectors and scientists and the crime is very hard to prove unless someone says `` i plan to create the iv reich , everybody vote for me and i will abolish elections and bring a era of state oppression not seen since stalin . '' . 
  the main point though is that the crime is not some taboo of showing the symbols but of the active promoting of the overthrow of the free and democratic system currently in place ( actual results may vary :d ) and replacing it with oppressive totalitarian one . 
  it 's a crime against public order and the freedoms it protects . 
  in the united states from what i see it could be seen as sedition and people have been convicted for it . 
  btw you can say to your libertarian friend that people dealing in absolutes like him deserve to be eaten first when the public order breaks :d, 
  the acronym is cest for summer time corresponding to cet and bst ( or west ) corresponding to gmt ( wet ) . 
  i 've only seen it in a technical capacity when working with computer systems most people will just say cet meaning the time zone of most of europe regardless of the date . 
  the summer time is coordinated across europe except russia , belarus and iceland who do n't use summer time at all so you do n't need to specify summer time since everybody switches at the same time https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/summer_time_in_europe so the relative offsets stay the same . 
  actually valve stopped selling from luxembourg last year since they would have to charge the target country vat ether way . 
  now it 's the valve in the us that sells you stuff check your email with the invoice . 
  mine actually gave me the 23 % tax that is correct for poland . 
  the email receipt actually gives me all the information like this : saints row : the third - bloodsucker pack subtotal ( excl . 
  vat ) : 0,21 $ vat at 23 % : 0,05 $ total : 0,26 $ the 0,26 was the price i saw in the store , the vat is reverse calculated from the price since everybody sees the final price as the same . 
  so it really does n't matter what vat you pay on steam for you since they take the cut from their part . 
  the same with gog that is hqed in cyprus , they just say `` all prices include vat if applicable . '' . 
  the you get ~ 21 % seems strange . 
  look like you made the maths error like pobotuga described . 
  the answer is more maths less games so you can have more games later :d, 
  rrigby gives a great write up . 
  my knowledge of the top of my head is less but i remember this there is the directly elected parliament the indirectly elected council ( representatives from each government ) and the commission which is as close to a government ( having ministries/departments on specific subjects ) as the eu has , this is probably the least democratic institution as the election is done by deals inside the council and the parliament ( much as in a coalition government just with a coalition of 26 parties dived into about 6 factions ) . 
  i never remember the proper names for each of them . 
  i understand the working of my national government better since it 's in the news constantly and it 's simpler ( generic 2 chamber parliament with a semi-parliamentary system of government ) . 
  also when similar topics were discussed in school the current eu system did not exist yet :p ) the council is the weak point really and replacing it with directly elected chamber that keeps the vote balance intact would be good . 
  beside legitimizing the commission ( which would be singly indirectly elected not twice removed ) it would also put the most important legislative body in the eu on a sensible election cycle instead of having a national election each 6 months that blocks decisions from at leas one member . 
  i do n't see that happening soon as it is the national governments are not willing to give more power to the eu even if it would be directly held by the the citizens . 
  another thing that could do some good is synchronizing the elections between the members , most already go by a about 4 year cycle ( at the same time shortening parliaments time term to 4 years ) . 
  we could have european national elections at the same time all over the eu and then in 2 year a european parliament election . 
  time it so it misses euro cup and world cup by a year and there is something happening every summer . 
  this seams like something both low effort since the dates of the election and lengths of term are not valuable by themselves so there would be little opposition and very hard ( what to do withe the transitional term , what happens when a state needs emergency elections ) . 
  well the gaps are a bit on the large side true . 
   that until relatively recently urinals were borderline unheard of in poland . 
  really ? 
  my primary school had urinals and was built in 70s , and those were some special miniature urinals for small children . 
   in north america , washroom / toilet stalls offer minimal privacy : those examples look like normal toilets i 've seen around europe and outside europe ( had similar ones in primary in all schools including uni ) . 
  the better partitioned ones are are also common and probably might be in a slight plurality but not the only type . 
  my experience is mostly the east of europe but the airport and mall ones looked similar to the ones you showed . 
   where pay toilets are much more common ( e.g. 
  at a gas station or a shopping mall ) , they are ? 
  i 've never seen a pay toilet on a gas station or in a shopping mall . 
  only when the toilet is the only thing there ( parks , streets , sometimes train or bus stations ) . 
  the only difference in comfort i 've seen is weather it is easy to clean , places that are willing to spend resources cleaning ( like malls and gas stations since you 're spending money there ) have more comfortable ones that need more work to clean . 
   thanks to availability of outdoor urinals that 's genius actually :d i hope somebody imports them to poland  moreover , in `` america '' , there 's widespread discomfort and social taboo about nudity this seams like hitting the nail on the head . 
  boczek with the lean cut ( back bacon ) sometimes refereed as `` bekon '' what do you mean bigger pieces of bacon btw ? 
  thicker cuts or just bigger then diced like this https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-9wtgiox-0pi/t27acnqnxxi/aaaaaaaaap4/edrl9bqrjty/s1600/imgp2250.jpg, 
  ch\u0142odnik litewski :d or bar\u0161\u010diai in lithuanian it 's cold borsch with cream basically and it 's delicious . 
  i 've read quite a bit poe , lovecraft and vonnegut also hemingway is in the curriculum . 
  i know of twain but i think i 've only watched part 's of various movies based on his works , though i always dig his quotes :d . 
  american literature gets shafted in school because it takes a lot of time to get through everything from the antiquity to positivism since we do it chronologically that generally means american literature can be tackled only at the end of high school with exams coming soon and then we also have neo-romantisim , polish modernism and literature during and after ww2 which is more important or our national identity . 
  after school american classics are seen as something that you would read in school if you were forced to , but most of american modern best-sellers ( 70 's and later ) are translated and do well ( at least fiction , the self help style book i think are not really applicable ), 
   from crewe drones can reach all of syria , all of tunisia , almost all of libya , almost all of turkey , almost all of egypt . 
   from hungary they can reach all of ukraine , belarus , and some of russia . 
  and with the mounting tension , that is not a good thing . 
  the us does n't put drones in european bases for many reasons , the targets are easier tor reach from the middle east bases or just bases of the host country ( like in pakistan ) , also drones are no threat to russia ( or belarus ) and they know it . 
   think that the precens of us forces in europe is 1 : portraying the eu as weak , which it is n't , it could be not weak but it does n't really care to now . 
  at least compared to it 's sized and wealth . 
  if not for the threat of the us europe would have to step up it 's game militarily ( investment wise ) and with significant integration of countries ( foreign policy ) and armies ( integration on all levels of command ) . 
   and 2 : giving putin a good reason to mobilise his army , as an enemy force is at his gate . 
  hahaha , all those americans in germany and uk are just on russia 's border , they could throw a stone . 
  are you going to propose a russian sphere of influence and some buffer states next ? 
  so far the only people that attacked countries because bases were terrorists and europe is already a target  the drones : my statement is written in the time `` future '' so you are against something that is not happening and nobody plans to do it .
