  20k selected from camps over 5 years if i recall correctly . 
  that 's so close to nothing that it 's only effect will be to show that you are doing something . 
   do n't you remember left vs right from 90s ? 
   kwasniewski vs walesa , sld vs aws ... 
  it was always we against them . 
  oh there was a lot of conflict but there was more discussion . 
  at least from from 97 ' , and even before there ware to many many small groups for it to be so confrontational . 
  and now while the conflict is not new , the front lines are drawn the sides have fortified went into trenches and all criticism is answered with `` moja racja jest mojsza niz twoja racja jest twojsza '' . 
  that difference is also important in poland where only distributing is illegal but i 've only heard it enforced online by polish copyright owners . 
  if it 's against their tos then you are accessing copyrighted content without permission . 
  also using a vpn is breaking a technological barrier to access content so you are breaking dmca which is a criminal offense in the us . 
  on the other hand most of that would probably not fly in most european countries . 
  at this point the value proposition is shit , when they come close to the value proposition when buying computer games ( steam and gog are both superior to pirating in ease of use and sensibly priced ) then i 'll think about it . 
  if it was 1/10 of the price for 1/10 of the content then sure , but right now this is bananas . 
  it 's also just as illegal as strait up pirating it, 
  hmmm my extensive knowledge of uk documentary movies ( shaun of the dead ) tells me a cricket bat is good two, 
   falsterbo why ? 
  is it any good ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palant this one is easier to learn , we played it in primary school . 
  tunisia is a ( still fragile ) secular democracy it deserves praise and help not strong arming . 
  hopefully showing it as a nice example of if you act as and adult nation we will work with you in good faith . 
  i do n't know if it will work but it does seem like course of action that has low cost and is ok with europe 's moral values . 
  as to what to do with the tunisians in germany when they commit crimes i truly do n't know , i would try to bribe the tunisian government with something hoping using the carrot is better for everyone . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv_sdbwdxyo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfgfu2xplr4 and this is how you get a british accent https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77nniy5zopg, 
  tunisia is the only country where the arab spring worked let 's not put more pressure on them as they have enough problems with islamist attacking the democratically elected and sane government . 
  i 'll take that bait . 
  :d croatian , serbian , ukrainian polish , russian , czech ps . 
  the serbs i met always told that people think they speak english with a polish accent , care to confirm/deny ? 
  it 's not easy to give a good view on it . 
  we as a nation have not been so divided in my memory ( i 'm 30 ) . 
  not only are people supporting different parties and views on what to do in the future , they see almost a different poland standing before them . 
  if you read any of the threads here about poland you probably see a lot of heated arguments completely denouncing the other side , one side are thieves and traitors and the other are unstable maniacs straight from the xix c . this is something that reflects the state of polish views right now . 
  the people that voted for pis in the elections are supporting them still mostly and they , depending on the pole would get the same or just slightly less ( but still winning , just not able to rule without another party ) . 
  the hardcore supporters are very happy about everything and even rejoice the very brutal style that they are doing it with . 
  so they have enough support for now to keep doing it , we 'll see what are their next plans . 
  the eu seams to be trying to do a bad job with this , the language they use is too exaggerated . 
  there is no coup in poland ( yet ) , there is a lot of dirty politics and regulation maneuvering . 
  the people that voted pis in are just getting their view of eu/german influence confirmed and when maybe in the future democracy will be really in danger in poland nobody will be listening to the voices that cried wolf . 
  if the tone of the outside voices does n't change it will surely have the opposite effect then intended and poland will turn authoritarian purely out of spite ( `` przekora '' in polish also see `` inat '' in serbian it has similar meaning ) . 
  btw polish to english google translate works quite good so if you are interested you can just read some polish articles , but good luck finding one that at least 60 % of poland would consider unbiased . 
  a polish-venezuelan from peru that has to be confusing . 
  to be honest that sounded like a nazi justification for not wanting the refugees . 
  the same like our great leader was talking before the elections in september . 
  when i hear people talking like that a see this poster http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10007822 . 
  the correct answer is that the refugees would have loose a lot of their convictions and beliefs to be welcome and compatible with europe . 
  and they probably are not willing . 
  we have quiet good healthcare we can cure the body without a problem but it 's harder to do with dangerous ideas . 
  they train with belarus cutting the poland-lithuania corridor regularly . 
  heh we were supposed to be the second japan and later the second ireland edit : now we probably will be the second hungary, 
  i 've been seeing this story for quite some time and and it 's always in some shit rag like daily mail . 
  you 've seen any sources that are at least semi believable ? 
  well the goal is not really the work being done but national and societal cohesion . 
  tvp sa is owned in 100 % by the polish goverment in polsat cyfrowy the parent group of the polsat channel ( 100 % of shares ) is controlled in ~ 54 % by zygmunt solo\u017c through his companies based in cyprus ( reddev and karswell ) tvn 's shares i already described canal + is just not there ( it was a minority owner of tvn till july ), 
  and i 'm talking about controlling interest . 
  canal + is a big investor yes but it controls neither of those because someone else controls the 51 % of shares, 
  we already had that it was called the 90 's and it seamed we were quite over it . 
  canal + only had majority control of tvn together with iti ( iti held 51 % of the shares of the company n-vision that controled 52.5 % shares of tvn ) and they sold it this july to scripps ( americans ) polsat is owned by it 's creator zygmunt solorz-\u017bak and tvp is public media owned by the state, 
  the whole thing can now only be resolved by an act of the parliament that would change the law back ( unlikely ) or the president that would swear in the legal judges . 
  neither will do it and the elections for both are in 4 years . 
  what will probably happen is the ct will shut down do to inability to give any ruling and government will petition to dismiss the chairman and as many of the judges as needed ( a constitutional travesty as the judges were supposed to be free from the whims of the parliament ) and nominate new ones till it can be reopened filled with judges from law and justice . 
  i hope that by this time the people will have enough and the parliament will have to dissolve itself due to many protests . 
  i do n't really know what their goal is . 
  i suspected they will come in very heavy handed like last time but nothing then ( and nothing they proposed till now ) would be against the constitution so this whole affair is surprising . 
  maybe it was just a power play , or maybe in the next few weeks will probably see the unconstitutional proposals now that they removed ct from the picture . 
  the 13 number was chosen so that the ct would have include at least one of the 3 illegally elected but sworn in judges in rulings ( the 3 legally elected judges were not sworn in by the president so they can not be used ) . 
  so right now the ct is paralyzed as it can not make any legal decision . 
  post trianon hungary taking away zimbabwe 's greatest achievement in hyperinflation by 10 ^ 4, 
  it 's an old joke from comunist time . 
  ussr industry is the best at everything they make the biggest radios , heaviest walkmans and the fastest watches . 
   most of the non-russian slavic languages have a lot of archaic words just like ukrainian . 
  including polish too heh i always considered it to to be other way around :d , every time i hear russian or serbian i hear archaic words not used anymore in poland . 
  although russian seams hardest for me by vocabulary because it had enough of people speaking it and some geographical isolation to have moved away from the rest of the slavic languages . 
  well it 's the technical stuff that makes him . 
  saint nickolas comes on his saints day 6 dec giving sweets or `` r\u00f3zgi '' which are willow or similar rods depending on weather you ware nice or naughty . 
  then on christmas eve gwiazdor would come . 
  he probably named after the bethlehem star which is also used in tradition by starting the meal when you can see the first star ( so about 1700 ) . 
  then they need better signs , i did n't see any when visiting . 
  but do you have 24/7 bakeries like in bosnia ? 
  :d also non stop stores are a thing in poland also just most of them just sell alcohol and snacks . 
   grey depressing blocks from romania an architect friend of mine from romania said that they looked that way because there where not enough architects when they were building those and the building where designed only by structural engineers with just the target to house n number of people on x meters of ground . 
  the grass ins not grass but either this http://i.imged.pl/kratka-parkingowa-chodnikowa-kostka-brukowa-1-1-m2-1661698673.jpg or this http://www.zielonyogrodek.pl/images/media2/20435betonowe_plyty_azurowe.jpg and the mud is a construction site the truck is driving out of, 
  hmm i got my details from wiki but must have missed the 300 in northern sweden . 
  my bad . 
  that still means 1/2 of the wolves in 3 times the space that is 5 times less populated ( by density ) then poland . 
  heh maybe i got a little angry at this particular case , i just find it really cruel and the people that call for wolf extermination grade a assholes . 
  and it is aggravated by the facts that they should know better . 
  if you lose your sheep to wolves then you should get your money from insurance and go on with your day instead of proposing exterminating a whole species from your surroundings . 
  both norway and sweden reimburse their farmers for losses from wolves ( or maybe all protected species ? ), 
  so they do n't even have to have private insurance for that . 
  more sheep die by falling into ditches then are killed by wolves . 
  the whole of scandinavia has 1/8 of the wolves that are in poland . 
  the swedes just want to exterminate the wolf ( again ) . 
  last i 've read about it they wanted to classify the population on the border with norway as shared so they can kill of their part . 
  pretty heartless for a supposedly nature loving nation . 
  no , because accidents and diseases happen, 
  well like till 30 years ago almost all of polish men in their 60 's and older in the uk would be ww2 veterans so probably something stayed in the general perception . 
  vw golf is enough, 
  georgia went straight for arcologies . 
  iirc the tests of the stryker said that the troops armed with it achieved 90 % ( or even 100 % ) of their goals , so it is good at what it is supposed to do . 
  it 's just that they suffered 70 % casualty rate .
