  even better , `` flag describing '' should be blazoning also from french, 
  they practice ganging up on people . 
  when you have 10 people trying to hit on guy on the ground they do n't have enough space fro proper technique . 
  it means that with this tests completed the plane is about 10 years from entering service they 'll do an early production run for training pilots and ironing out the kinks in the next 5 years and maybe then start production this takes a lot of time , though they did catch up quickly, 
   sluga gosudarev `` okay at best '' is sometimes enough :d i 'll try it and that plot summary reminded me of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_way_%282011_film%29 and also from the same director https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taegukgi_ ( film ) the people that make these korean blockbusters are really top notch also if you like more costume movies with swedes try https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_deluge_%28film%29, 
  well on the latter one there already are some movies . 
  communist propaganda made it point to glorify the polish army in the east and the soviets as great allies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czterej_pancerni_i_pies this is a great series , it has very big historical inaccuracies or straight up lies ( mostly about the polish-soviet friendship ) but has nice action and acting . 
  this one on the other hand is on a depressing note https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kana%c5%82, 
   triumph of the will https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triumph_of_the_will edit : it 's late and i think i did n't get your jab the first time :d there is a lot of space between patriotic and triumph of the will btw it is `` triumf woli '' in polish, 
  it is a great short , very dynamic and full of energy and emotions . 
  i always was curious about thoughts of other people about it . 
  for someone from poland it 's really hard hitting as every second is packed with important historic events . 
  but without that context , aside maybe the second world war , it 's just medieval ( and later enlightenment ) stuff happening . 
  i was wondering if you care to share any guesses what scenes you are watching . 
  try russian ones 9th company was good 1612 is supposedly good ( i have it on my list for like 6 years ) taras bulba was mediocre but still fun both are more fun for me because the polish are the bad guys :d a movie hast too be good first and patriotic second, 
  well most of all art is shit , people just forget all bad art from the past :d, 
  you are right on all counts . 
  here is some good analysis unfortunately only in polish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erexneiwp-i the communist label is not about the style . 
  it 's because it a built as monument of the power of the state . 
  visible from all of the city , taking up like 9 blocks of space . 
  a gift nobody wanted . 
   18 withe that warm loving attitude you ca n't be nordic, 
   and that was when the marginalized were a physical majority , not distinguishable by looks , not speaking a different language , not of a different fate . 
  this is so not true in most of europe . 
  the language differences in some places are still visible between large cities and small ones/villages . 
  the serfs were clearly distinguishable by poor health due to bad diet ( due to being poor ) . 
  also faith differences between the cities the nobles and the villages were a problem almost everywhere . 
  but you are still right that it took some time and probably would take a much longer time without wwi and wwii . 
  liechtenstein looks like the war room from dr. strangelove . 
  just close the curtains , put up a map of the world and you 're done . 
  i think there was some comments about auto banning for that some time ago and i liked the conspiracy theory so i started to continue it :d, 
  lemberg if from after the partitions . 
  i just think it was some french guy that knew some polish people . 
  edit : knew not new, 
   vilnious ( wilno )  lw\u00f3w ( lemberg ) this is some `` sub with ball shaped flags '' level of trolling :d . what year is this map from ? 
   no , why should because everybody thinks it 's boris at it again just further west . 
   he told the german army intelligence that 's fine too, 
  no it would n't be . 
  poland had stronger economic growth and less structural problems then ukraine before even applying to eu . 
  http://www.reinisfischer.com/ukraine-vs-poland-gdp-1990-2012 poland applied to the eu in 95 ' and joined 04 ' though poland would probably be worse of then it is now by many metrics . 
  there were some but they were extracted by the nazis during ww2 and by the soviets shortly after . 
  that 's not really that big of a problem . 
  the french do n't have any deposits ( any more ) and they are ok . 
  they do have to stabilize mali and niger to keep their imports safe . 
  from this map it look like the wormhole is the russian border, 
  that 's the thing i 've been saying , they are so ostracized that they only can survive in some giant backwater , and max they can achieve is a wojt position in pcim dolny . 
  only if your has 12 ` a ' and 3 ` i ' :d, 
  exactly . 
  and the police also have like what 65 % of people trusting it ( there was a thread about that with this inforgraphic http://imgur.com/rk6atug a week ago ) , that 's why they can do what they do . 
  eastern ukraine had 30 % support for the pro-russian side when the blockades started , it 's probably gone up a bit as the pro-ukrainian people run in fear and the others were probably radicalized by having been living in a war zone for almost 2 years . 
  i said that antisemites are are fringe even in our current very right wing government . 
  as in you have to look really hard to some backbenchers in maybe podlasie or some other local government without any real power to find some . 
  everybody with real power has other things on their minds . 
  you ca n't run a guerrilla war without local support . 
   you obviously forgot to mention that this `` nationalist '' and antisemite faction in 1968 was a faction of the communist party well i did mention it in the first line ( with the foreign power stuff but i 'm to lazy to put the whole polish history 39 ' to 89 ' into every post ) . 
  poland was not independent but claiming that everything that happened before 89 ' is the fault of the soviet union is a bit childish . 
  exactly and ( if i read him correctly ) he ( / u/mksaay ) considers both his father ( a polish jew ) and the the people he hates ( polish nationalists and maybe more generally non jewish poles ) polish . 
  they are lending just fine it 's just that since the prices here out of whack compared to the salaries that people need to take 20-40 year mortgages to get a flat . 
  all that is maintaining the war and keeping the ukraine 's army from gaining any ground . 
  but the russian agents galvanized quite a bit of support there ( and after that suppressed everybody that disagreed with them ) . 
  without local recruits to be led be russian agents and be helped by russian ` volunteers ' there would be no peoples republics there . 
  all the things that you mentioned are there , just without a friendly populations they would not do a so well . 
  invading ukraine is russia 's fault , but denying the internal problems and divisions that ukraine had before any of this started is not really productive . 
  russia 's reaction might have been the same if my scenario happened as it would still be against their interest and demands , but eastern ukraine 's reactions might have been different . 
  with a new government including the representatives and representing at least partial interests of donbas and lugansk maybe the russian actions inciting rebellion there would end the same way as it did in odessa . 
  i 'd love to read a short story about 2nd generation polish immigrants radicalizing and fighting for things that they are cut from by living in the uk , like non shitty bread and fizzy beer . 
  feel free to do it i publish it under cc0 :p, 
  russia invading was a ( slightly ) latter problem , you wo n't see me defending it . 
  there was a very short window in which this could have been handled peacefully in december 2013 and january 2014 ( shit i wanted to write 2014-2015 , time does fly ) with concessions from both sides ( that does not mean both sides were right , but orthodoxy leads to an escalation of violence instead of a working solution ) . 
  while there is a limit assholery of journalists before it gets unprofessional , i find it good of rule thumb that they are doing a good job when their are making the politicians angry btw i actually just watched the interview , this is as a very marginal topic and i did n't care . 
  both of them did their job , the journalist asked the correct hard questions and the minister did ( mostly ) the will of the people that elected him . 
  both of them did it in vary poor style and very unprofessionally . 
  the minister did a better job ( by quality of discussion standards ) defending very poorly though out actions then the journalist did attacking them . 
  i would prefer both of them to loose their jobs . 
  you have some good points , the amount of stuff i hear misrepresenting muslims is staggering . 
  there should not be any tolerance and acceptance of the the oppressive element of islam that tries to force it 's beliefs on other people ( this is just as valid for other systems of belief but they are not really a problem right now because they mostly lost the battle ) . 
  the main weakness of the inclusive societies of europe right now is that they misrepresented the intolerance of intolerance for xenophobia and in that opened the door for real hate . 
   the neutrality of this article is disputed :d the talk page basically confirms all my suspicions ;p . good job at good pr and making it more special . 
  but you 'll get no hate from me , half of polish traditions are probably shared with at least one of our neighbors just like in balkans . 
  i 'm not going to start throwing stones because i live in a glass house and the ukrainians an belorussians ( ruthenians ) will come and take my barszcz ( borshch ) and chrismas eve without it will be not the same . 
  you are getting downvoted because what you say is very similar to what the putin bots are saying but you are spot on . 
  ukraine was divided a for a long time on the direction it wanted to go , just for a lot of that time only the pro russian faction got any help from outside . 
  the facts are that while the dissent movement that overthrew janukovitch was fighting against the elected government it also had popular support . 
  an early election in a united ukraine would be the best course of action that would give the new government better legitimacy . 
  unfortunately i think the ruling side at the time felt they would loose and the maidan movement felt they are too strong to care . 
  damn that felt really usasian . 
  it started ok with tiha no\u0107 ( cicha noc , stille nacht , silent night ) but after that it went full ` merry christmas ' . 
  btw is the gingerbread heart in anyway connected to some history of zagreb ? 
  because it always felt very out of place to me , but you 've had a lot of a-h influence so maybe i do n't know about something . 
  68 ' was a shameful year for poland , both because of what happened in march ( the anti jewish communists got into power ) and the august invasion of czechoslovakia with the ussr and other wp ` allies ' . 
  if your father left in 68 ' i 'm not at all surprised about his hate , it is well deserved . 
  but there is a thing worth mentioning about that time , ultimately the nationalistic and antisemitic faction lost the struggle for power then and while it there are still some people that are hateful to this day they never were able to gain power , even now in the very nationalistic government they are a fringe group . 
  edit : sorry for the ninja edit i pressed submit too early . 
  might be that the daily mail was wrong at first and somebody done some fact checking later when the other papers published it . 
  or the other sites just omit nationality/ethnicity by rule . 
  funny , in the telegraph and daily mail its `` polish neighbors '' everywhere else it 's just `` neighbors '' describing the people that chased away the attackers . 
  because it seams like a wuxia movie . 
  that is cruel an unusual punishment . 
  we 're fucked it 's megatron,
