   you are either totally clueless about what is going on or just a pretentious troll . 
  i 've already told you that my knowledge about is mostly from the internet , that makes it flawed since the language barrier makes the lithuanian point of view hard to read . 
  you are my so far only polish-sceptic source that talks back with sense so i 'm trying to wring some info out of you . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm poking too hard . 
  my tone gets trough better in person when you can see my look of genuine curiosity and we can drink a nice baltijos too cool down when the discussion gets too heated . 
   veiled insults again ? 
  no just yesterday i 've read some polish language forums that with some calling for the dissolution of lithuania based on how they perceive they are being treated . 
  i 've also read many nice and sensible ones that where calling for dialog and being very patriotic towards `` our country '' but they probably do n't get reported much so you mostly hear about the aggressive ones in the media the same way here it only gets shown when some talks break down and there is protest . 
  i can see that their simple demands are not met ( names , road signs ( some of this got through i think just some patriotic youths tend to destroy them ) ) and that make people angry . 
  if they ca n't get a even the simple things then they how they can hope to handle other problems . 
  might be just some specific parts of it that have grievances like as you described earlier , but it looks like the lithuanian government is acting in bad faith since they have all the power . 
  they promise they will handle it then find a technical reason why it ill be later and then do nothing , it just looks really fishy . 
   you do n't see how abusive it may look in some cases where our history overlaps . 
  i do n't know why it would be abusive . 
  since the program and teaching aids would come from the ministry . 
  there is one set of facts , if you ca n't bare a npov or a balanced interpretation then something is wrong with you . 
  though i admit that is a very hard bias to overcome and surely i 'm not free of it , though i try . 
  it would be hard for sure and many hard questions would need to be answered by both sides . 
  maybe preparing common base for textbooks would provide a push for some reconciliation . 
  it would also do some good to improve the knowledge of poles in poland about the relations with minorities in ii rp . 
  rejecting all compromise seems counter productive if you want to solve the problem with a method other then eventual re-lithuanization . 
  it 's not really better from the polish side like you say , today i did some digging in minority news sites and some of the things i 've seen in the comments make me want to hit those people till they get smarter . 
  but i 've also seen some nice articles lamenting the stupidity of nationalistic wing of the poles while at the same saying that there is little constructive talk with the lithuanians that would allow to weaken the extremists . 
  that maid me think that they are so popular since even their sensible demands are not met , so they might as well call for the dissolution of lithuania . 
   it already is now , for example to have polish church and services in polish language on the birthplace of vytautas . 
  are those the only services there or something . 
  are they occupying it and not letting lithuanians in . 
  you describe like it 's the temple mount while i suppose it 's a chapel in some castle ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  i do n't really see a problem with organizing a mass somewhere . 
  though the polish minority seams a bit over religious . 
   second and third : no problem with lessons or schools , that story is constantly used as a hoax . 
  we have schools in russian and polish since soviet times . 
  anything polish schools were and are treated with more care than any others . 
  this is just plain provocation and now they are getting closed and reformed . 
  i 'm sure some of the protests are overblown . 
  but are they protesting because they want to be whiny , because they are paid russian shills or are there real problems with the education system that affect them . 
  the solutions they propose seem not thought through at best but the problems look real . 
   transliteration is also fine we do it everywhere our selves and do n't ask any country to accept our \u0104\u010c\u0118\u0116\u012e\u0160\u0172\u016a as a part of their national alphabet . 
  but you can use them in poland if you wish , you could for 10 years . 
  transliterations are used for cyrilic ( belarusian , ukrainian and russian ) and hebrew alphabet only , other minority languages that use the latin alphabet like lithuanian , german or czech can use all of their characters . 
  as to pronunciations you can always tell them how to pronounce it . 
   for your last point - how would you feel if someone would call the partition of poland or occupation by germans a `` joining '' ? 
  see what i mean ? 
  i would say that needs additional clarification ( which i tried to with my use ) but unless some went out of the the way with something like coming back to the motherland or uniting then i see no problem . 
  beside this has also a legal meaning . 
  during ww2 the areas of poland that where formerly part of german empire where joined directly into the iii reich while areas like central and eastern poland that where part of the russian empire partition where governed as occupied territories as the general governorate for warsaw and other governorates for ukraine and belarus with lithuania . 
   please pay attention to your own politics . 
  because these `` tensions '' appear and disappear with changes in your government not ours . 
  the only words i 've seen from polish politicians about this is they would be happy to reach a agreement with lithuania but the negotiations are hard . 
  it 's usually in response to lithanian preelection heat up of the matter . 
  they do n't pursue it since people here very little care about about the polish minority in lithuania . 
  more talk is about polish minority in belearus since there it can be spun as fighting putins puppet batko . 
  or about polish relations with ukraine with their constant glorification of bandera . 
  children of polish people deported to kazakhstan or siberia get more considerations during elections since it looks better to fight for their rights and they are not tainted by tomaszewski . 
   since i 've heard kaczynski has pilsudky 's portrait on the wall , i know what vision he has he has a vision of being dictator of poland like pi\u0142sudzki . 
  and he inspires more caution here because of that . 
  but so far he displays little interests in any foreign politics . 
  his interests are domestic . 
  there was a joke that when our current defense minister was asking to be part of nuclear sharing program that the bombs would be only for domestic use . 
  lithuania is , and has always been described as our strategic partner and ally i do n't see that changing . 
  btw why do you write `` minority '' in quotes ? 
  i 'm from poland and i 'm staying here so i do n't have any minority rightes nor do i expect any . 
  the polish minority in lithuania like the polish minority in belarus is quite disconnected from the general polish society that 's why i generally use `` them '' to describe it instead of `` us '' . 
  but the minorities in poland can have their names on documents and the other things that you call plain nonsense . 
  here is brochure ( in polish and lithuanian ) about geographical names and using minority languages when dealing with government . 
  http://www.jezyki-mniejszosci.pl/download/87/18934/jezykipomocniczeidodatkowenazwylitewski.pdf here is one about organizing lessons in minority languages in schools which are additionally financed from the ministry . 
  they can also take matura exam in minority languages in all subjects except polish literature . 
  http://www.jezyki-mniejszosci.pl/download/87/18922/broszuradlarodzicowlitewski.pdf here is one targeted at local governments ( that 's why it 's only in polish ) describing how people from registered minorities have a right to writing their names in the original spelling ( or in case of non latin alphabets like cyrillic in the original languages transliteration rules into a latin alphabet ) http://mniejszosci.narodowe.mac.gov.pl/download/87/18909/broszuradlasamorzadow.pdf the newest law it 's based on is from 2008 . 
  this brochures are from a government site promoting use of minority languages with local governments . 
  http://www.jezyki-mniejszosci.pl/  your `` minority '' here is being proactively malicious . 
  sometimes i 'm sure they are . 
  i 'm not a fan of how they act and their russofilia is almost treason . 
  though lithuania chose to deal with this problem in the most childish way possible . 
  i called the act putting two things together joining . 
  i never denied it was war . 
  though i would question describing it as occupation which is what you chose to use . 
   after perestroika . 
  i try to not mix time periods since realities are different . 
  involvement of poland as state in vilnius affairs ended with ww2 . 
  and to be honest my knowledge of lithuanian history 45-90 is severely lacking and it 's only a bit better 90 + . 
  that 's why i did n't talk about anything after 45 beside mentioning that there are tensions . 
   but you still want more and more without even trying to understand that it 's pushing us apart or else giving a shit about it . 
  generally the only thing people want is similar minority rights to those enjoyed by minorities in poland . 
  it would be great if a condition for that was polish help with dealing with russofilia of the polish minority in lithuania . 
   lithuanian descent , probably true for most but that does not really matter unless you are speaking to some crazy nationalists that have a fantasy of racially pure polish nation . 
  poland has too many ethnic additions ( from neighbors and moving borders around for 1000 years ) so being polish is about common culture . 
  there is no dividing genetic line that can single out poles other central or east european countries especially in areas where the populations mixed ( like eastern poland , eastern lithuania , west belarus , west ukraine ) . 
  if they use polish declare themselves polish and engage in polish culture who is to say they are not polish . 
  though the minority in lithuania seems a bit weak on the last part . 
   off topic and i see all the same to you . 
  well we 've started the discussion with interbellum history so anything that happens later is bit off topic by the laws of causality . 
  no acts of the polish minority in 90 's had any effect on what happened in the 20 's . 
  i would gladly read some accounts since the polish language descriptions are mostly polish minority pov and english ones are laregly non existent . 
  but for a pole in poland the current situation is tomaszewski and fiends continue to be pro russia idiots , lithuanians continue to be nationalistic idiots no change is expected and people in poland do n't really care . 
   you are not saying that vilnius is yours , but you are saying that by occupying it by force poland was protecting it 's interests ?? 
  vilnius belongs to the people in it . 
  the people ( the parts not identifying as lithuanian ) in it during 1920s where afraid of being part of lithuania without at least autonomy . 
  the same way the people not identifying as polish were afraid of direct incorporation into poland . 
  seems both of them where right since non-polish suffered in 20 's as part of poland and non-lithuanians were ethnically cleansed ( deported ) out of vilnius after ww2 ( though it would not be fair to blame lithuanian ssr 's actions on lithuanians ) .
