  he 's from the party that claims that the accident in 2010 in which president kaczy\u0144ski died was caused by a bomb and putin and the former pm of poland tusk are responsible . 
  well our current minister is part of a government that run on saying the airbus deal was done by traitors and thieves and used the deal a campaign issue . 
  if you pronounce those the same you have a strong ( german ) accent w ! = f s ! = z d ! = t ch ! = h ( is disputable , i was taught h is harder and use it but probably this will disappear in next 10-15 years ), 
  so just like the s70i ? 
  only the frame ( cabin + pylon + tail ) is produced in poland , avionics engines rotors etc. 
  are made elsewhere . 
  the version offered was the s70i with the i standing for `` international '' it is the `` third world '' version that does n't contain the modern technologies that are offered only to allies . 
  also it was the smallest offed and barely met the minimum load of soldiers , the army wanted to transport more . 
  just use nale\u015bniki already :d, 
  hmm you do this a bit early . 
  we do the same ( well something smaller and usually its drowned instead of burned http://www.potrawyregionalne.pl/media/image/obyczaje/marzanna_1.jpg ) but on the spring equinox . 
  although usually it 's closer to fat thursday but this year it came early . 
   do you count teutonic and livonian order as germany ? 
  since prussia was a succesor state to both then i would say yes, 
  well it 's probably because in most languages eesti would be pronounced as e-esti , so it 's very unnatural to write the two e. 
  yep can confirm , i think it 's because instead of chorals song like many other anthems it 's a military march . 
  nothing better for patriotism then marching to that can be sung without a band by troops protecting their homeland . 
  seams we have similar tastes in anthems :d, 
  that esti !, 
  in the middle was great, 
  he 's talking about russians colonizing . 
  if you are far enough for it to make sense it 's better to run . 
  i though every at least as dangerous as a rolled up newspaper was illegal in the uk, 
   if russia invades germany , i will kill myself . 
  i dont wan na live in a pseudo democracy then fight for it before it happens if you are already resigned to death . 
  there are no homeland manufacturers , there are two companies that were polish helicopter manufacturers but are now owned by sikorsky and augusta-westland and build the blackhawk and aw-149 ( actually aw-189 the 149 military version is still in development ) respectively . 
  funny in english apparently it should be in brackets instead of parentheses , the exclamation is also more used in polish . 
  so today i also learned :p, 
  and whose job was it to stop them ? 
  all those german construction companies that saved money by using untaxed labor also benefited from breaking the law , where is the outrage on them doing that . 
  if you did n't want them you should have sent them back , the border was not closed , poland was a safe country and did not refuse to to accept it 's citizens . 
  i 'd rather make it into a movie . 
  an asylum version of children of men . 
  the european council contrary to popular opinion was hard at work solving europe 's problems in secret . 
  a radical plan was hatched to both stop the demographic pressure that pushed refugees to eu but also at the same time alleviate the problem of youth unemployment in southern europe . 
  deep in a reinforced bunker below strasbourg ( the parliament was just a cover , everybody new the decisions were made in brussels ) top scientists from eip-agri under the guise of the horizon 2020 plan developed a new more virulent strain of the zika virus . 
  the new bug was supposed to depopulate everything south of europe and leave the prosperous northern countries untouched . 
  the plan used global release to cover the source of the plague . 
  and then everything went wrong . 
  pie chart making is not a skill that boosts employability ( sic ! ), 
  that erasmus students are equipped with, 
  while i 'm pretty sure the uk forces are generally better they do n't really have much recent experience in what could be considered a `` fair '' fight . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the last airstrike on a a british position would in the falklands war ( well maybe iraq if you count friendly fire by the us ) . 
  the perspective of fighting somebody that has modern equipment that can counter yours ( with atgm and manpads ) and has artillery of its own is something that might be quite unique right now . 
  even better it seams it bans tea :d, 
  while i normally use a us keyboard i have next to me a wireless german ( i think ) qwertz that i got half price because of that , my last laptop had a danish one and i 've been using a swedish one when studying there . 
  never said it 's easy ( hell i have problems with some of the symbols i do n't use often like ^ ) , but touch typing is an important skill you need to use the terminal an generally computer effectively and having a keyboard that tells you nothing helps in training you to not look at it . 
  or even better get a das keyboard with nothing printed on it . 
  in polish there are two standard keyboard layouts `` polish ( programers ) '' which is basically us qwerty with the option to use alt for polish diacritics and `` polish ( typists ) '' that has all the polish letters and most popular signs as single keypresses . 
  everybody uses the programmers one just by habit , historically programmers had computers and popularized them so one other people used the they used this layout by default . 
  in most other countries it seams that the typist version is the more prominent one . 
  it is a more useful layout if you are not doing programming and just writing in your language . 
  what is the problem ? 
  you change the keyboard layout in software and continue to not look at the keyboard like you should . 
  we already have mordor next door so why not http://r-scale-85.dcs.redcdn.pl/scale/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p2/i/83f2550373f2f19492aa30fbd5b57512/c0061268-d850-11e4-bf4e-0025b511226e.jpg?type=1&amp;quality=95&amp;srcmode=4&amp;srcx=0/1&amp;srcy=0/1&amp;srcw=1024&amp;srch=768&amp;dstw=1024&amp;dsth=768, 
  it was all a ploy by the pilots so they can look cool in sunglasses even at night . 
   or how it stopped adding fuel tax , because prices of fuel went to low ? 
  or how it stopped prolonged higher vat , despite it being said to apply for short period of time ? 
  since when high taxes are against constitution ? 
  the ct has a specific role and those things are outside of it . 
   like it stopped expropriation of ofe money i have mixed feelings about that , but that system was bad ( because it cost more and in the end the money was still invested in government bonds ) and its abolition was also bad . 
  i was waiting for a strasbourg case against poland by the banks but it seems they do n't have a strong case so they gave up . 
  probably because they would stick out as a sore thumb https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_republic_of_ireland#nationalities_in_ireland, 
  3 days after his birthday , almost 69 again, 
  i liked italy 's proposal last year to give all the migrants shengen visas and tickets to germany . 
   how 40 % of people having a negative image of eu is considered normal for a country being inside the eu , mostly it 's just that people forget that stuff was worse before . 
  it 's easy to get used to the new higher standard of living and all the good things while every even stupid bad thing always stings . 
  it 's the `` what have the romans done for us , ( lately ) '' all over again . 
  well there something to be said that almost all of their successful former colonies copied most of their political system . 
  even the ones that did not , kept some of the institutions like the army . 
  of course british interactions with their colonies were varied and the ones populated by white brits got the better deal then the rest . 
   nuclear explosions act wait you are telling me that charles of all people has free reign to use nuclear weapons without cause ? 
  quick use him as a nuclear suicide bomber before it 's too late and the queen dies . 
  true , in the mean time we can get better for ourselves ( what if we become rich and successful and nobody notices ? 
  :d ) and not reinforce bad stereotypes . 
  they are correctly lumped into another basket just like the countries that managed their transformation from communism differently should be in other baskets based on their distinctive characteristics . 
  we have a common past but we ca n't have the same future , we are different enough for that . 
  if you really feel the personal need to be lumped with moldova and ukraine be my guest , do n't drag the rest of us with you . 
  btw . 
  i meed no offense to any moldovans or ukrainians , but you guys need to get your shit together also russia needs to get out of your shit . 
  lumping all of `` the east '' together has no only on the cold war it 's no longer the most relevant distinction . 
  poland has different issues then belarus and ukraine ( even before the war ) , so do the baltic countries even though they were part of the ussr . 
  bulgaria and romania also have different issues then slovenia , croatia and serbia . 
  lumping `` the east '' together is as stupid as lumping `` the west '' together . 
  no good analysis can put spain or portugal in the same basket as germany and france . 
   eastern european countries are trying to become better and better to match the quality of life in western europe , gdp ppp per capita some ( czechia and lithuania ) already are above portugal , spain and greece are not that far of . 
  nobody really want 's to follow them even though they are `` the west '' . 
  we want to follow germany france and the uk . 
  and some are falling behind like ukraine moldova or just standing in place like bosnia . 
  and each of them for different reasons , some of them shared in their respective regions . 
  czechia can into the west, 
   the eu is not honest and realist enough to pay them a set amount per illegal migrant they take back . 
  this would work great https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cobra_effect they could get payed both ways one by the migrants to the smugglers and then back by the eu . 
  the east west political dualism has little sense 25 years after the fall of the ussr . 
  the smaller groups in europe like southern , norther , central , eastern , west ( france + benelux ) , baltic , british isles , balkan , south-east and russia have much more sense . 
  it probably makes sense to split central into central-west ( germany , austria , switzerland ) and central-east ( v4 ) as there are huge differences there . 
  the only thing shared is the experience of being under some form of communist regime in the east ( not even the same one as yugoslavia was something different from the warsaw pact and that again was different then full on ussr ) . 
  while the west was split into fasist dictatorships in the south ( spain , portugal and for some years greece ) , states more traditional see as western ( the founding core of eu ) always neutral sweden going it 's own way and finladised finland . 
  they are as west as austria and half as west as half of germany, 
  the chanting always puts me off , i think it 's a recent think or maybe just the transmissions from mission control are,
