  the americans have a few up now but these are bigger ( more powerful radar ) so they can use a higher orbit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lacrosse_%28satellite%29 the germans also have a few operated jointly with france but these are much less capable just based on their mass ( 1.5 t vs 17t both estimated by me on the capacity of launch vehicle ) . 
  there would need to be probably quite more of them to cover the mediterranean in real time . 
  that would literally be billions of euro just for the satellites ( usa ones are estimated 1.8 b$ each ) not counting the manpower to monitor it and all the ships needed to enforce it . 
  so it must be reaaaaly bad as ( at least according to john stewart ) the domino 's in usa could not be classified as pizza :d, 
  really ? 
  song of roland is part of the high school curriculum of literature in poland, 
  it was 20 years between the 1st and 3rd partition beside that it was burning since the deluge ( ca . 
  til finland has a bible belt, 
  drunk british tourist already come by planes, 
  hmm they did n't shoot him they did n't hit him when he was subdued and used appropriate force . 
  so good job i think . 
  we already have 400k ukrainians , probably more will come http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/ukraines-refugees-find-solace-in-poland-europes-most-homogenous-society, 
  i 've always found the antisocial part of the pen and paper gaming stereotype confusing . 
  it literally requires you to have a group of friends and meet with the , regularly . 
  not to mention it promotes meeting other similar groups of friends . 
  is n't any island far by bicycle ? 
  well unless you connect all of them with bridges . 
  well the faroe government now does not have to spend on a detention center . 
  maybe if it was 150m + costs or that the camp would be operated and payed for by eu that would makes some sense . 
  what will i do now that my secret is out :d, 
  most of the ones i drank was when sailing to klaipeda but i can get then in two pubs in my city and at least one hipermarket so i usually get some when i 'm there . 
  thanks . 
  still it 's very unfortunate as i like baltijos and hate baltas ( \u0160vyturys both ) :d, 
  now i have a color related question . 
  baltas beer i assume means white beer but what then means baltijos - as it 's a dark beer . 
  well there is stalker and metro 2033 but nothing really worthwhile in the west as far as i know, 
  well when it was established it did flow through ( by/on the border with ) the ussr so the russian is apropos . 
  and the french was the common language in diplomacy back then , today english would be one of the official languages in place of it probably for ease of communication . 
  as to whether russia should be kicked out for not being a state with access to danube that probably depends on their trade through it . 
  the commission probably would benefit from inclusion of more states that are stake holders the removing them , maybe also moving to two tier membership ( beside observers ) for states that are on the danube and ones just doing a lot of bussines on it . 
  disclaimer i just learned about the commission now so i do n't know about any politics involving it , so i might be missing some huge local drama . 
  yeah but stalingrad is seen as sacrificial fire in which lives were burned to save the motherland . 
  the deaths have meaning as that goal was achieved . 
  somme , verdun and ypres only managed to bleed europe dry and bring on the collapse of 2/3 of major powers on the continent . 
  that would have a great tradition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uefa_cup_winners%27_cup, 
  well do n't go sailing with that attitude . 
  a now everything is right in the word and my nitpicking brain is satisfied . 
  thank you . 
  also i find it hilarious to call the prime minister chief :d, 
  disclaimer : after writing my post it seams very confrontational so please bare in mind that all of my aggression is targeted at words , because of my view of them being the wrong words to use ( see : `` someone is wrong on the internet '' ) and not towards any persons , countries and their historical heritage . 
  well they sure did destroy the delusions of grandeur for all those kings by introducing them to the definition of the word . 
  a local chieftain at the head of a clan or tribe is no more a king then arthur was . 
  i actually now very curious about the cause of your choice of words . 
  is it just `` leader '' in gealic and that got used for the king and in the end lead to mistranslation or is there some irish historians conspiracy behind it ( ;p ) . 
  or did they really use king for tribal and clan leaders . 
  do you have any insights to that , i 'd love some context ? 
  i think you meant `` komrade '' jebediah, 
  well in poland baton means candy bar ( like mars or snickers ) there probably as some joke there but it 's late/early and i ca n't be bothered . 
  while baguetts are ok slavic ( or east european ? ), 
  white bread ( first picture ) is the best white bread :d, 
  well his rule was based on a water witch and and a sword and not the popular will of the british people so i think he does n't count, 
  yep that 's what i meant, 
  well do you thing east a west germany should stay split or the south of usa should secede again ? 
  beside that map may be a bit misleading , if you watch at the voivodship levels you see that split is still there but at the 60-40 or 45-55 range http://niezalezna.pl/uploads/zdjecie2015/67425970761432622445.jpg so at least the 40 % of people would still be unhappy, 
  this one fits the narration of some better http://bezgranica.blog.onet.pl/wp-content/blogs.dir/615548/files/blog_na_4302306_6131521_tr_jelen.jpg jelen is deer in polish and also a word for someone who is easy to take advantage of, 
  not right now , all of the left leaning candidates got like 3 % this presidential election . 
  all the left leaning parties in the parliament right now got like 15 % . 
  next election in the fall i think there will be no left in the parliament . 
  they are very divided and none of them have any credibility because beside being lying politicians they are bad at marketing . 
  you would be surprised but the fact that the incumbent president is ( was , he supposedly stopped since he was elected ) a hunter was a talking point . 
  a very minor one but still . 
  just the map actually shows that the more rural areas have less boars the more developed areas ( probably more cities and less agriculture leads to better preserved forests as boars do n't live on fields ), 
  have an upvote for a tired joke :d but fun fact polan pays the space club membership fee since 2012 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency#membership_and_contribution_to_esa, 
  svyturys baltijos jelen karlovacko skopsko quilmes stout not exactly good but some fond memories a swedish folkol that might have been falcon dark ( do n't judge ), 
  til :d it 's also funny how poland and the other central european countries of the former warsaw pact switched their grid synchronization from one with ussr to european one, 
  jungles , a lot of jungles , just like the amazon is dark, 
  yeah but the cos of risk is higher . 
  having 20-30 % of your energy come from a place means it becomes a strategic interest for your security . 
  does n't ac cause more problems with grid synchronizations ? 
  i think all intergrid links now are hvdc links because of that . 
  hmmm while the scale looks bigger this looks like some old tech that was used to keep natural gas pressurized in the network . 
  i just found this map on the internet ( on a russian site :d ) and was too lazy to edit it :p, 
  well the spelling in english is broken because it 's french :d, 
   eh you do know who the aggressors were in these wars right ? 
  hint , it was n't napoleon . 
  yeah , especially if you count the wars as continuation of the revolutionary wars when the absolute monarchies were attacking the threat of the republican values spreading and overthrowing them . 
  but napoleon himself quickly became an absolute monarch himself and i would say conquering all of europe in self defense seams like stretching the term . 
   and they were no massacres of gauls for example . 
  not according to caesar , when you kill or capture 230k out of 92k fighting men that sounds like massacre of civilians his claims are disputable but mostly because he claimed that he killed more civilians then were actually there https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_bibracte beside that the whole affair of the invasion was an aggressive war conquest and political gain for julius himself disputed by his contemporaries . 
  disclaimer : it 's very unfair to grade historical figures against current moral standards but caesar and napoleon ( and alexander and ghengis khan and other successful conquerors ) are directly responsible for the a lot of death even if the death was not their goal but a means to an end ( power and personal glory ) . 
  for ceasar the gauls , and napoleon caused the death of 3.5 - 6 m people in the napoleonic wars maybe not exactly the the purges you are looking for but dead is dead . 
  you have no flair but from too much \u00e4 i knew that it 's finish :d, 
  i are right that might be unhealthy with the antibiotics overuse , they would have to be free range organic vegan americans to be healthy dish and they are not as well marbled . 
  do n't think of it as a obesity crisis think of it as a foie gras opportunity, 
  i think 1991 would be better but any good map with data on it is good . 
  hey i was wandering about how is the sentiment towards poland now . 
  i get a feeling there is a lot provocations that are supposed to convince russians that poland is behind everything everywhere . 
  i was hoping a few years ago we might warm up relations but it seems it wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  i also do n't know any stereotypes about you guys a guess 600 years of common history is not enough . 
  by that you have to add also malta monaco and belarus ( 91-95 ) and probably south tyrol :d, 
  hmmm chuj is from proto slavic `` standing firm/tall '' and while there are some things that have a connection to needles in polish with the same root ( choinka - christams tree so a evergreen tree like spruce or fir , i think chvojka is also a branch in slovakian ? ), 
  needle in polish is szpilka or ig\u0142a . 
  i do n't know if there are some other connections left in other slavic languages with needles but this map seems wrong for all versions of chuj . 
  ianal ( i am not a linguist ), 
  what about all the bessarabia is romania signs on the walls ( graffiti and stickers ) . 
  not really mainstream but there is some sentiment there ( not for the name but for coming back to the motherland :d ), 
  hey sarmatians is our stupid myth . 
  we wo n't give it away . 
  :d just tell those people they are szlachta in denial and look at when their brain explodes from the cognitive dissonance .
