  i 'm waiting for the inevitable wargame : seven days to kiev and wargame : suvalki and beyond, 
  it 's for the rivers of blood that will flow when turks conquer the moon . 
  well they have a better cashless payment system then germany, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smethwick_in_the_1964_general_election https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/15/britains-most-racist-election-smethwick-50-years-on also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech putting it all on today 's conservatives is a bit misleading, 
  you are the most powerful nation on earth how do think we could escape it . 
  because it will be in imperial :d 1 . because having the design does not mean you can actually build it look at how long it takes the chinese to refit the varyag for operations an they had the hull , the plans and everything . 
  they are still quite a few years from building something on their own and i 'm sure they have a lot of plans stolen from the us . 
   , i recall a couple german air force exchange pilots get to fly in the back of a jet to experience a carrier landing that 's sounds more like a perk then training :d, 
  there is also the point that the size if the su meant that most of it 's strategic interests where close to it 's borders . 
  thus it did not need a navy to project power . 
  not grandparent cdg is almost as capable as american super carriers ( nuclear , size , planes and catapults ) though it suffers from all the problems of there being only one , so any refit means the french pilots need to train in the us to not loose their qualifications . 
  the operational cycle of the equipment means you really need to have two to cover one spot all of the time . 
  but isis is also a terrible name , as in it 's already a name of something that is much nicer then `` goatfucking religious retards from the levant '', 
   bombing of libya ? 
  do n't put that on the us they only joined because europe could n't handle it . 
  france and italy can claim most of it . 
  and whole of eastern europe that throws itself under every bus the us finds just to show how they like the us is completely ignored . 
  feels bad man . 
  there are already japanese car companies in poland . 
  the only thing i 've heard bad about them is when the polish managers took over from the japanese they treated the workers worse . 
  so there is not really fear of actual japanese karoshi . 
  there are those that ask in poland why poland did n't help the whites in 1918 to prevent the bolsheviks from wining ( the polish bolshevik war started in 1919 ) . 
  and the answer is that whites official policy on poland , ukraine and the baltics was reconquest . 
  beside the bolsheviks where an enemy to every other european government while tsarists russia was their ally including and ally to france . 
  the soviets did not start sending people to syberia or oppressing dissidents they just industrialized it . 
  beside a few terror attacks , no, 
   win-win . 
  yeah, 
  they do have a history of racially motivated terrorism and racially motivated breakaway groups, 
  a thread about insulting the british devolves into calling each other german , beautiful . 
   far-right nutcases far right , authoritarian , ethnic identity movement  islamist extremists far right , authoritarian , religious identity movement their all far-right nutcases, 
  i would n't go as far as bigger , islamism checks all the same boxes of intolerance , expulsions and punishment for going outside of the norm and theology instead of intellectualism . 
  the only thing making the local authoritarians more of a there is that they are already here . 
  some of them do ( the ones that use hydrogen ) like the space shuttle , unfortunately it 's solid booster exhaust contains a lot of chlorine and when mixed with the water you get hydrochloric acid raining down on you . 
  i started this discussion with the question about the definition . 
  i 'm happy we finally got to it :d . i 'd do n't dispute which definition is better , the only thing i would dispute whether yours is `` traditional '' . 
  but it 's not really important . 
  have nice day :d, 
   traditional it 's only the us that uses your definition ,  a distinct set of definitions for the word republic evolved in the united states . 
  in common parlance , a republic is a state that does not practice direct democracy but rather has a government indirectly controlled by the people . 
  this understanding of the term was originally developed by james madison , and notably employed in federalist paper no . 
  10 . from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic#united_states, 
  hmmm so that 's basically the same as everywhere else i 've heard . 
  where does the `` we 're not a democracy we 're a republic '' argument come from then ? 
  maybe it 's more popular in some political circles that i 'm not aware of ? 
  the countries have kings and queens , their official name is the kingdom of ( ... ) and they refer to themselves as monarchies in their law or in case of the comonewealth they use the crown as synonym for the state and refer to their head of state as the sovereign . 
  do you only accept monarchies if they are undemocratic and despotic ? 
  was xviii century england a monarchy even though it had a parliament , what about xix c . it did stop being a monarchy during the civil war ( they where a republic , dictatorship and a hereditary dictatorship for some time ) but then came the restoration . 
  the only distinction between republic and monarchy is whether you have king or queen or not . 
  the rest of the political system is not covered by it . 
   a democratic republic is a form of a republic . 
  yes so all of those countries are democracies ( representative ) , and one is also a republic ( democratic ) beside that . 
   and they 're all monarchies ? 
   they 're parliamentary systems , which are forms of democratic republics . 
  they have a king or queen as a head of state , that 's the definitions of monarchy . 
  their even all hereditary monarchies . 
  the rights of the monarch versus the estates had varying levels since forever . 
  there have been some parliament 's in almost all the fact in those countries the monarch is probably the least influential part of the government ( similar to parliamentary republics where a the president is mostly a ceremonial position ) does not stop them from being monarchies . 
  all of them are monarchies except the us . 
  i 've seen this many times but only from americans , do they actually teach in the us during civics that representative democracy = = republic and direct democracy = = democracy ? 
  probably they will reduce subsidies for biofuels made of food plants making fuel made from waste more competitive . 
  is that like a social site for monuments ? , i think we should build one for poland so we can classify all our jp2 and christ statues . 
   that 's not a sex specific situation . 
  edit : that just means that a male in saudi arabia will probably be freer then in china under the same random criterion . 
  may would n't be pm without brexit, 
   in terms of life expectancy and worse hdi all over  average chinese woman the argument was random chinese woman not having economic security to pursue all those rights is only a little better then not having them at all . 
  it 's a german problem that they do n't see a problem . 
   the entire eastern seaboard ( population 600million ) has a comparable or superior quality of life to russia which part of russia ? 
  you are comparing the richest region of china having only 2/5 of the population with all of russia which is also a very unequal place , better compare it to moscow and st. petersburg . 
  you are basing your argument on a minority of people in china living in the richest part of it . 
   china is actually rather progressive in terms of gender equality i 'm not arguing that china is not a less progressive country . 
  or that it will not offer a much better place to live in the future . 
  but an argument for a random women ( so including the 800 mln people that do n't live in the rich part of china a lot of whom still do substance farming ) is much harder to make . 
  potato is the tomato of the east, 
  it 's just maslow 's hierarchy of needs . 
   just compare a random women in saudi arabia and china really a random women in china is probably a subsistence farmer somewhere with all the freedom to work all week to not starve . 
   if you turn off environment not everything is like your river lock or coastal dam , you ca n't turn off all of the environment . 
   the bbc sell their programs to other broadcasters . 
  and i want them to sell directly . 
  it will make the market transaction clearer and more effective , that means people will be able to access that content for less money and bbc will get more money . 
  the only one that will not get any money is the middleman and he no longer brings any value to the table in the age of steaming and vods . 
  speaker count and gdp access there just much more people speaking those languages . 
  though there is nothing wrong in learning it for fun . 
  he whole regional monopoly ( exclusive licensing ) broadcaster business model can burn down and nothing of value will be lost . 
  the bbc is not even part of that model since they are paid for by the license fee so i do n't know what you are defending . 
  bbc is a great content producer and i would be happy to buy access to it directly instead of through some shitty local broadcaster . 
   you 'd be forcing tv broadcasters to lose out . 
  i do n't care about broadcasters :d though i do care about content and being blocked at every turn form acquiring it legally by artificial monopolies . 
  i actually expected the map to still be only in french , never mind the title . 
   also i wonder , is there that guy who takes your weapon before meeting ? ... 
  well the guns are there , just make sure nobody brings in any ammo . 
  it 's the second order enclaves that make it special . 
   emerging economies do not buy the same basket of products of developed ones , they need fewer products with a high level of technological know how or can not afford them . 
  i 'm waiting for all of the emerging markets to start investing in derivatives in the city, 
   i doubt 538 took into account the electoral college why ? 
   there are radar stations and missiles for the us missile shield somewhere in the eastern eu . 
  why do n't they or their personnel show up in your picture ? 
  the title says the map is pre crimea . 
  the base in romania became operational only last year and the one in poland will be operational in 2 years , maybe . 
  because the map only show foreign deployments , because having bases on your own territory is normal , because they would be there weather nato existed or not .
