  russians are a russian minority on svalbard https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barentsburg also they were a majority ( 2/3 ) during the cold war, 
  been there last autumn and almost burst out laughing when i heard it . 
   the turks will go back to where they came from , the depths of turkey . 
  are turks balrogs according to this ? 
  blond slav drawn like anime character looks like a blond slav drawn as an anime character ( as i 'm sure you remember the anime version more then the photos of natalia :d ), 
  but vegeta is clearly croatian http://www.gamauk.com/backup/images/products/podravka_vegeta_1kg.jpg, 
  russia is not a threat to all of nato , but it is a threat to small weak and isolated members of it like the baltics . 
  edit also 3 divisions is much more then matching . 
  its 30 k - 60 k vs 4 k, 
  bulgaria is goal oriented and wants to fix itself and become rich , no grudges just what are the problems and how to fix them . 
  this is a way of looking at things we should all follow . 
  too bad . 
  thanks, 
  can you link it . 
  i can probably google translate it but not find it . 
  what do you mean `` we '' , you do n't even have a flair and you expect people to believe belgium exits . 
  will it take you places you really should not be ? 
  edit : a word, 
  meh , people are at work it get livelier in the evening, 
  this is very war related, 
  also he captured ruins, 
   supported the bar confederation . 
  come back to the family belarus we know you still remember . 
  iirc the ex-yugo stereotype is that montenegrins are lazy and bosnians are stupid . 
  hmmm then we did n't communicate sorry . 
  what ifs are pointless . 
  so is holding grudges be we still do . 
  is n't it a diminutive for joseph in czech ? 
  the polish feeling in expressed in this question is not about the outcome but about the fact that france barely did anything ( beside one minor skirmish and retreat ) till germans were rushing through belgium . 
  nobody blames france for loosing ( that would be not fair ) but for not trying until forced to . 
  most of europe calls you england in common speach, 
  considering exyu stereotypes the bosnian one should probably by thick heads, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plan_west last paragraph in the plan, 
    ) fuck me nothing pleases you guys . 
   ) fuck me any scrap has to praised as godsend by those filthy easterners anything less means they are ungrateful . 
  i think we have stumbled upon some critical cultural difference . 
  if you followed the like/dislike threads between countries you can see that there is significant difference between the questions and answers with all the answers in the east were skewed towards neutral ( do n't dislike ) and negative and all posters from the east were saying that that it represents good relations . 
  when we say `` do n't dislike you '' or `` we are grateful but '' that 's as positive as you get without being family . 
  when we do n't like you we say we do n't like you and you are shit , no passive aggressive bullshit just straight up in your face confrontation . 
  we barely like ourselves and even then we throw shit at each other with little provocation . 
  so expecting anything more positive would be to expect that we treat you better then ourselves , that 's reserved for children and retards and you 're neither . 
  france was probably the best ally poland had till the end of ww2 when we were cut away from that alliance by the cold war . 
  even during the cold war soviet invasion plans were set so polish forces would only fight germans and danes because they feared there would be to much sympathy towards the french and english . 
  that almost 50 year break seems to have thrown those long relations into the background . 
  polish militaristic traditions have significant french influence in uniforms and in language and only idiots can deny that . 
  polish culture and literature are significantly influenced by french ones because it was the preferred place for intellectuals to migrate to when they were oppressed in poland ( during partitions and during communist times ) , they brought back ( or sent back ) a lot of that influence . 
  you can not sing the polish anthem without knowing that france had helped in the fight against oppressors of poland . 
  we are proud of what you did then and what we did together . 
  and with those significant ties you are entitled to a very heartfelt and strong `` we do n't dislike you '' with a `` unless you 're a arrogant asshole at the moment '' caveat , you can estimate how much that last one is used probably on your own :d . 
  well the thing is polish general staff expected the outcome that happened so it 's a bit like `` we told you so '' . 
   in 1939 , france enforced the alliance as france had committed . 
  it also did n't attack when germany was fighting in poland ( or even like pi\u0142sudski proposed before when germany remilitarized sarland ) a lot of the question is why france did nothing beside declaring till the invasion of france as it 's considered a bad decision for france too . 
    france had imposed crushing taxes on duchy of warsaw  citation required . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_warsaw#economy  you had nothing before , now you had something . 
  that is true . 
  that something was a puppet state designed to weaken prussia . 
  as much as that ( for which we are grateful ) but also only that . 
  polish soldiers fought for that together with france and with napoleon on all fronts ( well european ones i do n't think they were any in egypt ) . 
   also why do n't you mention that serfdom was abolished , the area being quite feudal before napoleon showed up . 
  because little changed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socage was not abolished and personal freedoms were not full . 
  the reforms replaced serfdom with economic slavery with little change for the peasants . 
  in poland that reform is said to `` take of the peasants chains along with their shoes '' . 
  also serfdom was abolished mostly with 3 the may constitution and proclamation of po\u0142aniec before the partitions . 
  this was reversed by prussia russian and austria . 
   i think  my view, 
  the guy you replied to is overly optimistic but you 're just scare mongering  if it were so easy , why are the german and other governments still spending billions looking for suitable long term storage to last several 10k years ? 
  why do the biggest german energy companies agree to pay 22 billion $ to get rid of the waste if they could instead just use it as a fuel in their or other companies latest reactors ? 
  because nobody in the west is building those reactors . 
  mostly due to non proliferation concerns , idiotic protests and also because nuclear is probably the only industry that is expected to finance it 's decommissioning up front so every new plant is a huge investment . 
   why is there a new massive containment building beeing erected in chernobyl then ? 
  because the current one ca n't last the mentioned 200-300 years and because the fuel was not taken out of the reactor but exploded out of it . 
   even according to wikipedia there is no viable and safe large scale transmutation reactor in existence , even tough research is being done in this regard . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radioactive_waste#transmutation and when you read it you see that the research being done gets cancelled for political reasons every step of the way . 
   and how exactly is the uranic and transuranic waste in the form of debris of the buildings and tools , clothing etc. 
  supposed to be removed ? 
  these things are probably not usable as an energy source but still have very high half live times . 
  tools building clothes are not made of uranium or anything close . 
  if you mean radioactive dust on those things then usually the method is sanding off the contaminated layer . 
  for clothes etc. 
  you can wash them ( and contain just the dust from the runoff ) or just put them in a barrel . 
   very high half live times . 
  that also means very low activity , something with very high half life needs very low precautions . 
  high half life isotopes are usually more deadly because heavy metal toxicity then radiation . 
  apparently only highschoolers during their homework google europe, 
  it 'd be only indirectly elected . 
  as long as you elect your own governments . 
  in the eu or int the us expecting a company to do something ethically is a tall order but one should expect the regulation to work, 
  honestly i only expect the south the leave the eurozone ( not eu ) . 
  the answer parts of the v4 leaving lies in the solution to the refugee crisis ( hint quotas are not a solution ) . 
  france germany italy and benelux are staying , austria does what germany says and slovenia will have no choice then . 
  croatia has 10 years of gravy train ahead so it wo n't be leaving . 
  romania and bulgaria are happily ( for the people if not the politicians ) reforming and the lack of eu pressure would stop that . 
  baltics need something against russia economically so they are staying too . 
  poland even with all the talk in government is still doing good , there seams to be some startup culture coming online that might wreck some serious shit when the single digital market comes . 
  rest of v4 idk . 
  the same with nordics , after brexit it 's hard to tell . 
  iberian 's and greece might need to leave the euro , poland wo n't join it in the next 10 years . 
  it 's gon na be a bumpy ride though . 
  so searching for some concrete sources on russian statements and plans i came up empty ( except sources i do n't trust like ukraine today citing a shitty polish tabloid ) so this means i 'm full of shit .
