  edit 2011, 
  not revoking , just suspending them for the time they live outside of the country . 
  similarly revoking voting rights of felons in perpetuity is a travesty , but suspending them for the time of the sentence is ok according to me . 
  i think if they publish rules then they have to stick to them otherwise it 's a form of breach of contract . 
  that 's an interesting argument and has value . 
  but i would say that when you are at the point of throwing out people or forcing them to move to deny them votes then you are already past thinking about voting rights of expats ( which can easily be manipulated ) . 
  i just think if you wo n't feel the results of your stupid votes you do n't get to vote . 
  my solution is to to the fact that the average expat knows much less then even the average uninformed voter in country . 
  whether there are more or less of them depending on economic conditions does n't really matter . 
  beside they voluntarily removed ( temporarily ) themselves from the society that is deciding it 's fate during elections . 
  when they join it again they can vote again . 
   ff hand the turks in germany seem to have pretty close ties to ankara still . 
  and they fuck it up by voting on the worst nationalist populists . 
  the same can be said about polish diaspora in us . 
  fuck those guys you only should get to vote if you live in the country ( lets say a year out of last 2 years before election ) . 
  relive multiple battles of isonzo get an achievement for surviving all twelve . 
  presumably they expected the isil members to not drink alcohol, 
  i love that some of them are showing the cuffs over their head and looking like `` look people at the injustice done to me , defend me '', 
   which was intentional citation needed the 10 year delay of orion was not intentional , neither was the looooong gap of capability between the last shuttle flight and the first commercial crew mission ( which still has n't happened ) the commercial cargo , and commercial crew are great programs and will bring better and cheaper access to space but funding for them barely passed congress . 
  and without the nasa contracts those vehicles probably would not be built . 
   private sector solution who do you think designed and built every american rocket and space ship . 
  the thing that changed with commercial crew/cargo is nasa now orders from the private company a specific capability instead of a specific craft . 
   east-pomerania ? 
  did we conquer krolewiec when i as partying ? 
  hmm i could see a ukraine scenario happening maaaaaybe with the kurds starting an armed insurrection . 
  but without outside help like russia gives in donbas and donetsk the kurds are no match for the turkish army and i do n't think that much of the kurds support an uprising . 
   i bet i can come up with more for czechia . 
  that 's because you czechs were always the hard working ones in the family . 
   it 's going to be a country of 80 million people . 
  germany ? 
  :d any other candidates i can think of are iran and maybe egypt . 
   airforce still does  . 
  are you claiming that x-37 can carry humans ? 
   the airforce uses our rockets because they have a much better success record , because sending classified satellites to your potential enemy for integration is a stupid idea  nasa is willing to risk satelites exploding . 
  nasa mostly sends most of it 's stuff on atlas and delta just like the air force ( and lately on falcon 9 ) and if maybe sometimes ariane-5 if esa is a partner ( like with jwst ) . 
  nasa does only buy crew transport to the iss from the russians because that is the only capability that us does not have . 
  btw of all those rockets only the atlas v has better reliability than the soyuz but all of them have better reliability then proton . 
  edit : ~ ~ worse ~ ~ better reliability then the proton, 
  but you do n't have any craft with life support . 
  maybe next year when the dragon 2 and orion are ready to fly . 
  from our side it 's easy because everything has a sign like this [ this ] ( http://www.gorzyce.pl/image002.jpg ) that tells u that eu funds where used . 
  but a short profile with `` we built 1000km of roads and everything yous see in these pictures '' probably would allow the net contributors to see that it 's not wasted on shit . 
  it 's more : poland comes in with a big binder full of projects . 
  - i 've been training my bureaucracy for three hundred years under prussian and russian masters of the craft . 
  this challenge was made for me . 
  they just need be radical enough to destabilize the countries with internal conflicts , russia can use the resulting lack of will to take care of it 's own interests . 
  nobody thinks that usa is a asian country because the asians there integrated well . 
  well translating a show like that needs a lot of creative vision , the allo allo one was quite good one , similarly we have had quite good translations of monty python sketches on tv with voice over . 
  i know i can say we ( poland ) had real a problem with organized crime in the early 90 's with gang wars , bombs and shootouts but once the worst shock of the economic transformation passed and the police started to work well in the second half of 90 's they broke all of the large gangs and sent them all to prison by end of the decade . 
  the height of the first emigration to germany would seem to coincide with the height of crime in poland . 
  how does that compare to the current wave is hard to tell . 
  but i got the impression from the news that they only become criminals when in europe similar to salvador and honduras immigrants that organized into gangs when in la. 
  well eastern eu is actually true so the triggering is a overreaction . 
  i was just pointing out they are not hidden in ruins of adolf bunker or some other secret nazi base . 
  americans and russians took all the research, 
  those fucking leaches consuming our culture and values becoming more like us . 
  classicism was in style then and contemporary paintings would show him sometimes in that garb . 
  i really prefer the jadwiga note ( looks much better ) but the fact that it would brake the chronological order of kings seems a good argument to not use it . 
  the most glorious one upon which the sun never sets . 
  well i thought the empire was more then one lesson . 
  on russia not on russians , ordinary russians are also victims of their government . 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  as expected  during the romanian revolution of 1989 , ceau\u015fescu attempted to use them against protesters ( notably , in timi\u015foara ) . 
  good those guys were on right side of history . 
  the laser part is from edrs which is a new ( january this year ) european data relay satellite that is testing laser communication as a faster ( more bandwidth ) alternative to radios . 
  the image was beamed through it . 
  i think this is the first commercial application of the technology since nasa was only sending images to a satellite from earth and only test images ( mona lisa to the displeasure of image processing people on earth since obviously it should be https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenna ) . 
  ok here you go http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0483607/ i 've found it as the first result by writing this in google `` scify action englad one eye '' i recommend it wholeheartedly . 
  or the one one where scotland was walled off and full of vampires ( ? ), 
  but i ca n't remember the name, 
  a lot of marketing . 
  a bit of change in party culture . 
  also the fact that you can drink beer while doing other stuff on the other hand vodka is a sitting , talking while drinking kind of drink . 
  no need to change the name just treat alcohol and cigarettes like the drugs they are . 
  the hypocrisy is strong in the debate about drugs . 
  tunisia ( the place it started ) would be worse off . 
  so would jordan ( ruled by someone sensible who is both fit to lead and knows when to make concessions ) . 
  also you are saying like it was your choice . 
  i 'd go for some \u00d8l right now :d, 
  i think it 's the move to beer that replaced vodka . 
  * gas * oil, 
  you considered twitter not shit before ? 
   eu currency is euro they already left, 
  yes . 
   chemical companies in the area that are by nature immigrant-friendly . 
  you can even go to the university in one of their old buildings . 
  sorry had to . 
   being literaly hitler the anti austrian sentiment runs deep i see . 
  and politicians tend to try to stay away from any undecided issues . 
  brexit is to close to call so they 'll sit on the fence ans say they were right all along . 
  never heard that argument here . 
  i do n't frequent the `` crazy '' parts of our internet . 
  also  eu 's capital country of belgium ,, 
  in poland that data actually contains some cities in eastern poland like rzeszow or lublin that are not bad , good universities and some tech investment coming coupled with the lack of environmental and administrative problems of larger cities in make for surprising high hdi even if those places tend to fall a bit behind the larger cities in terms of gdp . 
  but the best cities performance in the region is only about 110 % of the whole region so the differences are less significant . 
  i 've found this data http://www.cornwall.gov.uk/deprivationmaphttp://www.cornwall.gov.uk/deprivationmap especially this http://www.cornwall.gov.uk/media/3631359/imd2010.pdf which supports your claim of very high inequality in cornwall with the coast doing much better then the rest . 
  unfortunately it shows only relative data and i already got to know too much about cornwalls stats for a friday evening so i wo n't be looking for the `` 7 places in cornwall worse then eastern poland , you wo n't believe they exist '' . 
   what the fucking fuck , poland ? 
  some poles would work those hours for money , and a lot of them do risk their health and well being by working ridiculous overtime ( up to cheating the government to be allowed to work more ) when going for work abroad . 
  so there are not that many bleeding hearts .
