  though probably less then they wanted a lot polish people do n't have a concept of `` work to live '' instead of `` live to works '' and literally work themselves to death when given the opportunity to do so for a lot o money ( cooperatively ) . 
  they would probably evade a lot of rules that are there to help them just to get a quick buck . 
  this will take probably another 20 years to change , the young people now are already `` fuck it i 'm not killing myself for your profit '' . 
  while people can celebrate based it on their faith i 've always seen it as joining the countries the pope can not declare a crusade against . 
  make european terrorisim great again . 
  too long have suffered this influx of foreign terrorists . 
  finally we start to come back to what it is supposed to be based on instead of religious radicalization , hundreds of years living next too each other . 
  i do this all the time bot only use ketchup or majo , mustard with cheese seems wrong, 
  well i 've seen a few but never a pomeranian ( and i am a pomeranian :d ), 
  ca n't barrage the farage ? 
  you forgot about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_lowland_sheepdog, 
  you were to far away from sweden , it took them 30 years to come to prague . 
  also sea ports and money from trade make it easier to defend yourself when monarchs come . 
  you ca n't just jump into the netherlands you first have to have a revolution against the king ( defenestrations count so you are covered ) and then become the glorious united provinces of czechland, 
  then they are doing a great job because i tried to see where they disconnect etc. 
  and ca n't spot it, 
   note that these white houses are actually movable trailers . 
  that have been bricked up and made unmovable ? 
  heh i did n't know people outside poland watched it, 
  yep, 
  since this is the image of a georgian for everybody in poland http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/c1/dd/c2/z12770753q,wlodzimierz-press-.jpg everything seems legit, 
  surely you mean g\u0142og\u00f3w , wroc\u0142aw and racibi\u00f3rz, 
  i 'm not really surprised . 
  polands main connection to latvia and estonia is that plc won one war against the swedes there . 
  no really an age old alliance . 
  friedman was talking about regional power at the center of a alliance with v4 , baltics and romania, 
   well . 
  i am trying to imagine a 5 year old with his mother , father , grandma and kindergarten teacher ( that is , the kid 's whole known world ) standing above the kid yelling at him something that feels completely natural is a sign he is a child of the devil and will end up in hell . 
  straight to exorcism strawman , think about teaching a useful skill ( ambidexterity ) instead of beating the left devil out of the child . 
   idk . 
  would n't do this to my kid , even if it 's so normal it 's not worth neither would i but i probably would have encouraged him/her to learn to use both hands because the he/she might not appreciate that the common ergonomics has a right handed bias and even scissors will be uncomfortable to use . 
  those worms are such gopnics i 'm surprised they 're not squatting :d , thanks for the video i just did n't recall ukraine 's stance on the war really . 
  also surprisingly the russian opinion starts climbing while yushchenko is still in power to stabilize after elections when yanukovich was chosen , although it might be an artifact of the incorrect timeline ( the data points should not be evenly spaced as the timeline as they are different intervals between them ) , though the ops chart that has regular data points shows the same . 
  this just shows to me that without an active conflict and propaganda ukrainians and russians just really like each other . 
  all of those sources about those problems in the wiki are ooollllld ( 1912 , 1936 , 1949 , 1933 , 1935 ) , i 'm pretty sure the methods used for encouragement then could cause all those things ( repeated physical trauma for sure can developmental problems ) . 
  hard to say i ca n't access any of it and i think i would have to go to a medical uni to get access to those papers . 
   i read somewhere else too ( can not find it now ) that it usually just causes `` normal '' trauma , it 's just very difficult for the child to switch life is difficult , stress is part of life sheltering children from it just makes them less stable later when it has real consequences . 
  though the added stress has to be worth it , an i do n't think hand switching has a lot of going for it to make it worth it . 
  not that many and not exactly the most powerful : sweden , finland , ireland , austria , cyprus , malta though the main difference is that us is not in the eu, 
  it probably could be a state since by now the power has shifted very much towards the federal government and away from the states but it probably would be easier to change the constitution and give it representation as a special case . 
  i can understand the changes for the us and the rest of the west in august 2008 but i was surprised with the similar jump for ukraine . 
  while ukraine was led by the orange revolution but that was since 2005 and the views changed only later . 
  have not hear about any damage , the child in question probably gets stressed but just ends up ambidextrous from what i can tell . 
  i quickly searched and the only thing that i found that not on the level of ativaxer websites is a study that showed that some of the brain function is tied to handedness and moves with the switch to a pattern like of right handed person but not all of it . 
  also nothing suggesting any harm . 
  though the gain of switching is negligible now since we use mostly computers and probably not worth even the minor inconveniences of the stress . 
  unfortunately i feel this will be not enough as romanians tend to go south-western eu ( due to ease of learning another romance language ) while polish go to north/north-western eu to work, 
  i would like to see polish on that chart too , it would probably get almost 1 place . 
  send more fun romanians to poland it 's the only answer ( or invite more polish ) , right now is so bad that when romanians come to poland people do n't believe they 're from there because they do n't look like gypsies . 
   except for the rent . 
  this seams to what i 've seen also , met a polish expat there a with about the same salary he would get in poland ( he though if i have to move to another city why not another country ) he could afford to buy a flat with a mortgage for 10 years instead of 25 or more he would need in poland . 
  timishoara , sibiu , cluj , brasov , bukarest + some stops on the way , end of october i just expected everything to be about 10 % cheaper and it was about 5 % more expensive then in poland . 
  not really a significant just a bit surprising . 
  i got also some impression that there is bit less choice in accommodation when wanting to scale down outside of bukarest . 
  i found romania a bit expensive when visiting not by much , but actually expected to pay less . 
  executive power is decision power . 
  the prime minister through the cabinet executes and proposes laws . 
  the executive actually has a lot of leeway in maters not strictly prescribed in the law passed by the parliament which also often instruct ministers to fill in the details of the primary legislation ( ustawy ) with secondary legislation ( rozporz\u0105dzenia ) . 
  also that comment alludes the dynamic from the time when medvedev was the president yet was still controlled by putin . 
  it 's just everybody expected to hear a story like this about him . 
  i has very high truthiness . 
  and it 's not like it 's just / r/europe it 's everybody . 
  make hired construction illegal . 
  if someone wants a house he/she can marry one ( or rather build it oneself and then marry it ) . 
   3rdcoast the lake michigan coast ? 
  the gulf ? 
  and what does that have to do with anything . 
  it is not the place of the secular administration to make any qualitative claims on the beliefs of people . 
  and the interior minister will deny you registration because of `` reasons '' like they did with pastafarians, 
  polish russian relations have fortunately changed since then . 
  my answer is that being polish is not the thing that makes the difference . 
  there are a lot of factors in play and simplification it to just nationality or religion ( while those are significatn ) does not bring us closer to the answer . 
   where are all the polish extremists trying to set the kremlin ablaze ? 
  in 1900 's -1910 's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rewolucyjni_m%c5%9bciciele https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat_organization_of_the_polish_socialist_party they did n't set the kremlin ablaze only because lack of power not lack of will, 
  i do n't know , not doing anything and not touching the subject with a ten foot pole might still win while more people would say they are unhappy with it but are not willing to change it . 
  it was written during the italian campaign . 
  that 's why they are going from italian land to poland . 
   just polish-lithuanian commonwealth ethnicity problems take a look at this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krajowcy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tutejszy, 
  thanks, 
  my reading of linguistic analysis in romanian is non existent but the connection between devils and dragon/snake / \u017bmij etc. 
  is not lost on me , dragons have been symbols of evil since forever . 
  the christianization of all those beliefs and making all those former evil spirits the devil happened everywhere . 
  but it seems he got his nickname/surname from being inducted into the order of the dragon not the order of the devil it seams the correct translation is the original one , current romanian language meaning shift notwithstanding . 
  btw how is dragon in romanian now if dracul lost it 's meaning . 
  literally in the first line of your link it says in means dragon, 
   i would n't have supported deporting polish jews to vichy france during ww2 , turkey is not vichy france . 
  a better example would be sweden in 40 's . 
   and i do n't support sending `` illegal '' syrians back to turkey just because they came here the wrong way . 
  they came in a way supporting people smugglers and risking their own lives . 
  they should be taken from turkey directly . 
   nobody has an issue with any syrians in europe , even the far right , heh while i 'm sure most in eu do n't have problems with syrians , the far right sure has ( and i mean real far right not anybody right of center ), 
  because it promotes legal ways of achieving asylum through application at the camps instead of people smuggling, 
  i like that the tweet that there are english subs is in german :d, 
  let them attack the north sea with suicide vests, 
   junior school ( year 4-6 if you did n't know ) junior school ( year 4-6 if you did n't know ) that really did n't clear up anything without saying when you start school and when you start counting the years because is still ca n't know without wiki checking . 
  sorry for nitpicking because you wanted to make it clearer , it 's just no place does it the same and the only way i can think of putting it more clearly is with age . 
  to view something that did n't prevent ( or even sometimes promoted ) good things happening as the root of all good that that happened is probably even more simplistic . 
  well if they were lone wolf they were not part of a cell, 
  when a rock version is much softer then the classical music one someone fucked up or did it on purpose in both cases he should not be able to even use the world rock . 
  damn that made me more angry then it should :d . i offer a pallet cleanser : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiojza9k7uw,
