  except brussels fuck those guys . 
  if the names are from one of the recognized minority languages ( there are like 20 of those ) they get to keep the name and original spelling and declination with all the letters if it 's latin alphabet ( like lithuanian or czech ) or transcribed according to a standard set in another law if its not latin like russian , belarusian or hebrew . 
  as for other languages i do n't know . 
  is suppose that since the technical capabilities ( at least on the goverment level ) are there for almost any letter you could keep them but would be discouraged from it since you will probably have problems with private companies . 
  damn i did . 
  they 'll probably explode katla as a punishment . 
  i would put them in ch no camp . 
  it 's not like there is a lot left . 
  no and ch could easily join but they do n't want to . 
  serbia could probably join in 5-10 years if it concentrated on it like v4 or baltics did . 
  montenegro could probably also do it . 
  bih , albania and macedonia need 10 + years of hard work easily and they are yet to start ( even if bih officially applied ) . 
  kosovo , georgia , moldova and ukraine is even hard to predict with the frozen conflicts , their internal politics do n't help either . 
  turkey so far is going the other way then they need to to join and that leaves just belarus and russia . 
  the countries in the balkans need a lot of eu involvement either way and they are an enclave inside eu so we need some stronger association agreements with them to allow for more leverage . 
  but their perspective is very far from now , only after a serious reform takes place in the eu . 
  the rest are too uncertain to predict . 
  in poland they where quite popular in the 90 's as far as i remember with one miss poland even becoming the press secretary of the government . 
  they seem to have been replaced with celebrities ( like some people like to say `` people famous for being famous '' ) in peoples minds . 
  each weeks tabloid news stories contain the things people where getting from them . 
  that popcorn looks like someone bled on it, 
   i feel like those people would n't bother to change their flair to american , they do n't usually , you can tell from their ( very us centric ) arguments and reddit history . 
  the people with american flairs on / r/europe actually sometimes bring some nice outside perspective . 
  it 's hit or miss , they just stand out a bit more . 
  heh with the eu flair prepare to get berated for being a federalist and expected to defend everything junker does . 
  you ca n't win in the game of flairs . 
  well then there is some hope then . 
  i thought the swedes are generally law abiding . 
  the ban is also on giving money to beggars . 
  if you stop giving they will ( mostly ) stop begging . 
   ignore the help at home and go here instead . 
  and they will continue to do so as long as you will keep giving them money . 
  they see you as fools to be parted with money . 
   you have disputes over the kuril islands the japanese have disputes while russian have kuril islands :d they apparently they really like japanese cars and anime in russia . 
  can / u/deyga confirm ? 
   current great powers . 
  there is only one global power , you would want to abdicate . 
   there is no influence even in the eu , see apple and other us companies constantly being shaken down for billions of dollars . 
  you might want to make them pay some taxes at home too instead of letting them operate in `` no tax jurisdiction '' or some other tax heaven . 
  beside while the ( mostly french ) make the news in the us almost none of them come to effect , nor are they common in all of europe . 
  btw did n't we have this conversation like a few months ago , i recall exactly the same argument . 
   the navy does n't need nato and more nations should be helping here . 
  but they do n't , because we have no influence to make it happen . 
  they do n't because they have their own interests they would like to enforce and they would then be in conflict with the us an then there would be problems . 
   yes it would according to the dod and rand in this report . 
  pdf warning . 
  fuck , that report is almost 500 pages , i have some drinking to do today , i 'll come back to it tomorrow :d  that 's the whole point , larges bases of ground troops are expensive and not needed . 
  there 30k ground troops in all of europe over half of them some kind of logistics support . 
  the large ground troops formations are not here anymore . 
  of the rest another 1/3 is an airborne brigade that is not tied to the european theater . 
   that has nothing to do with having troops stationed in europe it has to do with global power projection , europe is just one the most friendly places to put the infrastructure . 
   false , germany and china seem to be doing just fine without all that . 
  and neither of them are world powers , they are regional powers . 
  and germany only through the eu . 
   good , the world police this is a cost , not a benefit . 
  the world police is the cost ( you should probably cut some of that out , iraq for example was complete loss , other places less so ) , the benefit is having influence wherever and whenever it is needed . 
   the us does n't do that alone and it does n't do with with army troops in europe . 
  not alone . 
  it just happens to have the biggest navy , and the only one with carrier groups operating on all important shipping lanes . 
  who do you propose would take up the slack , and do you think those that would would be friendly to all us interests . 
  of the five largest navies us navy has half of the total forces . 
  check where are the supply and support bases are ( rota , aviano , rammstein , naples ) . 
  surely you do n't think it would be cheaper to support operations without them . 
  and who the fucks cares if they are army ? 
  us military bases in europe are us military basses . 
  there are just as much af as army troops in europe and even of those half are support troops for other us operations outside of europe . 
   which is why it does n't need nato and it will only increase wealth . 
  yeah sure , give up your dominant position in world trade and economy and become richer . 
   freunde shoner goterfunken ,  tochter aus elisium  [ energetic classical music intensifies ] yeah but honestly in varietate concordia is really good, 
  in the conflict between chmielcnicki and the polish magnates the only winners where russians while the losers where unfortunately both ukrainian and polish people . 
  the whole point is that you would not fight in them in the us but in europe or in asia . 
  you do n't want to fight a war on us soil and you 've done what is needed to stop it by having allies that stand int the way in exchange for security guaranties . 
   i wonder what would happen if we got the hell out of europe and asia for good . 
  you stop being a world power . 
  you stop having the ability to project ( non nuclear ) power in any place on earth . 
  you stop controlling shipping lanes ( by that a mean keeping them open as is the us policy since that benefits you . 
  when you give away those things you might find that there is less of that money tho reinvest home . 
  the us is a rich country and very favorably placed , it could become isolationist and autarchic , just not keeping current levels of wealth . 
  you take your position in the world for granted instead of it being the effect of constant work and investment to keep it that way . 
  but i like bread with mustard . 
  that international orange is the high visibility color at see would actually mean it 's easier to see orange . 
  well to be honest i was one of 4 and the only difference was that i knew i did the poll at a strange hour . 
  heh i found myself , so much for anonymous . 
  now we just need a election procedure for the holly roman emperor ( of all european nations ) and then let them move into the palace . 
   did communist rule stunt the economic growth of eastern european countries so badly that their aftereffects are still being felt ? 
  yes and it will probably be felt for at least 30 more years . 
  though we almost got to south european gbp per capita ( ninja edit : gbp ppp , nominal we are still far behind ) levels ( while still having a 50 year sinkhole of capital to fill in ) . 
  it 's not that they ca n't expand it 's that they are on the wish list after good highways and medium speed rail ( 200-250 km/h ) . 
  that 's a lot of infrastructure that has to be built . 
  in poland highways are mostly done , and the medium rail projects are like half way done . 
  i do n't think there is actual demand for faster rail since high speed rail would usually would cut like 20 min from medium rail times ( 2:20 gdansk-warsaw eg . 
  would become 2 hours ) for a significant investment . 
  after other infrastructure is ready we might come back to it . 
  also there is the question of population density which generally lower in eastern and central europe . 
  since you got fed up , i just wanted to end it from my side that i learned quite a bit during our conversation . 
  have a good time and a peaceful future . 
   supervisor , he was the one that stopped working in the first place . 
  well i 'm just saying that the romanian supervisor was not the best available . 
  though the guy they brought seems great to have . 
   belgium that 's because belgium did n't exist before .
