  no real dutchman could say there is a 3 % of drowning in the netherlands meaning it , that would be like germans saying their beer and wurst is bad or french throwing out their cheese and wine . 
  that looks suspiciously like a advert from a people smuggler . 
  i do n't remember a lot of calls for genocide but go to the nice thread to get some calls for ethnic cleansing ( `` send them all out '' ), 
  i always found inshallah funny since it stretches from `` i 'm working on it and i hope everything goes well '' to `` fuck it , what happens happens '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/woodstock_festival_ ( poland ), 
  ulrich died trying to pronounce that name :d, 
   prosecuted , not persecuted there is and i need some sleep :d  the ` l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 ' thing is probably the only way they could charge the guy without getting the monarchy directly involved . 
  you say like it 's something good . 
  so he would not be persecuted : also my answer here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4stije/man_gets_30_days_in_jail_and_two_years_on/d5d11lm, 
  the president is protected from defamation like any other citizen . 
  so no need for a separate law about insulting him . 
  english exit , stop coming to the council meeting and hope nobody notices . 
  if it 's a threat then then he should be persecuted whoever he threatens . 
  i 'm all for legal recourse in case of threats and defamation just with the equal treatment from the law . 
  eu has a task force for it but no budget . 
  http://eeas.europa.eu/top_stories/2015/261115_stratcom-east_qanda_en.htm also if you by design not lie about things the impact of your propaganda ( marketing ) becomes limited . 
  in poland we also have a law like that for the president and i disagree with it . 
  in fact we have a similar one to the german one that handles foreign heads of state which is even worse . 
  in the last 25 years i think it was used like 2 times ( once against a bum and once against a highschooler ) both times everybody involved was ridiculed and the opposition declared the ruling party as using it to silence free speech . 
  the best part is in those two examples the parties involved were reversed ( po and pis ) but neither of them tried to change the law when the eventually got in to power ( and got the head of state ) . 
  the law about foreign heads of state i think was only used against insulting john paul ii . 
  all in all the traditions and ideas represented by the head of state and flag need to be kept strong on their own and not artificially protected otherwise they become useless . 
  this sounds like one of the news that you overhear during the opening sequence of a apocalyptic movie . 
  would he persecuted if he used your face ? 
  if not then fuck that law ( i do n't have strong opinions about the king ) . 
  but that way you destroy the lid ( i 'm assuming reuse for homemade preserves as those are the ones that are usually really tightly closed ) but that 's maybe 0.03 $ of loss . 
  well he could always say that all the rapes are by hispanics they make up 17 % of the us army ( source : https://www.army.mil/hispanics/ ) but then he would have to decide are they american heroes and he supports the troops or are they filthy rapists . 
  those ruins already suffered a significant dose of restoration . 
  what is on the pictures is held up by modern cement . 
  i hope that it grew to the outside . 
  is n't that only for color laser printers ? 
  the pattern is yellow iirc to make it `` invisible '' it would be quite obvious if my bw printer greyed the paper a little with a grey pattern . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhhx4mqjjgi straight from itar-tass, 
  and 3 hands to a foot this is some real body horror bruegel hell, 
  the greeks like in ancient times take the most choice pieces for themselves and send the 15 % offal and bones to the ~ ~ gods ~ ~ germans . 
  edit : letters, 
  imo the unit should be about the same size as the big countries now . 
  anything more and the distance in a emergency becomes to big . 
  the eu as a whole is just to big at least for staples . 
  well some areas will end up with no domestic production so in the event of a disruption of imports they will have to do without security is not cost effective day to day , only when shit hits the fan and you have the deal with it . 
  well if you want to split them off from switzerland and apply the same restrictions to neighboring towns then ok . 
  no the eu declared at least 2 years ago that the swiss deal was the last of it 's kind and any other countries willing to associate at this level will have take the full eea . 
  i though the uk will be building a tunnel to australia . 
  i saw a documentary a few years ago about the plan it was called total recall, 
  was the second red scare a thing in australia ? 
  also ww2 in australian might be one of the best places to spend it in . 
  gazprom pipes is what the eu should be dancing to . 
  the council is actually almost the original us senate ( just with 1 representative per state instead of 2 ) . 
  till the beginning of 20th century the senators where elected by the state legislatures . 
  i would be ok with that with an election for the representative of the country instead of implicitly sending the representative of the government . 
  but this will not really help a lot , if you do n't consider a member of your government as your democratic representative the not only the eu but each country in europe is undemocratic . 
  the conservative party, 
  one can unilaterally use a currency you just do n't have a say in the monetary policy . 
  like montenegro ( switched officially to dm even when part of yugoslavia and later to euro ) or bosnia and herzegovina ( it actually uses km which is 1:1 with dm so 1.95 with eur ) montenegro is already a candidate to the eu . 
  do the danes really want skone back ? 
  because the swedes always seem like they would like to loose it somewhere . 
  article 5 , 4 is consultations i would suspect am to drive into kaliningrad, 
  if anything the eu needs a naming reform in the next treaty , we ca n't have two councils ( and another european council outside of the eu ) and 3 presidents . 
  no wonder people are confused . 
  more like dept bondage , you just need to poorly one week and you need to pay of a debt, 
  great it actually also works in polish :d i 'm gon na use it sometime, 
  yeah robots need to be taxed when they are already popular ( and installed in the eu ), 
  that was the plan for the fulda gap , for the ardennes and on the opposite side defending the oder and vistula . 
  that 's why the units that were the tip of the attack were planned to be decommissioned after 2 weeks because after attacking through numerous radioactive clouds they would be puking their guts out by the time they reached the rhine or oder . 
  i 'm talking about '92 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday, 
  betting and investing against the pound to crash the currency is enough in my eyes . 
  he might not be evil but he is a dick . 
  his other activities are really more ambiguous , if you are afraid of new world order then he is the devil incarnate and does n't really hide it . 
  if you are into a federal europe etc. 
  and loving all kumbaya style the his declared goals are all for you . 
  if you try to be realist you ca n't miss that he gains a lot from destabilization he causes . 
  even if his the stated goals are noble he pushes countries to change and some times they end up better for it ( cee ) sometime they end worse ( ukraine ) and the people there suffer . 
  i do n't think he is the all powerful mastermind trying to destroy the west with multiculturalism like the rightist show him but he is a player that sometimes looses pawns that he plays with and it would be prudent to have that in mind . 
  airbus is now partly tied to the eu they 're register as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societas_europaea under eu corporate law so they will be very affected if they need to reincorporate the parts in the uk or even change their own status . 
   normal people soros is also a piece of shit , his fuckery is just harder to prove ( and i believe like 1/4 since the rest is too complicated to work ) while murdoch is a dick in the open ( and his schemes are simple thus reliable ), 
  :( well salt deserts are pretty too . 
  brexit will need a treaty signed by every member after negotiations are done so might as well do some eu reforms at the same time . 
  it 's not the eu that will be ending agreements it will be the swiss . 
  how connected are the multitude of agreements i how much will be broken i do n't know . 
  the negotiations were ongoing since the referendum but there is little progress from what i 've seen . 
  the only good news here for 2 days was about a goat beauty pageant in lithuania but yours puts the nail in this week . 
  hope you stay strong and i hope to see only good news from turkey next time i see it here . 
  here have some nice flamingos from turkey , they look beautiful http://time.com/4385969/turkey-lake-tuz-salt/, 
  at least they 're asking instead of stealing like usually . 
  and jobbik too . 
  traitors on pay of foreign governments calling themselves nationalists . 
  i think they got the wake up call when russians in germany started rioting based on a fake rape story of russian girl that was promoted in russian media for weeks after being proven false . 
  hope this keeps them looking close at putins hands . 
  to get a better deal . 
  not to mention bosnia and rwanda . 
   profumo affair if profumos misdeeds warrant a life of charity work then bj will have to live for a 1000 years to rehabilitate himself . 
  sure knock yourself out, 
  let them win eurovision then next year the greeks come dressed as the first army from larissa, 
  but this is so the precisely so countries that stay on the sidelines get a better name . 
  instead of being left out as the second gear or second tier they get to be gold :d . 
  these are the people that rejected the europen declaration of human rights because it would lead to gays adopting children . 
  and rile against `` gender '' propaganda coming from the west . 
  a union that explicitly leaves those things for the states might be the way to `` buy '' their support . 
  hell go for it , poland like the more backwards parts of the us will liberalize socially soon ( 10-20 years ) either way and the union will be for keeps . 
   if the life of this germans get worse because the eu get 's unstable around them so you are saying that nothing will happen until there riots half around europe ?
