   ( it 's boris 's legitimate son who was cursed , right ? 
  heinrich , the bastard , was the one like his father ) ( yeah that 's right . 
  i still need to finish enemy within :d but the rumors in city of the white wolf say so . 
  i 've started 3 times in 15 years and always either we get sidetracked or life gets in the way and the team falls apart :( ), 
  corruption and power hungry scheming of evil men is the reason . 
  karl-frantz i is a weak mutant apologist and his son is a mutant . 
  holswig-schliestein emperors will bring the end to the empire . 
  follower of the false church . 
  the priests have deceived you . 
  sigmar was a anointed hero of ulric and we all owe allegiance to the lord of winter . 
  did not know that :d . some times the joke is funny if you explain it :d . 
  but they were not wends . 
  so why would call them that . 
  go build more strawman somewhere else . 
   you can say same about vilnius , you could and the same justification would work for gdansk in the early xx c. i just was not applicable in the xii - xviii . 
  we were just discussing . 
   you wanted it for yourself . 
  what would i do with all of vilnius by myself . 
   germans germans as we use the word today ( members of the german nation as a whole ) did not exist till the middle of xix c. that 's why i used german speaking , the most precise term to use would probably be danziger but that makes it a bit of tautology . 
  krooleviec it literally means the same as konigsberg, 
  well it was a polish city inhabited by germans . 
  since it was before nation states the german speaking b\u00fcrgers of danzig had no problem with swearing allegiance to the polish king when he protected their rights . 
  my comment had more to do with every other un mission . 
  you meant every other danish un mission ? 
  what kind americanized bullshit is this . 
  will we have to have national trees , birds , minerals and condiments like each state has . 
  some of them are important for the specified countries or traditionally are associated with values important for those countries but that does not make them national flowers . 
  also the poppy in poland refers to the second world war not the first . 
   every other un mission except korea, 
  it was not when they came in ( at least not all of it ), 
  the main brands surely do it 's part of the commitments when joining the dvd consortium ( and getting the specs ) . 
  the off market players that did n't care were companies form chine that where out of reach from any lawsuit for patent infringement etc. 
  i though same price as in the rest of europe . 
  ( 10 $ if iirc ) so 1 $ = 1 $ that 's the conversion rate it seams for digital media . 
  for a long time it seams it was about correct with the 1 $ = 1 $ + 20 % vat . 
  hmm i checked the netflix price and it 's 43 pln ( 11 $ ) for the non shitty option . 
  so about 1 $ more then in the us . 
  with even netflix serries not available ( polish broadcasters bough rights to trans house of cards so it 's not available for example ) no wonder nobody cares . 
  of course they will say it 's not worth it to expand to poland next time . 
  it 's the same story as with ebay the had a grand opening in poland and proposed a laughably bad product so nobody used it . 
  except that article states they said that they support a longer election period with more public knowledge that would chose less political judges . 
  are you the translator for tvp ? 
  except when were talking about the same service ( netfilix ) when comparing it in the uk and poland for example, 
  well norway is in great position to use pumped hydro as a battery for europe if you dam a few fjords and build enough interconnects . 
  but that would mean norway along withe denmark ( the interconnects would go through there ) would become a strategic place for european energy policy , so places where interesting things happen . 
   the concordat is a piece of legislation that guarantees no dependance of one on another , and freedom to practice christianity . 
  that freedom is in the constitution you do n't need any more legislation beside it . 
  the concordat puts financial and organizational burdens on the state that go towards the roman catholic church specifically . 
  it was done freely by the will of the people sure but it gives rcc much more then freedom . 
   rest of your post you just do n't care that the choices are not equal . 
   the church-state relationship does n't exist in any formal way . 
  except the concordat which is a very formal relationship between the church and state  completely optional technically yes you can go to ethics classes . 
  practically not all schools organize them , if they do they are always in worse hours ( before or after class with free time between them and other lessons ) and require more work from the child . 
  not mentioning the ostracism you would face in smaller cities or villages . 
  a rabbi a bishop and a pop are having a dinner on friday at the rabbis place and brisket is served . 
  the bishop and pop say they can not eat it . 
  the rabbi says `` just christen it fish '' . 
  heh no shit , people living in a less congested city are happy and people that have less access to the city center are not . 
  do you know is the public transport situation in stockholm , also how is it to the suburbs ? 
  it was after he announced it wont be renewed for another 3 months . 
   a lot of ee countries usually have the most negative views on immigration , why should they stay in the eu if they do n't like others coming ? 
  depends on how other you are . 
  never had anyone here speak anything about inter european migrations ( maybe except gypsies ) . 
   holy roman empire cities ca n't push back ottoman infantry of course they ca n't , you need polish hussars for that, 
  would n't it end like the denmark-sweden train ? 
  no border , schengen all the way but they wo n't let you board without id so the immigrants stopped . 
  `` turkish models '' in google image search says yes :d, 
   his majesty king felipe vi of spain with a turkish guy , or his wife letizia , bourbons , they are as much spanish as the saxe-coburg-gotha are british :p . not exactly the best example , but you point still stands that spanish are a very mixed bag that is mostly light . 
  probably because of reasons for emigration . 
  americans leaving the us have all the opportunity they can get at home , they just do n't like the us or are curious either is inversely correlated with jingoism . 
  nah in polish both towarzysz ( companion ) and towarzyszyc ( to acompany ) and also towar ( cargo ) are much older then commies also it comes according to wiki from a protoslavic root word * tovar\u044a . 
  i can not do that in a corner nationalist shop . 
  on the internet everything is free game so do n't expect it to change, 
  maybe showing of the traditional color of underwear for the prom ( studni\u00f3wka = hundred days till matura exam party ) . 
  well that 's not comforting at all . 
  well of course the americans sell one . 
  i just checked aliexpress really thinking it will be produced in chine either way ,, 
  obscure ww2 reference -  have and upvete . 
  well maybe not that obscure as it is in the polish curriculum but it 's not like people listen in school . 
  i do n't know but the only source that comes to mind mind would be syria . 
  i tried aliexpress but nobody sells them , although it would n't surprise me if some chinese company prints them on the down low . 
   old could n't even buy or get his hands on a real flag could you ? 
  is there a new branch of lidl-jihad opening to capitalize on the opportunity ? 
  rest of your post ring true with me . 
  a swiss bank works best in cases like this . 
  apparently uk young do n't drink to get drunk , they 're just really shity at holding their drink . 
  looks better in person , but the lowest 2 floors are executed poorly , instead of blending with the old the new building stands just inside it . 
  edit : just like this one https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4th4wr/i_see_your_beautiful_finnish_churches_and/d5hhof3, 
  and the best part if that picture is the ( historically accurate ) oriental tack on the horse and ottoman saddle ( kulbaka ), 
  well the movie version of us 2016 already has donald as one of the main characters . 
  that 's like opposite of what you put in a matrimonial ad . 
   i dont think france and britain for instance would have won with a german friendly russia . 
  they would n't be ww1 as we know it with a german friendly russia just a austro-serbian war . 
  as far as i know they are just rebuilding capabilities they had before that were neglected for 20 years . 
  thought they are building nice new nuclear icebreakers for those northern trader routes . 
   odessa odessa is in ukraine , you probably mean sevastopol ( still technically ukraine but we all know how the crimea looks like now ) . 
  the ussr never had a significant blue water navy there is no reason to think they are trying to build one as russia . 
  mostly because they do n't need to , they have access to 1/2 of the world by bordering it they do n't need to sail anywhere . 
  though i 'll give turkey is important . 
  i assumed .
