  the rulling was the correct one . 
  or whatever gymnast putin if fucking now, 
   what a cliche of europe would look like . 
  generic renesainse fair setting . 
  tudor balconies , timber framed houses , stone castle and a gothic cathedral . 
  i know we live int the age of post-everything , but post powerful does not inspire confidence . 
  clearly the soviet designs are superior since they can can drift without ice, 
  this might be a nice start for a series on cultural influence on children through the years . 
  my childhood enactments ( early 90 's in poland ) was dominated by `` czterej pancerni '' ( ww2 ) , cowboys and indians and 80 's and 90 's american movies on vhs like rambo . 
  it would be interesting to get others to chime in with their experiences . 
   my vote goes to `` vardar macedonia '' . 
  because `` od vardara do triglava '' . 
  i prefer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqzqv-6-4do but it might be to serbian for the rest of exyu, 
  most serene is already claimed by the polish-lithuanian commonwealth and a few italian states ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serenissima https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/most_serene_republic_ ( disambiguation ) ) rest is spot on . 
  is the international communist conspiracy out to sap your precious bodily fluids ? 
  protect your essence . 
   the only one who think we 're classy at the nations do n't have to share holiday resorts with our best and brightest every summer , it pretty much was the same in poland before 2003 . 
  with traditional stereotypes of posh gentlemen with stiff upper lips from before the 1939 mixed with james bond , monthy python and american movies in the 1990s . 
  according to your post you call bread `` butter ham '' so allow me to not value your standards of words making sense too high . 
  up to sea dog everything makes sense after all bets are off, 
  because nose horn makes sense while river horse is a bit of a stretch, 
  sounds scifi enough . 
  now do n't fuck this up . 
  and then they will send you to the convenient un concentrations camps build by fema around new orleans after katrina . 
  well it is 8000 + m, 
   czech tourists . 
  i pretty sure you can find them anywhere , a couple of years ago i met 2 czechs in ushuia ( end of the world just north of antarctica ) that told me a story about how they climbed aconcagua in nice weather in tennis shoes . 
  like i said in another comment poland does not have any transfer fees on the gas above costs , this is according to the polish-russian contract . 
  you mention the fees a lot and it 's untrue . 
  not murder , it 's criminal negligence , conspiracy to commit fraud , fraud of millions of people and multiple manslaughter , and millions of health endangered , probably also trying to destroy evidence . 
  that 's a lot of crimes , all committed for lowest of excuses . 
  and as to their rehabilitation and reintroduction to society , they would need to spend the rest of their life helping people to make a dent in this bad karma . 
  they might not need to be locked up since they are not violent but they deserve to spend the majority of the rest of their life on community service . 
   also germany already is buying the majority of its gas from the netherlands and norway . 
  their production is falling and germany is building ns2 to replace it . 
   if this was not about the money for poland then why did poland never offer to waive transfer fees ? 
  because we did n't take any from the start . 
  europolgaz that manages the polish segment of yamal according to the polish-russian agreement works on non profit basis , with transit fees calculated to bring no more the 5 mln euro per year of profit and sometimes actually bringing loses . 
  it does not pay out any of the money to poland or russia . 
  the rest of the pipe is owned by gazprom directly so ask them . 
  but this was not about transfer fees from the start so it does not really matter does it ? 
   `` for pleasure , sexual gratification , out of greed or otherwise base motives '' . 
  well that fits for those people they knowingly hurt other people for greed, 
   i 'm curious , do you know how many people aspire to be programmers in poland ? 
  a fuckton , it 's been the most sought after and hard to get into faculty ( of the technical ones ) for 20 years straight . 
  and there are lot of them . 
  it helps that this is probably the best payed career in poland , and it services are a huge export . 
  mostly they work in outsourced development centers of global companies or in subcontractors that do work for foreign companies . 
  what poland lacks is any financial opportunities , once you have some prototype going and you need to invest to polish and market it . 
  but there are no financial institutions that specialze in high risk investments so you need to bet your life savings , and usually you can do it once but 9 out of 10 startups fail . 
  for more concrete stuff that you also need laboratories for there is a distinct lack of research opportunities at universities that that could be spun off into startups without first investing millions into labs . 
  without that support structure ( either from an existing ecosystem like the silicon valley or government organization ) all you get is unrealized ideas and failed startups that collapsed because they had nobody to advise them and help them over bureaucratic barriers ( especially when transferring into new markets ) . 
   it was bullshit , called the us on it sure , and it was detrimental to the us as a whole . 
  but just like australia joins any foreign us engagement as a tribute of sorts for the us guaranteeing safety of the shipping lanes they rely on for prosperity , poland will join as long as us is the only stick that can be used vs russia . 
   and i ca n't imagine russia setting foot in poland without a full reaction , that would be the end of eu , i believe poland and the rest of v4 is safe from invasion for the foreseeable future ( as long as we stay members of at least one of eu and nato , preferably both :d ) so it 's more stability ( and the prosperity it brings ) and freedom from non military influence we are fighting for . 
  which might be less dramatic but also important in the long term . 
  we sure think we deserve some stability finally , if only to get rid of our victim complex and start working on our faults . 
   the gop seems to still support trump . 
  they also bring more sanction to the table and recently they forbid the us to recognized crime in any way . 
  the us has a very extensive network of interlocking powers that stops them from making to much changes too quickly . 
  that 's not a good comparison , the cars provide huge value to a lot of people . 
  premiums for the execs based on sales figures do not . 
  a better comparison of cost to benefit would be be why do n't do n't we criminalize removing particle filters and catalytic converters and driving on the road . 
  but we already do , it 's illegal and you wo n't pass inspection checks if it is found out . 
  will you go to jail for it no , most countries are only starting to treat it seriously enough to enforce fines and clamping down on mechanics that do it . 
  that 's basically what they did just 11 mln times and then tried to cover it up from the authorities . 
  the systemic problem is something else , that the test do n't represent real driving conditions . 
  that is bad and there is need to be change them . 
  another problem is that the already inadequate tests where sidestepped . 
  i think execs from gm and fiat also should face jailtime . 
  the last link rather says that no foul play was found for the other companies so for them only the standards need to be changed . 
  maybe germany should send warrants to america for the gm guys , and spain to italy for fiat ones . 
  like i said anybody willing to prosecute criminals is ok in my book . 
  i stand by it even if i do see this is some thinly veiled attack on germany from the us , but not having criminals in your companies would be better defense then whataboutism . 
   uk and poland . 
  that list is just for the invasion and poland only sent our 2 special forces units then ( though to be honest they where probably more valuable then the rest of the polish commitment over the years ) in the occupation there where : spain , denmark , portugal , netherlands just from the west . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_%e2%80%93_iraq  assuming good coordination and will ) and with/after trump nato is unclear . 
  that 's why i 'm personally supporting the european army and closer ties with europe but western europe is not making my argument easier on the `` will '' part . 
  from what i gather of the current us policy is that any will trump has about russia has been overwhelmed by the washington establishment that is traditionally anti russian . 
   though it 's a double edged sword . 
  sure the distrust goes both ways and nobody is wiling to compromise it 's own security for their allies . 
  we need to fight for it . 
  half of europe went to iraq . 
  and poland only chooses the us because it 's more dependable ( if only because they have nothing to loose in punishing russia ) . 
  from a security point : * energy union is not anywhere in sight , germany increases it 's dependence on russian gas instead of diversifying * france is still selling advanced optics to russia https://euobserver.com/investigations/129953 the helicopter deal was criminal though , one of the guys responsible for the cancellation was fucking lobbyist for boeing , he even escaped from poland to the us . 
  yes that 's exactly what they did . 
  just like they had malfunction on oil pipelines to lithuania when they lost the bid to buy a refinery and latvia when they were n't allowed to buy the oil port there . 
  when poland wanted to buy more gas ( as agreed in the 30 years deal ) from the yamal pipeline ( through belarus ) to be used to replaced the gas we sold to ukraine they also had a series of malfunctions that resolved only after they brokered a deal with ukraine . 
  actually stopping the gas to a paying customer like poland would be illegal , but somehow they get the those technical problems at the most convenient times . 
   . the sale of indulgencies of modern times they are not there to make me think i do n't have no effect . 
  they are there to allow me to chose between two things that have equal utility to me the one that pollutes less . 
  some of them are bullshit sure , like conflict free diamonds , conflict free cobalt , or any ecological rare earths . 
  but others are directly verifiable and all that needs to be done is not allow greedy pieces of shit ignore the law . 
   just stop being a hypocrit . 
  stop defending criminals that poison people for money, 
   there sure is one if you look at it from a moral standpoint deliberately not doing things required by safety or health law and practices is usually at least criminal negligence . 
  they did know they where doing wrong and did know they are risking peoples health . 
  they did n't even do it by inaction since they had to invest time and energy to cheat the certification . 
   some people actually died there was one study that linked the increased emissions in the us to 50 + premature deaths ( based on statistical analysis ) and there are 20 times more cars then in the us that had the same program installed worldwide . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkswagen_emissions_scandal#deaths  sentences have to be comparable .
