  not the other guy successfully promoting the interest of you employer ( whether state or private ) . 
  sometimes you can do it making friends some time you ca n't . 
  russia has almost nothing it can buy their neighbors with ( in comparison with the eu ) so they resort to intimidation . 
  i thought the brits thought it was not democratic enough ? 
  heh everything bad goes back to sarkozy, 
  well the dutch one had no wings , the croatian could fly home :d, 
   with jon stewart `` vote for the democrats '' i got from him support liberal values which ( unfortunately ) are currently slightly better represented by democrats . 
  you got bamboozled in exactly the party mentality he was talking about . 
   you know that prosecutors are n't exclusive to america , right ? 
  in romania they 're civil servants just as the judges are . 
  dna is an organization of prosecutors - their job is to find evidence . 
  evidence that judges then judge upon . 
  it 's not the existence of prosecutors that wast the target of my comment but juries ( unless you mean groups of judges acting together ) . 
  also when do you place the start of your investigation because for me most of the investigation happens before any judge involvement beside search warrants . 
   because they are civil lawsuits , they begin in the lower ( local ) courts and usually do n't make it to the higher ones because of lack of evidence . 
  but that 's enough in your solution to stop prominent candidates , they have a investigation and trial ongoing , the only thing the accuser needs to do is sabotage the trial so that it ca n't conclude in a timely manner through calling on more witnesses and forcing postponements . 
  it 's a huge avenue for misconduct . 
   it 's the job of a prosecutor to make a case based on evidence . 
  and then a jury has to look at the evidence and say if there 's suspicion ( or valid evidence ) of the law being broken . 
  what ? 
  does romania have a much more american system of persecution then i expected ? 
   it 's not like investigations can be opened out of thin air , without any proof . 
  when the system is already corrupt ? 
   false testimony or evidence is also punishable with jail . 
  id does n't have to be false , just hearsay and unreliable , just enough to open an investigation which will be then last until the election . 
   and fighting such a high status legal battle on false evidence would be very risky . 
  are cases of mayors and members of parliament that high status ? 
  do n't they happen all the time in romania now ? 
   as an individual if you speak publicly you have to be able to be aware of how you are heard . 
  do you expect them to have a working mental model of how the world sees them ? 
  you might overestimate the mental powers of a lot of football hooligans . 
  that clip was an example of denunciation of both of the leads of `` crossfire '' not only the ( r ) side one . 
  jon has also criticized the ( d ) side on many occasions for concentrating on bullshit conflicts in collusion to keep power power between the 2 parties . 
  even if he sympathizes with them more . 
  i would not agree with that , while he has a clear liberal bias and is not really hiding it the point is hyper partisanship not bias per se . 
   any mp that has been investigated in the past ( no matter if he 's been indicted or not ) should be prohibited from ever running for office . 
  that would just lead to some fuckwit opening investigations on all of the opposition . 
  jon stewart has been critical of how the hyper partisan system has hurt america for years . 
  this is just him confronting one of the shows that thrives on giving the politicians what they need to win elections ( and primaries ) , an echo chamber for precisely selected conflict issues . 
  loves poland like a son, 
  heh in polish maya is still the same ( maja ) but willy is gucio, 
  - but commander what if they have higher ground - hehehehhrh hehehehhe [ laughs in dutch ] - hehehehhrh hehehehhe [ laughs in dutch ], 
  examples of things not happening ? 
   a destroyer is absolutely sufficient for a show of force . 
  tell me when a power not having a carrier battlegroup nearby sends one against some other capable power . 
  the lone destroyer is just a bluff . 
  the carrier group is there in case someone is stupid enough to call it . 
   well , they are in their own waters , the us disputing the sovereignity of china does not exactly sound neutral . 
  are you saying the `` nine-dash line '' is a completely valid position on behalf of china ? 
  all their neighbors dispute china 's sovereignty over the south china see . 
  and the un so far has ruled against them ( in the case with philippines ), 
   you know what 's even better ? 
  a ship that can actually be sent on a solo mission just to show presence . 
  i heard they call them destroyers . 
  pretty neat those things . 
  you good luck sending a solo destroyer on someone with more capability then somali pirates . 
   you implied above that that was the case already though . 
  maybe the you can give me an example of a ship stopped on pretext of weapons transport and the subsequently not let go when it was not carrying any ? 
  or do you want to include weapons into freedom of navigation ? 
   it 's also a fact that the us bullies china in the south china sea . 
  as opposed to china bullying it 's neighbors ? 
  though i think most of the claimants involved are doing power grabs . 
   factually carriers are not good at fighting other ships . 
  well it 's the airplanes ( and the rockets on them ) that are good a fighting the other ships . 
  they might not be the best anti ship platform but they counter other ones . 
  they have a significant role in ensuring anti submarine warfare capabilities , reconnaissance , anti air , early warning command and control ( awacs ) . 
  they also are one of the best ways to target ground based threats ( to shipping ) . 
  btw are going to be posting examples of those stopped iranian and chinese ships , i 'm not holding my breath but i desire closure . 
  are you saying that carriers ( well carrier battle groups ) have not been a dominant power in naval warfare since the begining of ww2 ? 
  or do you think you can protect freedom of shipping  suspected of carrying weapons  :') there is something wrong with your face if it looks like that . 
  well that makes more sense . 
   theoretically sure , but practically not . 
   how nice , but i am pretty sure the chinks ca n't sail wherever they want and neither can the iranians . 
  just because `` no one is shooting cargo ships '' does n't mean that freedom of navigation is actually ensured blindly to everyone . 
  bullshit , if you are so sure give some examples when iranian or chinese ships not suspected of carrying weapons where stopped on the high seas . 
   they are one of the least flexible ships and do n't contribute a whole lot to freedom of navigation . 
  ensuring freedom of navigation means having the ability to shoot down anybody that blocks trade ships from travel . 
  carriers are very good at that . 
  they do n't have to by the ships actually passing through contested waters . 
  wait doesm ' t vlaams brabant and brabant wallon mean the same thing, 
  diversity is not a value , the same way homogeneity/purity is not a value diversity ( in the sense `` in varaiete concordia '' ) description of europe not some end goal . 
  yeah , when they are dead or running and hiding in mali they have a much harder time attacking elsewhere as opposed to if they make mali a safe heaven . 
  problem is al qaida tends to not stay in mali . 
   but then i 'm such a heartless cynical bastard ...  straight up german nationalism would at least be consistent :d . 
  freedom of navigation is not about sanctions it 's about blockades . 
  sanctions are voluntary ( the sanctioning side ) by the countries involved . 
  if a country want 's to trade with iran they can , it 's just that us convinced all of the major players and the un to not do it , nobody is shooting any cargo ships . 
  also freedom of navigation does not include weapons . 
  as to the weather carriers are needed , they are just the most powerful and versatile type of ship . 
  maybe you could use just destroyers an frigates to do it but they have to work to stop somali pirates , somebody with an actual navy could have a better chance . 
   in other words germany does n't need carriers and us carriers do n't act upon the request of germany ? 
  what does the request of germany have to do with it , germany does not need carriers because the us handles that for them , if the us did n't do it then either germany would have to protect it 's shipping all around the world or they would have to forgo a lot of international trade both very expensive plans . 
   oh while it 's not really relevant i am pretty sure the yanks did n't even ratify the freedom of navigation convention . 
  they did n't sign because they object to the part about exploitation of minerals in international waters , they have upheld the rest of it and previous agreements . 
  and they are the main ( if not only ) enforcer of those laws . 
   also pretty fucking sure that there currently are conflicting opinions on whose freedom of navigation actually does get protected . 
  there are ? 
  whose freedom of navigation is not protected ? 
  germany would need carriers if the us did not pledged theirs to freedom of navigation ( and upheld that pledge for 70 years now ) . 
  other countries would also need supercarriers and some probably would also have conflicting opinions on whose freedom of navigation they are there to protect and suddenly we are back in 1905 and heading towards a world war not even knowing it .
