  i would rather say they are content . 
  very much so , just instated of the iron fist of oppression it uses the velvet glove of comfort to pacify most of the population . 
  and that 's not even touching deliberately physically and mentally crippling most of the population . 
  the perfect planned society . 
  they 've been adapting it for a film almost since it was written , but it never went beyond a screenplay, 
  synthwave is fine to, 
  are we left with choosing which distopia is preferable ? 
  if so i prefer cyberpunk . 
  the life is harder but at least there is abundant chrome and 80 's heavy metal . 
  they would just sell sprite - sovereignty edition `` say no to thirst ( and unelected eurocrats ) '' it would be hit . 
  something a bit smaller then the sub brands but larger then ingredient labels and in the font, 
  how would it cost more ? 
  and macron is the current prince of andorra so it would be a royal marriage :d . 
  thanks . 
  ok i 've read and he is both right and wrong . 
  your sources actually give the answers to his question on why the proposals where made : http://www.efta.int/sites/default/files/documents/eea/eea-efta-comments/2016/eea-efta-comment-on-contract-rules.pdf the eu consumer agencies ( both beuc and the country ones ) want to keep the current level of protection where there can be while business organization all want a single level of protection for all of eu so it 's easier to do business and sell across borders . 
  is the ( arguably small , vast majority of eu ( and eea and efta ) countries offer only the 2 year warranty period ) lessening of mandatory protection is worth creating and environment in which european companies can do business easier over the whole single market , i 'm not sure . 
  but making every sale only need to conform to one standard of protection seems like it would allow for retailers to compete across borders more easily , and hopefully they would compete not only based on price but also quality and warranty periods since they can still offer longer ones on their own . 
  also another draft proposal from the same imco proposes tying the minimal length to the expected lifetime ( for longer lasting products like the aforementioned fridge ) . 
   kept murdering illegals here the point is they did n't come as murdering illegals ( just illegals ) but they left as ones after their experience in the us . 
  it 's not really americans fault that they created gangs and became criminals that 's on them , but you ca n't find it healthy that the american gang violence problem is so big that it 's now being exported . 
  yep , about the same i 've heard . 
  i do n't think they want to invest the money ( at least in anything less safe the aa bonds ) , just have it there . 
   higher than warzones in countries like honduras . 
  was n't it la gangs ( edit : made up of honduran immigrants but organized in the us ) that the us started deporting en masse that started that murder wave in honduras . 
  i 'm waiting to see how this is the eu 's fault . 
   make something germans want then they want the warm feeling of having money in the bank . 
  competition only works where there is a working market , there are some places where markets barely work or do n't work at all . 
  those are the natural monopolies of transportation and utilities ( the last mile ) or when the payoff is very removed from investment like in education and healthcare . 
  there should of course be procedures in place to allow for the greatest market possible ( like separating the energy delivery company from the energy producing company and requiring fair use agreements ) . 
  are some races more predisposed to some cultures ? 
   and consumers are open to it . 
  and supermarkets do n't stock them because of some conspiracy or beacuse they do n't sell well . 
   why eu is setting an absolute upper limit instead of a minimum requirement baffles me . 
  the 2 years is a minimum , your country can require more an the producer can offer more . 
  but they have a longer and older history of moving west they came first from the east continued west till they met the roman empire . 
  some moved a bit west again with the fall of the empire , some did some fancy circles through ukraine , balkans spain , north africa and italy . 
  well it 's been like that since first humans entered europe . 
  the moors might have been the only migrants that started from the west . 
   i bring my own woman . 
  of course you do , estonians are world famous wife carriers . 
  his proposal i think are more targeting eurozone members . 
   is that something that only happens informally now on a project by project basis ? 
  in the eu there is currently the structural fund that goes mostly to the poorest members and is great but it is small compared to to the economy ( the whole eu budget is even if you include the cap ), 
  putin : [ chuckles sovieticly ], 
   minnesotans minesota had high immigration from nordic countries https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minnesota#race_and_ancestry, 
  they 'll add an alias atlantic-north but it will still connect to the same server, 
  i assume estonia at least will work for a connection to finland , latvia is a bit problematic but a connection to sweden would not really be that much longer then ones between poland and sweden . 
  in the spirit of equality you can be a sir regardless of gender . 
   the ariane 5 main stage accelerates to roughly 7 km/s . 
  hey you are right i fucked up my back of the envelope :d . it 's 6.5 and 1.2 by my revised calculation ( that add up to the correct 11 km/s for the whole rocket with the eap ) ( 20t payload , 3.5 km/s eap , 6.5 km/s core , 1.2 km/s 2nd , total : ~ 11 km/s to leo ) that still makes the ariane upper stage bring 10 times more dv then the orbiter did for the shuttle . 
  but both have about the same leo capability with a 20t payload , and the numbers i 've given were for the es variant second stage used to bring the atv to the iss , you ca n't get a better comparison with the shuttle . 
  the eca variant for geo launches second stage is almost 1.5 the mass and brings even more of the the dv for that kind of launch with the smaller payload ( 10t payload , 3.5 km/s eap , 6.7 km/s core , 3 km/s 2nd , total : ~ 13 km/s to geo ) . 
  though you could probably give another similarity because both used large solid boosters partly as a subsidy for slbm/icbm motor manufacturers . 
  since the respective companies make motors for the us and french slbms and would probably by the main contractors ( if only because they are the only companies with any experience in large solid motors ) when either the us want 's to replace the minuteman or the french want to build an icbm . 
   both main stages are also way oversized , carrying them almost into orbit by itself not really 1/4 of ariane is it 's upper stage which is about normal for rockets and it burns twice as long as the core stage . 
  its supplies about 3000 m/s of dv ( ~ 4500 m/s for the core stage ) while for the shuttle the oms finished orbital insertion with maybe 150 m/s after burnout of the core . 
   the main difference is that one carries its payload on top and the other on its side the main difference is that it does n't carry the 100 t orbiter beside the payload :d, 
  and people that point out annexation of czechoslovakia forget that terrain was given czechoslovakia in 1920 by the western powers without a plebiscite even though majority was polish at a time poland was fighting the bolsheviks ( czechoslovakia even stopped weapon transports to poland going through their territory ) and could not oppose it . 
  the polish actions were of course pure dickishness , though not more then the previous czechoslovakian actions . 
  put higher prices on stuff sold by the pound , since it 's measured with vintage units . 
  try us military college lectures on you tube most of the ones i 've seen on the eastern front were really good and they debunk the common misconceptions on german and soviet way of war ( usually to the benefit of the soviets ) . 
  edit . 
  also they point out that western history prior to 1990 of the eastern front was based mostly on german sources and those were not only one sided but also blatantly wrong , the germans had shit military intelligence and did not know about the existence 1/3 to 1/2 of the soviet army . 
   because prior to dropping the bomb ussr and usa already had a plan to invade japan together yeah and they expected 500 k causalities on half of the wining side , not to mention they planned using the later produced 7-15 fat man bombs during that invasion . 
  there was never a question whether to firebomb japan , nuke them or invade , it was all of the above from the start with hope that they surrender before the invasion . 
  where can you get cardboard cutouts of donald, 
  where can you get cardboard cutouts of donald, 
   `` previsible '' do you not see the golden path laid out before humanity ? 
  so this was all a false flag operation by the cia , but who stands behind them ? 
  jedi mind tricks do n't work on jedi but they do work on weak minded . 
  they never lived in poland and do n't really know anything about it but they are poles ( at least the ones i 've seen there mostly spoke polish ) . 
  the polish diaspora in the us is very conservative even by polish standards after all . 
  there have been some polonia members from the states comming to / r/poland for some time though they did n't really get anything done, 
  corportations rulling everything check , lack of privacy unless you live of the grid check , rising stratification between people check, 
  i do n't think so . 
  the only things requiring referendum are the first and last chapters of the constitutions ( on the basis of the state and the requirement for that referendum respectively ) afaik . 
  do you think the drain of educated people that would have an easy time getting a work visa would not happen without free movement ? 
  free movement actually mean that western europe ca n't just pick the most valuable people wanting to work there they have to let in everybody . 
   they 've also sent a ton of their far-right as volunteers to donbass well that 's a win win for putin , they either fuck up ukraine or die trying both help him . 
   they ca n't enter libyan territorial waters . 
  but they can enter italian waters illegally without a problem . 
  i do n't think surviving collisions with much larger ships is something that was in the requirements . 
   and spacex literally survives only off of nasa handouts . 
  providing a service to nasa that nasa needs at a lower price then the competition is not a handout . 
   elite squad of welsh mercenaries . 
  organizing a rape squad would count as a war crime, 
  unless it 's discipline of emissions, 
  good good the inquisition always needs bright candidates . 
    americans may be real dumbfucks at times . 
  i thing you are reading too much into it , that phrase is not that negative as you portray . 
  it 's main point is to emphasize that the us have money and guns ( or in ops comment technical expertise and capital to make reliable military equipment ) since that 's their undeniable strength and not the multitude of other things you could describe them with . 
  it 's not like he used `` for all their faults '' . 
   i understand that poland has only left behind its past as a soviet colony , it 's not even that , the postcommunists ( sld ) where in all parliaments in free poland and even won 2 elections . 
  their problem is the their economic policy was very much center-right ( which is probably good since poland needed that for the first 15 years of capitalism ) thus they lost the left electorate that votes based only on economic principles . 
  while communism is tainted the welfare state and social policies actually have large support and always have , even during the fall of communism . 
  poles did n't really want capitalism because they liked it and valued free enterprise , they wanted it because clearly i worked better then socialism in polan . 
  that 's the reason of the success of pis they married the traditional values rhetoric with social programs and completely hijacked the working class vote . 
  only no there is a new party razem that is trying to recapture those people from the ground up . 
   there should be a representation for progressives , greens and the likes .
