  the fact that the bank is a front for the russians and the loan will never be repaid is hard to prove in court . 
  it 's not an essential skill for the individual but it is essential for the society to function . 
  well bummer . 
   yeltsin 2.0 a collapsing russia is only a little less dangerous then a how it is today . 
  we 'd rather russia got a jiang zemin . 
  a stable , rich and peaceful russia would be an occasion to trade , while this shit show of kleptocracy and deluding the exploited poor people with nationalistic fervor just makes everybody afraid . 
  but you will be late to the party , everybody will be anarching ( sic ! ), 
  full swing while you 're still calm . 
  there might not be anything left to destroy in the riots when you finally get to it . 
  you might even miss the whole thing . 
  yeah , three dinners , no sense counting the small meals . 
  should 've been clearer . 
  now you are only two meals away from revolution . 
  i hope you get some tomorrow . 
  the problem with pis is not that they are not obeying the law , many governments did that before in poland and elsewhere . 
  the problem is that they ignored constitutional tribunals verdicts after it was found they break the law . 
  that has not happened before . 
  and is much worse . 
  and after that half of poland was in russia together with ukraine , and after that again half of ukraine was in polish second republic . 
  poland and ukraine are totally in separate countries only since 1945 . 
  that being said relative cultural influence of moscow/stpetersburg and paris/berlin/vienna has always been different . 
   cultures are distinctly different also . 
  it 's closer then poland-uk or poland-france, 
   you say they have no room to retreat . 
  russia is quite large , they can go wherever they please in russia . 
  from a security standpoint even with ukraine friendly to them they are already exposed . 
  you wo n't convince them otherwise and you ignore their motivations at your own peril . 
   a large enough response , one talking about a military intervention , would possibly be enough to signal to russia to withdraw . 
  this whole event could end peacefully . 
  i do n't think they will withdraw with just threats . 
  eu and us both have internal pressure to not do it , so it 's an uphill battle to make the threats credible . 
  i think it still can end in peace , something along a trilateral deal that gives ukraine the economic benefits of both the eu association agreement and russian free trade agreement with clauses on neutrality . 
  the hard part now is getting everybody too believe that the agreement will be kept in the future . 
  i agree with everything up to this line :  russia would not risk a direct confrontation with the united states . 
  they would risk much more then eu or us is willing to risk since they have more to lose in ukraine . 
   a strong unwavering stance from the states and europe would make it clear there is no room to maneuver for the kremlin in these sort of situations . 
  what is as strong an unwavering stance ? 
  wagons of spike missiles , a battalion , a brigade , a full multinational division ? 
  kremlin already has not a lot of room to maneuver . 
  outside of donbas and lugansk there are not cities they could easily hold , they ca n't really retreat either . 
  they moved their efforts to even more propaganda , syria and now apparently to the balkans ( migs for serbia ) to open other avenues of chaos because of that lack of room . 
   this would n't start a nuclear war because the bear would be scared off , and it prefers a regular winter to a nuclear one . 
  also , it would be much better to trigger the reaction now and risk more violence rather than waiting for further conflicts as russia oversteps boundaries . 
  problem is , from the russian pov it was the eu overstepping boundaries . 
  they had their red line and acted on it . 
  that line just happens to go right across ukraine 's right to selfdetermination . 
  i believe if we want peace we need some new framework that better serves the needs of those involved ( ukraine 's prosperity and security , eu and russia 's security and economical influence ) because the ones tried is no really effective ( russian model did not serve ukrainians while the eu integration model threatens russians ) . 
  this also applies also to georgia , moldova and belarus . 
   it was n't obama 's job to counter that ? 
  well not in europe . 
  that 's our job . 
  in the us i would say it still was n't his job . 
  us has many institutions that were supposed to protect it from propaganda ( including the media , the parties , and ngos ) and the president is not even the leader of his party . 
  also this gets harder when you have ( significant ) domestic forces that work hand in hand with the propaganda . 
  what was he suppose to do target breitbart ` journalists ' ? 
   if obama led a stronger reaction against russia we would have peace in ukraine very debatable there was ( and still is ) not enough pressure that the us can put on russia to force them out of ukraine without triggering more violence . 
   he even went on to criticize mitt romney during the re-election as being too scared of russia and attempting to use it as his boogeyman . 
  he did what every winning us candidate since ghwb did , he run on domestic issues . 
  seems to be still working . 
  that 's not really productive , better teach yourself a good trade like carpentry or building dugouts . 
  those will be valuable after the nuclear war . 
  it 's not easy , but it is required to live in a prosperous country . 
  the struggle is real in most of the east weather it is with just corruption or naive jingoism that substitutes feeling strong with actually being strong usually , both at the same time . 
  it 's a really ingenious piece of technology , i was particularly impressed in how it used windows user directory paths as encryption keys to decrypt part of the payload so that it would only run on specific computers ( i assume they used some agents to get the list of users responsible for the target computers or did another hack somewhere else ) . 
  there where air gaps there , stuxnet was designed to attack thumb drives ( when it detected it was on the correct computer in the facility ) and move through those to the air gaped ones that controlled the centrifuges . 
  they should have better policy in regards to the thumb drives and their use , but you do need to have a way to bring some updates to the systems . 
  the only way to have a complete airgap is to have your whole development chain on a separate which is unfeasible . 
  no , i 've actually read in some old as fuck tips thread on some forum after my first run through suffered from lack of funds later in the game . 
  this clearly shows why in total war : rome you should start with conquering greece , all that sweet trade route money will fuel your warmachine . 
  wwell they as a company have perfected clickbait . 
  so this seems very inline with that, 
  what you are describing makes sense from the point of view of the individual , and precisely the individual already enjoying an unfair advantage in a regulated market . 
  but when deciding how to set up the economic system the goal is to maximize value produced , thus promote competition and drop barriers ( gradually of course ) . 
  all these gas masks are great news for electro goths . 
   abandoning the rocket shield and radars in poland , that system is useless to poland except as an american hostage that ensures their involvement in case of war . 
  the troops in the nato battalions i think do a much better job a that . 
  he switched from a deploying a system that still does n't work even during tests and is not looking like it is improving to one less capable but actually working ( sm-3 and upgrades ) that are supposed to be installed in poland next year and are already deployed in romania . 
  and when ukraine actually happened obama refused to send direct military aid or heavy weapons systems to the crumbling ukrainian army due to fears of `` escalating '' the conflict if the russians do the same , despite them doing precisely that from day one . 
  russia used exactly as little force as they needed to . 
  after they stopped aiming for take over of ukraine very early in 2014 they sent more forces when ukraine was starting to win , the rebels have been sating they do n't get enough support ( to win ) from russia all the time , they get just enough to not lose . 
  russia by geographic proximity can outescalate any us involvement short of direct us war with russian troops . 
   ojbectively speaking obama was a weakling in europe who broke deals with loyal us allies like poland to appease the kremlin and enabled the russians to start retaking their sphere of influence completely unopposed . 
  yet russia has less of a sphere of influence than it had in 2009 ( most of ukraine is out , syria is still contested , assad is in their sphere but are not really useful for anything ) . 
  they have gained a lot of influence in covert manner supporting many anti establishment movements in europe but it was n't really obama 's job to counter that . 
  profit potential is economic ineffectiveness . 
  all competition works to minimize it . 
  the price margin on export from poland to germany might have gone down , but the volume and quality exploded . 
  the profit potential in speculation of price margins is replaced by production of value is better for everybody involved ( unless you are some monopolist or cartel ) . 
  yeah and stashing it in your garage :d, 
  it 's much harder to protest existing lines . 
  why is this chart not sorted . 
   foreign chocolate cake . . 
  otherwise you would be dependent on imported cocoa . 
  you would be switching saudi oil kings for ivory coast cocoa princes . 
  fiuuuu, 
  that 's true on the other hand i would say that tweeting about already released documents in how they pertain to the candidates is also antithetical to their original methods . 
  it was supposed to be the journalists doing that while double checking and confirming . 
  a checked the records and they are about that ( highest i 've found was 350 which is 7 times the limit but i guess there could have been a place with 500 ) but even the record high in poland is less then half of skopie . 
  damn man and we 've had an ongoing `` emergency '' with it hitting 300s on bad days this winter in some cities int the south of poland . 
  i wish upon you some wind soon .
