  i would give the best government award to `` eu regulations '' , since every government since 93 ' was involved in implementing them they had much less chance to fuck up significantly . 
  this helped a lot with removing a lot of the common corruption and given some frameworks and good examples for laws . 
  well the part in poland is lakes and poor people . 
  as long as it 's separated from brandenburg . 
  all problems started when they joined together . 
  unless you happened to live in chechenya , nagorno-karabach , ossetia , abchazia , tajikistan and that 's just the wars . 
  baltics had some violence too , not mentioning the putsch attempt in moscow . 
   you find people who are already willing to do it , and then back them so they succeed . 
  problem is that usually they do n't succeed and by helping them when they would not have acted alone you are part of whatever happens to them later . 
  the fact that they volunteer does make a difference but does not make the decision clear cut . 
  that is a heavy burden that i do n't see a lot of people in europe willing to take on themselves . 
   we need something we ca n't buy with money , or force with guns : genuine belief and alliance . 
  every intelligence agency prefers agents doing it for the idea :d .  as a civilization , we have left such people to their fate . 
  in ukraine , in turkey , in egypt . 
  simply because we are either unable or unwilling to play the game . 
  we are both . 
  also more vigorous actions will most likely be seen by the regimes and anti-liberal groups there as acts of war . 
  and quite correctly . 
  after all it is meant to destroy their current state . 
  i believe we do need a strategy for the ideological struggle that comes . 
  i also have a sad suspicion that there is not a clear majority that would stand in some unified front to pursue one . 
   liberal and idealistic does n't automatically mean gormless and squeamish i think more in categories `` are your utilitarian enough to sacrifice other people for the greater good '' . 
  and if the answer is yes then why not do it for a benevolent dictatorship since you already compromised on freedom of other people from the start . 
   the weekend protestors and middle class slacktivists that define modern liberalism are a shadow on the wall , compared to the candles that held the fire . 
  truth be told the injustices present today in europe in most places are a far cry from the ancient regime , even the worst places are better . 
  they might turn for the worse and then we will probably see a return of freedom fighters but we are not there yet . 
  never said it was a mistake , just not something easy , and you need to convince other people you need to do it . 
  not mentioning that potential agents having liberal democratic ideals and the talent ( and will ) for turning people in other countries into assets is not a common combination . 
  well part of that is already done through grants for groups promoting transparency , democracy etc. 
  why do you think all the autocrats have a hard on for closing ngo 's . 
  for a more active version of this to make sense you need to offer a lot of help to those people , and by doing that you basically made all the conspiracy idiots theories come true . 
  that 's a big step to take . 
  how can you tell these are good spots ? 
  warfare is as strong word , but you ca n't deny to being a consumer of amarican media a thus having your worldview inadvertently influenced by it . 
  it 's what russia uses on the russian speaking populations in the baltics , belarus and ukraine , they see the world shaped by the views of russian media . 
  it 's what the west was doing during all of the cold war with radio free europe and now with radio liberty . 
  neither unfortunately leads to healthy critical thinking since it 's a skill very hard to develop without ( or even with ) support from the education system and your surroundings . 
  distrusting everything is different from skepticism and critical thinking . 
  basically if everything is equally wrong people tend to believe the last thing they heard . 
   in the form of a far more generous loan to yanukovych i guess people in ukraine did n't expect to see any of it that . 
  russia did n't offer prosperity to them , it bribed their kleptocrat . 
   it was naive to expect that russia would be fine with risking to lose its main military base to an enemy alliance . 
  i do n't expect ukraine being fine with being kept poor by what russia expects . 
   the west threatened to move its military alliance all the way to russia 's border , ukraine expressed a willingness to talk about joining nato . 
  instead of offering better protection for ukraine and better economic terms russia responded with violence . 
  russia is a shit partner for countries unless you are a dictator trying to stay in power against your population or armenia ( god know why they get the lucky straw but nagorno karabah is a rare example of russian positive influence on it 's neighbors that stopped bloodshed instead of increasing it ) . 
  no wonder almost every russian ally tries to get out as fast as they can . 
  personally i think that nato should not have lead ukraine on and developed another way to work with them that included also cooperation with russia for the benefit of ukraine . 
  but neither side cared so we ended up with crime . 
   third hand smoking . 
  what 's that ? 
   by killing them all . 
  i thought they where doing it themselves, 
  you ca n't compare a whole continent divide by 2 mountain ranges with countries whose borders evolved through history to be wholly contained by natural barriers . 
  europe as a whole is also multipolar . 
  look a this map , the us population is also concentrated in a few highly urbanized areas . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:mapofemergingusmegaregions.png just that they are bigger and more integrated between state lines , something only possible in europe recently ( yet they are examples like basically the whole benelux and now kopenhagen-malmo ) the rest of the country is comparatively sparsely populated with state capitals running under 100k . 
  you have to correct for distance to serves, 
  i 've heard the art direction was worse in md , i 've yet to play ( though it is on my list ) . 
  so it 's not the map that 's old it 's you :d, 
  it does have separate signals ( multiple ones actually some encrypted some not ) , it just does n't have the the ability to turn off the open ones anymore in new satellites like they did before . 
   maybe europeans really are infallible and so enlightened they never commit crimes . 
  i do n't think that anybody would argue they do n't deserved to be detained ( and judged ) . 
  just that they deserve the same legal process any other legal resident in the uk has instead of some semi criminal administrative procedure . 
  i do n't really care and did n't read the article i just saw a opening for a joke :d, 
  think of all the east european weeaboos going there . 
  well to be hones de : hr had one of greatest art directions in the architecture and fashion departments in the last few years . 
  though i think they inspired themselves with current ( futuristic ) architecture not the other way around . 
  she started implementing all the distopian sf she can get hold of . 
  last time it was the 1984 with the snoopers charter and inbuilt censorship in the internet . 
  now she preparing to implement children of men . 
  what will be next a wall that cuts off scotland ala doomsday ? 
  a elevator to australia from total recall ( the new one , blegh ) ? 
  maybe a byzantine bureaucracy from brazil ( or is that one already true :d ) ? 
  truth be told nobody expects sensible from pakistan while we expect better from the us and from israel . 
  it 's the opposite coin to the racism of low expectations . 
  like 5 flags ( plus some of their dependent territories ) out ~ 40 , might find a few more if you look with a magnifying glass at the ones with coats of arms in them . 
  maybe chineese top models have a usasian faces, 
  we 're well on our way to implementing the pervasive memes and soma so might as well get the rest . 
   and our navy has a boat !, 
  where is the boat stationed ? 
  thanks , she looked better in miniature :d, 
  plays ? 
  she has her own . 
  upvote just for member shtates :d, 
  jesus is king and mary is queen that 's a different branch :d, 
  jep bulgaria , czechia and ukraine need to say who they where googling, 
  we have three :d, 
  i would say once all your viable political opponents end up in jail or dead that that you qualify for dictator . 
  the fascist part might be too much , it seemed about 5 years ago that he was embracing it but it look like he just used the fascist and neonazis as cannon fodder and put the rest in jail . 
   his not really a dictator as he has the support of a large majority of the population those things are not mutually exclusive . 
  all of those are so bad that every eurosceptic should think twice because you can negotiate with brussels but the brain cancers caused once these hit mainstream media will be inoperable . 
  they have an authoritarian oligarchy which is safer to live in ( comparatively to the 90 's ) and higher qol then in the 1990 's . 
  i 've seen a quote about taking `` parts of it '' which is not exactly surprising since a lot of it was based on or heavily influenced by the uk but the problem is reviewing the body of laws ( i 've seen estimates it will take the civil service 5-10 years to do that ) . 
  but the quote about leaving whether a deal is struck or not might point to a `` fuck it , we 're doing it live '' solution to that problem . 
  russia had a go at liberalism and and it ended up with a criminal oligarchy and great decline in qol . 
  they are afraid to try it again . 
  only if you take the bulk of eu regulations into uk law wholesale and start removing them one by one over the years . 
  lawyers will make good living with unclear laws or ones referencing eu institutions for years . 
  slavic po\u0142abia best po\u0142abia , return rightful slavic clay , remove filthy teutons back to the other side of the \u0141aba .
