  the problem with that idea is that most of un members are not good countries that value the rule of law . 
  tinpot dictators will outvote you half of the time for some nice bribes . 
  another problem is that no powerful country will put their staff up to the whims of that commission . 
   that justice is serviced that is not a goal of the diplomatic conventions . 
  the goal is to allow diplomatic relations between countries to happen with little friction is more valuable to everybody then justice in personal cases . 
  and it 's not a reason to scrap the immunity convention . 
  it is a reason to punish the countries that do n't persecute their own diplomat 's for outright crimes . 
  most of the time it is just assholes deserving a ticket . 
  this time it also was an reckless asshole that did his asshollery and got someone killed . 
   i never said that we should at all cut diplomatic ties nor send unprotected people there . 
  do you have a proposition how to get them to respect immunity when we would n't ? 
  assuming the us or eu could actually enforce one sided immunity directly what about all the small countries that need to deal with their corrupt neighbors ? 
   but also to certify that you do not get a chance to literally get away with murder drumming up murder charges by a corrupt regime is only marginally more difficult then drumming up simpler charges . 
  beside this was not murder , do n't misrepresent it . 
  the rules were set up so there will be no negotiation with every tin pot dictator and no going back on any of the promises . 
  otherwise there would be a diplomatic incident each day . 
  because they still there , they still have resources , they still have interests and they still have influences you ignore them at you peril . 
  also when you cut diplomatic ties you your influence on them . 
   but i do not see why we can not avoid giving a free pass to their diplomats . 
  would you send a diplomat with a family to sa without diplomatic immunity ? 
  if so you are one heartless bastard . 
  because immunity is there to protect civilized diplomats from dictators , despots and all around barbarians that we still have to deal with in their country . 
  the fact that you know the law does not mean that corrupt or malicious police and judiciary wo n't harass you . 
  unfortunately the reciprocity means that we have to tolerate some assholes . 
  even if he was a benevolent dictator ( which i do n't believe ) , he would n't do that because he would estrange all of his power base and be out in a week . 
  it 's not really an issue . 
  at least was n't till now a sense a propaganda push that way . 
  might have start using asallam malleykum, 
  how do they identify ? 
  right , but they all are a minority in greece and they all are refereed just as muslim in the treaties , thus the greek muslims . 
  notice i did n't use muslim greeks which would imply greeks that are muslim . 
   i read something interesting about putin , that he is a brilliant tactician but terrible strategist . 
  or he has been dealt a shitty hand a does what he can . 
  without reform russia will continue to decline and reform will loose him his power base . 
  he ca n't get around that really since the reform would hit the personal interests of to many people in russia . 
  you know it 's serious if the scale hits violet on both sides, 
   but `` the lausanne treaty makes no mention of sharia or muftis '' , says sali 's lawyer , yannis ktistakis . 
  `` it was the greek state which put that interpretation on the agreement . 
  in 1923 , turkish society under the leadership of kemal ataturk was very progressive and secular . 
  the greek government was conservative and profoundly orthodox . 
  so it assumed that the best way of reducing progressive influence on the turkish-speaking community in thrace would be to extend the powers of sharia law . '' yannis ktistakis lawyer of the wife cited by the guardian here is a greek science article that cites the treaty that says the same thing ( maybe without the conservative greek part , but it remains true that only greece has an official religion and religious courts of the two parties to the treaty ) [ article ] ( https://www.academia.edu/4499307/_a_surviving_treaty_the_lausanne_minority_protection_in_greece_and_turkey_kristin_henrard_ed._the_interrelation_between_the_right_to_identity_of_minorities_and_their_socio-economic_participation_martinus_nijhoff_leiden_boston_2013_pp._287-313 ) annex a for the text of the treaty article 42 also for / u/frank _ cat, 
  if the referendum was guarded by armed romanian soldiers and the only international observers allowed where directly payed of by the romanian government then yes . 
  read the linked guardian article . 
  nobody is foreign here . 
  the turks in question were living there for hundred of years . 
  the law requiring sharia is a greek law though out by conservative greeks to fight attaturks secular influence on the greek muslim minority after ww1 . 
  they probably could have just allowed for sharia arbitration instead of making it the only available option . 
  it 's still a stupid law and should be overturned but the ones responsible for it are the greeks . 
  well they are not getting a single market are they . 
  you can have free trade but you ca n't have a single market . 
  why would there be freedom of trade , services and finance without the freedom of workers ? 
  i would mean only some ( rich ) actors in the market get freedom . 
   additionally a lot of commercial used buildings have such here . 
  yeah commercial buildings ( well any public ones ) are something else and fire alarms and suppression is required there . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a majority looks like only germany , austria , benelux and finland would oppose but there is no mechanism for voting . 
  a fire alarm not connected to some central system would not really help . 
  must be only in germany , only place i 've seen fire alarms in poland are hotels and dormitories , and sometimes i think the main reason is to enforce smoking bans . 
  not taking muslims is the only thing v4 is able to agree on . 
  well that explains why elon set up the boring company . 
  well the only thing space related the uk done there was manage to get a borrowed shuttle stolen, 
  now they need to fully fund skylon and send them to space . 
  would breaking the only democratic secular country that came out of the arab spring help in any way ? 
   people wanting the balkan and med route closed were also called callous and cruel here , for years , people are called cruel for the way they want to close the route ( throwing them on the shore of a failed state , letting them drown , etc. 
  ) , only the real extremists consider just closing cruel . 
  well they put him in a metal coffin , i assume it 's to lock him inside till he is needed . 
  so 2030s ? 
  put them at a 120 km orbit , those have a life spans of a few years , add a balloon for drag and it could be months . 
  not really , putting them in space saves tons of energy over their expected lifespans because once they reach orbit they are carbon neutral . 
  this is assuming a low earth orbit since it 's just as effective and cheaper then actual deep space . 
  supposed to be a a compound name , i propose greater macedonia . 
  yes . 
  it was the first ship built in poland after ww2 . 
  now it 's part of the naval museum . 
  when italy comes out of it 's slump, 
   i 'm not sure why neither am i , you were just of on the timeline, 
  and the sweet euros , also if you have a small but disciplined electorate then it 's easier to get into the ep then to national parliaments since less people vote in the elections . 
  most of polish immigration to the states happened in the xix c. after 2 failed uprisings and later just as a reaction to the poor economic conditions in the austro-hungarian and russian partitions . 
  if they used google address search for latitudes ( i would ) that 's what they would get , best result middle of greenland . 
  they both are facebook now just 2 different brands for subsets of the functionality . 
   seems like they do n't have an aging population we do , and there might not be enough ukrainians to plug the gap . 
   do you not know , my son , with how little wisdom the world is governed ? ''  -- axel oxenstierna to his son who was fearful about how he will meet with the most powerful people in europe and be outclassed at the treaty of westphalia negotiations . 
  half of that album is good stuff the other half is the architectural version of ` reeeeeeeeeeeeeee ' . 
  that 18 after looks like half of the modernist architecture from gdynia in the 20 's btw . 
  i 'm all for replacing bad architecture with better one but before you 've been giving mostly examples with bad and older being replaced by bad just newer with no real change in quality . 
  the negotiations will end with signing a new treaty probably ( except for the no deal option ) it might as well be one where the uk rejoins the union . 
  the main point is the previous buildings where also shitty looking , unless you think office ( or living ) buildings built as castles in the xix c. are tasteful ( might as well go to a us renaissance fair for some historical authenticity . 
  agree, 
  seven is the opera house in la plata , argentina , and judging by the state of the museum and university from the same time it probably was falling down when it was replaced . 
  not mentioning that the original was middle of xix c. not exactly historical . 
  most of those neoghothic abominations that were replaced are just as shitty a the new buildings but with worse internal spaces , plumbing and safety standards . 
  yeah but a lot of new construction only is interested in pushing as many buildings on the plot as possible and still legal . 
  any recreational or social function of the space is secondary . 
   60 + old grumpy fart , nice ageism there, 
   even i was referred to as ` spanish ' a lot , but that 's another story ... well i would reply by calling them usasians . 
  are n't they moldavian . 
  but a few people where sentenced and more where prosecuted . 
  arrest is not a punishment it 's just a means to bring someone to court ( or separate them from society to prevent immediate crime ) . 
  edit prosecuted no persecuted . 
  how did shia iran support the sunni uprising in iraq ? 
  the only thing that iran did to help isis was support the iraqi government in it 's policies that disenfranchised the sunnis,
