  great choice he proved that he is willing to put himself in tight quarters, 
  heh estonia did both it first declared sovereignty in 88 and later independence as a continuation from before ww2 in 91 , sneaky estonians trying to confuse me . 
  the french police , the french prosecutor , the french judges , the ep committee , the whole european parliament that will vote on it later ( this is not even a done deal ) are they all in some conspiracy ? 
  who are they ? 
  actually russia is the sole legal a successor to the soviet union acording to the international law . 
  4th paragraph from your link https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_union#dissolution it 's a bit more complicated since it 's between 2 members of su that both signed the dissolution of su , it was any other outside state they could just treat him as russian . 
  latvia and lithuania did n't secede from the su instead they reaffirmed their independence based on their 1920 's legal status so they should not be on the list . 
  any frenchmen can give the details on why ( and since when ) this law is on the books ? 
  who else is supposed to vote for lifting parliamentary immunity ? 
   immunity has been included in eu law since 1965 . 
  the relevant provisions read as follows : `` members of the parliament shall not be subject to any form of inquiry , detention or legal proceedings in respect of opinions expressed or votes cast by them in the performance of their duties '' . 
  is it her protected view that defraudation is legal ? 
  the point is that cevapi should be served with fresh onions , the czech one the meat looks a bit shit but is served ( mostly ) properly which does n't happen in other places like in bulgria or romania ( you guys need to apologize for myci ) . 
  well at least they serve it with fresh onions, 
  well ss had black uniforms since they already had the means to get what they liked by then . 
  the brown shirts are the sa uniforms from when they still used the surplus army uniforms . 
  though i think that hitler and other `` civilian '' nazis wore brown to the end and that 's usually also shown in movies ( at least that i remember ) . 
  in poland we use `` brunatny '' which is dark brown not `` br\u0105zowy '' which is brown ( heh it 's even in the wikitionary https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/brunatny with thefascists connotation ), 
  i support your notion of using the irish chieftain in english . 
  they look a bit like some of the monster that got with kolednicy . 
  because those where weird ways to spell gdanzc and cholberg, 
   our difference will become easier to digest ( pussy riot will be the least of westerners worries , is my point ) . 
  the conservative bent of russia 's is not really that much of problem it 's the authoritarian part that makes it hard . 
  that does not really seam likely to change . 
   and if there is no aggression from the other side , the reality will probably just be a tense stalemate over the coming years . 
  the main problem is what is considered to be aggression from the other side . 
  the problem is that russia while it 's having internal problems has little to offer it 's neighbors ( bribes for their friendship ) leaving mainly threat force . 
  will belarus making a deal with latvia and ukraine to transport iran oil be considered an aggression ? 
  will a eu partnership offer to belarus if their relations with russia further deteriorate ? 
  it 's really thin ice . 
  i agree that the migration crisis in africa caused by climate change will be the hardest test before europe in the next 50 years . 
  pringles cans are great to put tennis balls in . 
  so do we , we call it kaszanka, 
  would n't nuking a country not engaged in warfare with you be a war crime ? 
  why are german and italian colonies not in the legend even though they are on the map, 
   i bet you russia will not annex these countries as a pure land-grabbing opportunity within our lifetime . 
  well that 's conveniently specific :d . i would agree since a land grab and occupation would be untenable , i would predict some power play or just destabilization instead . 
   they are doing about as well as one could realistically hope . 
  they are , i just do n't think that 's enough . 
   positive net migration ( at least half of which is slavic ) positive net migration yes but beside ukraine it sure looks like it 's mostly central asia . 
  you have any newer data ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_russia http://www.gks.ru/bgd/free/b13_00/isswww.exe/stg/dk07/8-0.htm there probably was a spike in ukraine migration in 2014-2015 from donbas and lugansk but i assume every ukrainian that wanted to come to russia already did by now and the rest are mostly unfriendly , that 's why now they come to poland . 
  this would mean that almost all of the migration to russia is now muslim ( and even in the data from 2013 looks like about 90k muslims each year , that 's more then the migrant crisis in europe in 2016 per capita and all in legal immigrants ) . 
   most of europe faces the same issue in that respect , poland included . 
  if you are willing to fight for a german army , we can be sure that you are not a pis supporter , but i would at least congratulate them for 500 + . 
  i believe the answer is automation and as far as i know czechia is expecting to go that route . 
  we so far only got probably the least effective way of supporting childbearing possible . 
  the 500 + money would be much better used for nurseries and kindergartens . 
   i did n't say it was a muslim attack & nbsp ;  the polish people will be so happy that , in your opinion , this was n't a muslim terror attack : well it sure looked like it , beside neither of those was any kind of terror attack , one was a supervillain scheme to get money and the other a political assassination attempt ( though if someone classifies guy fawkes as terrorist brunon k. would also fit , i personally do n't ) . 
  this is exactly the thinking that makes shitholes shitholes . 
  well i know that at least in the us it is illegal to give a bribe in a foreign country but i think they have their hands full with prosecuting companies giving bribes to african warlords and cases involving a lot of dead people . 
  romanian corruption looks tame comparatively . 
   this was n't a muslim terror attack what makes you say it was ? 
  it was a guy trying to get ransom ( 30 bars of gold ) his name was pawe\u0142 r. ( last name redacted since the trail is ongoing ) but he is as polish as can be . 
  are you just painfully under-informed or are you lying deliberately ? 
  russian willingness to gamble on taking eastern poland ( or rather estonia since it 's in a more vulnerable position ) was not really the question was it ? 
  but might as well address it . 
   especially as they are working hard on repairing the demographic situation i think that ship has sailed and that they will lose even the potential capability to wage that war in the next 10-15 year ( both economically since they did n't reform enough when oil was expensive and demographically ) . 
  if they come to the same conclusion they might do something stupid ( just like germany did in ww1 because they where expecting the war either way and calculated that they would have lost for sure if it happened in 1920s after russia finished it 's industrialization ) . 
  i think they do n't want to march on warsaw but i could see them thinking they have no choice . 
  they have the capability to attack now and the prudent thing is making sure that attack would be costly enough so they wo n't . 
  but my point is that as long as germany is committed to the current order there is no problem with fighting together with or under the germans since we are allies and fight for our common interests . 
  the fact that germany has to be dragged into any military endeavor just means this makes even more sense since there is little risk of german foreign adventurism that is not in the framework of eu defense . 
  in the current security climate the only way to fight for germany is on eu 's eastern and southern borders i 'm a hundred percent for that . 
  the current security order is beneficial to poland and having a german army including other europeans would help to cement that . 
  a lot of that comes from the fact that they import their feudal power structures when they form their own army . 
  one refugee per unit could not do it so he would have to adopt the existing one . 
  because we are allies and are supposed to defend the same things , nato and eu . 
  germany is apparently slowly getting to the point they want to pay for the army might as well allow friends to provide the people . 
  do n't worry everybody knows you 're gits, 
  ok that sounds interesting , and not actually weird at all but quite ingenious . 
  unfortunately it probably wo n't be enough since the vast majority of sources in poland are not even 100 c. 
   steam turbines require a large difference in temperature between the inlet and the outlet all heat engines gain efficiency along with temperature difference  ( read about the carnot cycle ) that wo n't really help with steam turbines which are described by the rankine cycle  some weird thermodynamics that most engineers and physicists do n't understand i 'd like some sources along with claims of breaking laws of thermodynamics . 
   i do n't care because that 's completely missing the point . 
  or maybe you do n't want to listen because you know that statistic comes out on top even if you count victims of hiroshima and nagasaki, 
  i 've only heard about geothermal plants used for heating . 
  while it would help , most of consumption of energy goes for electricity and industry and even iceland does use only a little geothermal for that and they have a much better situation ( poland is one of least active geologically parts of europe ) . 
   as head of the polish geothermal association he has been advising people interested in investing in geothermal , among others an ambitious project in torun . 
  that ambitious project in torun is outright theft of public and eu funds done for the benefit of our most notorious church criminal father tadeusz rydzyk ( think catholic televangelist ) . 
  he is used by the currency government to rally up their power base and thus gets rewarded with a lot of public money ( for his universities , tv station radio etc. ) . 
  the article in english omits parts that the original had , like that the main proponent is connected politically to the current government and not actually a geologist or the much larger opponent segment that goes on more about the poor prospects of geothermal and how this is a politically motivated pork barrel project meant to fund people friendly people to the government . 
  it also mentioned how all the money could be put to better use to install heatpump systems that would make current heating installations more efficient . 
  those are almost guaranteed to work and be economically viable and are installed by private people already . 
  i 'd think we do n't need cheaper but everything else is currently significantly more expensive in poland due to lack of natural conditions ( little wind , sun or mountains for hydro ), 
  i have one more question . 
  when writing in caps do you just have to know where to stress it ( like you have to know where to put the mark when writing ) or is it more `` i 'm screaming so the accent is on everything '' :d . 
  thanks, 
  great thanks that answers all i wanted to know . 
  ok now i 'm interested what is the input method for them , like diacritics in polish ( alt + s = \u015b ) or are they a second character that gets merged like in arabic . 
  well i would say it 's because the greeks in greece all united even though they where different nations before and the greeks elsewhere where first part of roman empire , then the ottoman empire and the ones that were left ( and still calling themselves greek ) after all that came to greece in the aftermath of ww1 . 
   we never had anything like that . 
  history left us somewhat detached and alone . 
  except of having every nation around tracing influence in a straight line to ancient greece and hellenism ( either twice over through rome and christianity or once over through christianity and islam ) . 
  you have to go to sub saharan africa and india to get out of that sphere of influence . 
   punctuate our letters any longer could you describe what that means ? 
  do greek lowercase letters require multiple keystrokes ? 
  herzegovinian looks like it 's the only toponym not used yet . 
  using the all of the tools available to you including intimidation to get your way is neither of these . 
  for me the first definition you cited here fits the bill perfectly . 
  there is a whole gamut of international relations between what falls in the second definition ( sensitive and tactful that you seam to require ) and war , what would you propose to call that ?
