   but you want revenge if the russians do not become your lapdogs i think they suffered enough at their own hands there is no need to punish them , neither i am ( nor want to be ) in a position to punish them . 
  though there probably some that that think like you said though they are significant minority . 
  i just do n't wont them to spread another totalitarian state to their neighbors and make them their lapdogs , i would prefer it to be because they stopped believing in authoritarian methods of government . 
  what ? 
  are you suggesting the ( western ) allies should have fought the ussr to free russians from their own oppression ? 
  is the ussr is somehow western fault ? 
   and if you guys all have your own way , russia in its entirety will cease to exist , if we have our way russia will become a friendly democratic prosperous country and we trade with each other and live our rich lives in peace . 
   you know the russians themselves got totally fucked . 
  yeah they did , by other russians . 
  that would be the 1700s with the east and west indian companies, 
  you mean like the other warsaw pact states without resources that ceased to exist ? 
  los angeles ( in november 2019 as predicted by ridley scott in blade runner ), 
   hell , it always seemed as if other slavs are much better at understanding polish than the other way around . 
  i had the opposite experience with south slavs when i could recognize words as archaic slavic forms or barely changed forms and they could not connect the polish version with theirs . 
  the real reason is usually people use eurostat as a source because they are lazy  if you do n't believe how influential map projection and chosen range could be , look at this map the enemy gate is down ? 
  direct oposite of http://www.geek.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/br_03.jpg, 
   everything i think you overestimate what will be available for basic income . 
   if you love your germany , why not let germany annex poland i do n't love germany , but germany is not the enemy and by sheer geography will be our largest business partner for the forcible future . 
  fighting them just to spite them without gaining anything is stupid . 
  there are a lot of economic inequalities and poland needs to generate domestic investment capital to become truly successful . 
  but so far i only see fighting with imaginary enemies , saying everybody is traitor and behind that a cleptocratic government that trying to insert itself into every part of life . 
   abusing it and adding more judges to cock block the opposition when it will be in power is also breaking the constitution , remind me how did the ct react to that ? 
   bout constitution anyway my god yeah apparently it 's about fighting the german order standing tall and generating butt-hurt in all political opponents . 
  great plan for future of poland , belarus + . 
   po was breaking the constitution all the time they tried to do it a few times and each time they where stopped by the ct.  believe me , nobody cares about constitution that is broken and needs to be rewrited great argument for breaking the law . 
  the point is whether anybody really cared in japan ? 
  i think it 's less embarrassing than braking the constitution . 
  sweden saves the day . 
  you know this joke : stalin hit a kid without any reason and everybody was praising him for being so merciful because he could 've killed him . 
   pro german yeah they promoted relations with our closest and biggest economic partner , what fucking idiots . 
   without all the protests beacuse pis is n't funding them you do n't remember protest before the presidential palace , the protests on the 13 dec , the protests in front tusk 's home is sopot ( he even did n't live there ) . 
  pis joining any protest against the government whether it was farmers shipyard workers or miners . 
  you have some large gaps in your in your memory from the last 8 years . 
   with a president that passes on everything that his party give under his nose vetoed 4 laws and sent 9 to the constitutionality tribunal to be checked . 
  call me when our current president does at lest one of those things . 
   that embarasses us all , you literally nobody cared in the world , give me some foreign sources talking about it . 
   something that never happened before just like buzek fled to be the president for eu parliament how the other eu leaders where leader in their own countries before . 
  people are downvoting you because you repeat lies . 
   17 it 's not wrong , it 's just a stable monotonic time like tai ( from which it differs by a constant 10 s since that was the utc-tai difference when gps was set up ) . 
  it differs from utc a variable number of seconds because utc is matched to earths rotation with leap seconds since the earth rotates at variable speeds ( one will be added this dec 31 again so this year will be 1s longer and the difference will rise to 18s ) . 
   interestingly though is that yhe time that is important is the one between the devices , not the time itself . 
  that is the accuracy of navigation , so it does work with the wrong time , as long as there arent any differences between the own times . 
  well you could keep a completely wrong time , but it would still need to have a constant offset from the correct time , so showing the one you are interested in only needs a simple addition . 
  what is the proper emotional reaction to people willingly and unapologeticly doing evil . 
   he gps time isnt that accurate gps literally does not work without accurate time . 
  they do correct the time but not to one second but to within one microsecond by design ( actual goal right now is about 25 ns ) where did you get that info . 
  great , i wish everything good to them and hope we can help them both with security and economy . 
  if we let a rare successful democratic revolution in the islamic world ( and a friendly one too ) fall right on our own doorstep then maybe we do n't have any future . 
  but he 's so good at it . 
  he 's a slimeball but i ca n't take from him wit and diplomatic acumen . 
  well they are on a loosing streak and that does not seem likely to change soon . 
   a young democracy , you know how strange it feels each time i remind myself that the ( current ) democracy in poland is only 10 years younger then then the one in spain and 15 then the one in portugal . 
  the authority is enforced not by an iron fist but by multiple silk gloves . 
  i think they 're right the freedom of assembly was really something that hit a nerve and will cause fights with the police if they try to enforce it again . 
  i 'm more afraid with a death by a thousand cuts that will end in 3 years with everything opposing the government technically legal but very hard to actually to actually do . 
  the gottkanzler is already inspiring people . 
  do n't break on the way an pass through all the bridges . 
   wages were all so good never said they were/are good just that they grew the fastest in europe , i also often wish that tusk had a magic wand with which he would solve all our economic problems . 
  unfortunately you ca n't really overtake 60 years of economic backwardness in 25 year . 
  if you are not satisfied fastest growth in europe i think you might be disappointed not only in the next few years but through the rest of your life since you have quite high standards . 
   secondly , at its peak the greatest exodus of polish workers occurred during po 's time in office . 
  according to gus peek emigration happened in 2007 when pis was still ruling ( and before the global recession ) . 
  http://stat.gov.pl/cps/rde/xbcr/gus/l_szacunek_emigracji_z_polski_lata_2004-2012_xi_2012.pdf or if you count deregistering ( permanently leaving ) from poland in 2006 and 2007 http://stat.gov.pl/en/topics/population/internationa-migration/main-directions-of-emigration-and-immigration-in-the-years-1966-2014-migration-for-permanent-residence,2,2.html emigration remained relatively stable since pis came to power in 2006 with most of happening in 2003-2006 just after joining of the european union . 
  after that people might change but the number of people that have emigrated stayed the same . 
  they kept it for later . 
  annoying leftists is not a constructive form of governing . 
   10 nuclear icbm 's , no it can engage one slbm , both trident ( uk and us ) and the m51 ( french ) carry up to 10 warheads each . 
  highest real wage growth in europe ^ 1 , good eu funds realization , high growth overall and in the top of europe , building good relations with neighbors . 
  and each time they they got caught with trying reduce citizens freedom they yielded and did n't talk about it again instead of pushing it through . 
  [ 1 ] https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4wpqog/real_wage_growth_europe_20072015/ source is in the comments . 
  how did they handle it as opposed to the other project that was voted beside it also proposed by the citizens ? 
  most of the stupid laws are projects of members of parliament and not the government so they do n't need to pass public consultations before , it does not absolve the government from responsibility when they vote for it . 
   we 're talking about romania . 
  and post-communist cronyist party won there . 
  the fact that you consider them left wing and `` thinking of the people '' is astounding . 
  you highlighted a lot of problems that affect romania beside the obvious need for economic growth . 
  and your are right . 
  ciolos and his policies ( or general right wing austerity policies ) might not be a solution for them . 
  but neither are the crooks that won now . 
  it 's not even their policies that are the problem since they wo n't realize them ( what would they promise next time ? 
  ) , it 's they will return to the pattern of corruption that they practiced for 20 years that kept everybody ( except the ruling party ) in romania poor . 
  post-communist cronyism is not the same as being left wing . 
  you might as well call ukrainian oligarchs left wing . 
  thanks , this is some real luddite crazy . 
  i can understand the nuclear angle ( stupid but understandable ) but this is next level . 
  i apparently got most of the same out of google translate but just could n't believe it . 
  how did the legality of hallucinogens look in frg look in the 80s ? 
  populists do n't deliver , because they ca n't ( at least not for long ) that is the problem with voting for them . 
  believing impossible things ( repeatably ) is no exactly a sign of rational thought . 
  fool me once ... 
  i think you mean leto ii, 
  any tl ; dr my german is poor and google translate gives me strange things . 
  did they really wan to stop the digitization of telecommunication technology and promote development of alternative communication tools . 
  what does that even mean . 
  the bombs can not be really used a retaliatory strike like a icbm or a slbm could , good luck getting that tornado or f16 beyond the vistula in range of russian sams . 
  their max yield is also low for a non mirv weapon . 
  a theater weapon ? 
  i do n't really question your anecdote . 
  though i 'm a bit surprised by the us trust . 
  shit so sad , i was hoping for some high energy youth social uprising to keep ciolos in power especially after hearing of the protests after the club fire .
