does this count people in the uk ? 
  that would mess the statistic up . 
  i know a lot of young people emigrate but ( at least a lot i know ) come back after a few years, 
  i do n't thinks so . 
  hes said for years in interviews and stuff that his children have dual citizenship, 
  there are recent polls that say its popular but you have to wonder what question was asked . 
  if they said we 're going to double vat so that we can prop up ni theres no chance most people would vote for it, 
  it was n't really a strike . 
  it was mostly college students that took the day off college, 
   freedom of speech gives you the right to say what you wish but does n't shield you from the consequences that makes literally no sense . 
  freedom of speech is supposed to allow you say things without facing government prosecution . 
  its not free speech if a consequence of saying certain things gets you thrown in jail . 
  you know a `` no go zone '' usually refers to lack of ability to patrol the area not an area where nobody from x group can go . 
  i used to live in a quite rough area but i never thought it was that bad until i moved out of there . 
  you just hear of muggings , vandalism , general anti social behaviour as if its the norm . 
  its only when you leave you realise oh shit that place was n't very nice, 
  i never said ireland was perfect anywhere in my post, 
  mostly english speaking countries though . 
  must n't be that great because they all leave and come here, 
  its abuses that highly respected reputation for the last few years, 
  the guardian has some outrageous columnists though, 
  tolerance , progress and rights are n't values , they 're buzzwords, 
  no only germany . 
  like its always been, 
   berlins message you mean the message of university students with to much free time ? 
  ireland imports the majority of its goods from the uk , the uk is irelands largest importer , theres 500000 irish people living in the uk and 100000 brits living in the uk . 
  we 're quite close as far as countries go, 
  they dont hide the fact they want a federal union . 
  no economic union has a flag and national anthem, 
  yes there are european terrorists such as the ira but guess what ? 
  the ira did n't have a presence anywhere where there was no irish people . 
  likewise islamic terrorism only happens where theres muslims the fact is any country with a sizeable muslim population will increase the risk of islamic terrorism . 
  its just a fact . 
  you ca n't admit that because you 're too stupid to see past the #notallmuslims bullshit . 
  how can you be this stupid ? 
  poland was involved in the iraq war and france was n't . 
  france pisses off muslims more by demanding secularism , poland could demand secularism and no muslims would be pissed off because they have none . 
  if you ca n't see the link between having a muslim population and facing terrorist threats you 're pretty deluded . 
  you have a pretty shit view of your fellow europeans if you think the only thing stopping them from invading each other is the european union . 
  likewise its not the majority of brits that make anti irish jokes . 
  i 'm just saying it happens on both sides and i do n't think we should get upset about it, 
  maybe check pages like republican memes on facebook, 
  a lot of irish people make jokes about the ira killing british people so i do n't really expect them not to make jokes about us to be honest, 
  fuck off we 're full, 
  moderate islam is the grass that hides the extremist islamic snake, 
  i was supposed to say much bigger problems *, 
  oops haha , was supposed to say have much bigger problems * the arab world does n't have the same lack of law and order that many african countries suffer from . 
  except angela merkel and nicola sturgeon are n't like that . 
  they both openly called for more refugees, 
  people need something to occupy themselves . 
  we were born to work in some shape or form . 
  without it people would get depressed . 
  most african states have much bigger states than lack of gay rights, 
  our gdp is inflated though because of the multinationals moving money here for tax purposes, 
  i do n't think you have a firm grasp on what the british empire was like . 
  aussies , kiwis and canadians seen themselves as british, 
  mostly from the far who hate their nation and people, 
  frances french resistance had little effect . 
  its only built up because the french wo n't admit they were liberated by america and britain . 
  the article is about britain not america, 
  who 's the alt right in the ops comment ? 
  h\u00f6fer certainly is n't alt right by any stretch . 
  his linking is to say anyone right wing is alt right aka neo nazi . 
  saying this is like saying any left wing is a communist . 
  yeah because you 're insinuating that hofors voterbase is all alt right, 
  oh please , thats like me plucking a thread from / r/fullcommunism and saying thats what the centre left party believe, 
  i believe islam says abortion is allowed before a certain time . 
  well of course those two things are based on the churches morality . 
  but i do n't think that the catholic church are the driving force behind drug criminalisation . 
  you say it like a conservative view is inherently bad . 
  there are also plenty of non religious countries that are very strict on drugs . 
  singapore, 
  the ban on drugs is n't just done by the catholic church you child . 
  you dont need to be devoutly religious to be a catholic, 
  i actually did n't know they taught it in school . 
  i knew people who did languages like that and they went to some place after school to learn it . 
  similar to people who did applied maths, 
  japanese is n't taught in school , its just an option for an exam you can take . 
  as is polish and virtually every other european/popular language . 
  what the polish are promoting here is we actually teach polish in class . 
  you 'll miss it before the end . 
  we all will, 
  there is nothing outdated about it . 
  it doesnt matter anyway , the selfishness of my generation will have on demand abortion in 20 years here, 
  back to the original point then . 
  you complain about the `` catholic taliban '' but what countries are actually swayed by this ? 
  even in countries where it is illegal/hard to get you can just go to countries without morals next door and get it . 
  what makes you think poor families have unwanted children ? 
  are poor people too dumb to buy condoms ? 
  maybe they choose to have more kids because they want a bigger family, 
  you think there is n't a movement to legalise abortion in european nations ? 
  people love to talk about how a christian group in ireland is funded by american christians but nobody talks about the fact that many feminist groups who push for abortion are also foreign funded . 
   all the ban does is force children to born in poor households . 
  oh god . 
  the horror of growing up working class . 
  you are imposing your morality just as much as the `` catholic taliban '', 
  of course you are . 
  it is reddit we 're on, 
  ireland is the only country in europe that gives babies rights . 
  sad to see the rest abandon children so quickly for their own selfish benefit,
