  i will never tire of that horse mask . 
  * ever * . 
  for god 's sake , america !, 
  quit it !, 
  how will xcom get satellite coverage for the region now ? 
   where 90 % of its members is in the shitter 87 % of statistics are made up on the spot . 
  well , that 's just awful . 
  i ca n't help but be amazed at how these bombs are still deadly nearly 70 years later . 
  away from consequence-free speech , you mean . 
  you have the right to say what you want , but do n't expect to be protected from others calling you a twat for it . 
  on the contrary , i 'd argue that it is a must see , if only because it 's rather unique in its field . 
  i ca n't really think of another film like it . 
  it is !, 
  huh , well then . 
  that 's a thing that happened , then . 
  i promise this is n't me just brushing off the fact that you were right when i say this , but in the grand scheme of things : so what ? 
  we may have avoided a double dip recession , but things still are n't better off than they were before . 
  the cost of living is still rising higher and higher while wages stagnate , and the economy continues to drain towards the rich , london , and the rich in london . 
  also , property bubbles . 
  um , you may want to fix that link . 
   britain did not have a double dip recession . 
  the latest office of national statistics figures show that there was only one recession . 
  i believe it was that the statistics showed that we did not have a triple dip , instead only having a double . 
   how are privately owned cameras any better ? 
  what sort of question is that ? 
  the implication when people crow about britain and cameras is that we 're some kind of orwellian surveillance state . 
  pointing out that those cameras are n't looking in peoples homes or streets but are owned by private companies looking over their own properties ( supermarkets , malls , factories and industrial estates , etc ) and that the government in no way forced companies to have them , completely nullifies the idea . 
   policy of arbitrary surveillance of public space that 's not a thing . 
  that does n't exist here . 
  non-privately owned cameras are either on / within governmental property for security reasons , or at major city road junctions / roundabouts or city centres . 
  the former of the last two is for reasons of traffic , where the latter is for the reasons of drunk people on the weekends . 
  fyi , the camera thing is bullshit . 
  for a start , 90 % + are privately owned . 
  second , the ` study ' that gave the number of cameras that everyone thinks britain has was massively flawed . 
  they literally just counted the cameras on one commercial street in london , and then multiplied that by the number of streets in the country . 
  just fyi , you do n't really want the supermarket ones that come in a foil tray . 
  local butchers / farmers shops / etc are always best . 
  for my part i 'll see if i can find some mititei , although i think the odds of finding some in my region are slim . 
  for some reason the only real ethnic food you can find in the north dorset area ( sans takeaways , which do n't count ) is polish , and even then it 's only kabanosy . 
  i mean , it is delicious , but that 's hardly the point . 
  pffft , please . 
  obviously the [ best way ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faggot_%28food%29 ) is to make them giant , and composed of offal . 
  it 's an attack that would only work once , though . 
  after that nobody would ever buy american technology again . 
  if anything , the real money will be in the asteroid belt , with its rare minerals . 
  once that floods the market technology is going to get a big boost . 
  after all , the only reason we use copper for wiring rather than silver is because silver is rare . 
  they 're really not lenin their anger be hidden any longer , are they !, 
  no more stalin for the protestors , it seems !, 
  how 's * that * for glasnost !, 
  ... okay i 'm done now . 
  i wish i could understand this . 
  that 's a very british response to a trade-deal you can get away with calling orwellian , considering it allows big business to essentially dictate the laws of the nations involved . 
  that mountain in belarus does not approve of their poor marching . 
  a trade deal that nobody , not even the majority of the governments involved , can see . 
  this will * definitely * turn out well . 
  oh come now , he was n't that bad . 
  he was fairer than charlies i , he just was n't any fun . 
  he banned christmas , for example . 
  that 's puritans for you . 
  says the person with the falkland islands flair . 
  somehow , i do n't think you 'll have to worry . 
   also inaction is even worse and that led to the great depression , `` letting the banks fail '' sounds like a great populist idea but economists would disagree . 
  how is the alternative any better ? 
  ` too big to fail ' and the like has just led to banks doing anything they want and then getting bailed out at the taxpayer 's expense . 
  fuck , hsbc was ** literally giving money to drug cartels ** , and nothing happened . 
  how is that justice ? 
  exactly . 
  the popping of financial bubbles has never helped the man on the street , because so much has rode on that bubble never bursting ( for some idiotic reason ) . 
  to extend this metaphor further , we need a slow deflation of the bubble , followed by anyone trying to blow another one getting the shit kicked out of them . 
  metaphorically , of course . 
  does a housing bubble mean something different in europe than it does in the uk ? 
  because over here it means people treating property as an asset , and making a living out of buying and re-selling houses for higher and higher prices , meaning that fewer and fewer people will actually be able to afford one of the bloody things in their lifetime . 
  myself included . 
  i have to say , as a young person who hopes to use the free movement one day , i will be pissed off if baby boomers force us to leave . 
  i 'd rather not have it made x1000 harder to leave the country and thus essentially be trapped here , thanks . 
  i find it interesting how many arguments from the pro-union camp in england talk purely about the monetary side of things . 
  i mean , it 's not really about money , is it . 
  independence is never about money . 
  on the one hand , i think it might be interesting to see how it works , and if they do manage to break away from this increasingly london-centric and unequal england then the best of luck to them . 
  but on the other hand , scotland is pretty much the entire reason it 's considered a two party labour / conservative system , rather than just a conservatives only system . 
  if they leave , we 're utterly screwed politically . 
  to be a huge doom-sayer , it will make thatcher 's reign look like scandinavian social-democracy by comparison . 
   however i do n't like the idea of euthanasia as it is the final decision you can make and with cds the patient can often request to be awakened for a final farewell . 
  are you suggesting that people who choose euthanasia do n't get a chance for a final farewell ? 
  i still do n't quite see how it 's better . 
  in a way ( and note that i 'm discounting people who are terminally ill when i say this ) it sounds even worse . 
  keeping someone in a drug-forced vegetative state does n't seem kinder or more merciful . 
  at best it seems a dirtier equivalent to cryogenically freezing someone and hoping a cure will be found in the future . 
  at worst , it sounds like people being forced to stay alive as a mindless slab of medicinally-infused meat . 
  what 's the point of cds , though ? 
  it seems a bit arbritary . 
  `` we not going to let you die now , so instead we 'll just keep you doped up until you 're a little older and then let you kill yourself '' ? 
  your super-rich and big businesses are in a much better position . 
  the american people are not . 
   our growth is much better at 2.2 % . 
  i feel the need to point out , though , that this has almost entirely gone to big business and the super-rich . 
  income inequality is still worse than it was before . 
  something like 85 % of it has gone to corporate profits , while about 1 % has gone to workers wages . 
  how come we 're stuck with henning wehn , instead of this guy ?
