   they do n't need knowledge of the field , that 's what their staff and consultants are there for . 
  they 're politicians , not experts . 
  they 're there for the political aspect if the job . 
  they do n't have to be experts in the field . 
  that 's the job of the people working for them . 
  then what 's the point of them ? 
   a large part of our success comes from keeping people like him ( firebrand ideologues appealing to base instincts ) either out of or marginalised in government . 
  is n't that , like , * half * of your government ? 
  and * everyone * hoping to run in the republican primaries ? 
   china has unity through party fiat and ethnic homogeneity . 
  i think china is less homogeneous than you realise . 
   we want to be equals among equals . 
  but you 've done absolutely nothing to warrant it !, 
  your economic figures that got you into the eu were fudged in the first place !, 
  and your tax evasion and corruption is systemic !, 
  for fuck sake !, 
  my sympathies have been ground down like shore rock . 
  with someone else 's bullets , no less . 
  and next they 'll be demanding that someone else foot their medical bill . 
  believe me , i 'm right there with you . 
  to be fair , straw polls can be disastrously wrong . 
  see : our last general election . 
  true . 
  but the majority of the dislike i 've seen seems to be towards putin and his administration , rather than russians in general . 
  can i ask , what are the stereotypes russians have about britons ? 
  airdrop millions of mobile phones inside the country ? 
  maybe if more people were aware of how lavishly the elite live while they suffer - and just how much more food and goods and freedom the outside world has - something could happen ? 
  remind me , please . 
  i 'm getting confused . 
  is the yes vote the bad one that will probably lead to greece leaving the euro ? 
  or is that the no vote ? 
  be quiet , not-france . 
  we 're always happy to see you , america . 
  it 's just that sometimes you 're a right twat . 
  they really should ban water polo . 
  it 's a cruel and unusual sport . 
  the number of drowned horses they work their way through in a season is ridiculous . 
  so much dissolution of greece you could call it fairy liquid . 
  so what you 're saying is that xcom 2 is real life ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  at least you tried , argentina . 
  yep . 
  best way i 've heard it explained is `` you may not have personally cut down all the trees , but that does n't change the fact you do n't live in a bloody forest . '', 
  i 'm on mobile , but my musical suggestion is ` watch world war three on pay tv ' . 
  someone link , please ? 
  of course not . 
  but the fact is that there is no evidence for this , and it 's a mad theory pushed by racists who do n't understand why people do n't like it when they use the n word . 
  when your conspiracy theory literally consists of ` jews are infiltrating our academia to destroy white society ' then it is antisemetic . 
  but go ahead anyway . 
   also by most intelligent , intellectually honest people who have extensively researched the phenomenon . 
  [ citation * goddamn * needed ] also , i 'd forgotten to mention how antisemitic it is !, 
  most pushes of this conspiracy also go on about how it 's all the fault of the jews !, 
  cultural marxism is literally a conspiracy theory propagated by neonazis and stormfront, 
  you say swamp , i 'm hearing ` insurance against the inevitable water conflicts , that will also become land a the same time ' !, 
  could it ever reach a level where people just straight up could n't afford to eat ? 
  so what happens when nobody gets paid because it 's all going to the debt ? 
  i 'm asking this from a position of * extreme * ignorance , as i have n't really been following this . 
  it 's not going to turn into a case of literally nobody in the country having any money at all because it 's all going to debt payment , is it ? 
  i should n't expect so , because that would mean greece would literally be made to starve to death . 
  again , i do n't know nowt about owt . 
  what if i come off of strike to argue that with you for ten hours , then take you to dinner ? 
  * yes , but that does n't necessarily mean it 's the artist giving the meaning . 
  * sadly , yes . 
  but it should n't be . 
  * who can say ? 
  all is dust in the end . 
  * [ smokes cigarette . 
  stares pensively out of window . 
  shrugs . ], 
  * see above , but with more wine . 
  * see above . 
  * see above . 
  add some more cigarettes . 
  * i 'm not answering that , i 'm on strike . 
  did i pass ? 
  am i french yet ? 
  the precursor to those computers , and the kind we use today , were not created in a war, 
  fine , then . 
  but i still argue that if america was being hurt in ww2 the same way european countries were , the manhatten project may not have happened . 
  and to use them again , cern and the lhc would not have been built during a period of war . 
  it was an application of existing science . 
  also it was in america , the one place not being bombed to hell . 
  war is good for creating applications of current tech , but it generally stops all research of the science behind them . 
  cern would n't exist in war time . 
  it 's like chinese . 
  you have traditional and you have simplified . 
  on the other hand , we did carve africa up into the nation borders that exist today specifically to make sure no one ethnic group was too powerful . 
  it 's funny , but i 'd started thinking that he was somehow too old to die , if that makes sense ? 
  the solution is obvious then : robot overlords . 
  if i can elaborate on that challenger ii story ? 
  iirc the periscope ( or whatever it 's called ) was damaged by one of the first rpgs , so the crew just radioed for backup , reversed the tank into the ditch by the road and put the kettle on while rpgs and bullets bounced off the hull . 
  they were waiting for hours . 
  i was n't aware the goddamn allied nations from red alert were designing our buildings now . 
  *** hms [ sound of smashing a bottle over one 's own head ] ***, 
  that 's actually a quote from * 1984 * , which i believe everyone should read at some point . 
  i felt it was relevant , considering what the soviet tablet says . 
  '' * to the future or to the past , to a time when thought is free , when men are different from one another and do not live alone -- to a time when truth exists and what is done can not be undone : from the age of uniformity , from the age of solitude , from the age of big brother , from the age of doublethink -- greetings !, 
  * '' in all seriousness , that struck a huge chord with me . 
  a symphony 's worth . 
  are you fucking kidding me !?
