  hey , thanks . 
  i 'll be sure to check them out . 
  let 's not get carried away , now . 
  well done , i think i just popped a blood vessel . 
  how do americans feel about the west country accent ? 
  aka pirate / hobbit voice . 
  wonderfully , if you 're in the mood for it . 
  surprisingly , i do n't watch many films with russians . 
  i. . . ca n't actually remember the last one . 
  maybe that doctor who episode with the submarine ? 
  or that horror film with the invisible aliens ? 
  immediately . 
  immediately . 
  you beautiful russian bastard . 
  nato countries are afraid russia will invade , russia is afraid that nato countries will stop them invading others . 
  nato wo n't be silent . 
  by its very nature it ca n't be , because to not respond would be to lose all credibility ( for itself and its member nations ) and destroy itself . 
  sure , but last time i checked the british government was n't financing him . 
  he was just someone persecuted in his own country , living in ours . 
  i 'm not defending him with that statement , just saying that such a situation is not without precedent . 
  this is the response russia should be given . 
  actually , that 's not true . 
  germany financed lenin in ww1 and sent him back to russia in order to start a revolution and thus pull russia out of the war . 
  if it 's any consolation , our country is actually quite terrible . 
  we were only one top from being horrible to others . 
  that 's great . 
  i read ukraine diaries a little while ago and realised i knew very little about the country . 
  good to see things improving !, 
  really ? 
  ukraine is ahead of the curve , it seems . 
  something something * children of the night * something something . 
  what point are you trying to make here ? 
  it may not last forever , but this is the most peaceful period in history , and part of a long statistical trend of increasing peace . 
  oh please . 
  you riot over sports games . 
  log in you own eye , and all that . 
  there 's a lot of evidence that this is the most peaceful , free period in human history , actually ,, 
  i 'm hearing examples but not reasons . 
  i 'm actually curious . 
  can i ask what it is about our humour you lot apparently like ? 
  i fail to see a problem with either of these ? 
  sooooo where are we all going to get our food , then ? 
   she 's divisive because her reforms were painful . 
  try ` destroyed entire communities and towns ' . 
  she did nothing to ease a transition or anything of the sort . 
  she just shut them down , and many places have never recovered . 
  pffft , please . 
  you burnt her yourselves !, 
  and even then the only thing you could get her for was wearing trousers !, 
  ladies , please , you 're both pretty . 
  i would n't say they 're quite the same , since homosexuality serves a purpose within the animal kingdom ( usually by providing group members to look after young / forage for food , while not providing extra competition for mates ) while albinism does not . 
   from biology standpoint homosexuality is an abnormality except that 's not true at all !, 
  homosexuality is present all over the animal kingdom !, 
  yet more proof that ` sjw ' is a meaningless phrase . 
  going to day she deserved her fate , next ? 
  at the risk of being dramatic , my heart aches over what russia has become , compared to what it could be . 
  putin has a lot to answer for . 
  maybe if fph stuck to their own sub and did n't harass people outside it , they 'd still be around . 
  not that i 'm mourning their passing , you understand . 
  the past is important . 
  because if you do n't know where you 're from , you do n't know where you are . 
  and if you do n't know where you are , you do n't know where you 're going . 
  really ? 
  huh !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  also , is the moscow times a trusted source ? 
  not that i 'm expecting it to be russia today , but i know next to nothing about the site . 
  please explain to me how you say \u00a7, 
  because he 's not worth the fucking electrons , that 's why . 
  even so , the authoritarian drivel cameron has been spouting is ludicrous , the amount of human rights may wants to revoke is worrying at best , and our bloody finance minister is an idealogue without even a gcse in business or economics . 
  and do n't get me started on ian duncan smith . 
  i actually trust the eu more than the current uk government . 
  they seem to at least give a little bit of a shit when it comes to human rights and privacy , the environment , etc. 
  i assume his next goal is graveyards for alive people ? 
  who 's saying people would n't take the job in a ubi system ? 
  basic income only ensures a good baseline standard of living . 
  people may want a little extra spending money , or something to do with their days that brings them satisfaction ( work itself can be satisfying , even if it 's mindless ) or even just some exercise . 
  i 'm sorry , but if your business relies on you treating your workers poorly , or relies upon your workers being desperate for any job at all , then your business should fail ( in its current form , at least ) . 
  at the risk of drawing the mccarthyists out of the woodwork , your business is literally built upon the exploitation of the worker class . 
  the menial jobs that we love to demean in society , such as fast-food workers , can offer dignity and good conditions and still survive . 
  i fear i 'm starting to get compassion fatigue . 
  everyone deserves an adequate standard of living ... but christ , we ca n't just take everybody . 
  and all this talk of migrants trying to ` storm ' their way into the uk and such , it 's starting to sound a little intimidating . 
  on the other hand , people may work more through increased job satisfaction . 
  with ubi workers have greater bargaining power - everyone could easily afford to walk out of a shitty job . 
  so corporations would have to actually make it worth their while . 
  but if they 're not required to know anything about the subject they make decisions on - decisions that can affect literally millions of people - what 's the point of having them in the first place ? 
  all of what you 've listed seems to rely on politicians being necessary . 
  if they were n't none of that would be , either . 
   the politician wo n't get the money he is giving , and does n't really give the slightest fuck about it , so he is neutral . 
  dumb sometimes , but neutral at least . 
  except that 's not true at all !, 
  the politician is driven either by personal ideology or by corruption , especially in this day and age as big business becomes more powerful . 
  i mean , hell , look at george osbourne . 
  a finance minister who does n't even have a gcse in business or economics . 
  either he has to do what the experts say , in which case he 's entirely unnecessary , or he does what he believes regardless of how wrong or twisted it is , in which case he is malicious . 
  so we have an entire class of ruler , who does n't need to know * anything * about the subject material , and whose sole purpose is to lie to have things be the way * they * choose to be . 
  sometimes without listening to , or even going diametrically against , the views of those who * do * know anything about the subject material . 
  ... nope , still not seeing the point . 
  why do we have these people ?
