  tch , good luck . 
  well then !, 
  just turn commerzbank into a government run one of those !, 
  but yeah , perhaps it might be best to let them fail . 
  pardon my ignorance , but what would be wrong with a public bank ? 
  not only would it create a ` safe ' option for your money ( that is , one where bonus-taking fat-cats are n't necessarily in charge ) but would n't it also increase competition in the private sector ? 
  since citizens could just say ` we do n't have to put up with your shit anymore , we 're going public ' banks would have to clean their act up and give a basic service that 's at least better than the public option . 
  right ? 
  ` giant commerzbank ' sounds like some kind of massive banking robot . 
  with guns on its arms . 
  i 've just had a major case of l'esprit de l'escalier and had to come back to say this : * why was this * ( that is , the whole ` eu wanting to create an autonomous military headquarters ' thing ) * not in the news ? 
  * i mean , you 'd think ` eu wants to create its own version of nato ' would be all over the front pages . 
  especially for countries with media that sells on euroscepticism like britain . 
  the daily mail for example would eat that shit up !, 
  you 'd think us vetoing the proposal would get mentioned * at least * !, 
  so why did i not hear of this before now ? 
  i must have it confused with http://sciencefocus.com/ easy mistake to make . 
  they both have the same name . 
  so how are you going to spin this * this * time , / r/europe ? 
  it 's a science magazine . 
  a quite reputable one at that ( although not quite new scientist or nature ), 
  spoke too soon , mein freund . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  if their points were good , they would n't need to downvote opposition to hell . 
  but as libya shows , it would n't . 
  using it as an example again , if we went for the negotiations and compromises route that a united europe presents , we 'd have been left with three options . 
  the first two being : - the countries that did n't want military action being dragged into it . 
  - the countries that did want military action being forced to stand idle as civilians were bombed , shot and generally massacred ( this option would almost certainly have led to gadaffi winning , and probably greatly damaged the west politically ) the third option would probably have been something half-hearted and generally impotent . 
  maybe only bombing on mondays and fridays ? 
  planting trees in-between to offset the carbon footprint of the planes ? 
  ( that last line was a joke ), 
  again , you keep taking the words right out of my mouth . 
  it is bloody hypocritical of all those calling for britain to be all-in or all-out , when they do n't call for other countries to act so as well . 
   the idea is to make those divergent opinions into one single opinion , which will be arrived at through negotiations and compromise yeah , because that 's working so well in civilian matters at the moment , is n't it ? 
  it will definitely work with matters of military emergency !, 
  for the reasons crsp said below , mostly . 
  plus , the words ` autonomous military headquarters ' does n't immediately sound good . 
  if they 're autonomous , does that mean they do n't take orders from anyone ? 
  who tells them what to do ? 
  who are they accountable to ? 
  they sound - at best - like blackwater-style mercenaries made official . 
   * the formation of an autonomous military headquarters failed last week after britain alone resisted the move * wait wait wait , back up a moment . 
  the eu tried to create an autonomous military headquarters ? 
  my first thoughts are ` jesus christ , what the hell ' . 
  followed by a sense of relief that we vetoed the idea, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  if the uk does n't want something , it 's always throwing a childish fit . 
  no exceptions / sarcasm, 
  we 'd all lose liberty if the eu turned into the superstate that so many seem to want . 
  false dichotomy much ? 
   it seems to me that people do n't start and do n't like revolutionary change unless the practical gains are evident . 
  exactly , which is why so many britons are against having our country run by a central government in mainland europe ( i.e , non-brits ) or switching from the centuries old pound to the euro . 
  security before liberty , you mean ? 
   what 's important is peoples lives , and how happy people are . 
   it 's better for people to be happy than for us to preserve some mixed up view of what it means to be british . 
  you seem to be under the impression that people ca n't be happy in their nations culture or history . 
  would you homogenise us ? 
  why ca n't we just have the same type of relationship with the eu as sweden , or norway ? 
  this article , while quite good ( if a bit biased , it is the guardian after all ) seems to miss one thing : that a lot of people are willing to suffer hardship in the name of sovereignty . 
  would we be worse off outside of the eu ? 
  almost certainly . 
  would those people who want us to leave consider it worth it , as it means we have total sovereignty over our affairs , ` those who trade liberty for security deserve neither ' , etc etc ? 
  again , almost certainly . 
  ` at least we 're doing * something * ' is not necessarily a good debate point . 
  to be honest , i 'd rather if china did n't try and rescue us . 
  they 're not our friends in any way . 
  * you will be assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . 
  * you ca n't force people to be friends . 
  you physically can not . 
  and forcibly removing such things as religion or nation will not help you either . 
  in fact , it will create the opposite effect . 
  how will you enforce this homogenisation ? 
  at bayonet point ? 
  with gulags ? 
  about bloody time . 
  best to luck to both of you , chaps . 
  i think there 's an inherent flaw here . 
  you ca n't forge a common identity . 
  you ca n't force people to be friends . 
  well , i hope the croatian people vote on the right decision, 
  so what happens next ? 
  assuming things do n't somehow get better ? 
  so who do we not elect democratically then ? 
  where is the cut off point ? 
  i do n't think anyone really thinks of the words ` fair share ' and includes money lost due to incompetent / corrupt bankers . 
  that does n't really fit either of the words involved . 
  will you also ban cars / make fuel more expensive to try and encourage walking ? 
  because your logic does n't work . 
  you ca n't just raise prices every single time you make things less common . 
  it does n't work like that . 
   1 ) sovereignty - not having an overarching eu government that supplants local sovereignty like an invading force . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  it 's bad for nations to have sovereignty !, 
  why , poland ? 
  why ? 
  italian has red , irish has orange . 
  point number one just seems to be ` germany are n't going to invade , they already have ' or at least , that seems to be the impression he 's giving , with his ` they 're such a big player you have to pander to them to survive ' spiel . 
  make that a ** debtors ** prison while you 're at it .
