  are there even any french comedians operating in britain ? 
  regarding antoine de caunes : on the one hand , i was giggling at his accent . 
  but on the other , i 'm feeling very stereotypical because i actually think the outfit he put on as an englishmen is pretty stylish . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd love to be part of the future . 
  it 's part of what made me pick up programming . 
  i just have this nagging feeling that it 's going to be less star trek , more elysium . 
  a cynical part of me thinks that we 'll never quite hit another technological golden age . 
  neither does it think that my generation would ever get to enjoy it , what with being economically sold down the river by our predecessors and all . 
   britain is really putting in a good effort to replace us as the capitalist hellhole of the developed world . 
  excuse me while i scoff to hell and back . 
  last time i checked , we had things like paid sick leave and vacations . 
  also , our supermarkets do n't hold food drives * for their own employees * rather than pay them decently . 
  ( [ source 1 ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2013/11/18/2960371/walmart-food-drive/ ) , [ source 2 ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/11/18/walmart-store-holding-thanksgiving-charity-food-drive-for-its-own-employees/ ) ) we may not be perfect , but we are nowhere near america . 
  hell , if about 20 states * you can be fired for being lgbtq * . 
  that 's * insane * . 
  since it 's a realistic expectation that the average person does n't have that kind of money just lying around , people should protest and insult anyway . 
  what , are they going to demand payment in unicorns next ? 
  it 's something equally non-existent . 
  oh no you do n't . 
  you do n't get to spout nonsense , then when everyone calls you out say `` why do n't we compromise , and say we 're both equally terrible ? '', 
  that 's not how it works , mate . 
   imo , the government should n't own a telecom company at all . 
  why not ? 
  i can understand not having a government monopoly , but having a public option increases competition , surely ? 
  it means that the big companies ca n't just become a cartel and rip people off , like what the energy companies in britain are doing . 
  it ensures a basic level of service . 
  you better watch out eussr !, 
  ** ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ cold ... 
  ^ or ^ ^ looking ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ ourselves, 
   the guardian and the independent are n't pro-eu ? 
  bbc panels , interviewers and variety shows are n't more pro-eu than the occasional farage guest appearance ? 
  the readerships of those two are vastly outnumbered by the anti-eu murdoch empire , and the bbc is impartial . 
   they are there it 's just their arguments for the last few decades have been to call the sceptics racists and xenophobes . 
  nope . 
  this is up there with people falsely claiming that you ca n't say you 're against religious extremism without being called racist . 
  you are not being oppressed . 
   the eu also already spends hundreds of millions on propaganda anyway , a simple google nets you the report . 
  a google search for what , exactly ? 
  and if the eu 's good points were so fucking obvious to the british public , we would n't even be having this conversation , as it would n't be worth bringing up . 
   but i go back to the first point , government propoganda is not acceptable in a democracy and we can see it 'd only be used , is only used , for one side . 
  it 's funny how all you authoritarians want propaganda and then wonder why we oppose you . 
  so you 're saying that no state organisation is allowed to mention its good points ? 
  that it has to rely on word of mouth and the media to tell people ? 
  excuse me ? 
  yes , because it 's only propoganda if we do n't like it . 
  nevermind the fact that the majority of the british public are completely ignorant of what good the eu does ( or what the eu actually does at all ) or that the newspapers purposefully misinterpret or * make stuff up * about it . 
  no , that 's all well and good . 
  but the eu pointing out what it actually does ? 
  also , what 's with the hatred and anger ? 
  i find it funny that you go on about propoganda while yelling shit like  because we should thank our lords and masters for their benevolence . 
  education , mostly . 
  i mean , consider how much of the media in britain paints a dim view of europe . 
  the other side of the issue telling us the good bits is basically unrepresented . 
  i 've only been to germany once , years ago for a christmas school trip to cologne , but i know that i dearly want to go back . 
  i also know that your language is infuriating to learn , since i apparently need to be an expert on what grammar terms are to know when you 're going to start switching the rules on sentence structure on everyone . 
  ( i 'm going to keep trying to learn it though , because i 'll be damned if i 'm yet another monolingual brit my whole life ), 
  what has iran done that is even close to north korea ? 
   so , are you saying that for the sake of `` equality '' , women should have more rights than men ? 
  you still have no idea what feminism actually is !, 
   feminism is not about equality , it 's about pushing the scale further in women 's favo * u * r. congratulations !, 
  you have no idea what feminism actually is !, 
  equality is not a zero sum game , and it is ridiculous to think so . 
   but it 's still absurd ... because ... ? 
   as is the rest of the measures influenced by the rampant feminism in sweden . 
  yeah , fuck them and their rampant equality . 
  what assholes , going around trying to be the same as everyone else . 
  nowadays we cheer because he was stopped , but also because he had a go . 
  as i understand it , a film passes the test if it includes two or more women , who talk with each other , about a subject that is n't a man . 
  it 's not perfect or appropriate for every film , but on the whole i think it 's a decent ( or at least interesting ) thing to do . 
  it will still be a step forward though , right ? 
  it 'll set a legal precedent or something ? 
  which has disenfranchised large swatches of them from being involved in the process . 
  all according to plan !, 
  of course , this all presumes that nobody in europe ever does anything about rising waters . 
  edit : but on the other hand , this involves london drowning . 
  so i 'm okay with this . 
   i suppose there 's big questions of why we let completely unaccountable and hopelessly corrupt people and institutions have a say in our lives . 
  well this is ironic , considering how the uk government works . 
  sarcasm is something conveyed through tone of voice . 
  your comment was entirely text based . 
  entirely text based ** on reddit ** , to boot . 
  so you 'll have to excuse me if i thought you were being genuine . 
   it 's ok because its serbian graves and the perpetrators are muslim ** fuck . 
  right . 
  off . 
   so does the uk . 
  you 've got me there , but at the end of the day we do n't use drones to bomb kids and grandmas in pakistan . 
  nor do we break international law with ` double tap ' strikes that kill anyone who tries to help those injured in the initial strike . 
  i suppose the problem with official immigration is that you need skills to get in the first place - skills someone from a third-world country is unlikely to have , if they 're trying to get in via a raft . 
  although this is a good argument for foreign aid , albeit one that is n't just throwing money at the governments involved . 
   they did n't ask for help , but if they did nato totally would n't have done anything , therefore i 'm right that is what you just said . 
  think about it . 
  did those fighting in bahrain make a huge fuss and actively ask nato for help ? 
  i do n't seem to recall them doing so . 
  nato operates on vampire logic , they can only enter if invited . 
  yes , because it was totally the big bad west that caused gadaffi to start slaughtering and bombing his own people , and for the libyan people to take umbrage to it . 
  what next , are you going to say that america forced that tunisian grocer to set himself on fire ? 
   nato invested in libya by destroying it . 
  are you referring to the thing with gadaffi ? 
  that thing was pretty much entirely libyan vs libyan , though .
