  for the record , i would n't trust theresa may as a bloody tea lady , nevermind home secretary . 
  well , i discovered the other week that that russian song i heard once years ago and has been bugging me ever since is kalinka . 
  you have no idea what a relief it was to put that earworm to rest . 
  * an die freude * and all that . 
  i 've just starting trying korean , it 's really interesting !, 
  it 's not like japanese or chinese , in that it does n't have a symbol for every word . 
  it has an alphabet , with words being made out of blocks composed of a consonant and a vowel . 
  for example , sweet potato is \uace0\uad6c\ub9c8 , which is pronounced ` ko-gu-ma ' . 
   patriotism is a universal good , you should be proud of the people that came before you that made your country what it is what , all of it ? 
  be quiet cyprus , you 're not even a real country !, 
  hold me back , france !, 
  i see they 're all buying our blue jeans and listening to our rock music , then . 
  we can still clinch a cultural victory !, 
  we do n't dislike you , russia !, 
  it 's mostly just putin . 
  like , have you ever had a friend who was really smart and cool , but you were worried that one day they were just going to snap and commit a murder-suicide ? 
  yeah ... 
  hey , you 're welsh , you get a free pass . 
  now us english , we 're just awful . 
  right bastards indeed . 
  and france has ` pomme de terre ' or something, 
  damn , i should have known it was n't a noun because it 's not capitalised !, 
  my german is at a weird level right now where i can almost sort of understand things , but not really . 
  feels like i 'm having a stroke every time i see something written in the language, 
  uhh , menschen is person / people , logisch is pretty obvious ... `` do n't try and speak logic to these people , thanks '' ? 
  how close am i ? 
   then again i 'm not an expert in british politics so i could be completely wrong . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we do n't listen to experts now . 
  the problem is that there 's no indication they would do that . 
  if anything , everything just points to the uk government giving it all to their rich mates in london . 
  again . 
  the fact that they were n't putting money into regional areas before the eu did is proof enough of that . 
  the government does n't care , but the eu does . 
  just google ` vlad the impaler ', 
  fuck off , we did vote . 
  more young people voted than ever before . 
  do you have any pets today ? 
  treating them well as a form of repentance , etc. 
   stabbing oranges fans of scurvy , are they ? 
  q : what 's the difference between erdogan and a dog ? 
  a : people like dogs !, 
  a piss ant is something else entirely . 
  i think this is the first time the financial times has been accused of being communist . 
  my problem with slavic languages ( russian , to be exact , since that 's what i 'm learning from that family ) is that it has a lot of sound combinations that just do n't really exist in english . 
  even really simple words , like \u0437\u0434\u0435\u0441\u044c !, 
  that sd/zd sound at the beginning of the word just does n't happen in english , so whenever i start saying it i get tongue-tied . 
  indeed . 
  while these subjects do require a long , nuanced discussion , i ca n't see a ten page essay being much of a float . 
  as i understand it , one of the reasons for the stereotype about british food is because we lacked the major differences between peasant and noble food that other countries had . 
  french peasants ate meat pie while french lords ate lark tongues soaked in honey . 
  english peasants ate meat pie while english lords ate meat pie made from a boar they killed themselves , spiced and cooked in fine wine . 
  now i know \u0410\u043d\u0433\u043b\u0438\u0447\u0430\u043d\u043a\u0430 means english , but what does \u0433\u0430\u0434\u0438\u0442 mean ... oi !, 
  oh please . 
  i do n't need to be a master tailor to know the emperor has no clothes . 
  and i do n't need to be an expert on nazi germany to know that someone whose knowledge of it boils down to ' i was born in 1940 ' is n't a font of wisdom . 
  not relevant , because i 'm not being used as some special authority on nazi germany, 
  it 's not a matter of her opinion being different to mine , it 's that she was born a year after the war started , and was 4-5 when the war ended . 
  her experience literally means nothing . 
  if she could even remember anything from that time period it would be a feat . 
  it 's like asking someone born in the year 2000 what they thought of 9/11 . 
   we talked with marion ingeborg andrews , who goes by inga . 
  she was born in dusseldorf , germany , in ** 1940 ** during hitler 's reign . 
  yeah , i do n't think her opinion on nazi germany is worth a damn . 
  ` snicker ' is an acceptable synonym for that word . 
  i dunno , a salmon pizza sounds pretty rad . 
  oh boy , an austrian using the phrase l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  this 'll turn out well . 
  yeah , come back ^ and ^ then ^ ^ straight ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ gulag . 
  `` but railways !, 
  '' , and so on . 
  you ca n't just call news you do n't agree with fake . 
  hidden in a treaty ? 
  it was on the goddamn preamble !, 
   there was no question , no debate , it just happened ... you 're talking out of your arse we had a bloody referendum about it in the 70s !, 
  that 's how we joined the eu in the first place !, 
  if you voted to join the eu in the 70s but you did n't know about the ever-closer union idea , that 's not the eu 's fault . 
  it means you 're an idiot who should know what you 're actually voting for . 
  i think it was pretty damn clear at the time !, 
  again , it was n't exactly hidden in a locked cabinet . 
  it was on the cards since its earliest days . 
  to join in decades later and then go `` hang on , nobody told us about this ! '', 
  is disingenuous in the extreme . 
  there was no goddamn plan for brexit either . 
  and yet , here we are . 
   we joined the eu in the early 70 's , and at that point it was just the common market ... we were basically forced to adopt ever closer union without the consent of the people piss off , mate . 
  the ever-closer union thing was a thing since the treaty of rome in 1957 . 
  quote :  * `` determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe ... . . '' . 
  * this was not hidden from the british people . 
  they were n't idiots being sold false goods . 
  i 'll bring the honey monster , you bring stephen hawking and the wu tang clan . 
  god , i love how snarky polish people are . 
  on the scale of evil dickheads , he sounds barely a half-mast . 
  that 's paranoid . 
  nobody wants to attack you , russia . 
  just breath . 
  enemy assets ? 
  like what , isis ? 
  sadly , i fear that anything that is n't ` roll over and let putin do what it wants ' is a threat to putin, 
  he was born in britain , to british citizens .
