  * by other men * , mind you . 
  by the vast majority , it 's not women laughing at men and calling them pussies for daring to do such things as show emotion . 
  do you think that the nazis were left wing ? 
   are you saying the us economy is in worse shape than the eu ? 
  the economy itself ? 
  no , the raw figures show a great improvement . 
  however , that improvement is not for the people . 
  over 85 % has gone to corporate profits and less than 1 % has gone to the workers . 
  not to mention that the minimum wage has remained stagnant for decades . 
  the gap between rich and poor is getting wider and wider . 
  and for the record , yes , i do see an increasingly senior population becoming a future problem in the us . 
  just like in europe , china , japan , australia , pretty much every developed nation . 
   no ... the economy is in such bad shape because the socialist governments spent all money and the future generation 's money and the future generation 's children 's money on stupid shit i do n't know which country you 're from so when you say ` the economy ' i do n't really know how to respond . 
  nor do i know what ' 13th salaries ' are . 
  however , it has become easier to fire people than it has before . 
  in britain for example , it 's increasingly becoming the norm that for the first couple of years into a job , your employer can literally fire you just because . 
  and if we look across the pond , america has ( i believe it 's over 20 ) states where you can legally fire people for being homosexual !, 
  also off the top of my head , germany , norway and sweden are countries who would definitely qualify as ` socialist ' in their policies , yet their economies are in great shape . 
   this is why europe is becoming less competitive while the us is becoming better and more efficient all the time , not to mention china and other developing countries . 
  sounds like more of this ` global race ' nonsense to me , which is just a gussied up race to the bottom . 
  what you mean is that it 's harder in europe for people to be exploited by big business , and that 's bad because reasons . 
  i 'm afraid that at this moment in time i can not address your pension point , again because i do n't know which country you 're talking about . 
  1 : you do n't seem to know what leftist policies actually are . 
  2 : so you 're suggesting we become a society where the poor are left to die ? 
  3 : ` just lower taxes = better for all ' is ridiculous , trickle-down reaganomics nonsense that has been proved not to work . 
  the us you 're idolising so hard is a great example of this . 
  4 : calling young people who are leftist ` maoist ' ? 
  seriously ? 
  5 : this -  the young people realize that they will have to work all their lives to maintain a system they will probably not enjoy - is due to ** the things that you are advocating ** . 
  rightist policies such as lowering taxes for the rich , mass privatisation and the gutting of society into ` me me me ' is what has created a system where the people of today will not be able to enjoy the same standard their parents did . 
  it is leftist policies that have led to things like universal healthcare , workers rights , environmental regulations , and basically for the fact that our countries are no longer run like a victorian laissez faire hellhole . 
  it is rightist policies that are dismantling these things . 
  to claim that the opposite is true is ( not to be too impolite ) fucking absurd . 
  it turns out i remembered a lot of it wrong ( it was portugal for one , not belgium . 
  or hyperbolic , but the basics - it was a functioning kingdom with an economy and everything , and was destabilised by the european slave trade - are the same . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_kongo] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_kongo#foundation_of_the_kingdom ) i seem to have really fumbled my evidence with this , for which i apologise . 
  but i still stick with my original point , which is that african nations are in the state they are now because of continuing interference by european civilisations , and then later by the rest of the world in general . 
  advanced in that it was a functioning society . 
  it had a working government , good police , medical and educational services ( for the time ) , functioning infrastructure and a stable economy . 
  imagine if someone put agents inside the us to assassinate , sabotage and spread discord , causing the country to split into multiple fighting factions . 
  and then they took advantage of that to cart away large chunks of the population as slaves . 
  that 's basically what happened with belgium and the congo . 
  and do n't even get me started on the shit we did !, 
  or the dutch !, 
  if was us colonising these areas that destabilised them in the first place !, 
  the congo for example , was quite an advanced empire until the belgians ruined the entire region for their slave trade . 
  what happens to people who ( theoretically ) are kicked out of the house the moment they turn 16 and do n't have anyone to help them ? 
  so sugoi ~, 
  i 'm going to go for the historical perspective rather than the domestic , because i have mad respect for poland and its determination . 
  poland is up there with france in terms of countries you do not want to fuck with . 
  off the top of my head , when the full might of the german war machine invaded poland at the beginning of ww2 , they thought they would take it within days . 
  it actually took them * six weeks * to reach warsaw , and they 'd taken such a battering during that they had to spend the winter rearming before they could attack france . 
  also polish pilots in the raf , with their squadrons having some of the tallies for downed opponents . 
  and their mathematicians cracking the enigma code , allowing britain to pretty much run . 
  on a lighter note : kabanosy !, 
  tasty , tasty kabanosy !, 
   i never thought us americans would ever be able to make fun of a country for not having a decimal system , and being on the side of convincing another person that the decimal system is superior . 
  i need to acquire british friends so i can mock them . 
  and they 'd call you a twat , because we stopped using shillings and such ages ago and now use the decimal ' 100 pennies to a pound ' system . 
  congratulations , you look a fool . 
  a fool i say !, 
   savages scoff !, 
  says the country without the infrastructure for mass electric kettle usage !, 
  funny thing , the nsa is one of the few things that wo n't be affected , apparently . 
  that said , this shutdown is seriously bloody disturbing to me . 
  a political party has * shut down the country * because a law they do n't like exists . 
  a law that went through the senate , the congress , the house of representatives , was signed by the president and upheld as constitutional by the supreme court . 
  a law that they 've tried to repeal 40 times so far and failed every time . 
  the aca/obamacare is a thing that gives people healthcare and could stop stuff like people in america ( due to lack of funds ) dying of a tooth abscess . 
  and because it exists , republicans are saying ` do everything we say , or we shut everything down ' . 
  and they have !, 
  it 's disturbing !, 
  oh fuck off with your self-righteous whining . 
  if it had been any other country france would have complained just as much . 
  `` fly , you fools ! '', 
  then britain disappears , but rejoins later all the stronger for defeating ~ ~ peter mandelson ~ ~ the balrog . 
  is n't that how a lot of names in america started ? 
  settler : what 's that ? 
  native : < that 's a mountain , dummy  settler : right , someone write that down . 
  this is called the < that 's a mountain , dummy  mountain range !, 
  we 're the seventh biggest fucking manufacturer in the world !, 
  brazil - a country with over three times the size and population - only took our number 6 spot last year !, 
  ` christ alive ' , ` jesus wept ' or other variables are also acceptable . 
  make the eu have no official first language , but have english as the official second language . 
  boom , problem solved ? 
  i bloody knew it was going to be one of those sarcastic articles . 
  there 's putting your view across and there 's being a right snarky bastard . 
   on the other hand , when you have massively upvoted comments like `` all yanks are fat fucks '' , `` american accents make my ears bleed '' , `` americans are so fucking stupid '' , etc. 
  ( and i 'm not paraphrasing here ) links , please ? 
  did i say it did ? 
  i said they were the largest demographic . 
  where did i say they were a majority ? 
  and ? 
  that still makes them the largest demographic . 
   then you 're fucking deluded . 
  oooh , good way to start . 
  that 'll really bring me around . 
   when news broke that canada had performed starvation experiments on natives , the first thing redditors could think of was how they could drag america into the discussion so their precious canada would n't look so bad in comparison . 
  1 , have you got a link to this , and 2 , how many of those were made by europeans and not americans / canadians ? 
  on that note , using ` redditors ' there is quite funny , since americans make up the largest demographic on this site .
