  also , 5ooml ** is not a pint ** . 
  this is nothing to do with national pride or tradition ( although that might come into my liking of the word - centimetres are too cold and clinical for stuff like pub drinks ) it 's basic maths . 
  a pint is 568ml , and if i ask for a pint that 's the amount i expect ( accounting for a certain degree of error , of course ) . 
  comprende ? 
   but milk and everything else should be sold in metric quantities , it 's ridiculous to keep imperial units for these . 
  because ... ? 
   national pride and tradition are important cultural aspects , but being rational is above all . 
  yeah , you should try it sometime . 
   seriously , a pint being smaller does n't automaticly mean that beer gets more expensive well it does , if you you pay for a pint but get less than a pint ( as you 're advocating ) . 
  you 're being charged the same for less . 
   also if i gave you a glass with beer in it , you would n't be able to tell me if its 500ml or 568ml a percentage of error is expected , and taken in good faith that the barkeep is n't intentionally giving people less than they pay for . 
   also words have different meanings , especially old units . 
  even in the uk pint had different meanings before it was standardized . 
  true , but now it is standardised . 
  you ca n't just say ` oh well things are standardized now , but they were n't before so why do n't we just ignore that ? ' !, 
  that 's not how maths or measurements work !, 
  i think i just coughed up a lung in disgust . 
  [ i 'd like to refer everyone to this comment / link storm from the / r/worldnews comments on the article . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/tpvq0/a_german_man_who_alleges_he_was_subjected_to/c4osfui ), 
  that 's not what he 's saying and you know it . 
  nobodies forcing them to speak our language . 
  oh , so not content with forcing a new name on the dear old pint , now you europeans wants to take 68mls of it away as well ? 
  is there no end to your villainy ? 
  edit : seriously though , you 're advocating that we get less for our money , and receive less than what we ask for . 
  who do you think you are ? 
  because it woud n't be a pint glass . 
  it would be a 568 millilitre glass . 
  which is silly . 
  it sounds as clunky and unappealing as two junkyard robots having sex . 
  you might as well ask ` why does it matter if the sausage packet is labelled ` high-fat offal tubes ' ? ', 
  in a similar vein , that woman on the starbucks icon is meant to be a siren . 
  you know , those monsters who used their beautiful looks and addictive songs to lure sailors to their deaths . 
   but you 're probably aware of that and talking tongue-in-cheek . 
  you cracked the code !, 
  so ... when do you think we 'll just go ` screw it ' and declare war on somalia ? 
  no shit ? 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  that 's not the point i was making though . 
  i was making the point that while the uk is now reluctant to be in the eu now , that is not entirely the uks fault . 
  if de gaulle had n't cockblocked our first few entry attempts , think how much more integrated we would be . 
   my res here says that you are my most upboated brit really ? 
  ... why ? 
  we ca n't hope to match the brute force of america , or the zerg-rush tactics of china , so we 'd have to be the specialised , most technologically advanced faction . 
  i have no idea , are we ? 
  i kinda lost hope in that game when i heard about the atrocious amounts of launch dlc , and that the plot involves ` terrorists ' killing every single world leader at once . 
  seriously , what the hell . 
  i could fart a better premise than that . 
  we 've do n't have land borders we can easily hop over . 
  even though , as you rightfully said , other european nations have always been fighting each other , you 've still always been more integrated than us . 
  because you 've got land borders , and people have always hopped back and forth across the borders to trade , make friends , etc etc. 
  actually , we were intially very eager to join . 
  charles de gaulle vetoed our first two attempts though , because he saw us as a threat to french domination . 
  hopefully we 'll be powerful / integrated enough to be a legitimate faction in a futuristic rts . 
  that 's when you know you 've got it made, 
  to be fair , pretty much any contact we 've had with europe for the past couple of thousand years is either them coming here to pillage / conquer us , or us going over there to fight them . 
  what i 'm saying is , there 's a lack of historical brotherhood . 
  oh , were you trying to convey sarcasm ? 
  because , see , you ca n't convey sarcasm purely though text unless you either point it out , or make your text extremely exaggerated . 
  two things : - that last sentence ( ` also you 're ugly and your mother dresses you funny . ' ), 
  is meant to be humorous . 
  you 're pretty much the only person who has n't gotten this . 
  - as far as i 'm aware , this copypasta is aimed at republicans who are against obamacare . 
  if you do n't meet those criteria , then this copypasta is n't addressing you . 
  and for the record , while i will condede essex , the whole ` bad teeth ' thing is unoriginal and [ downright untrue ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/15060097?subjectid=7933596&amp;story_id=15060097 ) . 
  so yeah , calm down , or jog on . 
  it 's not so much ` making fun ' as ` watching horrified ' . 
  like watching a car crash aftermath . 
  you do know what the phrase ` copypasta ' means , right ? 
  i did n't write this . 
  obligatory copypasta  you did n't get mad when the supreme court stopped a legal recount and appointed a president . 
   you did n't get mad when cheney allowed energy company officials to dictate energy policy . 
   you did n't get mad when a covert cia operative got outed . 
   you did n't get mad when the patriot act got passed . 
   you did n't get mad when we illegally invaded a country that posed no threat to us . 
   you did n't get mad when we spent over 600 billion ( and counting ) on said illegal war . 
   you did n't get mad when over 10 billion dollars just disappeared in iraq . 
   you did n't get mad when you saw the abu grahib photos . 
   you did n't get mad when you found out we were torturing people . 
   you did n't get mad when the government was illegally wiretapping americans . 
   you did n't get mad when we did n't catch bin laden . 
   you did n't get mad when you saw the horrible conditions at walter reed . 
   you did n't get mad when we let a major us city drown . 
   you did n't get mad when the deficit hit the trillion dollar mark . 
   you finally got mad when . . when ... wait for it ... when the government decided that people in america deserved the right to see a doctor if they are sick . 
  yes , illegal wars , lies , corruption , torture , stealing your tax dollars to make the rich richer , are all ok with you but helping other americans ... well fuck that . 
  that about right ? 
  you know it is . 
   you people have all lost your fucking minds . 
  you are selfish , greedy , obnoxious , narcissistic , and frankly ... stupid . 
  your pathetic little misspelled protest signs are embarrassing . 
  maybe you ought to find the smart person in your midst and let them make up all the signs , cause man , you look like a bunch of idiots . 
  also you 're ugly and your mother dresses you funny . 
   * europeans * ca n't fathom us aversion to obama 's healthcare reform ftfy, 
  are you trying to suggest something positive about thatcher ? 
  beyond the falklands , she did little good . 
  completely fucking ruined the manufacturing base in the north , not to mention the energy industry ( we now get all our energy from france ) , privatised the rail ( another huge mistake , since it 's inherently a monopoly ) and basicallly copied the reaganomics that have led to the dismantling of the nhs today . 
  do you know any places in belgium that sell sausage rolls , and let you order and pay for them over the internet ? 
  i do n't think you 'd want them sent through british snail mail . 
  ( because if so , i 'm still willing to send them . 
  or maybe you 'd prefer packaged snacks or something , i dunno ),
