  very first sentence :  the days of the british empire are over and holding on to once-strategic territories such as gibraltar are a relic of the past . 
  oh piss right off !, 
  they are british because the people living there wish to remain british !, 
  what , do you honestly think that the people on places like gibraltar and the falklands are being oppressed and forced to be overseas territories , or something ? 
  they 're largely self-sufficient in everything except defence , their taxation powers are devolved ( so london has little to no say on the matter ) and they 're democratic , self-determining places recognised by international law . 
  i 'm am not exaggerating in the slightest when i say : with that attitude , you the sort of person that allows evil to happen . 
  you are ' a right proper bastard ' . 
  i must admit , i giggled a little . 
  it sounds like the headline of a fantasy newspaper . 
  it 's worrying that i can no longer tell if you 're serious or not . 
  germany . 
  mainly because i believe the job opportunities and worker rights are better in germany . 
  plus i enjoy the language , and the food is different enough to be foreign , but close enough to british food to be comfortably familiar . 
  or maybe the netherlands ? 
  i do n't really know much about it , to be honest , but i imagine it 's nice . 
  not france . 
  too many french people . 
  by that logic , since the economy is much larger than in the ( say ) 50s , the employment rate should be much lower , right ? 
  an eternally-growing economy is not sustainable , and its growth and employment are not connected in all ways . 
  they do n't sell a superior product once they 're the sole provider , because they do n't need to . 
  monopolies are never better for the consumer . 
  never . 
  right up until the point where this oligarchy turns against you , because it does n't care about you in the slightest . 
  an oligarchy is detrimental to democracy , a free market and to indeed what we would call a fair way of life . 
  i 'm not exaggerating in the slightest . 
  i , however , see massive problems with the worlds food supply being controlled by a smaller and smaller number of massive , ethically dubious corporations . 
  this has * never * been funny . 
  for the love of god , stop . 
   also there 's the argument that boycotting the entire country turns russians against homosexuals , inciting hatred in an indirect way . 
  `` other countries are boycotting us because we treat these people badly . 
  so let 's treat those people even worse !, 
  what kind of messed up logic is that ? 
  yeah , i 'm not for giving such rights to a dictator . 
  but the more power you have , the more corrupt you 're likely to be . 
  so having those high up in government being watched for wrongdoing by a non-partisan third party seems like an excellent idea . 
  this is partly in response to government attempts on spying into our lives , mind you . 
  if the prime minister does wrong it 's going to cause a lot more damage than the average person , so they should be watched a lot more , right ? 
  surprisingly enough , as long as that included the inner circle of government i 'd sort of be okay with that . 
  probably not how hungary is doing it , but the idea in general , you know ? 
  it would have to go to a third-party that would not be swayed by any political party , mind you . 
  because while it may not affect the coffers directly , the food wasted , roads used getting it to shops only to be rejected , the fuel used in the engines , etc does affect the country in some way or another . 
  liquid rainbow, 
  '' - and in other news , the british empire continues to grow , as - '', 
  very high suicide rate , apparently . 
  but then the only ones who would be able to afford the job would be the rich . 
  this is why being a politician is supposed to pay well in the first place . 
  so that anybody can be one . 
  ignoring the fact that ` low-level ' is relative , flaming is considered to be against the rules of this forum . 
  this forum that is ( again ) privately owned , and therefore under no legal obligations as to free speech . 
  what is your alternative , then ? 
  should we get rid of the downvoting system as well ? 
  because hey , hiding comments that get too many downvotes is against free speech , right ? 
   and especially do n't play the tired `` free speech is just not being put in prison for your opinions '' card . 
  i was n't aware the legal definition is merely a card . 
   free speech does yes cover such things . 
  it 's not a law , it 's a principle . 
  if we 're dealing with the principle , he 's still being a pillock because ` free speech ' does not mean you can say whatever the hell you like without consequences . 
  it is not a magical ` nyer nyer i can call you anything i like and you just have to deal with it ! ', 
  card . 
  oh piss off . 
  reddit is a privately owned thing . 
  free speech does no cover such things . 
  you do n't get a free pass just because it 's the internet . 
  it 's a bit different . 
  while we may not all be on the same page , everyone in europe is pretty much reading from the same book . 
  plus , none of us could do anything military-wise without the others bandying up and smacking them back down . 
  but america ... america is reading a different book entirely . 
  on top of that , you have a military spending and might greater than the next dozen countries combined . 
  you ever have that friend , who you were quite fond of , but were afraid to stop being friends with in case they killed you ? 
  that 's america . 
   it 's all about customers going for the lowest prices . 
  they do n't pay more for ethical businesses , usually , and they have no idea which business is more ethical . 
  first : i believe that you are wildly underestimating the intelligence of consumers . 
  and there are ` ethical business ' stamps on certain products on the market . 
  off the top of my bloody head , fair trade . 
  second : the people who always go for the cheapest no matter what are , predominately , those who are poor . 
  people who are not poor buy more expensive , better products . 
  people who are not poor do not buy 27p tesco loafs . 
  becoming a national of sweatshops helps nobody but those at the top . 
  all the money lines their pockets , while the people work harder and longer for pennies . 
  do n't we still do that ? 
  except you now sell us souvenirs while we 're there ? 
  he 's on * the list * . 
  christ , where do you even start ? 
  i think the * chevauch\u00e9e * s against the french during the hundred years war might qualify ? 
  basically when england adopted the idea of raiding the french countryside , killing and stealing everything and burning down what was left as a long-term strategy . 
  or perhaps it was the slaughtering of the irish ? 
  or maybe it was the stuff we did in india or africa . 
  it all starts to blur together after a while , to be honest . 
  we 're not very nice people . 
   it 's a race to the bottom because economics are global and politics are n't . 
  this is the problem with the world today . 
  it 's essentially politicians allowing corporations to blackmail them into treating their countrymen like serfs . 
  never mind the fact that if they refused to do so , companies willing to be ethical and treat workers right would fill the gap , as the market should . 
  no , let 's act like china . 
  question : what exactly is wrong with using drones that are essentially just flying cameras ? 
  is n't that just a natural replacement for police helicopters ? 
  a cheaper , more efficient one at that ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  it 's still meaningless , because people do n't suddenly change what country and culture they grew up in when they expat .
