french , english with intentionally incomprehensible accent , either is good . 
  being an insulting prick is like being drunk - it transcends all languages . 
  depends . 
  post a vocaroo of you saying it . 
  i swear to fucking god if it was scrap metal merchants that did it ... 
  oh , so that 's where the idea of the white flag of surrender comes from ? 
  that 's really interesting !, 
  but , but ** that 's not how timezones work !, 
  ** you ca n't just draw timezones and then arbitrarily make them curve around us like that !, 
  serious question : what would the repercussions be if sweden captured the sub ? 
  yeah , bloody governments , not declaring war on each other at the drop of a hat !, 
  weaklings !, 
   one group took advantage of a religious conviction of the other group and there you go again !, 
  they did n't ` take advantage ' of the other group by becoming moneylenders , that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's just that christians did n't become moneylenders for religious reasons . 
  that 's like saying non-hindu slaughter-men ` take advantage ' of hindus by killing cows . 
   they became so hated for their money lending practices yeah , fucking jews , lending money and then demanding that contracts be followed , amirite ? 
  / s they were hated because they were othered . 
  they were n't accused of poisoning wells and near-habitually lynched because people disapproved of interest rates . 
   the only jobs they can do are the high paying ones ? 
  that 's convenient , you 'd probably believe anything . 
  that 's not what i said , but ** good try , champ !, 
  gold star !, 
  ** the reason jewish people ( i 'm using ` in america ' here as its the most obvious example , but this is pretty true everywhere ) went into things like finance and acting ( especially in the first half of the 20th century , with the rise of hollywood ) is that they were actively discriminated against in other areas . 
  hell , jews have worked in finance for literally millennia !, 
  we 're talking since biblical times . 
  other people did n't get into banking and money lending because of their religious beliefs , so jews ( who had no such qualms ) filled the gap . 
  and what do they get for it ? 
  thought of as money-grubbing , well-poisoning destroyers of civilisation . 
  non-jews actively discriminate against them , so the few jobs jews can make headway in are things like finance and acting . 
  and when the jews succeed in these fields , non-jews use it to other them and say it 's proof of a conspiracy !, 
  they just ca n't bloody win !, 
  aah , well then . 
  i 'd just heard somewhere that while norway was against the death penalty , a special case had been made for quisling . 
  they startle easily , too, 
  as i understand it , norway reinstated it 's death penalty , executed him , and then abolished it again . 
  all fair and legal . 
  i can see it . 
  russian troops sweeping through europe . 
  all hope seems lost as they tear a path through berlin . 
  but once they reach the reichstag , the roof bursts off and out steps merkel in a metal gear bagger . 
  and even if that gets destroyed , it turns out she has nanomachines ( son ) !, 
  to be honest , i keep expecting merkel to have the combat abilities of a metal gear solid / rising boss . 
  would n't be surprised if she pulled off a rules of nature . 
  dammit i missed the idiot !, 
  what did he say ? 
  i 've heard an interpretation that says the quote is n't specifically against homosexuality , but treating your partner without due respect - as you would a woman in a sexist society , you see . 
  to be fair , everyone outside of paris thinks that . 
  everyone inside it as well , really . 
  debit cards are great . 
  i do n't really like carrying cash because i end up spending little amounts on paltry items ( snacks and such ) all throughout the day, 
  question !, 
  does germany not have debit cards ? 
  i believe he was referring to the native americans, 
  question !, 
  theoretically , what should we do if we do believe someone to be a potential shill ? 
  christ , that was a thing in germany too ? 
  kids are messed up . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm understanding why everyone is suddenly liking us . 
  we 've spent the last couple of thousand years either killing you all or making you kill each other so we can benefit . 
  plus we invented jeremy kyle . 
  so what the heck , people . 
  ... but why ? 
  what have we ever done for you , denmark ? 
  who would be the freys , in this increasingly convoluted metaphor ? 
  wow , you hear that ? 
  ... it 's the world 's smallest violin . 
  not everything is about you , america . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  one on the one hand , with such a large labour base gone it could lead to an indefinite conservative majority . 
  on the other hand , scotland leaving could lead to the uk becoming more left-wing , simply because the conservative party loses all popularity and implodes into smaller factions . 
  think about it . 
  scotland leaving under a tory government ? 
  cameron would be the king that lost the north, 
  you jest , but i wish we did n't judge our politicians on that, 
  except that 's bullshit . 
  they were incompetents who tried to actively delete reports on the abuse and coerce victims into not going ahead with prosecution . 
  we know this . 
  the ` we did n't want to appear racist ! ', 
  thing is just an attempt to cover their arses , because they knew tabloids would jump for joy and eat it up . 
  it 's not their fault they did n't stop those kids being raped , oh no . 
  it was the evil oppressive pc brigade !, 
  they made us do nothing , honest !, 
  yes , because it 's the left that led to ` political correctness ' meaning ` you ca n't stop non-whites from raping kids ' . 
  goddamn left , with their ` pc gorn maaad ' stories every other day !, 
  ruining this country !, 
  last time i checked , it was n't the guardian that drove a transgender teacher to suicide . 
  or * literally supported the nazis * . 
  possibly a local thing . 
  it 's either that or swindon . 
  definitely milton keynes . 
  the town layout was designed from the get-go to be efficient and pleasant to live in . 
  which is hilarious , because it 's instead become the nightmare town from which all awful , rainy weekends away are born . 
  in general , the worst town in britain is always the next one on from yours . 
  until you and any friends from there meet someone from the next next one , then you both gang up on their town . 
  almost certainly , but you understand the underlying sentiment , yes ? 
  russia covertly instigating a conflict and then acting as peacekeepers to carry away a piece of the ukraine ` as a compromise ' just does n't sit right with me . 
  fuck that . 
  if someone wants to burn your house down , and then later goes ` okay , let 's compromise , how about just one room ? ', 
  do you say yes ?
