  i think my eyes are bleeding in protest . 
  edit : and all of these points seem incredibly trivial , or things that we were pretty much doing anyway . 
  i mean for gods sake , cheaper flights ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm not sure if ` it costs a little less to fly to somewhere in europe ' is worth giving up sovereignty for . 
  i agree , but at the same time we 'll just be trading one overriding influence for another . 
  in this case , trading american influence for one that thinks bridges are a nice thing to put on bank notes . 
  pretty much . 
  the situation is n't unlike a man signing up for a free magazine , then finding out he 's actually bought a house . 
  or something to that effect . 
  my analogies are n't that great today . 
   two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  the fact that what you 're admitting that what they 've done is wrong ( and are letting it slide ) aside , i think the phrase you 're looking for is ` do as i say and not as i do ' . 
   cameron was the only one that did n't have the balls to put national pride and isolationist opinion at home away for this summit yeah , how dare he not rally against his nations interests and take that big fat european cock !, 
  what an asshole !, 
  let me spell it out for you : a financial transaction tax will deeply hurt britain . 
  it will be a knee-shot to its economy . 
  you think he 's willingly going to agree to ruin his own fucking country ? 
  that 's a lot of spin you 've got there , but can i see your facts ? 
  also , so you think that bad ideas  no ideas ? 
  and to be more specific , the ratio of those two things . 
  britain seems to be going entirely for the former at the moment . 
  typical german . 
  thinks that if someone is n't sucking his cock , they must be sucking someone else 's . 
  / a joke . 
  or is it ? 
  the whole situation just leaves me ( and i imagine many others ) feeling a bit like the judean peoples front . 
  what has the eu ever done for us ? 
  when men have no more words , they reach for their swords . 
  i 'm liking the ` who do you think eu are ? ', 
  sun headline they 've linked in there . 
  so is that why they 're not passing the things through parliament ? 
  because they know it will be killed there ? 
  if they 're sure it will pass , they should n't have any objections to passing it through . 
  i 'm talking about the whole ` oh those leaders are n't asking their parliaments because they do n't feel like asking beforehand !, 
  they know what they 'll say anyway , so why does it matter ? ', 
  balls to that , says i !, 
  even if you 99 % know what the answer will be , you should still ask . 
  it 's called due bloody process . 
  anything else is undemocratic . 
  yes , because ` not wanting to have a blue and gold starred dick jammed up their arse ' equals ` failed state ' . 
  eee-yup . 
   it 's just that the governments are confident that their parliaments will agree so they do n't feel like asking beforehand . 
  and that is how dictators come into power , and how liberty dies . 
   it 's essentially like being liberated from a domestic oppressor by an outside force i know what you 're trying to say , but do n't use the line ` liberated from an oppressor ' when talking about the eu taking over the uk . 
  because i will then call you a stupid fuck and the equivalent of ` we 're gon na free the shit outta you !!! ', 
  americans . 
   what influence do most british people see them having in european politics ? 
  pretty much nil . 
  what we 've seen from the eurozone crisis has massively reinforced the perception ( and reality ? ), 
  that the eu has a huge democratic deficit . 
  has it been the eu parliament voting and debating on how the issue is to be solved ? 
  nope . 
  its all been effectively bilateral negotiations between france and germany . 
  this . 
  we 're just not seeing or hearing any benefits from the eu . 
  what we 're seeing and hearing is france and germany running the show , and sovereignty-squashing demands coming from brussels . 
  i notice this article mentions greece and italy having their leaders replaced by technocrats . 
  lots of articles ( and people on reddit ) say this is true , but an equally large number of people on reddit say it is n't . 
  so which is it ? 
  if that 's not a lot , then what is ? 
  because from where i 'm standing , 115 billion is a lot of money . 
  what , like blair ? 
  aah , well , that explains everything !, 
  so much for german efficiency , eh ? 
  / a joke, 
   right well , at least you 're honest  but saving the euro is n't detrimental to the uk ` saving the euro ' and ` trying to stop something that 's against our interests ' are not mutually exclusive . 
   it 's refused to participate in any way with the eu for the last decade or so piss right off . 
  to say that the uk has not participated or done anything in the eu is , to put it bluntly , fucking lunatic . 
  you seem to have confused ` doing things ' with ` following germany / france ' . 
   being active means taking more of a role than just waiting for everyone else to suggest a possible course of action and then going `` but it 's baaaaad for us !, 
  you 're stealing our sovereignty '' . 
  so we 're not allowed to point out when something is a bad idea ? 
  wow , talk about a union of yes men !, 
  so trying to stop something that would detrimental to the uk is n't being active ? 
  does it only count as ` being active ' if we mindlessly go along with what everyone else is doing ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  he 's been a great mayor of london so far , as far as i 'm aware . 
  he 's very good at his job . 
  or to clarify , why is the very idea on the table ? 
  if they 've no reason to hurt the uk economy , why is an idea which will 100 % do such ( and everyone knows it ) even been considered ? 
  why is it not being dismissed out of hand ? 
   true , but they have no reason to hurt the uk economy like that ** then why are they doing it ? 
  ** ( or to clarify , why is the very idea on the table ? ), 
   and it would have been a financial boon to the uk banking sector for the years previously thanks to the removal of the currency barrier . 
  that 's very debatable . 
  no , i think he was just using those words because only london is affected directly . 
  the rest of britain is affected indirectly , because it 's affected by what would happen to london in this one instance . 
  oh , but i think you do . 
  it 's funny how trying to stop something that 's against our interests is called ` obstructionist ' . 
  should we just bend over and take everything europe tells us ? 
  is that what you expect of us ? 
   for the good of all . 
  :d for the good of everyone that is n't us , you mean . 
  he 's a lot smarter than he lets on . 
  i can understand why some are musing that he 'll be the next prime minister . 
  which would be fantastic , if just for entertainment value . 
  london 's interests are britain 's interests . 
  upcoming eu changes will massively harm the large banking sector of london , which creates a huge amount of money for britain . 
  why is anyone surprised that cameron is n't going to support something that is against our nations interests ?
