  better nhs . 
  lower / non-existent tuition fees ( as compared to south of the border , with rates of up to # 12,000 a year and climbing ) , better public transport , etc etc. 
  and due to the west lothian question , scottish ministers ( and welsh and n irish , but that 's beside the point ) can vote on english matters while we ca n't vote on theirs . 
  they seem to have everything better than us , and politically hold power over us , yet there seems to be a lot of whining about ` big bad oppressive england ' , and it 's seems to be beginning to piss people off . 
  it 's like the snp wants to have their cake and eat it too . 
  alternatively , we 'll get an insane right wing running the show ala the gop . 
  are you kidding ? 
  become like the us socially ? 
  with their massive political corruption , corporate money , and general ` fuck you i got mine ' attitude of their right wing ? 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  i 'm sorry , i know there are many , many decent americans , who i have no qualm with . 
  but the last thing we need in europe is that socially-cancerous us republican attitude . 
  after all , there are no poor in america . 
  just temporarily embarrassed millionaires . 
  i thought it was widely believed in america that europe was a country , and they all spoke french there ? 
   do you think europe will be majority muslim in a century , with corresponding changes to european culture ? 
  what ? 
  sod off . 
  stop watching fox news . 
  seriously . 
  ~ ~ holy ~ ~ wholly ~ ~ roman ~ ~ german empire, 
  did n't the nork coach say he had a tiny phone invisible to the naked eye , that he was relaying orders direct from dear leader from ? 
  they 're a bunch of crazies . 
  hey , it 's not our fault the german secret service was basically run by london . 
  they were just incompetent . 
   which is part of why we let them guns as opposed to say the uk hey , do n't drag us into this . 
  and you 're wrong , by the way . 
  our standard police officers do n't carry firearms not because we do n't trust them , but because we use a specialised firearms units . 
  in fact , when polled the majority of police officers do n't wish to carry a gun . 
  so do n't try to misrepresent my country to support your arguments . 
  france has always used the eu to put its farmers on an unassailable pedestal . 
  good to see that not happening . 
  what ? 
  that 's exactly what i 'm railing against !, 
  you ca n't force an identity upon people , especially those who are content with the one they have !, 
  if the eu wants to get anywhere , it has to convince the people to support it . 
  problem is though , how do we solve this problem ? 
  nowadays we ca n't just conquer other people , and no matter how you slice it you ca n't force others to be your friends . 
  ~ ~ especially if they 're french ~ ~ . 
  i 'd wager that following the us system and just throwing prisoners into a free-for-all of gang violence and rape is far easier than trying to rehabilitate them . 
  eat the rich . 
  true , but you get the idea ? 
   hundreds of millions are spent on more or less direct pr ( opaganda ) i have n't seen a single thing . 
  which is a shame , really . 
  just put some signs on billboards or the side of buses , parodying the ` what have the romans ever done for us ? ', 
  scene in life of brian , and you 'll have most of us on side . 
  what the eu needs - i mean really , really needs - is better pr . 
  yeah , fuck them and their differing opinions !, 
  we should always unconditionally believe in the righteousness of the eu !, 
  surely , it will last a thousand ye - no , no . 
   i 've heard fellow americans gripe that the only reason europeans can afford social democracies with programs like national health is because american taxpayers foot most of their defense bills so do they think that having those things is n't ` normal ' of a country with a decent military ? 
   would tensions between the us and eu ( e.g. , trade wars , conflicts over military policy ) increase , or are we best friends forever regardless of nato ? 
  they 'd probably increase , because america is a shitty neighbour . 
  you threaten countries that you do n't have forces in , and the ones you do you treat like crap . 
  he looks like goddamn vamp from metal gear solid /, 
  god , and people say brits have alcohol prolems, 
  a litre is far too big for a single drink . 
  does it come in a bucket ? 
  which means what , exactly ? 
  it 's funny how only we have a specific phrase like that . 
  it 's as if every other country does n't act sub rosa . 
   metres do n't have any specific qualities , like taste . 
  * whoosh *  we are not genetically engineered to consume litres , pints , or any other units of measurement . 
  you learned to buy your milk in pints , but this does n't have any specific advantages . 
  neither does buying it in litres . 
  you just want to force us onto metric . 
   i beg to differ . 
  something that feeds deviant tendancies , that would lead someone to criminal acts i 'd argue you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  the people with those tendencies would have a release that does n't hurt anyone , and thus would be less likely to try and feed those urges in the real world . 
  ** oh boy , here we go **, 
   this still does n't make any sense . 
  you do n't answer why you absolutely , positively need a glass that might contain a few ml more . 
  not to mention that the new pint glass could be 600 ml , as i wrote above . 
  because 568ml is a pint !, 
  let me try put it this way . 
   me : `` if i ask for a metre , i expect 100cm ''  you : `` why do n't you just have 85cm in your metre , like the rest of us ? '', 
   me : `` but that 's not a metre ! '', 
   you : `` does that extra 15cm really matter ? 
  it does n't improve the taste !, 
  besides , you could have 115cm in your metre , if you wanted ''  me : `` that 's still not a metre ! '', 
  and everything you say boils down to this :  you want a pint ? 
  too bad , 500ml , fuck you also  for example , the cost of packaging would be lower , because manufacturers would n't make different packages for different markets . 
  do n't pretend you care about that , or any of the other ` benefits ' of standardisation . 
  do n't pretend you 're advocating it because you want to do something nice for us . 
   tell me something : do you think that other nations are incapable of crafting or enjoying beer , because they do n't sell them in pints ? 
  you can piss off with that line  first , it 's impossible to get an exact pint anyway . 
  you ca n't fill a glass all the way up , and you 'll always have some foam . 
  a certain percentage of error is to be expected , and accounted for . 
  what you 've said applies to 500ml drinks just as much . 
   second , in a blind test you would n't be able to tell the difference . 
  sit down , take your time , tell me afterwards if you could tell a few ml apart . 
  irrelevent . 
  if i ask for a pint , i expect a pint . 
  again , a percentage of error is expected . 
   third , you consume beer , not glasses . 
  measuring in pints does not improve your experience or the taste of your drink . 
  neither does having it in a 500ml glass . 
  you seem to all think that that 's somehow ` better ' , when i have n't seen a single decent argument for it . 
   just name the 568ml glass as `` the pint glass '' , and that 's all that 's what i was saying !, 
  christ on a bike , some people !,
