  the brits are out of control and are going to have a rude awakening !, 
  tl ; dr jog on , mate . 
  i thought we would have no power without the eu ? 
  now us leaving would make it all fall to pieces ? 
  getting mixed signals here . 
  saying shit like this  excuse me buddy , but you do n't want to be in eu right ? 
  why should we treat you differently than let 's say china or south korea ? 
  is blackmail . 
  you 're using threats to try sway me to your side of the argument . 
  i take it you 'll treat other nations that are n't completely in the eu , like norway and switzerland , the same ? 
  watch my bloody chops , ` buddy ' . 
  blackmail will get you nowhere . 
  we already have that with europe . 
  we do n't need to be ruled by europe for that . 
  the uk and france became friends before even ww1 . 
  entente cordiale and all that . 
  and we only joined in both wars because you guys started invading and fighting each other . 
  that 's not what i said , and you bloody well know it . 
  peace between france and germany is a french / german thing , and has littleto do with us . 
  and what does that have to do with us , pray tell ? 
  we do n't make france or germany go to war . 
  i think that 's more of a german / french thing , rather than anything to do with us . 
  let 's not get into that sort of thing . 
  i 'm just sick of people who say the eu will be ` better for us ' without saying why . 
  maybe you should present the british people with facts , rather than preachy , scaremongering gospel bullshit like  the eu is the future , it is the only solution for the european continent to survive , economically , socially , environmentally and militarily for the next century . 
  just a thought . 
  he kinda does . 
  the tories and ukip go on about how better it would be if we became like norway or switzerland ( if not leaving it entirely ) , but others point out that would be worse for us , since norway has to obey all the rules but does n't have any power in the decisions . 
  having that told to them from a norwegian minister will have larger impact than it from , say , a french of german one . 
  hopefully . 
  you mean because he 's from your side of belgium , surely ? 
  it 's kinda creepy how his eyes never leave the camera . 
  plus his way of speaking gives me a real uncanny valley vibe . 
  that said , it 's not a bad speech . 
  pretty basic , does n't really say anything revolutionary , but again it 's not a bad speech . 
  what 's wrong with using the internet ? 
  it 'd be stupid not to , considering how comp-lit people in europe are and how connected it makes us . 
   eventually dangerously ambiguous word . 
  you could use that to justify anything , really . 
  same with all of europe , arguably . 
  we 're not all on the same page , but we 're all reading from the same book . 
  well , that was embarrassing . 
  how so ? 
  oh piss off . 
  our cuisine is n't disgusting . 
  it may not be fancy looking , but it 's not disgusting . 
  [ example ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/toad_in_the_hole.jpg ) edit : ** not !, 
  i mean not !, 
  it 's not !, 
  not entirely ( since harder drugs like heroin being still around , despite bans , shows that you can never truly get rid of something ) but the alternative is much worse . 
  imagine all the corporate advertising and exposure cigarettes got last century , but for harder drugs . 
  at the very least , i would push for safer cigarettes . 
  if you 're gon na smoke something that has no medical benefits and will cause cancer in you over a certain amount of time , we can at least make sure nobody else has to suffer with you . 
  the way you phrased your question gave the impression that you were suggesting only the flavoured milk caused cancer . 
  but if a link were caused between milk and cancer , then yes , it would be fucking banned !, 
  stuff like alcohol and tobacco are only legal because they 've been around for so long . 
  they 've been grandfathered in . 
   if it would , should there be a law against flavoured milk ? 
  what sort of question is that ? 
  yes !, 
  if a flavoured milk product gave you lung cancer , everyone would ban it !, 
  better yet , some tea seeds . 
  enough for a viable population size . 
  we 'll have none of that alien coffee , no sir !, 
  the union jack . 
  since nobody else will have brought one , we will then plant the flag [ and claim the planet for ourselves ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-plqitfrie ) . 
  little different . 
  milk does n't give you lung cancer , for one . 
  yep , negging . 
  every country has an area they make fun of for being ` scummy ' or something like that . 
  the show ` the only way is essex ' introduced vajazzles into general knowledge . 
  and now you can buy # 1 vajazzleing ( that 's a word now ) in pound shops . 
  it also portrays the people of essex as idiots on a intellectual and cultural level with the cast of jersey shore . 
  so , yeah . 
  hardly downton abbey , is it ? 
  i 'm just personally confirming the ` news reading is users ' favorite pastime ', 
  damn right !, 
  news is awesome !, 
  i read mostly bbc news , but also guardian , daily mail , fox news ( good to see the other side , keeps me in balance ) , huffington post and der spiegel . 
  nope . 
  we also have freedom . 
  and some of us have guns . 
  yeah , you 're not really endearing yourselves to us with that sort of talk . 
  it 's like ... it 's like negging , but with nations . 
   i think that goes hand in hand with what the british public think . 
  however , there seems to be almost a populistic hatred towards the eu in the uk that i do n't quite get i think it may be a nationalist thing . 
  the last time we were conquered was in 1066 . 
  since then , we have never been ruled by a foreign power ( no , william of orange does n't count , we invited him ) so the eu kinda gives off this subconscious ` they 're invading again , but sneakier ! ', 
  vibe . 
  or something , i dunno . 
  maybe we just do n't want to give up our independence streak when we 're so close to the millennium mark . 
  people like abu hamza . 
  previous to this year we 'd been trying to get rid of him for fucking years , but the echr kept saying we could n't . 
  what a host of options we have . 
  be ruled by this thing , or be absorbed and become part of this thing . 
  talk about sophie 's choice . 
  the death of litvinenko still touches our hearts daily . 
  his passing was so sad , that even today all the plants and animals miles around his grave simply die out of grief . 
  is n't everyone ? 
  besides , my opinion of other voters is n't the issue here .
