  does n't the combined military spending of all the eu member states outstrip the us ? 
  meanwhile france is wondering when the country she 's in a torrid love/hate relationship with is coming home . 
  i think you mean that europe should adopt the challenger ii !, 
  the alternative would be for us to donate dorchester armour to the project , and you know what our government 's like with military systems . 
   how they really should have married britain oooh , are we the old flame in this narrative ? 
  what fun !, 
  changed your tune quite fast when it was your country being talked about !, 
   `` haha , i 'm going to die '' is very different from `` haha , the pesky foreigners are going to die '' . 
  indeed . 
  number one rule of comedy is that you always punch up , and not down . 
  here is the new russian , same as the old russian . 
   and a crackdown on local producers ... are you refer to the tea tax , by any chance ? 
  which was a tax decrease and provided product that was better and cheaper than the stuff the smugglers were bringing in ? 
  because if so , yeah , you 've got us there . 
  oh god make it stop, 
   in the uk there seems to be a tradition of seeing an interest in food as pretentious well it sort of is , you know ? 
  i mean , it 's just food . 
  it can be good food , heck it can be great food , but it 's not an art form . 
  looking at you , france and your putting avec on everything !, 
  but good for the soul, 
  the idea that british food is bad , i guess . 
  i think i remember learning somewhere that it originates from the fact that british noble food was not that different from peasant food , compared to , say , france . 
  our nobles ate the same stuff as the peasants , just bigger and better versions of it . 
  none of this goose liver pate soaked in lark tongues or what have you . 
  stay a night in the castle , perhaps ? 
  i 'm on to you !, 
  it 's quite ironic that they would say that , considering that they call everyone who opposes them a nazi . 
  the wealth will trickle down , you mean ? 
  as america ( and china , i suppose ) have shown , it does n't work like that at all . 
  well * yes * , but i 'm not talking about economic growth . 
  america 's economy has been steadily growing for years , corporate profits and the dow are the highest they 've ever been . 
  but income inequality and such are also much worse . 
  i 'm saying that if we did somehow become the biggest european economy due to the choices of osbourne and co , it would n't necessary be a very nice society to live in . 
  if by some act of god we did become the biggest economy in europe , it would n't be a fairer society , like germany or france . 
  we 'd be a little america . 
  a place where the police are british , chefs are italian , the mechanics are german , the lovers are french , the tech support is estonian and it 's all organized by the swiss . 
  make it so the eu has no official first language , but make english the official second language . 
  local diversity and ease of communication , done !, 
   they are almost as nearsighted as the radical leftists who are the real threat who are these radicals that are a threat to our society ? 
   communists okay . 
   socialists socialism is n't a dirty word , pal . 
  it also works when paired with democracy , as most of europe 's social policies will attest . 
   anarchists i assume you mean the bomb throwing kind . 
  okay . 
   feminists lolwat ? 
   environmentalists my sides . 
  the chinese did !, 
  with arrow magazines , no less !, 
  they liked to use poisoned bolts too , because an automatic crossbow is n't bloody deadly enough apparently . 
  red delicious . 
  i do n't think we grow them in this country . 
   and they had nothing to lose . 
  the fascists had chased them from their homeland , across an entire continent , and were possibly getting ready to invade britain , arguably the largest superpower at the time due to the empire . 
  it really must have seemed like an all-or-nothing affair . 
  because the financial crisis , new labour and everything from here to reagan 's trickle down economics has shown that giving more and more money and power to corporations and the rich does not make a better society . 
  who 'd have thought , eh ? 
  now ** there 's ** an ideology that needs to die . 
  i disagree . 
  the true never depends upon a point of view . 
  facts are facts . 
  cool !, 
  we might get a new space race , and hey , it 'd be great if russia had some big event to feel proud over . 
  everyone likes those . 
  can you tell me more about that software , please ? 
  it sounds fascinating , especially with those names . 
  puts me in mind of some sort of sci-fi computer bank . 
  it was literally what was said in the comment above , then . 
  apologies . 
  it is literally what you said in the comment above . 
  giving a voice to the weak is ` bullying ' the strong . 
  right . 
  i do n't really understand this viewpoint . 
  union action is * supposed * to be inconvenient . 
  workers withhold their labour to negotiate for better working conditions . 
  suggesting that unions are bad for causing inconvenience is a joke . 
  that 's like saying `` oh , you 're allowed to protest , but only if you do it in this darkened cellar where no-one will see or hear you '', 
  the sheer balls-to-the-wall military effectiveness of poland can not be overstated, 
   this is the asian century . 
  the us was going to ignore europe in favour of china and the other rapidly advancing asian economies . 
  were n't they saying that all the way back in the 80s ? 
  japan will take over the world , and all that ? 
  it 's that sort of mentality that led to the look of blade runner , for example . 
   i 'm just anxious because of the low growth rate of our economies . 
  compare a tree that grows from 100m to 101m to one that grows from 0.1 m to 0.5 m. 
  the latter 's percentage of growth is much higher , but that does not make the former weak or dying . 
  how long before the daily mail prints a bullshit story about millions of moldovan 's coming to swamp our shores and steal our benefits ? 
  forgive me , but i 'm finding it hard to believe that the entire democratic party started actually cheering . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that that is the specific case used by democrats against the process . 
  ` something that does n't say gays deserve to be murdered ' , probably . 
  who cheered ? 
  are we still on the registry ? 
  i know we stopped showing up to the meetings ages ago , but ... 
  i think that if anyone in the world was allowed to be paranoid of russia , it would be ex-soviet states . 
  it 's a very fantasy sort of thing , is n't it . 
  i would love it for future conflicts to essentially be robot wars with a larger budget . 
  on the other hand , you can argue that it encourages foreign travel ( no more swapping out your money for euros if you want to hop over to poland or wherever ) and also encourages businesses . 
  why wait a decade when you can do that now ? 
  what 's wrong with the eu ? 
  it 's exactly the sort of attitude you 'd want as head of nato . 
  he * gets * the ideals behind it .
