  no big deal . 
  spies talk to their boss all the time, 
  dont these journalists realize that articles like this will stay on the internet forever ? 
  why r they digging their own grave ... 
  this 1.5 % is growth compared to last year , after the imposed capital controls that caused a big slump in growth . 
  we 're not in growth mode , everyone is drowning in taxes and businesses moving out . 
   no one really respects trump ; and yet one after another they bow to him . 
  what are you saying ? 
  you must read too much guardian or the new york times . 
  apocalypse has n't happened yet . 
   could withdraw assange 's extradition request for services rendered . 
  is there such a request ? 
  also , he s not american . 
  is he prosecuted in australia ? 
  not this again . 
  they brought marshal plan etc. 
  we have both , thanks, 
   partially because the real problems in society ar n't caused thats true , they are a minor problem still , but , in a world where growth has stagnated , why would u want more problems ? 
   they must stay out . 
  they can assimilate . 
  but if you do n't ask them to , why would they ? 
  identity politics is not even useful in europe . 
  our identities mostly match our national identities , unlike america . 
  do we really need to import such stuff to europe ? 
  the guy is a phony . 
  do n't read too much into it, 
  he 's not european left . 
  he has gathered a bunch of rich elitist artists and expects to create a movement . 
  his disease is progressing steadily as i see . 
  i m not sure . 
  greek economy is very dependent on eu funds in various forms . 
  and greek people are relatively well educated ( but without work experience ) . 
  they wo n't settle for super-low-wages , they leave the country instead . 
  our agriculture is still dependent on eu subsidies . 
  our research institutions have to rely more and more on eu funding or face closing . 
  and we face huge demographic downsides in the following decades . 
  i know the bailouts are used to serve old debt . 
  you realize that somebody would have to pay that debt though . 
  and greek economy was and still is extremely dependent on euro liquidity and eu subsidies . 
  it 's not so easy to go full argentina on eu / eurozone . 
  nigel is an even bigger attention whore than donald i think . 
  and he s an extremely needy person . 
  you know how this will end , donald will feed him to his piranhas pretty soon . 
  who ? 
  speak , kitten !, 
  mission accomplished i guess , its time to come out of his cage . 
  its more complicated than that . 
  i mean , without help from the eu it would be much worse for greece . 
  by simon nixon nov. 13 , 2016 2:03 p.m. 
  et europe 's antiestablishment politicians have barely been able to contain their excitement at donald trump 's election victory . 
  from france 's marine le pen to hungary 's viktor orban to the u.k. 's nigel farage , they have greeted the u.s. president-elect 's triumph as a validation of their own longstanding opposition to immigration and free trade . 
  with a series of political tests looming in europe over the next year -- starting with next month 's austrian presidential election and italian constitutional referendum and followed by elections in the netherlands , france and germany in 2017 -- european populist parties now sense an opportunity to ride to electoral success on mr. trump 's coat tails . 
  but there is a crucial difference between the u.s. and european situations . 
  the market senses that mr. trump 's win is likely to pave the way for a change in u.s. economic strategy . 
  last week stocks rose and bonds fell as investors bet that his pledges of lower corporate taxes , fewer regulations and more large-scale infrastructure spending would boost company profits and inflation , easing some of the pressure on the fed , which may be able to raise rates sooner and faster than previously expected . 
  in contrast , it is currently hard to see electoral success for populist parties in the eurozone leading to significant change in national economic policies . 
  instead , it is likely to heap further pressure on the european central bank -- perhaps more than it can bear . 
  that is partly because eurozone fiscal rules leave little scope for significant changes in fiscal policy . 
  most eurozone governments are still obliged to continue to bring down deficits and debt levels . 
  those countries that have the fiscal capacity to provide more stimulus are those that need it least : in germany , unemployment is below 6 % and there are signs that rising wages are starting to feed into domestic inflation . 
  meanwhile , those countries with the greatest slack and therefore most at risk of deflation , such as italy and portugal , are those with the least fiscal space . 
  efforts to boost investment via common eu programs such as the so-called juncker plan have so far had little appreciable impact on growth . 
  success for populist parties is also likely to make it even harder for governments to deliver either growth-enhancing domestic overhauls or build a consensus around the overhauls to the governance of the euro area that most economists say are vital to secure its long-term financial stability . 
  indeed , the prospects for deeper eurozone integration appear to be receding as governments have responded to growing euroskeptic pressure by putting new obstacles in the way . 
  for example , the netherlands now has a law requiring the government to hold a referendum on any eu-related legislation if 300,000 voters demand it . 
  this device has already been used to block an eu trade deal with ukraine . 
  similarly , the belgian region of wallonia last month nearly torpedoed the eu 's free-trade deal with canada . 
  so far , ecb action has enabled eurozone governments to duck difficult decisions . 
  but even before mr. trump 's election , it was facing unpalatable choices over how to keep its quantitative-easing program going in the face of a looming scarcity of eligible bonds under its strict self-imposed rules . 
  despite a recent rise in bond yields that has eased immediate scarcity concerns , policy makers know they need to convince markets at a time of global uncertainty that they have the tools to respond to future shocks . 
  they also know that all the possible options involve breaking political , legal and technical taboos , raising the prospect of a political backlash in germany . 
  at the same time , the eurozone faces a series of imminent challenges that could test its cohesion . 
  there is no sign of any resolution to the three-way standoff among berlin , athens and the international monetary fund over debt relief for greece , without which officials fear a new greek crisis is inevitable next year . 
  similarly , rome and brussels are at loggerheads over next year 's italian budget as well as the application of eu rules that may require bondholders in some italian banks to take losses as part of recapitalization exercises . 
  policy makers fear that governments may simply decide to act unilaterally in breach of eu rules rather than pay a domestic price , thereby calling into question the legal premise upon which the ecb has based its actions . 
  even if the eurozone dodges these shocks , policy makers fear trouble ahead if the recovery continues and inflation picks up . 
  the prospect of higher inflation may ease pressure on the fed . 
  but it threatens to make the ecb 's life harder as it will have to choose between stopping quantitative easing -- running the risk that borrowing costs for the most indebted governments could rise sharply -- or tolerating above-target inflation , which could undermine competitiveness and living standards in germany . 
  that could blow political tensions into the open . 
  the reality is that there are some decisions that the eurozone ca n't duck for much longer -- and which may yet have to be confronted just when politicians are least able to respond . 
  i dont want to start conspiracy theories ( i do ) , but i do n't get the trump-farage bromance and i wonder who can be behind both of them . 
  i 've noticed that the pro-trump media have turned pro-lepen now . 
  melania 's family has established close connections i hear  also , follow his money . 
  where in europe has he invested ? 
  he 's takes the prize for the weirdest fetish ever . 
   and trump probably would n't have won the americans ( rightfully ) didnt give much shit for brexit . 
  ok guys , do n't all jump at once !, 
  sorry , where is that number ? 
  come on guys , who wants to pay first ? 
  more technically a republic . 
  but their democracy is admired since the time of alexis de tocqueville . 
  but since we are playing with words , democracy itself is not even about elections : in ancient athens almost all officials were chosen by lot , not elections . 
  tremendous hilter . 
  it 's the best hitler , believe me . 
  yes i agree but it 's fun to ponder what happens in a parallel universe, 
  best by some metrics , sorely lacking in some others , let 's just agree there is no single metric . 
  the question is can america maintain its happy face if it is no longer the only superpower ? 
  i 'm asking that because in america 's competitive culture , winning is revered more than in other countries . 
  interesting that about social cohesion . 
  watching your news feels like you re cosntantly at each other 's throats ,
