  the left no longer has a monopoly . 
  low energy, 
  if they didnt want to fuck the world over , they wouldnt have voted hillary in the state dept. 
  jesus u guys need to stop with the apocalypse visions every time u have an election . 
  it will be mostly fine . 
  does it make much of a difference ? 
  # [ make american grate again ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/8b/18/de/8b18de8ae8a4f5313f0eb93fe2b82e0a.jpg ), 
  global warming, 
  not enough energy . 
  the eu has failed miserably to communicate any policy to the refugees . 
  we need a strong leader with a coherent policy to explain eu 's terms and conditions for accepting refugees . 
  no more meetings and explanations after-the-fact . 
  if we accept that all our borders are open to people who are obviously not in pressing need ( but use refugee status as a loophole to reconnect with relatives ) , they why do n't we open our borders for americans , australians , indians ? 
  why would they leave such a sunny country for the grim north ? 
  do the charitable thing . 
  give them free tickets to iraq, 
  funny with your flair ; are you enjoying those other people 's stolen taxes up in finland ? 
  you know what , i remembered he 's already busy advising the labours in uk ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/29/yanis-varoufakis-advising-labour-jeremy-corbyn-reveals ) . 
  whoever has him , please keep him . 
  if he s so good , please take him . 
  it 's on the house . 
  the more the eu is distancing itself from turkey , the more ruthless he will become . 
  why does n't the eu throw turkey a bone with regards to accession ? 
  eu officials do not communicate what needs to be done to the turkish people . 
  it would solve a lot of problems , and probably render his populist rhetoric useless . 
  we are comfortable with receiving millions of immigrants of questionable civility , yet we keep firm on keeping turkey out . 
  his job is to represent us . 
  he does n't , and he shouldnt interfere with other countries ' business . 
  and by the way , elected my ass . 
  now i find your comment wholly offensive . 
   in the interest of the eu is a victory of clinton whaaaaaaaaaaaat did i just read ?? 
   if this tweet informed american voters in informal way , which choice would be better for transatlantic relations , then he did his job . 
  just like obama did well to tell the british to vote bremain , right ? 
  and , that 's his job ????? 
   having an opinion based on facts is different than racism . 
  that 's the typical stupid justification for being racist . 
  none of what you write is defensible . 
  no that 's not the reason . 
  his statement is insulting , as he is not just speaking for himself but also for the eu . 
  he should not interfere in us elections . 
  so i 'm saying , if he thinks only one donald can be , then he has to go first . 
  you should not make assumptions about one 's opinions based on nationality.i 'm sure you are not a racist , but that 's how racism works . 
  the most spammy word since spam, 
  dont they get it that every time they spell `` brexit '' the gbp falls ? 
  watch : brexit brexit brexit brexit, 
  do you have something similar for computers ? 
   not necessarily if you look at the context of your statement - greece 's debt caused by independent government 's actions . 
  wtf ? 
  are you hallucinating ? 
  irrelevant, 
  how to fix it ? 
  and can foreign powers help with that ? 
   but in the polling booth they 'll get their revenge for every shit 3rd wave feminists have said recently , and vote for trump with a smirk on their face . 
  how true . 
  it 's astounding how the democrats let hillary turn the entire campaign to a feminist rally , pretending that everything else is doing great in america [ 1 ] . 
  not that i expected more from such an incopetent person , but the democrats have a ton of human capital in their ranks . 
  1 . https://www.wired.com/2016/10/president-obama-guest-edits-wired-essay/, 
  i ll explain very simply , maybe u can understand : refugees are caused by war . 
  if you stop the war , refugees stop too . 
  get it ? 
  oh what a surprise . 
  without the eu we are fuuuuucked, 
  what is it called when half a country has cognitive dissonance ? 
  not at all . 
  saudi is up to 40 % immigrants . 
  diversity !, 
  : indian : 1.3 million , pakistani : 1.5 million , [ 327 ] egyptian : 900,000 , yemeni : 800,000 , bangladeshi : 500,000 , filipino : 500,000 , jordanian/palestinian : 260,000 , indonesian : 250,000 , sri lankan : 350,000 , sudanese : 250,000 , syrian : 100,000 and turkish : 100,000 . 
   afghanistan would n't be more diverse than the us though saudi arabia then . 
  tell them u come from hillary, 
  right . 
  then it 's time for you to go , unelected donald . 
  agree , we should ban farting in public . 
  as if you can define freedom, 
  some of us are ruthless . 
  wan na pay our debts instead of germany ? 
  it also sounds weird because germans i know are reasonably polite . 
  and you consider yourself the average typical pole ? 
  on the one hand , this is to me a fringe and inconsequential freedom that is not worth defending . 
  on the other hand , the writers of charlie hebdo would probably be making fun of their posthumous hashtag , so i will agree with you . 
  so they are even taking advantage of almost zero interest rates to pay their dividends cheaply . 
   well apple accounts for paying 25 % us corporation tax on its entire cash pile in its annual statements irrelevant, 
  i find it disrespectful tbh, 
  probably because the beds are shaking, 
  europeans have a very indirect and limited view of american elections , i.e. 
  the local media just repeat whatever cnn says . 
  i m not american , but i support trump . 
  why would i want hillary ? 
  the mediterranean is full with bodies of refugees . 
  maybe , if u re a homeless person . 
   nonsense , illiterate ranting . 
  it 's just delayed tax , it 's not actually avoided . 
  hold on there . 
  when did google or apple ever repatriate their foreign stash of money ? 
  they keep it there until the find a good foreign company to snatch . 
  it 's a sweet deal . 
  delayed tax ? 
  thats a myth you made up there . 
  they will never repatriate and be taxed on a single dollar , unless donald gives them an equal tax holiday . 
  it 's nice that irl has found a loophole and takes advantage of it , but dont pretend it 's not a loophole . 
  come on , he s a fencer,
