  it s a prestige thing . 
  social status via charity is mainly an anglosphere thing . 
  the arabs are trailing behind for status . 
  you do n't often hear about german charity figures . 
  and trump is waiting for his brexit, 
  they do . 
  it 's called `` foreign movies '', 
  it would be hard to frame a genocide in positive light , would n't it ? 
  trump too, 
  you always have to include the western photographer/doctor etc. 
  its impossible to sell to western audiences otherwise . 
  this is really sad . 
  the movie trailer looks average . 
  but in a way that excludes what is locally popular or ephemeral . 
  they are not measuring fame , but rather `` global impact on cultural production '' . 
   the pantheon 1.0 data was curated by the creators of pantheon and gathers information on the 11,341 biographies that have presence in more than 25 languages in the wikipedia ( as of may 2013 ) . 
  we talk a lot , so our score should be doubled . 
  i am actually enjoying the lower gbp when i shop from ebay uk . 
  say what u will , we do n't have that rocket . 
  ayeah , then i change it to `` survivors of democracy '', 
  yes and a new french revolution probably . 
   all the time in the world for your family i think part of the process is to automate family life too . 
  ca n't you guys argue in more civil way ? 
  anyway i wonder if factory workers are considered middle class in china . 
   because they 're being automated . 
  that is tautological . 
  nope , because western economies chose to move labour-intensive jobs elsewhere ( and keep them there until they die ), 
  retail started being replaced 20 y ago . 
  transportation hasnt even started . 
  services ? 
  that 's a very broad term , but i dont see e.g. 
  legal services going away easily . 
  so much talk about robots these days , yet i see no robots . 
  these people must know something terrible that i do n't, 
  must be the weather, 
  i wish to claim the invention of the term `` victims of democracy '', 
  it 's hard and dirty mmmm, 
  it 's purely because we are eco-conscious . 
  hollande is still an idiot . 
  in other news water is still wet . 
  the russians / s, 
  yup !, 
  top news from greece : - tv station licences given under a disputed law - a top judge had a relationship with a married woman - house auctions are impossible because protestors disrupt them . 
  we eat referenda . 
  unless the eu invents a new internet ( really , why do n't we ? 
  ) , this ruling can not be applied, 
  you 're describing what happens in the heads of people when they hear things like that . 
  it must be really hard for you to accept that people have feelings . 
  and you also use the german media ( known as partial to promoting `` merkel 's truth '' ( e.g. 
  koln sex attacks ) ) as some kind of objective standard . 
  weaker cultures always assimilate over time , the problem is how to avoid the conflict in the meantime . 
  it 's his prerogative to do that . 
  the problem is that eu is doing almost nothing to control its own borders . 
  let 's stop hiding the elephant in theroom . 
   more people die from drowning in pools than from terrorist attacks here is the thing though , when a phone systematically explodes ( with small probability ) , or an airplane systematically falls ( with infinitesimally small probability ) people will try to fix the phone or the airplane . 
  they wo n't dismiss it because `` airplanes are awesome '' . 
  fear is evolutionary . 
  knowing of a potential danger and doing nothing about it is the dumbest thing ever . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/@35.3381748,25.1361375,3a,75y,178.11h,98.13t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s9n3pwmsjpgms-uqaqy31aw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) . 
  but it 's fake , it 's a photoshopped joke from last year : http://www.matrix24.gr/2015/12/iraklio-parti-sto-facebook-me-ton-christougenniatiko-stolismo/, 
  maybe they should be transparent about the contents of the meetings instead of exchanging insults . 
  boris is a joke , but eurocrats should n't pretend that they have some high moral ground . 
  i dont see whats the big difference , it was progressing glacially anyway . 
  i think they just want to make porn sexy again . 
  i mean , taboo makes people horny . 
  actually it is sustainable for at least a decade . 
  greece has no business plan at the moment . 
  if it gets one yesterday , it will take more than a decade to implement and for greece to find its place in the globalized puzzle . 
  it 's a sad situation , but better than the alternative . 
  the country and its debt will be held in life support until europe becomes a proper fiscal union , at which point our debt will be dissolved . 
  the plan here is perpetual can-kicking , as long as the markets and banks are well isolated . 
  we 've rendered ourselves irrelevant here . 
  if i had a cent for every time we heard of `` critical '' negotiations , i would rescue greece with my taxes alone . 
  you 're decontextualizing . 
  author is correct that democracy is not just voting . 
  my point exactly, 
  a bunch of rich egotistical bastards . 
  some of them not european , most of them members of the `` international jet set '' . 
  they would n't mind using europe as a test subject , because they do n't depend on it . 
  that would be racist . 
  call me when he does that . 
  there is only 1 tweet from trump in the list , from 2013 , this : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/325982969040879620?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw '' @coachclintswan tell me , what were they doing in the park , playing checkers ? '', 
  there are no other twits in the list . 
  the rest is the msm rambling about other stuff or twits that he has deleted , or dismissed or apologized about . 
  if anything this list weakens the case for trump 's racism . 
  i find the list useful though , thanks, 
  here is a current elite who wants to democratize europe : https://diem25.org/cc/ eu is not yet a `` people 's union '' , it 's an intellectual , elite super-institution . 
  i believe our future lies in federalism , not some kind of `` end of nationalities '' . 
  i do like the election by sortition idea ( as an experiment ) . 
  [ citation needed ] for those tweets . 
  you can also use anything on his speeches , his debate answer etc etc. 
  the fud about racism was largely made-up by the media , and it was resoundingly rejected by half the us voters . 
  you seem to have made up your mind , personally i still have many doubts about it . 
  i wonder , if hitler had not not existed , who would be used in place of his name , to denote the most universaly deplorable person in human history ? 
  the most `` racist '' idea in trump 's program is building a wall in the southern border to keep out illegal immigrants . 
  there was no `` aryan '' or white supremacy , or deportation of legal immigrants , even though the msm heavily invested on making him look like that . 
  i 'm not here to defend trump , but his rhetoric was heavily about economics , not race / gender / sexual orientation . 
  just because he did not play the identity politics card does not make him hitler . 
  if you think the msm did a good job at portraying his positions , then that 's your prerogative , but if their potrayal of the electorate is an example , you would be probably wrong . 
  i think the focus on his `` racism '' will distract from his other policies that may be dangerous for europe , ( like nato for example ) .
