  the giant map sounds like a good deal . 
  how are they radical ? 
  didnt know that . 
  it seems he has the image of some nationalistic hero . 
  they didnt turn that to a movie , though :(, 
  i dont think it 's a question of how far we should push . 
  globalization is not gon na stop until it reaches its goal . 
  brexit and trump may be puzzling but are they anti-globalization ? 
  the brits seem , if anything , to want * more * globalization , so they can make better deals with countries around the world , unhampered by eu terms and regulations . 
  as for trump , a businessman who knows the benefits of globalization , he 's looking to deregulate the us internal market while bringing back jobs - i.e. 
  to import the wages of china and mexico to the us . 
  as for the environmental cost , i have the opposite opinion . 
  without free trade the goods would have to discover far more intricate routes , like vasco da gama did with india . 
  offer asylum to gulen-supporters, 
  maybe equally hated then ? 
  you make him more popular in turkey though . 
  and they will let this pass again . 
  the more you do n't confront the guy , the more popular/ist he becomes . 
  makes me wander too, 
   we can have more globalization and protect local economies at the same time that sounds like we ca n't have either . 
  he also said they are going to make a colossal success . 
  colossus is destroyed, 
  why ? 
  my guess is they will fight about who ( tories-labours ) is going to be more pro-brexit ; brexit is popular now , things have changed, 
   i would like to start a forum in which everybody can use his/her native language . 
  not sure about this at all . 
  my experience from multilingual tech support forums is bad . 
  english is our de facto lingua franca in europe , why not accept it . 
  in fact , with the uk gone , its now an nationally-neutral language for the eu . 
  i find that in the past decade the british tend to exaggerate their local accent variations in the media , abandoning the `` standard british '' accent . 
  anecdotally , it 's the british who have that issue . 
  americans are much better at talking simply unambiguously ( probably because of immiigrant past ) . 
  i can e.g. 
  follow american tv with almost 100 % accuracy , while british shows are often hit or miss ( especially with their perpetual irony ) . 
  the worst group among them are british teenagers . 
  their slang is almost impenetrable . 
   it is n't manipulation , a group of people want something , and you arm them jesus christ what did i read . 
  are you a minor ? 
  reddit requires us to report minors using it . 
   or is there good terrorism and bad terrorism ? 
  of course there is good and bad . 
  `` good for us '' and `` bad for us '' . 
  we omit the `` terrorist '' suffix in the first case . 
  fair that he would be punished , but what i do n't get is why every time this happens they need to repent and apologize . 
  would they do that if they insulted christians ? 
  [ edit : thanks for the downvotes , i wonder if you think the monty python should apologize for the life of brian in the same way ], 
  greece has defied its european allies and washington by blocking european union sanctions on an iranian bank the u.s. accuses of financing terrorism , officials familiar with the move say . 
  athens 's action last month marked the first time a european country has picked apart the sanctions regime meant to remain in place following the july 2015 nuclear accord with tehran . 
  the regime is designed to constrain iran 's ability to resume illicit activities and pressure it to stick by the agreement . 
  prime minister alexis tsipras 's government undertook to rehabilitate bank saderat , a partly state-owned company that runs iran 's largest banking network , as athens seeks to rebuild close economic ties with iran , a key source of cheap energy for the country in the past . 
  but the move is potentially risky for greece , which will host u.s. president barack obama this month . 
  u.s. treasury secretary jacob lew warned last year that any firm that deals with bank saderat `` will risk losing its access to the u.s. financial system . '' for that reason , the end to the eu 's formal sanctions on the iranian bank is unlikely to immediately improve its prospects in europe , where financial institutions have been reluctant to do business even with iranian entities that were freed from sanctions under last year 's accord . 
  but some u.s. observers worry that greece 's relief for saderat could mark the beginning of a broader decay in european sanctions on iran . 
  `` this is an early sign that europe is picking apart the nuclear accord and undermining even the terrorism sanctions they promised to enforce , '' said mark dubowitz , executive director of the foundation for defense of democracies , a washington think tank opposed to the iran deal . 
  in 2007 , the u.s. treasury sanctioned saderat as a terrorist financier for allegedly channeling money to iran 's regional proxies hezbollah , hamas and other palestinian groups washington considers terrorist . 
  the iranian government has previously denied any involvement by bank saderat and other institutions in terrorist financing . 
  bank saderat did n't respond to a request to comment . 
  the united nations sanctioned the bank for its involvement in iran 's nuclear and ballistic-missiles program , a move the eu matched in 2010 . 
  under the july 2015 multinational nuclear deal with iran , which lifted most financial sanctions on tehran , saderat was one of just three banks kept on the eu 's sanctions list for as long as eight years . 
  washington has the bank under sanctions indefinitely for terror financing . 
  in april , however , the eu 's top court upheld the bank 's challenge to the eu sanctions , arguing the 28-nation bloc had provided insufficient evidence to back up its claim that saderat was carrying out illicit activities . 
  the court allowed the eu to maintain the asset freeze for six months under an amended charge , a period that ended on oct. 22 . 
  throughout that period , france and the u.k. worked to ensure the sanctions would be extended beyond october , seeking new evidence that saderat was involved in illicit activities . 
  while there were doubts about the eu 's chance of winning a fresh legal challenge , 27 of the eu 's 28 governments were prepared to extend the sanctions , according to senior european and greek officials . 
  greece alone was opposed . 
  `` there is an eu court decision and it should be respected , '' a senior greek foreign-ministry official said . 
  `` there were very firm instructions from athens to block it , '' a second greek official said . 
  greece 's decision came despite entreaties from the u.s. to allow the sanctions to stand . 
  while the obama administration has been working with eu counterparts to encourage european banks to start working again with iranian firms that are no longer under sanctions , the opposite was true for saderat . 
  congressmen with close ties to the greek government also weighed in as greece was warned it could pay a price if it allowed saderat , whose office in athens was effectively shut down after eu sanctions were imposed on iran , to get back into business . 
  u.s. treasury officials `` raised concerns about the potential removal of sanctions on bank saderat with greek officials and urged them not to impede efforts to reapply sanctions , '' a treasury representative said . 
  european and greek officials say athens had countervailing pressures to consider . 
  greece was one of iran 's biggest energy customers before the nuclear sanctions . 
  seeking to shore up the shattered greek economy , the left-wing tsipras government has been eager to rebuild political and economic ties with tehran in the aftermath of the nuclear deal . 
  mr. tsipras was among the first western leaders to lead a big delegation of businesses to tehran soon after the economic sanctions were lifted in mid-january 2016 . 
  even before that , greece and iran launched discussions to resume iranian oil deliveries and started negotiating a settlement giving hellenic petroleum , greece 's largest refinery , more time to repay at least half a billion euros ( $ 548 million ) worth of debt it owed iranian firms before the imposition of eu sanctions . 
  a month ago , iran 's central bank chief held meetings in athens with senior bankers and the country 's vice president yannis dragasakis , who is overseeing the reconstruction of greece 's fragile banking system . 
  officials say the saderat case was discussed . 
   enlightened despot the democratic people 's republic of korea awaits you, 
  * pretending to be a bot : *  the percentage of christians in turkey fell from 19 % ( or perhaps as high as 25 % of the population of 16 million ) in 1914 to 7 % percent in 1927 , [ 1 ] due to events which had a significant impact on the country 's demographic structure , such as the armenian genocide , the population exchange between greece and turkey , [ 2 ] and the emigration of christians ( such as levantines , greeks , armenians etc. ), 
  to foreign countries ( mostly in europe and the americas ) that actually began in the late 19th century and gained pace in the first quarter of the 20th century , especially during world war i and after the turkish war of independence . 
  [ 3 ] today there are more than 250,000 people of different christian denominations , representing less than 0.4 percent of turkey 's population , [ 4 ] including an estimated 100,000 oriental orthodox , [ 5 ] 38,000 roman catholics , [ 6 ] 20,000 antiochian greeks , [ 7 ] 10,000 greek orthodox [ 5 ] and smaller numbers of protestants ( mostly ethnic turkish ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_turkey, 
  personally i 'd rather see the turks shunning erdogan when this all turns against him ( and his country unfortunately ; it 's usually how autocrats end ), 
  would you rather have the coup succeed and have a military govt now ? 
  there must be deeper problems when you need the military to have a proper govt . 
  he plays the eu and nato quite well . 
  the eu is throwing money at him as if he s a stripper . 
  does he realize it might one day apply to himself ? 
  at least our `` left '' are very pro-eu . 
  they proved it by going full-right . 
  did he always have thes anticonstitutional tendencies or has it been the past 1-2 years ? 
  what are the odds ? 
  we know they used to be turkish ( but not part of the turkish republic ) , why does he feel the need to educate us ? 
  maybe he considers his own subjects so uneducated . 
  or the cunning idiot has confused lausanne with lasagna again . 
  we should all do that . 
  u mean the us ? 
  you 've been out for a while , but you must have an opinion on the following : 1 ) what tax rates should greece aim for ( anecdotally , i am a businessman , and for the level of service in greece i would consider it fair if it was < 17 % ) 2 ) why do greek government services take so long to computerize their data and enable data sharing between services ( e.g. 
  you often have to carry printed paper from one govt . 
  insurance to another just to avoid double-paying ) .
