  what makes u think i am ? 
  how can this not end up in tears of laughter ? 
  i can imagine mps arguing publicly and with heavy british pomp about the various orifices trying not to sound ridiculous . 
  we should be thanking you for the comedy !, 
  personally i m not convinced that alternate systems are better enough to make a substantial difference . 
  you seem to think so , that 's fair . 
  but it 's wrong to compare alternate systems without taking into account how profoundly the system would affect the vote . 
  i also find the obsession with elections a distraction : democracy is not about elections , but about giving everyone a piece of the power . 
  the ancient athenians heavily distrusted elections ( mob rule ) , and the vast majority of offices were appointed by lot . 
  why does n't anyone give a shot to that system ? 
  godwin 's law would suggest that there is nothing to be added to this topic . 
  yes `` literally worse than hitler '' haha . 
  well i never understood why people on the left tend to take him so literally , when they know he s a showman and they know of his huge ego . 
  and i mean they know him for years and years . 
  dude/gal , you started this discussion with this : `` clinton 's winning the popular vote by 1.7 million now '' `` winning '' winning winning !, 
  wtf did she win ? 
  lepen wins the `` poppular vote '' in the first round if there is no second round . 
  thats my point . 
  any change in electoral system would fundamentally change the results . 
   combining fptp and the ec i dint really get how fptp affected the vote in us . 
  not all us states use a `` winner take all the electors '' system . 
  americans always opt for more, 
  thats not my point ; it 's that comparing the popular vote to electoral college is like comparing the popular vote in france with a system that does not have a second round . 
  it 's because us is a federal state . 
  individual states have an interest to not be deserted in favor of the heavily populated coasts . 
  the states must be kept willing to remain in the federation , and there is a price to pay for that . 
  oh but i 'm talking about the popular vote , which is all that really matters . 
  lepen is winning the popular vote vs any single candidate ... remember fptp and second round are the most retarded thing ever . 
  ^ / sorry ^ for ^ the ^ sarcasm, 
   the argument has basis . 
  the basis is wrong . 
  you do n't get to change the rules of the game after the elections . 
  the counterfactual is not `` if the electoral college did not exist '' . 
  it 's `` if the electoral collect did not exist and hillary had campaigned in red states and donald had campaigned in blue states and people in red states had turned out to vote and people in blue states had as well etc . 
  etc. '', 
  you do n't get to compare apples with oranges . 
  enlighten me, 
  did he * say * he s not serious ? 
  and lepen wins the popular vote by very secure margin in france for now . 
  are you interested ? 
  this is eu trying to distract from its problems i think . 
  if they really care about the situation in turkey , how will this help the turks ? 
  in general the rhetoric from eu 's side on anything international has been beyond dumb lately . 
  they havent been for decades , why end the talks though ? 
  if it makes you feel better , just remember this is global warming in action . 
  blame greek cypriots all you want , they see no need to press for a solution , they have the upper hand . 
  there is also no `` conflict '' , `` peace talks '' or a `` peace deal '' . 
  it 's a reunification deal . 
  as if they cared for petty $ 5m . 
  slight annoyance on the way from their private jet . 
  must have been windy, 
  it 's just blue snow, 
  the way you describe him , it seems he 's a good fit to the current political climate and could be the most fit to win fn . 
  they spend big on army . 
  pure economics, 
  well i cant post anyway , so let 's enjoy our bubble, 
  zerohedge ? 
  as you see he is not any better than other presidents . 
  quite mediocre actually . 
  what impressed you ? 
  i would post a link to an article article critical of obama , but this subreddit does not allow linking to anything other than mainstream news sites . 
   but who does n't have a dogmatic hard-on for it . 
  then why did he invade all these countries ? 
  trump by comparison wants to withdraw, 
  that doesnt change the fact that obama was not a successful or competent president . 
  citation still needed, 
  we need the uk back in for an eu army, 
  ca n't blame them , really, 
  how is obama not more hawkish ? 
  do i need to remind you that the us is fighting 5 wars currently ? 
  citation needed . 
  before the internet we needed messengers . 
  and because they were professionals they were better at doing a good job . 
  the internet has obsoleted them but in return we have very lousy messengers . 
  such a feeling is prevalent among your liberals . 
  they 'll say anything to deny the fact that trump might have won beacause of banal reasons such as economy . 
  like the fact that trump would lose . 
  in other news , water is still wet , studies show . 
  he 's definitely the star of this season , a dr. doom a lot less somber than roubini . 
  well social engineering is quite an effective discipline lol . 
  social sciences are understood to be semi-empirical , they are mostly theorizing . 
  no matter what rt is , he had to give her an answer , any answer . 
  if they think they she is not a proper journalist , they should just revoke her authorization to attend those press meetings . 
  john kirby handled the situation shitty . 
  i dont disagree we need to do sth . 
  but no nuclear option man . 
  taking the immigrants back to lybia would suffice . 
  we can afford to break a convention, 
  polls gave hillary the electorate as well . 
  even the few times it was outside margin of error , hillary was always on top . 
  their methodologies were clearly wrong , but i would n't attribute that to malice . 
   academics etc. ? 
  of course not . 
  i should probably laugh at that . 
  what you read in papers is ultimately rooted in social scientists . 
  ahead of schedule and under budget, 
  turkey has been doing this since forever ( they are ideally positioned geographically for that ), 
  probably because brexit is no longer anti-establishment, 
  berlusconi was neither far-left nor far-right, 
  especially when the entire establishment is biased one way .
