  people will not just not cooperate with pollsters and keep to themselves . 
  i i do n't have another plausible explanation . 
  no but he has made an election postmortem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwmmbg3z4di, 
  neoliberalism is an applied theory not an opinion, 
  maybe but there are also arguments for it, 
  we first !, 
  we elected the first non-centrist populist useless pm . 
  we deserve credit for that ( or at least debt ( relief ) ) . 
  i get that you mean deterrence . 
  but there are better ways to do it . 
  maybe they 'll stay in italy . 
  nobody , including immigrants does n't want to stay in greece . 
  we already pay , and lybia is barely a country at the moment . 
  we easily jump to other people 's wars when asked , i dont think it would be very hard to organize . 
  deporting refugees is much more inhumane ( and never will actually happen ) and does nothing to deter smugglers . 
  i agree with u about dublin agreements etc. 
  we have ( as always ) created a kafkaesque situation . 
  but you see who he would be running against ... 
  worked with the parthenon, 
  maybe he 's thinking to ride the unbrexit camp . 
  he might not be wrong on that - if it takes a few years until a50 is initiated , it might have a chance . 
  plus some people say they are nostalgic of the better times . 
  good luck getting them deported, 
   we need a hiroshima . 
  is this really all you can think ? 
  how about patrolling the lybian coast to send them all back onshore ? 
  and create a proper refugee center / camp on the lybian coast ? 
  while we wouldnt wish them to drown , it really gets to me the way the whole process is handled . 
  if it was n't so abysmally tragic it would be comedy material . 
  this rubber `` boat '' was sank 20km off lybia and the smugglers took the motor with them ( imagine that ) . 
  then a british ship found most of them and took them to a rescue ship that transported them ~ 300km away to italy . 
  1 in 3 died . 
  100 more people died just like that . 
  is this how we want civilized europe to handle refugees in 2016 ? 
  by enabling smugglers ? 
   `` it 's not about renzi , or grillo . 
  it 's this logic that ` in italy , things ca n't be done ' . 
  if this logic comes to pass , then it 's finished . '' this is interesting . 
  we know by know that referendums are not about what is on ballot but for airing grievances and sending a message . 
  and when people are angry they will vote for the non-conventional option ( greece , uk , now italy ), 
  he does n't mean `` neonationalism '' as a reversal of globalization . 
  in his lectures he actually believes globalization is not reversible . 
  i found a copy of full text here : http://www.anixneuseis.gr/?p=154960 all of mark blyth 's videos on youtube about the crisis are worth watching for his simple and no-bullshit explanation of whats going on in economic terms . 
  so it 's ok that 30 % of those immigrants support the enemy that their own country is fighting and mozart is not part of austrian culture . 
  just listen to yourself, 
  that guy is a leading turd himself, 
  unlike trump , she 's an actual racist leading a racist party created by her racist father . 
  i think she 's a case where you can call a racist a racist . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  trump does not come from a family of overt violent racists . 
  he was a democrat in the past , and he actually panders to legal immigrants . 
  do n't rely on ideology for this . 
  it 's all about economics if it comes to the second round . 
  how angry are the french about the economy ? 
  5 se european coast maybe ? 
  i think it 's divide and conquer, 
   most people living in a country would stay united against an external threat . 
  well not really http://europe.newsweek.com/16-french-citizens-support-isis-poll-finds-266795?rm=eu you otoh seem to think that you can separate the two . 
  well i don ' think you can unless you hold a gun to their head , like the romans or the soviets , the british , the spanish did so i m not convinced . 
  how is mozart global culture really and what do papua new guineans have to do with him for example ? 
  hiphop , like jazz or blues is a great example of a local culture . 
  or do you mean it 's not good enough for refined ears ? 
  ok i meant customs and tradition ( and sharia is pretty much law back in their countries ) . 
  the question still stands, 
  well , papers are already saying that she 's behind on polls , so we should be preparing for marine la president . 
  question to our french friends : how anti - eu is she ? 
  i mean , realistically , the current anti-immigration wave is anti-islam mostly , and france is not really financially in a position to leave the eu or the eurozone . 
   a subculture is still it 's own culture . 
  a subculture does not stand on its own , especially on external threat . 
  americans of all colors are united against threats by russians for example . 
  in europe allegiances are a lot more muddled ; it 's not unfair to say we ;d have a lot of conflicts outside nato . 
  hollywood etc is not global culture , its american , and its so good that it was exported to all the world . 
  is mozart also `` global culture '' ? 
  and yes , what 's wrong with hiphop ? 
   no solidarity , no social cohesion and say goodbye to the welfare state as people will no longer be willing to contribute to something like that when they feel no connection to their fellow citizens . 
  you have a lot worse than that . 
  you have breakup and civil war . 
  just look at the former ussr states . 
  in many ways though their laws may conflict with the local laws , like they do in france with religious symbols . 
  it 's at that moment that you have to decide , do you bend the local laws to accommodate immigrants or do they bend ? 
  it 's important for all future changes in laws ; as they say politics is downstream from culture . 
  the question is whether we can develop one superculture that includes every culture as a subculture . 
  it 's still an experiment ... we can still hope , the jury is not settled . 
  hmm why ? 
  salads are great, 
  and it 's not either one culture with many sub-cultures . 
  it 's about different , equal-standing cultures side-by-side . 
  i think you are talking about subcultures of american culture , and i believe u see more diversity in cities . 
  rural america is more homogeneous locally ( although different mix in different states ) . 
  you 're just describing subcultures . 
  on the other hand , english language , hollywood , hiphop , mcdonalds . 
  i 've noticed in america people dont feel the need to hang out wearing religious hats/crosses/scarves . 
  and they can all identify with the american flag and freedom any time of the day . 
  in europe you can have large percentages of the population openly denouncing the local country . 
  comment and let comment , brothers and sisters . 
  peace, 
  we have a babyface pm that acts like a child , very fitting . 
  well the world order could n't last forever . 
  i wonder if he 's bullshitting though , how close is turkey to join them . 
  also do n't forget that india and pakistan are expected to become sco members .
