  has n't she gotten tired of our nagging ? 
  is that how they [ western democracies ] survived the cold war ? 
  well a lot of it is just memes , so not difficult to digest . 
  as i 've suggested to r/the _ donald though , this will backfire , the same way the mainstream media collusion backfired in us . 
  unfortunately it seems mobs of all kinds never learn . 
  i believe it will be in french . 
  but i agree that the french will snub the americans ( and this time it 's a good thing ), 
  venice could be a great tech hub city but you need a lot of money to do that . 
  well it depends , i was there in a november and it didnt smell but was flooded all over . 
  what did christianity have to do with laws ? 
  and a gay mig nonetheless, 
  do n't be a cultural racist, 
  sure , but they 'll have a lot of competition, 
  cause you said it like you feel , without trying to offend or not to offend someone . 
  where is lebanon on the map ? 
  by definition if a haplogroup says `` greece '' it should be more common in greece than any other region . 
  i m sorry you misunderstood me . 
  `` tremendous '' is how donald trump speaks ; if anything i was making fun of him . 
  i liked your post very much and did not mean to offend u. 
  this is an approximate haplogroup tree timeline : http://imgur.com/a/31i3i, 
  i think because he talks in long sentences that are really a series of short successive sentences . 
  he often `` loves people very much '' too . 
  take it like a compliment . 
  it 's tremendous , fantastic text , best text i have seen in my life , believe me . 
   period . 
  is that really all that you need to make a nation ? 
  i would n't like to live in a nation of religiously-law abiding i.e. 
  fascists , nazists etc. 
  its easy to be a europeanist after you ve been sucking the wealth of europe for decades . 
  try this line on irish or cypriots . 
  it 's really not a good time . 
  i think it was more the vastness of the land and resources . 
  did they build multicultural towns ? 
  any other j1s ? 
  huge economy and army . 
  that should be enough , but also a sense of humour . 
  brexit will be reversed after a 7 year protracted delay to article 50 . 
  face it , nobody knows what to do with that hot potato . 
  either that , or they become the 51st state . 
  oh cool , they are bringing over the nukes !, 
  we need to import more, 
  which country in europe was not homogeneous at the time ? 
  you 're describing a communist regime . 
  at that time , multiculturalism did not exist anywhere . 
  and where do you draw the line on what is `` allowed '' ? 
  practically all religions espouse hateful , antisocial behaviours for example . 
  why do we not ban them too ? 
  i 'm pro-free speech because i think it 's better to confront people on their ideologies rather than shutting them down . 
  otherwise , we delude ourselves that we 've convinced people just because we have silenced them . 
  you are oversimplifying . 
  i may not agree with the parent in all points , but tell me , what is a union of any kind if there is no underlying common culture at all ? 
  a set of laws ? 
  a trade area ? 
  how are people supposed to identify with `` a trade area '' , how are they going to be inspired to defend it and what is their common reference point ? 
  we are not yet at the point where we have a world government , so until then , we need pivots to organize ourselves . 
  in europe we have national identities , because the eu identity is still very very weak . 
  so until we find that identity that will unite all of us , immigrants will anchor to the local , national identities . 
  and so is your expert opinion, 
   i 've no idea why countries who hate immigrants are in eu you have many countries who ~ ~ hate immigrants ~ ~ do n't want to have open borders . 
  one is already out . 
  you think the eu should not have external borders ? 
  why do you think it is better if they are covert racists ? 
  or covert jihadis ? 
   trump 's election has probably emboldened swarms of people just like the gay movement emboldened gays to come out . 
  it works both ways . 
  it 's a good thing to live in a free society where you are free to be a racist . 
  i 'm not sure the usa is a multicultural state . 
  it has one culture , american . 
  sure , it 's a salad , but the ingredients are well mixed . 
  what can you do when u re alone in the bathroom with a # 10 note ? 
  well some of those fuckers might watch porn while thinking of the children . 
  what are they supposed to wank to ? 
  the queen ? 
   identical interesting choice of words, 
  sorry i see no [ murderers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsjyzvhz6bs ) , [ woman beaters ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgqj6eqjk3y ) and [ batshit crazies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2qqk91byxo ), 
  to be fair , a world of truth never existed . 
  sorry golden dawn is a criminal organization who believe in racial purity , hates every other race and gays and dreams of war to restore past glory . 
  how is donald trump even comparable ? 
  you have a castle for years and years , you have countless opportunities to kill them . 
  when they sack your castle it 's because a ) you were unable to defeat them and b ) you suck at defending your castle . 
  only an idiot would destroy their last of ammunitions to win it back . 
  you go away , and prepare an attack . 
  the problem with the left , its been in the castle for so long , it has forgotten how to fight . 
  the guardian has been publishing shit like this since election day . 
  it 's a disgrace to their reputation ( whether you like them or not ) . 
  well , not yet . 
  but what do westerners do ? 
  we just sit and watch while ataturk 's state is building an ayatollah, 
  it 's not just the shoes . 
  german car parts as well . 
  romania has great engineers and hopefully a bright future . 
  totally , i mean , mosquitoes in november ( global warming and all ) . 
  and i hate heat myself , but this ... i would die . 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  alternate non-paywalled source : http://www.dw.com/en/german-military-draws-fire-over-new-reality-web-series/a-36225082, 
  oh good i was afraid they 'd say no . 
  scary, 
  the problem is that the bigger the corporation , the less tax they pay . 
  it 's a scheme designed to attract big foreign corporations at this moment . 
  yes i figured that .
