  your taxes are usually paid locally and directly by the company before giving you the dividend , so you are not directly involved in any payment . 
   shall i be on dividends by all countries on the planet that apple sells stuff ? 
  i do n't see why not . 
  you 're earning rents in a way , it does n't seem unethical to pay local rates . 
  in any case , the total tax paid on profits is more or less the same , the question is what is the most fair and productive way to pay them . 
  disgraceful . 
  they should denounce islam because they make muslims look bad . 
   but we ca n't tax them for dividends you can if you legislate it . 
  most countries do not tax dividends to foreigners though . 
  and fucking jeremy fucking corby fucking abstained from the fucking vote !!, 
  it 's hell http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-iduskbn13c1yq, 
  countries like malta , cyprus , ireland offer quite cheap incorporation . 
  the problem is that larger corporations pay ~ 0 % tax , e.g. 
  apple in ireland , because they can negotiate with governments directly . 
  that true ? 
  it 's gon na be an interesting 10 years, 
  eurozone has made many changes , and given that it seems to have survived a big crisis , they may have been adequate . 
  will we see fiscal union soon - no imho . 
  there is not enough trust between nations to share our wallet . 
  many european politicians have expressed dissenting views , it 's just that they have always been faced with a wall of resistance . 
  trump suddenly makes everyone listen . 
  they 'll probably send the poor there then, 
  i do n't think people want to be crude , but the way this joke of a system works infuriates people . 
  it would be more dignified if eu set up refugee centers in libya or turkey , and patrolled the waters to make sure nobody attempts to leave with boats . 
  it would spare many many lives of refugees and make people feel that there is a fair system . 
  its this stupid shit that causes the rise of racist parties in europe . 
  they ca n't . 
  afaik , the smugglers deliberately sink the boats and call for help , so rescue services from italy are obliged to go get them to italy , even if they are only a few miles off libya . 
  tbh if you are rich , that 's what u do, 
  i say we open gibraltar , and let them all in europe . 
  then we all move to africa . 
  you see that 's the trick : we get the best ones after we separate the weak from the resilient ones , the fools are drowned at sea , and the incapables are left back to `` rebuild '' their countries . 
  you do n't know that . 
  some believe that any publicity is good, 
  why would we want any blood money from these scumbags then ? 
  i thought it rose because people dumped emerging world currencies, 
  good and hopeful times, 
  funny/ridiculous politicians are popular . 
  we should n't automatically give publicity to this dumbo . 
  yes i spoke for myself . 
  but tbh , there is a valid concert about user data , we know the us is spying everything that crosses the atlantic . 
  the case for safe data havens is valid . 
  yeah but i m not sure about the actual ranking . 
  especially , ranking greece being below bulgaria sounds odd tbh . 
  i 'm quite surprised by the low ranking for greece and tend to believe that their index is mostly correlated to gdp . 
  this is shown in the study http://www.social-inclusion-monitor.eu/uploads/tx_itao_download/social_justice_index_2016.pdf where their index correlates well with gdp , with greece and ireland as outliers . 
  linkedin is so spammy , it deserves to be blocked . 
  thats actually a pretty cheap way to cover the walls, 
  5 euro for 5 years . 
  do n't be cheapskates, 
  what empty words . 
  so frontex is ok , but fence is not allowed because it reflects bad ? 
  i 'm sick and tired of everyone acting like babies in order not pander to sensitivities . 
  i wonder if anyone will start talking like adults . 
  they are culturally muslim , but they 're not theocratic, 
  people expecting the end of globalism will be sorely disappointed, 
  most northerners are upset with current state of turkey , but the prospect of eu membership would contribute to the stability of our region . 
  turks are pale too . 
  i mean , we re practically indistinguishable, 
  but what is a turkey that is no longer looking westwards ? 
  you dont have that many friends to your east . 
  do turks look to russia as an alternative ? 
  maybe you could instead call us snake union or shit union , something that does not allude to islam . 
  you mean the french ones ? 
   n agnostic turk , curious what does agnostic have to do with it ? 
   stolen greek lands . 
  you mean like sicily ? 
   it deducts many of its basic values and identity from the islamic sources that 's just not true . 
  what values do they uphold from islam ? 
  turkey is a secular country . 
  he has actually tried to do business here but didnt work out well . 
  i guess thats a bad omen, 
  hey dont talk like that for our national hobby, 
  yeah identity politics is a plague , i hope that madness ends soon . 
  it 's true that the manosphere was a large entry point for the alt-right, 
  how then can they unsolicitly lecture women what to do ? 
  this is madness, 
  thanks . 
  its getting interesting ... 
  she 's like furniture though . 
  how come someone more dynamic has n't come to the forefront ? 
   unionen , sweden 's largest union , is encouraging members to call up when male colleagues give them unsolicited lectures so i guess unionen has 0 male members . 
  more simple : a hotline for when women harass men to fix their computers . 
  hmm ... maybe not just women ... everyone . 
  its fuckin annoying, 
  you can upvote . 
  reddit is not banned in turkey ( i think ) . 
  boris : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/27/boris-johnson-says-britain-will-now-help-turkey-join-eu-despite/ but he 's a joke . 
  more seriously , neighbouring countries like greece may be in favor of it ( at least more than france/germany ) . 
  it would help us reduce defense expenditures , for example . 
  i know it 's not popular , but not everyone in europe is opposed to it . 
  yes i m just saying last years 3/4 quarter was kind of special, 
  u r probably right , vladimir , 
  it lasted for a while and then went to shit . 
  it 's as if without 2 opposing poles u ca n't have stability . 
  it 's actually a bad idea because he plans to steer the result to no and use it for his own benefit , and in the process create a rift that will not heal even after he leaves . 
  referendums are weapons in the hands of populists . 
  we ve been burnt before, 
  it 's not as bad as others , although still way too premature and the entire premise  angela merkel is now the main guardian of the norms , values , and institutions that make up the atlantic alliance . 
  doesnt even make economic sense as uk and france have higher military expenditures .
