  it 's as if they were lacking any intelligence other then the mainstream media . 
  someone should have told them that those rallies that trump was leading were not fakes . 
  or at least they should have listened to michael moore . 
  we will need a strong leader / leaders before we can have that independent policy you 're talking about . 
  maybe our next generation of leaders will prove less sheepish , who knows . 
  i do n't share your optimism , europe is doomed demographically . 
  i think we should calm down , the trump presidency is not the end of the world . 
  immigrants are not the same as refugees, 
  shows the dangers of living in a bubble, 
  suddenly it does n't seem so wrong to invite back the one member with high military spending back . 
  or , you know , invite russia in . 
  / s i think its too premature to talk about this . 
  i kind of think if you need to explain the joke , its not that good, 
  sorry , i dont want to continue an argument with your sour grapes . 
  the problem is that this guy is supposedly our face to the world . 
  shameful . 
   infrastructure is government spending , and so it ca n't ever be endorsed by a republican . 
  both candidates explicitly said they would increase spending on infrastructure ( http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/4/13121058/trump-clinton-infrastructure-economics-glaeser )  `` crime '' is not a problem in the us , most crime has been declining since 1990 . 
  crime is huge in the us , not even comparable to european standards . 
  i agree that trump is a populist , but i will be surprised if he doesnt do * something '' about his major talking points like immigration and bringing jobs back . 
  i do n't agree that he doesnt have any policy positions . 
  same way . 
  it 's about police violence against blacks , not about hillary or trump, 
  was n't pro-trump a white movement too ? 
  hillary literally alienated whites . 
  hillary was not just a bad choice , it was a crime . 
  frankly , the dems should not feel sorry for her if they see her behind bars . 
  there is no way they would give him the prize now , not with racial tensions running so high as they are . 
  we already have voted a populist left in greece . 
  hes kind-of our trump . 
  i want to see how donald tusk will make up for his gaffe of a tweet . 
  my guess is they were not prepared for the trump victory . 
  this cover can be read both ways . 
  / r / politics was the unofficial hillary propaganda machine . 
  they created their own bubble and drowned with it . 
  i think brexit still stands as the more stupid decision . 
  it 's risk with no end . 
  like him or not , trump at least has some convictions . 
  good points about your country . 
  i agree that for europe in general , this is a sort-of gift : europe has a chance at leading again . 
  it was kind of an inevitable trajectory . 
  if you have been listening beyond what the mainstream media in us and especially europe were broadcasting ( euro media mainly parroted cnn ) , you would know that trump had indeed a loyal and enthusiastic support . 
  outside the major cities , the majority of americans are facing major problems . 
  outdated infrastructure , rampant drug abuse , crime and major abandonement by the major parties . 
  trump rode that wave of discontent with populist slogans , while his opponents ignored it . 
  not only they ignored it , they pretended throughout the campaign that america is already really great [ 1 ] . 
  they put half their country in a basket of deplorables , because rednecks are the one group that you can always ridicule with impunity [ 2 ] . 
  the hubris of hillary was made complete when she pretended that she , a former first-lady who could n't even win the senate seat in her home state , was somehow the feminist icon of self-made woman , and she turned the entire campaign around women . 
  meanwhile , donald had been creating a veritable movement around him , with practically zero support from his own party . 
  despite his populist rhetoric though , few of his supporters believe he is actually a fascist . 
  he has been a democrat in the past , is not against gay rights and not even late-term abortion . 
  his supporters do not take his words literally , but agree with the substance of his positions : immigration reform , tax reductions for businesses , withdrawal from expensive wars , increase of median wages , and an inward-looking , protectionist policy . 
  i think this speech from peter thiel summarizes the rational argument for a trump presidency [ 3 ] . 
  for europe : i believe he promised a scaling back of war operations ( less refugees ) . 
  if he reduces taxes , companies are bound to repatriate their foreign cash stash back to us , which will mean less acquisitions of european companies ( a good thing imho ) . 
  immigration into the us is already not easy , so i do n't think that affects europeans substantially . 
  for britain : it means their brexit is bound to be a big failure as the us will pursue protectioninst policies and increase import taxes , which means the various us subsidiaries active in britain will suffer . 
  for myself : it means i won 300 euros in a bet lol . 
  in any case this is a crazy historic event . 
  a political outsider is leader of the free world . 
  1 . https://www.wired.com/2016/10/president-obama-guest-edits-wired-essay?mbid=social_twitter 2 . http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/commentary/ct-hillbilly-elegy-jd-vance-trump-20160922-story.html 3 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afylepriiye, 
  i 'm glad trump was voted over hillary . 
  i feel the same about europe . 
  french, 
  not this again . 
  i for one am glad we got rid of hillary . 
  on the house !, 
  history was made, 
  they will finally rename it to / r / hillary, 
  that 's basically free advertisement . 
  in its heyday europe was all wars and pirates, 
  then why the hell did they form a new one ? 
  thanks - i did not know it was an actual thing . 
  it seems however it 's contingent to being a national of a member state , so it 's not `` standalone '' citizenship . 
  what the hell is a european citizenship ? 
  do your children inherit it ? 
  can anyone acquire it with a formal process ? 
  are international waters your home ? 
  or is it something they pulled out of their ass ? 
  if uk citizens want to live in eu they could ask to become citizens of their country of residence [ maybe there could be an agreement to make it easier ; * that * would make sense ], 
  i bet he will go there and campaign for texit . 
  i was gon na post a picture of a beach but it 's too hot to get outside, 
  i 'm talking about the american left , i.e. 
  you 're talking about the old european left ( of the `` let 's nationalize the means of production '' era ) . 
  he s indeed too unpredictable to make any predictions . 
  however ,  i imagine him folding to the party 's pressure on the first day of office . 
  do you think that on the off chance that he wins , he has to pay any dues to his party which oftentimes turned against him ? 
  the entire campaign seems to have been largely a one-man-show, 
  i 'm saying in real terms hillary and bill are the same clique . 
  where would she be without him ? 
  with regards to europe , the refugees are the biggest issue at stake in these elections . 
  - a clinton presidency is already predictable : more of the same posturing against russia in me , more refugees in the long term , until half the syrian population has gone , at which point there will be noone to fight ; i.e. 
  the darwinian solution . 
  as for the rest of their 5 wars , who knows . 
  - a trump presidency is unpredictable , but will not be opposed to siding with the russians to crush isis and get the hell out of the me . 
  trump has repeatedly said that he does not care to win wars in faraway lands . 
  a lot depends on who he chooses for the state dept. 
  for reddit , this has been a very interesting election . 
  trump 's subreddit was far more popular and positively energetic than hillary 's . 
  whatever the outcome , the various alt-right , dark-enlightenment , anti-feminist movements will see themselves as legitimized and will seek to have a place in public discourse .
