  he has n't even published his agenda . 
  or a man with bladder issues . 
  it looks like this time they are serious . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , we are a big market but with major debt problems , demographic issues , and stagnant productivity . 
  most members are not germany . 
  the uk voted to leave to expand its economic horizons to other emerging markets . 
  europe is slowly going to continue to become irrelevant . 
  and half of cyprus is still under foreign occupation . 
  bad idea . 
  with the uk out , the cost is going to be prohibitive , and the administrative issues will be a nightmare . 
  who commands whom . 
  old nationalistic enmities are not yet forgotten . 
  maybe us should just leave nato and we take it from there . 
  if you want a rationally organized state instead of a democracy , you have china or north korea . 
  there is no such thing , you can go back to bed . 
  or any man who has permission, 
  i do n't trust any of these `` we 've seen this before '' articles . 
  every case is different , if hillary had won they could go `` we 've seen this before , gw bush '' ( but they would n't because women are untouchables ), 
  her unquestioning and unconditional support of black lives matter , pay gap , her relentless pandering to women and their issues while never mentioning the crisis of unemployed and undereducated men [ 1 ] in her speeches amount to sidelining of men in general , not just whites . 
  she chose carefully her target groups , but seems she underestimated the size of them . 
  1 . http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/06/the-missing-men/488858/, 
   and that 's what makes them a bunch of idiots . 
  this is exactly why they voted the outsider who pandered to them . 
  when you act like a bigot ( to them ) you get treated like one . 
  do you also believe that the black voters who voted for obama ( and got duped , twice ) are a bunch of idiots ? 
  people are emotional , they need to feel respected . 
  when obama repeatedly tells you to vote for hillary because we live in `` the best time to be alive '' , you know he s literally a crook . 
  that said , the white working class was only a small part of trump 's voters . 
  what about the educated , rich men and women , are they another bunch of idiots ? 
  what about latinos ? 
  blacks ? 
  gays ? 
  everyone who doesnt tick all the boxes of the modern ` globalist ' agenda is an idiot ? 
  and the ones who are actually willing/paying for it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditure_per_capita, 
  i dont know . 
  but i find that a convenient excuse to avoid admitting that their current rhetoric is wrong . 
  it 's a way to bury their heads in the sand . 
   does n't even mean that i want democracy to be overruled . 
  then you are not one of those people , 
  there are again tons of books written on the subject ( like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_order_and_political_decay:_from_the_industrial_revolution_to_the_present_day ) . 
  and also , elections are just one pillar of a good democracy, 
   but facts do n't matter to people from the feelsfort , so w/e . 
  thank you for proving the term right . 
  yes of course sorry, 
   the system is objectively stupid . 
  democracy is not a science . 
  america has one of the strongest democracies , better than croatia , better than greece . 
  to say that it is stupid is an insult to reason . 
  that said , there are tons of books written on the subject i guess you can find all your answers there . 
  yes , i forgot . 
  it must be the russians, 
  its not new https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regressive_left, 
  you need a ` mainstream ' candidate who will say no to merkels immigration plans if you want to avoid the rise of fn . 
   remaining in eu and hillary winning are intolerant regressive l given the distrust/vitriol against their own democracies that some bremainers and some democrats show , probably yes . 
   the us election system is stupid . 
  apart from the irony of your statement , there could be millions who didnt bother to vote for trump in california ( because it 's a locked democratic state ) . 
  would you really want to repeat the vote ? 
   who were n't total idiot . 
  thank you for proving it right . 
   essentially a social democrat which would probably earn him even less of the vote , because us is not europe . 
  the electorate system determines campaign strategies . 
  each campaign concentrates on the states they have a chance on . 
  the two systems are not directly comparable . 
  you think putting lipstick on the regressive left would fix it . 
  millions of british and americans disagree . 
  ... and brexit would have lost if it wasnt cameron / s, 
  if the only alternative is an intolerant regressive left , people will vote the right . 
  the greek left loves dictators like putin or chavez . 
  i do n't think they like trump though, 
   multi-national anational . 
  ftfy, 
  multiculturalism, 
  when the world gives you a message you should n't shut your ears . 
  people do n't like globalizm . 
  `` or else i bombard you with immigrants '', 
  the mistake was not just hillary , but also the cultural positions she represented . 
  social justice is fair treatment of all , not just constant bashing of whites . 
  feminism is about equality not about oppressing white men and unearned priviliges . 
  black lives do not matter more than other people 's lives . 
  if you rally with these slogans , you are offending many people , and it backfired . 
  many people wanted to pull the brakes on what they see as the accelerating cultural decline . 
  i do n't think bernie could have pulled this either . 
  maybe someone like bloomberg would . 
  you do n't think that america 's 5 wars in the region have something to do with the refugee situation ? 
  you might be right , however it was not just simple-minded folks who voted for him but literally everyone : https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/white-voters-victory-donald-trump-exit-polls . 
  did college-educated , middle or upper middle class ppl believe he will build a real wall ? 
  some of the things he says are hyperbole - he 's a populist after all - but others are not infeasible . 
  it 's entirely possible that some voted to deport illegal immigrants because they do n't like seeing so many of them , even if they dont think they 're taking their jobs . 
  some people might see it as an excuse for their racism . 
  and anecdotally , many americans were extremely offended by the black lives matter movement . 
  i think it played a major role . 
  the media was wrong about trump supporters . 
  they did not look into who is supporting him , they detested them as unwashed masses . 
  i do n't have data for all of europe , but there is a study about my country that basically concludes that demographics will constrain real growth at least until 2040 . 
  the entire internet is terrible today . 
  you people do n't know how to lose . 
  we 've had it first !, 
  do they plan to poison him in that summit ? 
  i think it was because the us media were so unanimous in their anti-trump views . 
  this does not however justify how eu leaders rushed to take sides in this election .
