are you worried it might actually do anything ? 
  maybe he s just hipsterish, 
   clinton did win the popular vote she did not `` win '' anything , she got more votes . 
  probably because donald did not rally in california . 
  imagine the us had direct vote insteead . 
  would people still say `` yes but she would have won the electorate college if we had one '' ? 
   i would n't even be here if it was n't for immigration can i ask how your grandparents ( and their descendants ) assimilated to the new country ( if you did ) ? 
  were there culturally segregated ghettos ? 
   me using racist for him is technically not correct i suppose though please dont use it then . 
  you see what happened with american voters because of the same tactics . 
  i knew trump would win . 
  i thought bremain would win . 
  i think the other far-right leaders are not the in the same league though . 
  and the thought policing from the regressive left that is prevalent in the us is not so much of a problem here ( i think ! ), 
   are really missing the point imo . 
  some voters did , but trump was also voted by more white college-educated men and women than hillary [ 1 ] . 
  it 's not easy for well educated people to switch to trump , but hillary 's appaling candidacy , along with trump 's emphasis on political incorrectness brought this about . 
  look at how the polls got it wrong twice . 
  when you police the public debate for years and years , they teach you a lesson in the end . 
  and the backlash against the cultural left hasnt even started imho . 
  the ` new right ' had a lot of training in stoicism , expect a bigger backlash after the triggered lefties stop whining . 
  1 . http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/who-voted-for-donald-trump-white-men-and-women-most-responsible-for-new-president-elect-voting-data-a7407996.html, 
  frigging awesome, 
  at least they try, 
  more apocalyptic rhetoric from hillary 's butt, 
  why ? 
  and stop the scaremongering , guardian, 
  actually u re right . 
  if reddit was based in some european countries you could be fined for it . 
  i call it multicultural justice, 
  of course people shouldnt be punished just to make a point , but laws are supposed to act as deterrents as well . 
  if the punishment for stealing is to pay an equivalent amount in fines , people would steal all the time . 
  we all supported free speech for charlie hebdo or danish cartooners . 
  and we can it say freely anything , watch : muhammad sucks donkey dick while king kong shoves the big ben up his ass . 
  i agree with your last paragraph though . 
  in a way , atheists have it bad in today 's world , because they can be offended by anyone but can not offend anyone . 
  religions by their nature are preachy and proselytizing , which imho is bad for society , but if i state my opinion i will be against freedom of religion . 
  meanwhile they can say whatever about me with impunity , because atheism is not a religion . 
  yeah that strue . 
  i presume he/she means creating borders is in our nature . 
  she should be given a chance : pay the fine , or be punished according to islamic law , which means beating her up for being unaccompanied and for talking to that man . 
  i dont think she ll pay that much . 
  someone with knowledge of how italian courts work might know more . 
  i do n't think the people at / the_donald understand european politics much ( except uk maybe ) , or know enough about these politicians . 
  and i do n't think they have much influence over any europeans anyway . 
  lepen and the various other rightwing parties are not part of the ` new right ' which is their target audience . 
  and thankfully we can still have frank discussions about immigration matters in europe without the pc-police on our back . 
  so i do n't think we are in much danger because of / the_donald or breitbart . 
  and p.s. 
  the us is n't `` fucked '' either, 
  non-paywalled link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/disappointed-refugees-relocated-eu-left-lithuania-103933383.html, 
  they should really have an election * before * triggering . 
  the british had a lot more time to process this . 
  what you see is an initial traumatic reaction by an entire generation who had been pampered , un-triggered , and safe-spaced . 
  in other words , a bunch of crybabies . 
  they will get over it soon , and we 'll realize the world is far from over . 
  [ president dwayne elizondo mountain dew herbert camacho varoufakis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgunpmprxva ), 
  wait for varoufakis for presidnent 2025 . 
  it 's going to be glorious . 
  donald 's gon na build a wall around britain then, 
  they 've been trying really hard all week . 
  it 's the people 's front of twitter, 
  [ `` wroooong '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2ec_ohjefm ), 
  `` its pronounced gjynaaa . 
  it 's the best gjyna i tell you . '', 
  it will be useful if you invent a time machine . 
  `` here donald , let me tell you about luxembourg . 
  find an old castle and get a gazillion bankers inside . 
  then add 10-30 countries . 
  you 'll make the best europe , believe me . '', 
  plenty of female leaders in europe , and none of them were the wife of ex-president . 
  hello , person from another universe !, 
   he has made america irrelevant and made putin relevant, 
  he 's a very nice chap , soft spoken and even charismatic . 
  but he did pretty bad really , and in the process caused an immigrant crisis in europe . 
  to say thanks would be very insincere , like a trophy for effort . 
  i just clicked luxembourg . . wow, 
  except cyprus, 
  looking for loans, 
  i wish we could learn from that . 
  the us , through fierce and intense deliberation has done it again . 
  i am optimistic about the trump presidency . 
  america , and the world at large needed the jolt to wake because they re asleep at the wheel . 
  they 're stuck in a secular stagnation ; if protectionism is what it takes for wages to pick up , so be it . 
  i also welcome trump 's statement to stop their pointless bloody wars and constant interventionism . 
  please do n't bother responding with the typical insults . 
  i wont continue this thread . 
  wow , even my country , which is literally hanging by a rope by european money , is not in favor of it . 
  edit : wait thats just `` support by members of the european parliament '' on defense policy . 
  uk and france are the two countries that uphold the liberal values of europe and unconditionally defend them . 
  it 's one of the things the rest of us need to work on . 
   who seriously undervalue their own country self-deprecating jokes are a hallmark of british humor . 
  it 's very likely ; but he will make one , like every president . 
  we have to stop with these panic-posts . 
  you can also watch his interview with charlie rose : https://charlierose.com/videos/29349?autoplay=true, 
   this army . 
  that army is never gon na happen . 
  it 's more likely the us will leave nato . 
  we have to stop with these apocalyptic posts . 
  trump is not even president yet .
