and of course now everyone from the other parties ( politicians and voters ) complain that the only topic of this election was the refugee crisis . 
  my facebook feed is full of it . 
  well no shit people , this is what you get . 
  are we still calling these people `` refugees '' ? 
   even taxi drivers , who helped refugees for a solidarity fee or the local transportation tariff , haha , there was a fleet of taxi drivers on the austrian hungarian border who charged the `` refugees '' absolutely ridiculous prices to drive them to vienna . 
  so much for solidarity . 
  and the guy from the article did it only for the money as well . 
  these people make it damn near impossible to feel any kind of sympathy for them . 
  this guy is a fucking moron . 
  no please do n't, 
  5000 lol . 
  quick , somebody bring this breaking news to merkel !, 
  they are obviously wrong . 
  all of the refugees are peaceful doctors and lawyers . 
  if somebody finds out who they are they probably wo n't survive the night . 
  would n't that be ironic . 
  first hungary builds a fence to keep the migrants out , and a couple months later the fence keeps them in . 
  how did they come up with that number of 120 000 ? 
  last weekend alone 23 000 `` refugees '' crossed the austrian border alone . 
  over the next 2 years we will have to deal with a far greater number then that if the eu continues to be such a pushover and ca n't control it 's outer borders . 
  are you for real ? 
  do you realize that you are talking about a country where women literally get treated like subhumans ? 
  http://www.worldcrunch.com/syria-crisis/syria-039-s-silent-war-crime-systematic-mass-rape/c13s15245/ http://www.genocidewatch.org/images/syria_12_07_11_the_ultimate_assault.pdf http://www.madre.org/uploads/misc/1402077548_syriacedawshadow%20final%20eng%205.27.14%20pdf.pdf i 'm pretty sure women are better off in germany , call me crazy . 
  wow , who would have thought that these people behave exactly the same as in their homecountries ? 
  liberals all across europe are shocked . 
  this is so disgusting . 
  faymann is a complete embarrassment . 
  the people who read bild regularly are probably not intelligent enough to install addblock in the first place . 
  nothing will change , democrats will stay in power . 
  you are right , the people of flemings should be held accountable for what they created in the middle east . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing the massive butthurt on my facebook feed tomorrow . 
   it 's not like they want to leave their homes !, 
  yes they do otherwise they would n't leave . 
  did the people in the village have any say in this ? 
  or are they basically forced to `` welcome '' them ? 
  i mostly agree with op . 
  i ca n't remember a situation in the past where the opinion that was portrayed by the media and the opinion of the public was so different . 
  it drives me nuts that every article has a picture of a mother and her crying child on top of it . 
  until germany realizes they ca n't take all of them and force other european countries to take them in . 
  nice !, 
  3 million more hard working tax payers !, 
  what a beautiful bunch . 
  i 'm sure they will integrate and find a job straight away . 
  they were desperately and violently trying to lynch their bosses , yeah . 
  yes the women and children should definitely stay behind in the warzone , good thinking ireland . 
  germany and austria have to learn the hard way ... 
  the enthusiasm has died down , even the most liberal person has now realized that we do n't have enough space to welcome everyone  . 
  but everyone who dares to say anything other than `` all refugees are welcome '' is a racist nazi according to my facebook feed . 
  federal interior minister thomas de maizi\u00e8re ( cdu ) has criticized the behavior of some refugees in zdf heute-journal . 
  he said , until the summer of the refugees were grateful `` to be with us '' . 
  you had asked , `` where is the police , which is the federal office . 
  where your spread towards us . '', 
  the have since then but changed . 
  it must be said clearly that germany of the refugees a `` arrive culture '' expect , the interior minister said . 
  meanwhile , there were many refugees who believed they could themselves `` somewhere assign '' de maiziere said . 
  `` they go out facilities out , order a taxi , have surprisingly the money to drive hundreds of kilometers through germany . '', 
  they also went on strike because they did not like or did trouble because they did not like the food for a hotel . 
  `` they beat in asylum facilities . '', 
  while this is still a minority , de maiziere said . 
  `` but since we have to say clearly who is coming here to germany , the need can be distributed to where we bring him to assume a fair and recognize our legal system . '', 
  when asked whether germany had arrived at the limit of what is possible , the minister replied : `` we can not do easily - that 's a great effort . '', 
  the large number of unregistered refugees in germany he sees as a `` serious problem '' . 
  de maiziere suggested reaching out to turkey . 
  `` when was currently talking about borders and immigration restrictions , this does not concern the german-austrian border , but the area turkey-greece '' . 
  turkey is a neighboring country of syria , where millions of people fleeing the civil war for several years . 
  many refugees want from turkey towards europe . 
  they often try going to reach the greek islands near the turkish coast . 
  federal interior minister thomas de maizi\u00e8re has previously spoken in his speech to the bundestag on recognition culture . 
  he admonished thereby refugees in germany , to abide by the laws and values of their host country . 
  very lovely . 
  i 'm sure they will integrate themelfs quickly and find a job right away . 
  you know the situation is bad when india 's women minister say `` well yeah , but at least we are not as bad as sweden '', 
  germany . 
  we are basically part of them anyways , at least politically . 
  translation : eventually , it has in 2013 just passed tania kambouri : after an application in which the greek-born german policewoman of immigrants once only desolate insulted and had been offended , she sat down on the service end to the pc and wrote a letter to the journal of the police union gdp . 
  and it got a lot of encouragement from their peers . 
  meanwhile , she has written a book , to - as she says - `` to put his finger in the wound '' , even though it is aware how explosive the issue is . 
  trigger for the urgent letter was a nasty insult by a turkish-born man was who had called the police , but did not want to kambouri and her colleague , which he dubbed as `` bull sluts '' , entertain . 
  `` what does the future in germany if delinquent migrants ( continued ) refuse to accept the rules in their host or home country ? 
  '' , asked the then 30-year-old kambouri working in patrol . 
  `` my colleagues and i are daily with delinquent migrants , including mostly muslims ( turks , arabs , lebanese , etc. ), 
  faced , which do not have the slightest respect for the police , '' said the cop with a migration background . 
  german colleagues and friends would express her opposite many times that they no longer feel at home in their own country . 
  something that she could confirm , since they are also no longer feel comfortable as a migrant because the majority of foreign offenders in many parts of her hometown bochum so tambouri . 
  `` my german colleagues are afraid to express their opinion about convicted foreigners , because immediately the same old story with the nazis begins , '' she wrote in 2013 in her urgent letter to the gdp . 
  `` where we are now landed '' it can not be but that police officers hardly have any rights and that people who do not respect the basic law and have created an ( illegal ) parallel society do here and can can what they want . 
  `` where we are now landed ? '', 
  asked kambouri in its letter . 
  `` is it come this far that the german police or the state itself has ( negative ) adapt and we must restrict and give up our democratic idea in certain life / use situations ? '', 
  kambouris possible solution : a harder line against lawbreakers germany with an immigrant background . 
  she called in her letter serious sanctions as appropriate fines , reduction or withdrawal of benefits , prison and , if necessary even expulsion . 
  `` because in the countries of origin want hardly any return , since there the living conditions of the local government support with not comparable and often deficient , '' she concluded her letter . 
  the response was overwhelming : hundreds of police colleagues supported their contribution and encouraged them to carry their criticism in public . 
  `` i want to put the finger in the wound '' you incitement against foreigners not kambouri said in an interview with the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung , because they `` have even a history of immigration '' . 
  you stand merely for the great majority of migrants who is well integrated . 
  and that 's why one should not close our eyes in front of a minority who terrorize entire neighborhoods . 
  as a police officer and wife of greek origin it is particularly vulnerable to the attacks on the street , she says . 
  with its 200-page book `` germany in blue light - emergency a police officer '' , which is the beginning of october appear , she fights back and comes - by its own account - hence the suggestion of her colleagues for : `` i want the finger in the wound laying , although i am aware how explosive the issue is '' . 
  it is high time to change the basics . 
  `` if we do not , instead , be blinded by social and cultural relativists romantics or even longer tackle problems only half-heartedly , our society is facing an inner ordeal '' , is equal to read the first few pages of her book .
