i 'll take my chances with the fins ... 
  ireland 's loss of the irish language has nothing to do with people going abroad , certainly not in modern times . 
  all of my english friends call it monopoly money  _ , 
  \\ #neithercanyou, 
  you really think this is the end of capital controls ? 
  even if finland vote no , majority prevails . 
  finland only have like 2 % of the vote in a majority vote scenario . 
  should the summit 's decision be folded and greece booted out of the euro because one party in a coalition in one ( small voting power ) country is holding it 's breath over the matter ? 
  which is democracy and which is not ? 
  if it 's declared an emergency decision ( 85 % majority ) it does n't matter if finland agrees , no ? 
  what will happen to greece is more obvious and immediate , thats why people are talking about it . 
  if greece ca n't access funds , they have to print their own currency and work from that and there 's a very clear path to currency value crash from there . 
  for the eu , it 's a little less clear . 
  depending on the state of greece 's debts and their trade agreements ( or lack thereof ) with creditors , there could be other indebted countries lining up to leave . 
  with the bollocking greece got over the weekend , it 's unlikely for them to get this favourable scenario from a default . 
  the most likely outcome is an example being made of them , even more so having seen the activity over the weekend . 
  creditor countries applying trade sanctions etc. 
  the eu would hope that it 's members and more generally the world would see greece as an outlier , the weakest , most unpredictable member of an otherwise solid union and that others who leave will end up worse off also . 
  the euro has been * relatively * stable over the ups and downs of the present negotiation . 
  it probably wo n't be damaged too much if greece were to leave , but the direction it travels in the short , medium and long term depends on which of those 2 views is taken on the grexit . 
  the fund is in athens , that was one of the compromises they insisted on . 
  that seems to be the narrative ( not that i agree with it ) for many if this deal works out . 
  5 months turned into 3 years on the same terms with a lot of cash up front , debt cuts to be negotiated etc. 
  that 's certainly how they 're going to sell it anyway . 
  i think anyone who plays a game of chicken using their own country and comes out on top will be considered lucky by some people . 
  accents are one thing , at least you 're speaking the same words , the dialects of the irish language mean that even basic phrases and greetings use different words and sometimes even sentence structure depending on the area you 're in . 
  i 'm not saying that greece are notorious tax dodgers or that they should be on the list or anything . 
  i 'm just saying a list that compares raw figures is going to have countries with massive economies and massive populations on it over anything else , and as such is irrelevant for making an argument on greece . 
  your picture is a much better one to start a discussion on . 
  this is n't per capita , or as a percentage of gdp , or as a percentage of total tax payable or anything . 
  why would the fact that a tiny country like greece did n't make the list matter if it 's raw totals ? 
  i thought waterford whispers was a satirical site ... why are they now doing real news stories ? 
  it 's kind of fitting given the ambiguity of their referendum . 
  they have a lot more to lose if indebted nations realise that holding their breath will give them better terms and a haircut . 
  greek negotiations with europe were even worse , lots of scaremongering , bluffing and childishness on both sides until greece withdrew from negotiations to arrange this farcical referendum with little notice * after * the first major debt deadline . 
  if they miss the next few due this month , whatever 's left of the greek economy by then will collapse entirely . 
  which means that change is necessary soon to change that crash course , regardless of the outcome , and a vague referendum does n't really facilitate quick action . 
  absolutely right , which is why people do n't really know what they 're voting on . 
  for some it 's a vote of confidence in the current government , for some it 's voting in austerity , or an exit from the eurozone , or hoping that a no means a better bailout deal can be negotiated or a yes means they can somehow put the deal back on the table . 
  no one knows at all what a yes or a no means in practical terms . 
  female herself under 18 . 
  so say if a 15 year old boy and a 15 year old girl have sex , the boy is liable for the crime , the girl is not . 
  women can not be punished for having heterosexual sex under the age of consent , men can . 
  something about being able to come forward in the case that they might be pregnant . 
  in ireland the age of consent is 17 , but women * can not * be convicted for heterosexual sex below the age of 18 . 
  given the events that are included to contribute to ireland 's high rating ( irish drug gangs attacks on each other ) as terrorist attacks , i think it 's a fair point that being at war mucks up these figures . 
  yep , possible terrorist attacks on [ x day/week ] are just a daily reality and have been for ages . 
  your chances of being involved in one are still extraordinarily slim . 
  no it 's not . 
  irish does n't have a set yes or no . 
  you can only repeat back the positive/negative of the verb you 're asked with . 
  sea is a shortened is ea = it is . 
  commonly used also is t\u00e1 ... = [ pronoun ] am/is both are fine words for yes depending on the circumstances . 
  irish is fucking weird . 
  what 's this for ? 
  to remove the temptation to unplug a life support machine to charge your iphone ? 
  without it , people would have voted very differently . 
  the system influences the way people vote significantly . 
  for example if you live in any of the * always 70-30 `` decided '' states * , you 're less likely to get out to vote for someone who is * never , ever , ever * going to win that state . 
  if it was decided by popular vote , these people now voting because they might actually have an impact would affect the results . 
  the opposite is true for the current swing states , since they are no longer the sole deciders of who actually wins the election in this hypothetical . 
  this does n't even take into account how campaign strategies would wildly differ in this scenario . 
  so again to clarify : the results , if it were a popular vote , would be different , and given the already razor thin margin , it 's impossible to say with certainty who would have won in this hypothetical . 
  edit : to use your ireland example ... 
  the results of our election would certainly have been different if the polls were exactly the same but we threw out transferable votes and preference votes . 
  i do n't however claim to know exactly how the dail would look in such a scenario , * because people would use their vote differently in such a system * . 
  there are certainly many cases where a person who got less first-preference votes got elected over someone with more . 
  if the system was different , so too would the votes be different . 
  people in `` decided '' states but supporting the minority party in that state would be more likely to go out and vote , people in swing states would feel less obliged to vote , since their state is no longer solely deciding who wins the election . 
  you ca n't just totally change the voting system for a thought experiment and not consider the affect it would have on voting . 
  the margin is extremely slim regardless , to say trump would certainly have lost a popular vote , if that were the method of election , is not reasonable . 
  the count is still ongoing , and they 're neck and neck in the popular vote . 
  if he lost the popular vote , it was n't by much . 
  they are 1/5th of a percent apart right now . 
  to say that trump only won because of their electoral college system is a stretch . 
  what a prick he is ... 
  scottish , it 's the `` nae '' that does it . 
  you 'd only get that in a few parts of northern ireland . 
  also irish people do n't say gap yah , even as a piss take . 
  it 's the spelling in the irish language . 
  also in the rural west it is very often called tae . 
   you 'll see the young hustling for their chosen cause on reddit , twitter , facebook , etc. 
  they 're hardly hustling for a cause if they are n't taking actions in the real world towards it . 
  that 's just a front , again backed by laziness or apathy or whatever . 
  i can imagine it 's true that more young people would vote if it were less of a hassle/were online , but that should be a non-issue . 
  that would run contrary to both sides , rather than being a middle ground though . 
  uk gives up all of its special concessions and opt-outs , but still has to pay in a ton , match eu regulations in order to trade freely with them and still maintain open borders . 
  as well as losing its say on those regulations . 
  it 's a step backward for the remain folk , and does n't accomplish anything for the leave side . 
  all this would do is see the uk give up their cushy unique position within the eu . 
  though it may be the only way to salvage the situation in the end . 
  well enough to hold a coherent conversation about something like , say , politics ? 
  no way . 
  i 'd be shocked if it was a tenth of that number . 
  getting a refund on a fairly large purchase later in the week , gunna make a significant profit on it . 
  i mean it 's shocking that she made the effort to go out and vote , and then said she should n't have been allowed to do so ... why not just not vote ? 
  one of the older women in our school voted leave ( the only leave vote in the school ) but said `` i do n't think people my age should have been able to vote '' ?? 
  surprise that he 's announced it immediately . 
  but it would be expected eventually after such a big loss . 
  most people were hoping that he 'd stabilise gbp with his statement this morning .
