  canada is what gives me hope that no matter what happens with global warming , we 've got somewhere to go . 
  right , but there 's a huge difference between saying you want less immigration and saying you want less of a group of your fellow citizens . 
  right , but i thought he was talking about citizens . 
  if he 's talking about people who are n't citizens , then is n't it a matter of immigration policy and a matter of legitimate discussion ? 
  you asked me a question . 
  i was n't trying to be rude . 
   because they ca n't legally give up their moroccan nationality . 
  the moroccan government says you can . 
  the moroccan government enforces its laws upon dutch citizens ? 
  i would think if you 're a dutch citizen , you 'd tell morocco to suck an egg . 
  why on earth would they follow the laws of a country just because generations ago their ancestors lived there and nobody did the paperwork to renounce citizenship ? 
   if everything was 100 % clear than every time a judge was asked something he would always say yes to the question . 
  there 's a difference between determining if an act meets a standard and determining what a standard means , though . 
  if you have a law where people do n't know what the law prohibits , that 's generally considered unjust ( at least where i live ) . 
  that 's some star court tactics . 
  right , but you need to request approval to have a dual citizenship as a moroccan citizen . 
  which is also tedious . 
  but how do they get the passports ? 
  does morocco mail passports to newborn babies in other countries ? 
  if the context was migrants ( not fellow citizens ) then i think it 's a legitimate area for discussion . 
  i think it should be reasonable to say you want more syrians in your country . 
  and also reasonable to say you want fewer . 
  i did n't originally realize this guy was talking about his fellow dutch citizens . 
  saying you want to banish your own citizens from your city/country is pretty messed up . 
  it 's my understanding that you actually need permission from morocco to hold a dual citizenship . 
  also , it looks like you can apply to renounce your moroccan citizenship . 
  so these are dutch citizens who deliberately requested to also be citizens of morocco rather than renouncing their moroccan citizenship ? 
  yes . 
  thank you for the examples . 
   racism is n't always so clear cut and it is why we have judges to spend entire months thinking on those questions . 
  where i 'm from , it 's generally considered really unfair not to have these things be very clear to people before they 're put on trial . 
  it 's very cruel to expect people to be able to follow laws that have meanings only understood by judges . 
   dutch moroccans have two passports/nationalities since they ca n't give up their moroccan passports . 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  why would dutch citizens who do n't live in morocco ever have moroccan passports ? 
   `` americans are stupid , fat and lazy '' - could be considered racism . 
  i mean , that would * definitely * be considered racism according to this rule , right ? 
  that 's way more harsh than what this guy said about moroccans . 
  got it . 
  so is insulting americans considered `` racial discrimination ? '', 
  that just seems really , really weird to me . 
  i 'm american , and i know people rip on us all the time , but i generally consider that to be a legit political argument , not `` racism . '', 
   those of moroccan heritage are part of dutch society , i would think all dutch citizens are part of dutch society . 
  my mistake was in assuming he was n't talking about citizens ( which he apparently was ) . 
  what was the worry that he was advocating ? 
  was he advocating imprisoning or banishing dutch citizens ? 
  i read his comments , and i got the impression he was talking about people who were n't dutch citizens . 
  it 's weird to me that the ambiguity is used to convict him of a crime rather than exonerate . 
  to me , the category `` moroccan '' is a political category , as it literally refers to people who are citizens of another country . 
  if you 're speaking about moroccans , you 're talking about citizens of morocco , not a more abstract group of people . 
  just curious , how was the `` race '' thing explained ? 
  my mistake . 
  i was not aware he was talking about dutch citizens who were simply of moroccan origin . 
  i thought he was talking about immigrants on work permits and the like . 
  i suppose i could see how this is hateful if he was talking about his fellow citizens . 
  i thought it was a matter of deporting non-citizens and/or disallowing future immigration . 
  as someone not even remotely from the netherlands , how exactly do people discuss immigration policy if you 're not allowed to say whether you want more or fewer immigrants from one country or another ? 
  nearly all nations have country-of-origin-based immigration policies . 
  how does one have a discussion about this issue if it 's a criminal offense to say you want to restrict immigration from one country or another ? 
  also , could you really go to jail if you say you have a `` huge problem with americans '' . 
  because i think that should be okay to say . 
  that being said , `` hate speech '' laws are a completely foreign concept to me . 
  you should see how expensive data in antarctica is !, 
   again , you 're working under the presumption that nazism is n't inherently hateful , even though it objectively is . 
  well , no . 
  whether or not someone 's ideology is `` hateful '' is not at all relevant to the point i 'm making . 
  if someone is hateful but peaceful . 
  so be it . 
  my point is that as long as someone remains peaceful ( does n't commit acts of violence or otherwise restrict the rights of others ) that peaceful behavior should be reciprocated , and we should not use violence to subdue non-violent people . 
   we 're talking about cleansing a country of `` inferior '' people yes , but * talking * about horrible things does not warrant a fist to the throat . 
  such things are horrible because they are * acts * of violence and * acts * that restrict others . 
   we 're talking about cleansing a country of `` inferior '' people . 
  it 's not even comparable to an issue such as abortion . 
  i 'm not one of them , but some would disagree . 
  some argue that abortion is the greatest genocide of the unwanted in world history . 
  if someone openly advocates for legal abortion . 
  should those who consider it genocide feel justified in punching someone in the face for holding an idea they find extremely objectionable ? 
   fascist do n't argue in good faith , they know their ideas are hateful , they know all of this , they know that ` cleansing ' a nation will lead to millions of innocents people being dragged out of their homes and sent either to concentration or death camps , but they simply do n't care . 
  this is what they want . 
  honestly just visit one of the fascist subreddits and you 'll see just how toxic their ideology is . 
  all very valid criticism . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  however , no matter how many adjectives we come up with to describe how terrible fascists are , that does n't justify physically harming their bodies . 
  as long as they remain non-violent . 
   and also , we 're not talking about killing people , we 're talking about breaking up their gatherings where they march through places and chant `` jews will not replace us '' , if they ca n't organise they ca n't spread their evil ideology . 
  okay , you can counter-protest all you like , that should be your right as well . 
  but the person i was responding to was clearly talking about physical violence , as they contrasted the treatment of fascists with not needing to physically harm buddhists . 
   should we wait until they are able to organise and get into power and start sending people to concentration camps ? 
  no , you should speak out and campaign and defeat their backwards ideas so they do n't get into power and start sending people to concentration camps . 
  but this notion of `` even though you have n't harmed anyone , i 'm going to kill you or physically harm you because i believe your ideas are dangerous '' has no place in a democratic society . 
  what you 're essentially arguing is `` i 'm worried my ideas wo n't be successful in a democratic system , so i need to kill political opponents whose ideologies i find antithetical to my own , even before they have power . '', 
  one of the way we judge the ethics of behavior is by considering what would happen if everyone behaved a certain way . 
  what if people who hated communism pointed to the millions who died at the hands of the communists and said `` therefore i must kill communists before they destroy my nation . '', 
  what if people who hated sharia pointed to conflicts with human rights and said `` therefore i must kill anyone who advocates sharia before they implement it in my country . '', 
  what if people who were opposed to abortion pointed to the millions of abortions that happen each year and said `` therefore i must kill supporters of abortion to prevent genocide . '', 
  you simply can not have a free and democratic society where people find justification to use violence to combat ideas . 
  i 'm not talking about `` opposing '' any ideology . 
  of course we should all oppose terrible ideologies . 
  i 'm talking about the need to `` physically assault '' and `` fight '' them .
