pretty sure i know what 's going on better than you . 
  i think it has to do with you not understanding what it 's about . 
  wall just got 3 meters higher !, 
  the religion is equally fake , but the religious belief is not . 
  but if we acknowledge that , then this whole `` deference to religion '' thing becomes nonsense . 
  scientology has been restricted , one would imagine the same would most certainly be true of fsm . 
  even in western nations with strong protections for religion , religious protection and exemption generally requires actual faith , which fsm obviously lacks . 
  so i see you 're in the `` ashamed '' camp . 
  that 's fine . 
  good for you . 
  good for you . 
  it 's almost like some people can be proud of tradition , and some people can be ashamed of tradition . 
  left wing politics are designed to benefit the working class , but they are wrapped in a package of values of empathy and compassion which can easily be abused by pretty much anyone to achieve unscrupulous goals of industry . 
  consider for a moment if you are a large multi-national corporation . 
  you see the entire planet as your potential employees . 
  you do n't see nationality . 
  you do n't see culture . 
  you do n't see creed or color . 
  you see 7 billion potential laborers . 
  if you are such a corporation , how do you see the working class of wealthy western nations ? 
  you see them as an annoyance . 
  you see them as privileged , overpaid , demanding , nuisances . 
  why would you ever pay someone $ 2500 a month to do a task someone in ethiopia can do for $ 70 a month , or someone in the philippines can do for $ 600 a month ? 
  or someone in china can do for $ 300 a month ? 
  the only reason these companies would tolerate working class europeans is because they have to due to trade/migration/labor rules for operating in those european markets . 
  so you support every free trade agreement you can to loosen your dependency on working class europeans . 
  you support every ounce of immigration you can get , particularly from nations where there are likely laborers who can do complex labor operations . 
  you support every law which lets anyone from any nation work in any country where you operate . 
  you do all this without any regard for the well-being of working class europeans , and you have the perfect cover for all of this : empathy and compassion . 
  the same left-leaning ideals used to demand great labor conditions in europe are the same ideals you can deploy to proclaim the immorality of any opposition to any of the aforementioned tools to minimize labor costs for multinational corporations . 
  better than that , anyone who opposes these open labor rules , or relaxed immigration policies , or loosened trade restrictions can be painted as simply being afraid of `` the other '' they can be portrayed as fearing race and culture and religion . 
  their efforts can be portrayed as attempting to protect `` purity '' in the same manner as despots of the early 20th century . 
  even good-faith efforts to oppose labor/immigration/trade based on concern for preservation of the working class can be manipulated and twisted and misrepresented as efforts to preserve ethnic purity . 
  he 's not , but trump has a funny way of saying something loudly and unequivocally , being criticized for it , then later having everyone agree with him . 
  at least merkel has been smart enough not to personally respond to trump . 
  because she knows no good could come of it for her or her party . 
  i thin the pendulum in germany is starting to swing back towards reason . 
  for decades germany seemed to think guilt and self-flagellation were the best course of action . 
  now maybe they 're starting to see the worth in having and defending a set of principles , even if that means they might have to oppose someone they wronged in the past , or run the risk of developing an ounce of national pride . 
  `` his willy is smaller than a billy 's '', 
   court ordered that the poem could not be cited scary phrase right there . 
  yes , one is a more creative version of the other . 
  kinda sounds like the king choosing whether to cut off the tongue of the jester . 
  okay , thanks for the info . 
  it 's just that in the us , if you say that white people are under threat and that white people have been mistreated and need to be protected from the rest of society , that 's generally considered to be white separatism/nationalism and many people consider that to be racist . 
  i really appreciate your answer . 
  it 's hard to tell exactly how foreign laws are applied . 
  i more just meant generally . 
  would a campaign that singles out one race and makes broad proclamations about that race be okay ? 
  well . 
  it seems like both . 
  curious , would `` black lives matter '' be legal in germany , or would that be considered a campaign of racism ? 
   he never expressed any personal views . 
  it was only mockery mockery is how some of the greatest minds in history have expressed their personal views . 
  why is it `` responsible '' not to criticize religions ? 
  seems like that sort of thing is quite healthy and responsible . 
  seems like punishing people for expressing their personal views on religion is , itself , irresponsible and downright reckless . 
   actually , it 's a judgement about who has valid reasons to be allowed to die right away upon request . 
  it 's a lot different . 
  it 's not a lot different . 
   if the belgian authorities are unable to properly deal with such violations , then i 'd say it 's a matter of poor law enforcement , rather than ethics . 
  it 's a matter of both . 
  criminal violations of medical ethics are both moral failures and legal failures , but the issue here is why are the moral failures so much higher in belgium than elsewhere . 
   of course , we can agree that having a lot of physicians , who either do n't understand the law or carelessly push its boundaries , is a matter of bad work ethic as well , but that 's almost tautological . 
  it 's not unethical because it 's illegal , it 's illegal because it 's unethical . 
  it 's not just some really weird coincidence that the country that has most embraced euthanasia is also coincidentally the country with this massive problem of doctors deliberately killing people without consent , and a lack of criminal enforcement . 
  both of these stem directly from the the moral restructuring that occurs when you entrust doctors with deciding whether or not it 's acceptable for someone to deliberately die . 
   why would it be so ? 
  law and morality are two very different things . 
  right , i 'm not talking about the law at all . 
   the paper you linked talks about physicians who practice euthanasia without the patient 's explicit written consent , thus breaking the law . 
  it does n't really matter that it 's morally acceptable to them . 
  it 's still a crime . 
  but 1 in 60 people are n't murdered by doctors and nurses in every country . 
  what makes belgium special is the degree to which doctors and nurses are empowered with the authority to make a judgement of who should live and who should die . 
   morality is only relevant as long as a law is being discussed . 
  once a law has been passed by democratic means , whether you morally approve of it or not , you have to follow it , or else you face prosecution ( and if you really think it 's wrong , you can still campaign for changing it ) . 
  but that 's not what 's happening . 
  1 in 60 administered life ending drugs with consent . 
  zero prosecutions . 
  the law is meaningless , this has defaulted to a matter of ethics . 
  you 'll notice what 's happening in your reasoning . 
  you 've made the decision of what 's best for their life , and by doing so their own ability to consent becomes irrelevant . 
  because the act has passed your own moral criteria ( `` let him/her suffer ... that does n't sound humane at all '' ) you 're able to dismiss the near universal belief that children can not consent to medical procedures . 
  this is the fundamental problem people have with euthanasia . 
  once you 've created a system where doctors have the power to authorize death , there is almost no moral imperative to consider the consent of the patient . 
  this is why 1.7 % of deaths in belgium are the result of the deliberate administration of life-ending drugs without the consent of the patient . 
  in most of the world , that 's straight-up murder . 
  that 's not really the tone they took , though . 
  the whitehouse spokesman was basically saying europe needed to leave apple alone or engage in global negotiations over how business operates internationally . 
  not likely . 
  the proceedings in europe were against an apple subsidiary whose profits were considered to be only invested outside the us , which is how they dodged us taxes in the first place . 
  yeah , what really bothered me over here in the us is how the government came out defending apple after the ruling . 
  my taxes go to pay for a government to defend the profits of an `` irish '' for-profit corporation ? 
  obama railed against `` inversion '' and corporations not paying their fair share of taxes . 
  this ruling should be celebrated . 
  instead , it 's just government barking to defend its corporate master . 
  the tech sector in the us has become really slimy when it comes to political influence in the us in recent years . 
  it seemed like once google started really pouring money into lobbying , it just became this giant tech orgy in washington . 
  europe , how ` bout you keep prosecuting our tech giants , and we 'll agree to keep prosecuting fifa .
