  all it did was borrow the piston from the g36 . 
  the rest is nearly identical to an m4 . 
  swapping out a piston to replace di is not a major design change . 
  it 's a very common and simple mod people do to m4s all the time . 
  note hk did n't even modify the bolt carrier other than to chop off the gas key . 
  they did select an american rifle . 
  the hk416 is just an m4 clone . 
  a very , very good clone . 
  but still a clone . 
  the hk 416 also uses `` disposable '' magazines that people just use forever and never throw away . 
  m16s like the 416 generally use aluminum mags , which were not designed to be reused . 
  i think the biggest thing with the famas was the bullpup design , which makes reloading a pain and puts the chamber/ejection port right next to your face which , as you say , makes injury from malfunction more common . 
  also , nobody like lever or roller delayed blowback operated rifles anymore . 
  unless its the mp5 . 
  god do i love the mp5 . 
  technically , though , the senate sets its rules by simple majority . 
  constitutional amendments are very difficult in the us , but treaties only require a simple majority of the congress and the signature of the president . 
  well , he was both a victim and a perpetrator . 
  i did n't mean to suggest he was n't responsible , or did n't deserve to be punished . 
   human procreation and of course procreation in general predates the concept of marriage by quite a large margin , so it 's hardly fundamental in any meaningful way . 
  i think you 're shooting over my shoulder a bit . 
  i 'm not saying marriage is fundamental to procreation , i 'm saying it 's fundamental to the mechanism of producing future generations , which is a whole lot more than insemination , pregnancy , and delivery . 
   from the society/government perspective - which is really what we 're talking about here - the connection between marriage and procreation is even more dubious then why does every society/government restrict marriage on a procreation basis ? 
   it 's fundamentally a social contract between two people with various practical consequences , depending on the particular jurisdiction - for example , often being taxed as a single entity rather than two people similar to a corporation , automatic inclusion for inheritance ( barring a testament saying otherwise , as always ) and extension of miscellaneous benefits originating from being a member of certain organizations or having performed some kind of civil or military service , different consideration for adoption rights , automatic or shortlisted citizenship ... you 're talking about the trappings of licensure , not the motivation for the marriage . 
  we do not have marriage to help people fill out taxes , we have a tax system which accommodates marriage . 
   you 'll note none of these things include the words `` and then they had sex and made babies '' , because most nations do not consider that an integral part of marriage again , then why do we have so many consanguinity laws ? 
  there clearly is . 
  listen , i 'm completely in support of same-sex marriage . 
  i have actually officiated a same sex marriage . 
  i 'm not claiming it 's fair to not allow gays to marry . 
  i 'm not claiming we have laws that consistently base marriage on fertility . 
  however , what i am saying is that there 's a fundamental and meaningful difference between marriage between those of the same sex and marriage between those of opposite sex . 
  it makes it hard for a couple to produce biological offspring . 
  you said you were n't going to reply if my comment had no substance , and it had no substance , 
  a friend of mine got 2 years probation for killing two guys who tried to do this to him as a way of robbing him . 
  the two years was because the second guy had turned to run when he shot him in the back with buckshot . 
  this type of crime is n't very common in the us , because people who do this sort of thing do n't tend to live long . 
  many think `` tolerance '' is admirable , even tolerating criminal behavior . 
  this is a comment section for people to make comments . 
  nobody is providing sources anywhere in this thread . 
  who you choose to demand sources from in a comment section says a lot about your biases . 
  i 'm not asking you to `` buy '' anything . 
  yes , incestuous marriage was okay in the past . 
  only where incestuous reproduction was okay . 
  that proves my point . 
   no , it 's not ? 
  yes it is ? 
   historically speaking : marriages rarely were monogamous or permanent . 
  historically , they were permanent . 
  however , marriage historically was viewed more as a woman being exclusive to a man , not the other way around , and it sometimes happened that a man would marry multiple women . 
   many children were n't and are n't being raised by their biological parents yes , `` many '' people do n't fit the ideal institutional mold , which is neither here nor there . 
  most children , however , are raised by their biological parents . 
  historically . 
   most children are much more shaped by their experience in school than they are by their legal guardians once they 're old enough for it yes , but being `` shaped '' is not the same as being raised . 
  the point is not for parents to have absolute influence . 
  it 's absolutely not my view , nor do i care about incestuous marriage . 
  however , the institution of marriage greatly predates both of us , and is absolutely part of the nearly universally recognized ideal mechanism of raising offspring whereby children are raised by the biological parents in a monogamous , lifelong relationship . 
  again , the point of me bringing up incestuous marriage was not to be a distraction . 
  it 's illustrative of the fact that we see marriage in the context of reproduction . 
  sorta . 
  marriage is a tool we use in the process of producing a healthy future generation , and reproduction is an essential part of that process . 
  why do you think incestuous marriage is so taboo ? 
  marriage is a social institution fundamental to the mechanism by which we produce future generations of humans . 
  namely , offspring raised by their biological parents in a permanent , monogamous relationship . 
  i 'm not talking about who is and is not allowed to marry , i 'm just saying there 's a difference . 
  i mean . 
  you can give a vegan a hunting license , too . 
  if they really want it . 
  you can license a car you never intend to operate on the roads . 
  if you really want to . 
  being facially incapable of producing biological children is pretty huge , particularly considering the reasons we have marriage in the first place . 
  i think that was the parent 's point . 
  he was a norwegian citizen raised in the uk . 
  they 're taking it back . 
  it 's because early on they put a stake in the ground that opposition to immigration was inherently racist . 
  that 's not a stake they can easily pick back up . 
  merkel could n't pull up the stake , she just planted more stakes and said essentially `` all the rest of you are racist if you do n't take all these immigrants instead of germany . '', 
  and now we 're seeing the startling outcome of not acknowledging errors . 
  turkey , at the worst possible moment , is likely to be accepted to eu because of this . 
  mohamed had a gun in the truck attack too . 
  even when they use a truck instead of a gun , they still have a gun . 
  how many college courses on european politics do they take in college in the uk ? 
  another way to look at it is `` can someone who never lived through the formation and development of the eu actually understand its merits and demerits ? '', 
   they explicitly dismissed facts and experts . 
  how can you say this ? 
  voting other than how an expert tells you does n't mean you 've dismissed the expert . 
  right , but it was presented as if that was some sort of a bad thing . 
  like old people and/or people with less formal education were somehow less able to be informed participants in a democracy . 
  exactly . 
  it was pretty popular after the vote for people to dismiss the outcome as the result of `` old '' or `` uneducated '' people . 
  this is just demographic bashing . 
  they will if they want a quick resolution to this like they 're demanding . 
  they ca n't say `` make it happen now ! '', 
  but also dictate terms . 
  eu wants it quick for their own selfish reasons , so they 'll likely have to give a bit to the uk which has 2 + years to drag its feet . 
  lovin ' the downvotes in this thread . 
  i think the eu 's economy is gon na be fine considering all the salt they 're exporting now . 
  i 'm not canadian , but i own a house there and i travel through the more desolate parts of canada often ( mostly yukon and nw territories ) . 
  canada has a lot of unpopulated forest land . 
  like , when you 're out in those remote areas , you keep an extra 100 liters of petrol in your car because sometimes the distance between cities that support petrol stations is longer than the range of a car .
