in the immortal words of schoolchildren everywhere : `` yeah , well you started it '' . 
   but the idea of france being culturally the most connected with uk seems a little weird to me . 
  i agree with this . 
  i 've met lots of dutch and belgians and found them so culturally similar to us that i expected france would be even more similar for all the reasons / u/martelfirst outlined . 
  but i went to france a few weeks ago and was shocked at the difference . 
  we 're really not similar at all . 
  it 's true that i felt at home in paris but i put that down to me studying french for many years and understanding almost everything people were saying more than any deep cultural similarity . 
  i was in paris , a little town in the vall\u00e9e de la loire , and bordeaux which is supposedly an extremely british city and controlled by britain for much of its history . 
  maybe if i ventured outside paris into normandy and the rest of the north i 'd feel different , but honestly i saw no similarities at all . 
  it felt more like southern europe to me . 
  if you erased all language knowledge from my head and dropped me back there i 'd believe you if you told me i was in spain or italy . 
  the only thing we share is our role in the eu and military doctrine , but that 's not a cultural similarity that 's due to our colonial pasts . 
   it felt eerie because it was so similar to ireland so the differences seemed even weirder if you follow ? 
  i know this feeling . 
  while in france i was surprised to see `` irish '' pubs absolutely everywhere . 
  the world seemingly inherited the american fetish for everything irish . 
  i wandered into a few out of curiosity and it was bizarre . 
  it was a strange mixture of britain and ireland . 
  there were generic irish beers like guinness and something that looked like the irish version of john smith 's . 
  there were also token english beers like fuller 's london pride . 
  it was well into uncanny valley . 
  i did n't drink at a pub my entire time in france . 
  i switched to wine and drank at bars with the other internationals . 
  when in rome and all that . 
  80 % of the tax revenue would come from the city of london . 
  one city in one nation of the eu . 
  so naturally everyone else thinks it would be a marvellous idea . 
  when the uk vetoed it french and german papers could print in big letters `` uk only nation to veto financial transaction tax '' and readers can grumble into their morning coffee how the uk is always blocking the eu and then go on about their day without looking into the details . 
  i 'm not close to fluent in french but i can still cringe when someone 's french is awful . 
  when someone speaks french using english sounds it 's almost painfully bad . 
  hell i even cringe at my own attempts to speak french most of the time . 
  lots of english fails in this thread , so ... [ here 's a finnish politician trying to give an interview in french . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l99ipwhpklw ) the cringe is strong with this one . 
   especially considering how british jokes about germany start with the war and end with the fourth reich , with an occasional joke about towels ` und disziplin ' in the middle . 
  actually those are considered just as low-brow and unsophisticated as this show . 
  whenever germany came up on top gear it would take all of about 15 seconds for someone to make a war or hitler joke . 
  it just gets embarrassing after a while . 
  it 's crude and unoriginal . 
  it means it will be something along the lines of : `` do you think the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union ? '', 
  yes/no . 
  but that they do n't know the exact wording yet . 
  the pro-eu guys would be fairly happy with a question like that , but the euroskeptics would much rather have an negative question like : `` should the united kingdom be an independent self-governing nation and leave the european union ? '', 
  yes/no . 
   what 's the point of the uk being a member of the eu , if they opt-out of most things that this union is about ? 
  because the pro-eu crowd have been scaremongering and smearing and made people believe that leaving the eu is economic suicide and will instantly crush all trade with europe . 
  they smear euroskeptics as being all fringe racist loony kippers . 
  that 's why people want to stay in the eu but hold seemingly incompatible viewpoints . 
  if the average person was more informed i suspect there would be a lot more support for leaving . 
  hopefully there 'll be a more reasoned debate than the uncoordinated mess we had before we knew a referendum was definite because honestly i 'm undecided myself right now . 
   hi , / r/europe !, 
  what beer , that ** is n't ** from your country , is your favourite ? 
  but yeah jaipur is amazing . 
  use [ tunein ] ( http://tunein.com ) , that way you do n't have to bookmark a bunch of different radio station websites . 
  you can also list stations by location or genre etc. 
  if i was retiring for a quiet life to potter around , speak to the people , absorb the culture . 
  it would be france . 
  but i 'm not . 
  i 'm a science student , so it would have to be germany . 
  they have an amazing scientific and engineering legacy and tradition , just like the uk . 
  the people and culture are so similar to our own . 
  it 'd definitely be germany . 
  we 're like those enemies that put on a brave show of disliking each other , but secretly are glad for each other 's existence and would back each other up in a second . 
  without france , the uk would never have become the military power it is today because we 'd have had no big rival to race against . 
  without the uk and france the eu would be [ pretty screwed when it came to the military ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#the_united_kingdom_and_france ) . 
  france has 1 large nuclear powered aircraft carrier , the uk has 2 under construction . 
  we 're also the only 2 countries with nuclear deterrents . 
  together we account for 70 % of the eu 's spending on military research and development . 
   globalization is so complete at this point that a world war is in almost no ones interest . 
  please . 
  they said the exact same things in the run up to wwi . 
  the human mindset is that the times we live in are somehow different and disconnected . 
  people have trouble bridging the gap and inserting themselves into what it was like back then . 
  to us the 1910s seem like just another chapter in history but to them they were entering a new age . 
  modern like nothing that went before them . 
  the height of technology and empire . 
  telegraph lines across both the atlantic and even the pacific ocean in 1902 . 
  you could telegram hong kong from the uk . 
  the world was interconnected on a level it never was before . 
  all the european powers had come of age and stopped the major fighting long ago and surely any world dispute , especially one between such civilised western european nations as france england and germany , would be settled as gentlemen through diplomacy . 
  right ? 
  what are these , pictures for ants ? 
  larger resolutions ( a bit ) [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/gallery/2014/feb/18/army-ration-packs-in-pictures ), 
  site got hugged to death , so [ here 's a screenshot . 
   `` the theory department have some crackpot idea about life forms called midi-chlorians , but frankly i think that poorly thought out explanations like that just detract from how cool the force really is . '', 
  this is the best bbc story . 
  the infamous [ spaghetti harvest . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvo_wkxh9du ), 
  illuminatry confirmed, 
  i am more scared by the extreme left than the extreme right . 
  the extreme right are almost comedic . 
  people want to ban them from appearing here or having a say there , but i 'm not worried . 
  often the best strategy is just to let them make themselves look like fools because they do a better job than we ever could . 
  trying to ban them from talking only helps their cause . 
  but the extreme left ? 
  the extreme left are scarier . 
   `` the right thinks the left are wrong . 
  the left thinks the right are * evil * '' there 's this strange self-righteous superiority complex from the extreme left . 
  they go about trying to be the most liberal accepting ` enlightened ' person in the room and then they pull stunts like this , effectively trying to censor and bully a legitimate political party . 
  freedom of speech for all !, 
  but the challenger 2 is the greatest tank in the world !,
