  all of this is fine and all , but 2/4 of the major political parties are explicitly against any kind of reform that would allow catalonia to vote , and psoe is most definitely against it too even if they have sometimes hinted at some kind of action . 
  so , in the end , there 's zero chance of the spanish government ever making the kind of changes that are needed to solve the situation in catalonia ; let 's not forget that all the official channels were explored before turning to the unilateral option . 
  what are catalans supposed to do then ? 
  wait forever until maybe one day hundreds of years from now the spanish government will allow a referendum ? 
  this is a political issue and spain should handle it as a political issue , not a legal one . 
  again with this ? 
  the vote was held just after almost 40 years of dictarorship . 
  of course people voted for the democratic option . 
  how is it not impossible when the major parties but podemos are unwilling ? 
  the constitution has been changed already since the independence movement gained traction 5 years ago . 
  so it seems the constitution is only immutable when it 's convenient . 
  depends on how you define far right wing . 
  the gag law they passed is about as authoritarian as any far right party would dare to go . 
  holy shit , i gave a casual glance to your post history and you 're a complete nutjob . 
  you must really miss franco , right ? 
  if you do n't consider pp far right . 
  the party founded by a former francoist minister . 
  he 's on point with his comment though ; the pp has a strong tendency to revert back to their roots ( francoism ) , for an example see the gag law . 
  why is quebec a country within a country and catalonia just a region ? 
  i 'm pretty sure catalonia has a much much longer history . 
  go watch 30 rock ya dufus . 
  thanks for some common sense . 
  rallying for a cause is not a kidnapping . 
  the majority of the electorate voted for parties that openly stated they would n't facilitate rajoy 's investiture . 
  so , the majority of the electorate voted directly against pp , i 'd consider that a loss . 
   pp ran on an explicit position of not changing rajoy and the psoe ran on an explicit position of not supporting rajoy . 
  besides , they did n't `` win huge '' , they got more votes than any other party but not enough to form . 
  there are many more people who voted against rajoy as a president than for it . 
  i find it * very * hard to believe the percentage is so low for spain . 
  maybe we are simply more self-conscious about it . 
   bound to ~ ~ no one 's ~ ~ the programmers ' will . 
  the nerd shall inherit the earth . 
  yeah , it 's gon na be way sooner than that . 
  basic income is going to become a necessity . 
  to quote stephen hawking : * `` the outcome will depend on how things are distributed . 
  everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared , or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution . 
  so far , the trend seems to be toward the second option , with technology driving ever-increasing inequality . 
  '' * people may be afraid of basic income , but the alternative is global poverty in the near future . 
  learning things is useful , but books are not * merely * for learning . 
  a good book has an aesthetic value , can have philosophical insights , gives you different perspectives on things , shows a glimpse of life in a particular place and time , entertains through a good story , expands your knowledge , stimulates your imagination ... 
  yes , there are bad books and interesting online articles , but there 's no substitute for reading a good classic . 
  just as there 's no substitue for staying informed of current events , politics , history ... 
   it 's as if majority of young people are satisfied with getting their degree in stem and spending their free time watching online shows and reading internet comments . 
  it 's depressing . 
  this is exactly where we 're headed , and that 's not counting the people with no studies whatsoever that eat up the shit that 's on tv all day . 
  but it 's hardly surprising , the big entertainment industries spend billions upon billions on advertising every year , and sartre 's estate ( for example ) , sadly , does not . 
  video games , superhero movies and sci-fi online shows are the only kind of culture most people consume nowadays , and it 's getting worse . 
  a book a week is not really a super high average . 
  it 's a good average , that 's it . 
  yes , but it 's even worse than that . 
  the average romanian teen ( or twenty-something ) does n't browse political forums in english and engage in online debates . 
  the people commenting here are , generally speaking , above-average educated people , compared to their country folks . 
  so when the most upvoted comment in this discussion shows a profound disdain for literature , it does n't just mean that people here are young . 
  it means the cultural level across europe is probably much lower than it was 50 years ago . 
  learning things is useful , but books are not * merely * for learning . 
  a good book has an aesthetic value , can have philosophical insights , gives you different perspectives on things , shows a glimpse of life in a particular place and time , entertains through a good story , expands your knowledge , stimulates your imagination ... 
  yes , there are bad books and interesting online articles , but there 's no substitute for reading a good classic . 
  now this is just sad . 
  reading is a habit . 
  the average best seller reader is more likely to pick up a good classic every now and then than someone who has n't read a book in years . 
  and no amount of professional articles can convey the cultural significance of literary classics . 
  which is not to say that articles have no value , but do n't delude yourself into thinking that literature is n't one of the cultural hallmarks of humanity . 
  as someone from barcelona ... no , that 's not it haha . 
  why are we having this discussion again ? 
  i ask because when you 're objectively wrong you just say `` it 's fucking retarded '' and call it a day . 
  that 's not constructive at all . 
  look , you clearly feel super passionate about this topic for whatever reason , and you have already decided which side is * completely * right , and which side is * completely * wrong . 
  but looking at things from such a black and white perspective is rarely the right approach , and by being unwilling to accept different views than your own you 're doing a disservice to ** yourself ** . 
  in the end , you 're not going to change my opinion if you 're not willing to debate the arguments i 'm presenting you and the only thing you achive is to make me lose some minutes ( haha , jokes on you , i 'm bored to death ) . 
  you 're not even addressing my points ... you 're just being contrarian for its own sake ( or because it suits you , of course ) . 
   read again before showing off your math skills . 
  i took 20 % of californian which is about the same sample size for usa than what cataluna is to spain . 
  if catalunian 's independentis were from usa , they would be 8 ~ 10m . 
  not 30-60 like he is calling it . 
  seriously . 
  read . 
  again . 
  he said 25 % of the population of catalonia marched on barcelona , therefore if catalonia was the us , that would mean 30-60 million people marching on dc . 
  spain is not in the analogy !, 
   ( when you still have plenty of people interested about it in cataluna ) says who ? 
  this was brought to the parliament as a ilp , a petition from the citizens , and the people who voted for it to become law were the elected members of parliament who clearly serve as a representation of the population . 
  and you just know better ? 
  bullfighting is just not popular in catalonia and the decision to ban it was not made to `` piss off madrid '' . 
  again , that 's your bias showing . 
   i was n't talking about that . 
  like every politician , cataluna has it 's fair share of corruption . 
  when i was living there , it was the mayor of barcelona and prostitution behind the market of the rambla . 
  pretty sur there was more since . 
  if we had to make a riot everytime a politician does n't hold is word , the world would be in rumble . 
  ah but i * was * talking about that , and so was the op . 
  you 're disregarding the whole mess with the estatut , which was a big issue in catalonia at the time , saying `` but you 're corrupt too '' . 
  that 's has nothing to do , and yeah , newsflash , corruption is everywhere in the world . 
   like i said '' especially given how risky building infrastructure for a region that just think about leaving . '' . 
  also , madrid does n't have any naval access and they ai n't crying about it . 
  you get the sea , they get the highway . 
  this was happening years before the independence campaing picked up steam . 
  so you 're saying , instead of negotating with catalonia its relationship with the rest of spain , the central government should neglect the catalan infrastructures in case one day they secede ? 
  you must surely realize how that 's completely ridiculous . 
  now be honest , do you want to debate this with an open mind or are you just spewing hate because you 've already made up your mind and catalans are the bad guys in your black and white world ? 
  because i * know * the catalan side is full of assholes and lies too .
