   our constitution explicitly forbids the secession of any region do n't you see how that is a bit anti-democratic ? 
  feelings are always respectable , denying people their rights it 's not . 
  i like estopa 's take on the issue : they feel spanish and catalan , they do n't want independence , but they understand that a referendum is needed . 
  so what if it 's unimportant in the grand scheme of things ? 
  if the matter is important to catalans , we have a right to decide by ourselves . 
  there were no fake acusations , `` only '' a smear campaign orchestrated by the minister in order to influence a democratic referendum . 
  he also talked about leaking documents from the anti-fraud organization to the press . 
  i 've enjoyed having a civic conversation about this with a madrile\u00f1o . 
  in the end , i 'm afraid that whatever happens the powerful will remain powerful , the poor will remain poor , and the middle class will get fucked . 
  as it has always been . 
  i hope you were n't looking for optimism here haha . 
  i do n't know what i would or would not risk , really . 
  my opinion is largely irrelevant ; if independence ends up happening it will be because of more draconian or outright illegal measures taken by the pp , or a great campaign by erc , or more damning leaks , whatever . 
  as i 've said , i 'm on the fence and whenever i debate this issue i usually take the opposite position to the one of the person i 'm debating , to try and make them see that everyone has valid reasons and there are idiots in both sides . 
  if it ever comes to a vote i 'll probably vote yes because , as i said , a change is needed , but do n't look for me in these massive demonstrations they have or stuff like that . 
  i do n't trust converg\u00e8ncia , of course , but if we 're comparing , here 's what i think : - pp vs converg\u00e8ncia : both corrupt and latched onto power , the pp has more ties to franco and is more regressive in many issues than converg\u00e8ncia ( lgbt rights , free expression , etc. ), 
  - psoe vs. erc : where the psoe is almost as bad as pp in many cases ( andalusia , for example ) , and have been changing their positions and principles at their convenience , erc has almost zero cases of corruption and has always been consistent with their beliefs . 
  - podemos vs. cup : where podemos has somewhat softened their positions to be more marketable , the cup are incredibly firm in maintaining their ways ( to a ridiculous degree sometimes , but still , kudos ) . 
  - pp is basically irrelevant in catalonia ( big plus ) . 
  - psc is rapidly losing relevance , and would have to completely reinvent themselves in a hypothetical independent catalonia . 
  - lastly , there 's generally more diversity in the catalan parliament than in the spanish one ( more parties have a say ) . 
  there 's a lot corruption in catalonia too , i 'm not delusional about that . 
  i mean , we 're southern europeans , not scandinavians haha . 
  but man , yeah , i do feel we have it a bit better politically . 
  i guess that 's what everything comes down to in the end . 
  maybe you 're right then , i have n't been looking at polls lately . 
  but whatever the public opinion is , nothing seems to come from it . 
  i do n't know , i think what has hurt converg\u00e8ncia the most is losing mas and their constant fighting with the cup ( a part from the generalized corruption in their ranks , of course ) . 
  if you 're waiting for pp to lose their majority i would advise that you do n't hold your breath . 
  yes , definitely . 
  i 'm not a staunch defender of independence and i do n't like nationalisms . 
  my ideal scenario would be a federal republic where we could get rid of the remnants of francoism and the `` old guard '' . 
  that 's why my flair is the republican flag . 
  but this scenario is far-fetched science-fiction , i do n't see it happening at all . 
  and the next best thing ... well , you know . 
  at least things would change , both for catalonia and for spain . 
  it could be the wake up call spain needs . 
  i do n't always agree with gabilondo but he 's usually very rational and well-spoken . 
  if only there were more of him and less indas and marhuendas ... 
  honestly ? 
  catalan independence would undoubtedly be a big change , not only for catalonia but for spain too . 
  the pp would lose their biggest selling point for many people ( defender la unidad de espa\u00f1a , etc. ), 
  and bold changes would have to be made to avoid the further disintegration of the state ( euskadi , galicia , etc. ) . 
  i do n't pretend to know what would happen , but this is about the only massive change i can see happening in spain in the near future . 
  the process has stalled , the public has lost interest ; it seems the `` proc\u00e9s '' is in its last legs and nothing has changed at all . 
  man am i bummed . 
  in the spirit of trying to shake things up i 'll probably vote erc too . 
  if i vote at all . 
  i do n't agree ... if the older generation dies before any substantial change is achieved then i 'm afraid the corruption will have spread to the new formations and the only changes will be cosmetic . 
  some drastic change needs to happen imo . 
  right . 
  it did wonders for them until the catalan people got fed up . 
  which is bound to happen at any point in spain , right ? 
  ^ ^ right ? 
  not nearly enough , really . 
  pp is still the most voted party . 
  about half of psoe 's voters have turned to podemos and * some * pp voters have turned to c 's ( which is the same shit with a different face ) . 
  if that 's all that the `` political revolution '' amounts to , count me out . 
  it has done wonders for both pp and ciu ; that 's probably why they kept escalating it all the time . 
  i absolutely think that they are almost equally responsible for the current state of affairs , although the pp 's position is the undemocratic one for sure . 
  that is true . 
  it 's a shame whoever chose the title felt the need to make it even worse , because the actual facts are terrible already . 
  the problem is not so much the government as it is the milions of people that vote for them and will continue to do so in spite of news like this . 
  if you want independence from * them * then i 'm afraid you 'll have to relocate , 
  p\u00fablico is the source , and the story can not be doubted : you can hear the minister itself speaking and the recordings are available to everyone . 
  spain 's `` transition '' from a dictatorship to a democracy was indeed a ruse ( more and more people are realizing that now in spain ) . 
  everyone was pardoned , the same people that ruled then kept their power under the guise of democratic parties , and they have been bending the law or outright ignoring it ever since . 
  the last few years there has been a steady release of leaks to the press ; most of them revealing instances of pp 's corruption . 
  and although it 's undeniably good to see corruption exposed to the public , the timing of these leaks is ever suspicious . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  i mean , if a single source were behind all the leaks ( or , at least , controlling * when * they are leaked ) , this source would be single-handedly swaying the elections and the political landscape of spain . 
  the minister of the interior and justice and the anti-fraud secretary talk about finding dirt on the catalan leaders , and how what they have now is too soft to hold in court ; all in the context of the non-binding independence referendum that was was held shortly after that . 
  they talk about going after family members of said leaders in order to smear them . 
  they also talk about leaking it to the press ( grupo planeta , a major media group in spain ) to make it less suspicious and not implicate themselves . 
  if you need a more in-depth summary i can try to do it later when i have time . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/spanish-minister-and-anti-fraud-office-director-plot-against-cdc-and-erc/ ) has ( part of ) the actual transcripts ; it comes from a catalan source so it 's hardly impartial , but you can judge the words of the minister yourself . 
  [ this other one ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-22/spanish-minister-under-pressure-as-leak-suggests-smear-campaign ) from bloomberg could be seen as less partial , but honestly , seeing how they show the response of the minister but not the actual transcripts , i 'm a bit sceptical too . 
  i do n't know about the spanish government itself ( i do believe they are as incompetent as they seem ) , but the impeccable timing of this leak does make it seem deliberate and made to serve the interests of * someone * . 
  whether this * someone * is trying to help the independence movement or just trying to further antagonize catalans and ( the rest of ) spaniards , that , i do n't know . 
  honestly , as a catalan myself whose on the edge about independence , i do n't know how to feel about any of this . 
  it seems like at this point the `` proc\u00e9s '' is more in the hands of the media and leakers than anyone else , so i 'll just try to make the most of whatever outcome we get . 
  anyone * still * wondering why catalan people want independence ? 
  new information , [ the president ( rajoy ) knew about it ] ( http://www.publico.es/politica/fernandez-diaz-presidente-del-gobierno.html ) . 
  this is a coordinated action of the government and the pp . 
  edit : using the first comment to mention that the `` possible misleading title '' tag in the title refers to the fact that the accusations leaked to the press were not false . 
  the minister was looking for dirt to leak to the press , not fabricating it . 
  you know , the same has been happening in spain for the past few years . 
  the part of me more prone to conspiracies sees an attempt to sow ( even more ) discontent with the political elites , and cause widespread social unrest . 
  i 'm from barcelona and this is sadly true . 
  some of the most historical areas of the city have been lost to low-quality tourism ( les rambles , el park g\u00fcell , la sagrada fam\u00edlia and the neighbouring streets , pretty much passeig de gr\u00e0cia ... ) , to the point where you will find no locals in those areas . 
  barcelona is still my home and i love it despite its flaws but it 's definitely gotten worse and it 's bound to become unsustainable if nothing is done . 
  i 'm really not qualified to say . 
  though i have tried ( and liked ) both ribera del duero wine and porto wine ( we call it simply oporto here in spain ) i would n't be able to compare them ; i appreciate wine but i 'm no expert . 
  technically , ribera del duero wines are almost exclusively red wines made out of tempranillo grapes . 
  rioja , ribera del duero , albari\u00f1o , priorat , pened\u00e8s , and many , many more . 
  our wine is excelent you heathen !, 
  very sad , really . 
  our traditional alcoholic beverage being displaced by cheap lagers and kalimotxo ... 
  in barcelona we used to use a french term , oddly enough : `` la gauche divine '' . 
  is this used in france too ?
