  well , according to wikipedia `` elm park is identified as a district centre in the london plan and a priority for regeneration . '', 
  so maybe it 's a good idea to buy a house there , actually . 
  to be completely honest , i thought the situation of catalan in alghero was even worse . 
  it 's still taught in catalan schools as one of the places outside of catalonia where the language is also spoken ( the balearic islands , the valencian community , the western stripe in arag\u00f3 , north catalonia in france , and alghero ) but i think there 's a feeling that only catalans care enough to keep the language alive . 
  yeah this does n't make sense for spain at all . 
  it would be something like 1.25-1 .3 from people speaking two native spanish languages alone , add to that people that speaks english / french / german etc. 
  and it just does n't seem real . 
  props for giving a surprisingly objective and unbiased explanation . 
  so you blame the natives for the genocide ? 
  way to go champ . 
  2100 $ is the average * gross * salary ( according to wikipedia , it seems way high to me ) . 
  are the minimal wage numbers in gross or net ? 
  the idea is to not let it get to the point of concentration camps and genocide . 
  if only then you can compare him to hitler , then the point of making the comparison is lost ( the point being , helping people see the similarities in their rise to power and prevent him from getting even more power ) . 
  ah , * the right way * . 
  just how european settlers in america entered the country * the right way * , yeah ? 
  ah , yes , how dare the unions stand for workers rights and against the all-mighty neoliberalism . 
  why would someone ever need a thatcher ? 
  what have the french done to you ? 
  and almost banned again just last year thanks to that son of a bitch gallard\u00f3n . 
  i do n't think freedom of speech should protect fascists . 
  people should be free to express * democratic * ideas . 
  do you think germany allows nazi demonstrations and propaganda ? 
  that law was passed by the opposing party ? 
  there * is * a semblance of democracy , but the most powerful party was founded by francoist officials , has a bunch of sons and daughters of francoists in its ranks , and has always refused to condemn francoism , to make reparations to its victims , to nullify francoist trials , etc. 
  the cultural impact of works written in irish is greatly diminished by the fact almost no one speaks the language . 
  that was my point . 
  because the entire cultural legacy of a region becomes indescipherable the moment a language dies out . 
  the work of up to milions of people throughout history to explore the human condition and the intricacies of their societal customs are lost forever and humanity as a whole loses a little bit of its might and worth . 
  but seeing your casual disregard for culture i guess you 'll think i 'm overreacting and whatnot . 
  if people stopped learning catalan who would read catalan literature and poetry , or listen to catalan music ? 
  of course it 's more practical to learn english or mandarin , but going by that logic we should all just speak one language and then the world would lose so much cultural diversity it would be a tragedy . 
  yeah , in catalonia all public schools use catalan as the main language for all subjects except spanish and english , and catalan and spanish as a subject have the same number of hours throughout school and high school . 
  better to try and fight sexism than do nothing at all ; even if it sometimes gets a bit ridiculous ( though in this case it 's only a week-long event to raise awareness to what they believe is a lingering issue ) . 
  [ this is barcelona ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-mkvurk4p2aa/uqyh9fo2zei/aaaaaaaatee/z4nx0wrkoj0/s1600/el+carmel.jpg ) . 
  cheese + crackers + wine is the only nourishment i need for the rest of my life . 
  ( not really . 
  i wish i could survive on that though ) . 
  you know , we spaniards complain * a lot * about our country , and overt patriotism is a bit ... unpopular here , but sometimes , every once in a while , i stop and think about it and i feel like , yeah , this is not a bad place to live . 
  these greedy ( political ) elites get their power from the people that vote for them . 
  we 're all to blame . 
  should women die like real men too though ? 
  i do n't know , i would prefer to die like a real old man . 
  yeah but all this brie and camembert and roquefort has to be eaten wth bread too . 
  it should . 
  if i spoke to you in catalan and you answered in italian we could definitely understand ourselves , but i doubt you would understand catalan poetry ( and viceversa ) . 
  i have actually tried to read books in italian and i got tired of looking up words . 
  i 'm a federalist who would probably vote for independence . 
  i get your worries , i do . 
  but at the same time i feel like something * has * to change in spain . 
  the country has no innovation , no industry ; we 're becoming a corrupt , cheap holiday resort for norther european tourists . 
  i do n't know what will happen if catalonia secedes . 
  but i think a succesful referndum with high turnout ( whatever the result is ) mighr be the wake up call madrid and barcelona need . 
  oh , and if we 're talking about corruption , pp and cdc are not even in the same league . 
  cdc had some scandals and many of the senior members resigned , the party had to change it 's name and new people rose to give a new direction . 
  pp has had so , so many cases of corruption , the party itself is under investigation , all the important figures are involved and they have done * nothing * , and will do nothing because people will keep voting for them, 
  unity in europe is good . 
  subjugation is bad . 
  let 's all be one big european country , and let each nation ( including czechia and catalonia ) deal with their internal stuff . 
  `` somewhat less violent '' - terra lliure : 1 death ( +4 of themselves ) . 
  - eta : 829 deaths . 
  fuck terra lliure and fuck all terrorists but come on , you 're basically lying . 
  if you knew just how many debates , articles , demands , fights , etc. 
  have taken place in the last decades because of this , you would n't spread this misinformation . 
  catalonia is recognized as a `` nacionalidad historica '' which does n't even make sense . 
  nationalism can be a political tool , a casus belli , it can even be used to justify genocide . 
  nationalism can also be a way to ensure the survival of a cultural identity unique to a specific region of the world that would get lost forever because of globalization . 
  catalan is my language and i want it to survive , i want people to still be able to read catalan literature and listen to catalan music 100 years in the future . 
  i 'm afraid nothing is black & white . 
  are you saying wert did n't say that ? 
  i 'm not saying the catalan side is right about everything or vice-verse , but i * would * say the pp would like to `` shove spanish identity '' and the quote i mentioned is very apropos . 
  where you trying the sound like the most condescending person ever , or was it an accident ? 
  also , if the minister of education saying `` hay que espa\u0144olizar a los alumnos catalanes '' is not shoving spanish identity , i do n't know what is . 
  why ? 
  even as a unionist , would you like to know the actual numbers of people for and against independence ? 
  it irks me when anti-referendum people say they 're bored of this situation . 
  catalonia complaints  you propose nothing , do nothing  catalonia keeps complaining  `` oh , i 'm tired of hearing the complaints of these millions of people that we will subsequently ignore completely '' . 
  do something to de-escalate the problem , negotiate , talk , offer alternatives , and maybe catalan people will stop complaining !, 
  do n't ignore the problem and expect it to magically go away !, 
  also worth noting that `` que arribarem '' in catalan is pronounced `` q ` arribarem '' , making it even more similar to the neapolitan language . 
  good example of someone who 's never been to eastern europe . 
  spain is `` catholic '' as in , a majority of the people consider themselves catholic but almost no one goes to church regularly . 
  i do n't know , i 've met people making 2500z\u0142 and paying 2000z\u0142 a month for rent ( you 'll certainly wo n't find much cheaper rent in warsaw ) , telling me that 's about the normal . 
  as a spanish guy living in poland this is a very interesting article , but my impression after talking to people here is that this increase in gdp does n't necessarily reflect on the quality of life of most people ? 
  i realize as i type this that this is as anecdotal as it can be , but i 've been told by quite a few people the difference between the average salary and the average rent in warsaw is minimal . 
  * edited for spelling . 
  i 'm saying that 's what blair 's centrism looks like to me , i 'm definitely not * for * this lol ; i 'm as far left in the political spectrum as you can be without reaching communism . 
  as long as centrist means economically right-wing , and socially left-wing ; i.e. 
  i am progressive but fuck the poor . 
  if you 're not too worried about quality , you can get 1l beer bottles in spain for 1 $ . 
  this week two different polls give the coalition of pro-independence parties the absolute majority in the catalan elections that will be held in three weeks ( 27/9 ) . 
  you can see it here : [ diario p\u00fablico ] ( http://www.publico.es/politica/formaciones-independentistas-obtendran-clara-mayoria.html ) ( spanish newspaper ) [ diari ara ] ( http://www.ara.cat/eleccions27s/eleccions_27s_0_1424857754.html ) ( catalan newspaper ) the links are in spanish and catalan but as you can see in the graphics , the pro-independence parties , the coalition junts pel s\u00ed and cup , would receive enough votes to get the absolute majority . 
  those parties have stated that , if they win , they will declare independence unilaterally within the next 16 months ; in fact they 're presenting the elections as a makeshift referendum due to the negative of the spanish government to allow a normal referendum . 
  one thing i have n't seen mentioned anywhere amid all those posts , articles , analysis , etc. 
  about the recent us eletions : they had the [ lowest voter turnout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voter_turnout_in_the_united_states_presidential_elections ) in the history of the usa , 48.6 % . 
  this led me to make a comparison with my country , spain . 
  the lowest turnout we 've had in general elections since democracy was re-stablished in 1978 is 66 % in the last elections , which were a repeat of the past december elections were no majority could be achieved ( i mention this because many people chose not to vote out of anger ) . 
  to find a turnout of 66 % in the us elections we would have to go back to 1900 !, 
  this is pretty crazy imo . 
  it is known that the us makes it as hard as possible to vote : you have to be registered to do so ( in spain , if you 're censed you 're good to go ) , queues can take up to several hours , the election is held on a work day and some states require photo id which the voter may not have .
