  sorry , who is `` we '' in your comment ? 
  and moroccobros ? 
  okay , yes , you 're right . 
  i 'll edit my post . 
  he 's working for a * very * corrupt organization . 
  it 's like asking for proof that a specific football hooligan is a violent asshole . 
  i 'm not gon na ask that he 's locked up without proof , but he 's affiliation is damning enough . 
  he 's a high ranking member of the pp . 
  it 's really as simple as that , even more so if we 're talking about the valencian pp . 
  literally all the higher-ups at valencian pp have been linked to corruption stories ( barber\u00e0 , camps , fabra ... ) . 
  most people are saying this is a nice speech , even if the person behind it is a * probably * corrupt hypocrite \u00bf ? 
  no one is disregarding the speech , and if we ca n't have nice things is because guys like pons . 
  how about [ boots of spanish leather ] ( https://youtu.be/jxodxureffy ) ? 
  i was surprised we were even in the chart tbh . 
  literally the only `` made in spain '' thing i can think of that i own are my leather shoes . 
  rovio are the makers of angry birds , yandex is the russian google and king is ome of the top smartphone games company . 
   or of course an unelected buerocracy , we have the contingent of crazy europhobes as well , albeit in much smaller numbers than others well , i 'm pro-eu but tbh this is n't so far from the truth , honsetly . 
   i also suppose that a lot more europeans know merkel than the persons who lead officially the eu . 
  well , dijsselbloom sure has found a way to make himself know across southern europe . 
  france ? 
  the ps is in flames , the ump candidate had a scandal blow up in his face , sarkozy was trying to get back in the game , le pen has a real shot at being president , the racial tension is higher than ever and they seem to be on the bullseye of islamic terrorists . 
  as for germany , merkel has been president for 12 years , and her party is still expected to win next elections . 
  she has survived the economic crysis and the refugee crysis and still has credit among the german people . 
  orban has been president for 7 years and all of europe is looking at hungary expecting it to become a full blown dictatorship at any moment . 
  i think riesling wines have great popularity in spain . 
  i know i love them . 
  you guys are really intent on proving dijsselbloom right . 
  just kidding , love our wines !, 
  germany is the most powerful country and has the most stable government of the eu , which means that it has been steering the union in the same direction for quite some time . 
  it stands to reason that people would see you as * de facto * leaders , helped by the fact that france has n't had their shit toghether for a long time now , the uk is leaving , and the big economies in the south ( italy and spain ) are in shambles . 
  the rest of the countries are either too small ( nl , sweden , belgium ) or to poor ( poland , greece ) or both . 
  if the spanish ministry of the interior is to be believed , there have been several attempted terrorist attacks in the last few years , averted by police intervention . 
  acording to google translate 's audio , yep , same pronounciation !, 
  really ? 
  in catalan too . 
  both are latin words . 
  by the way , in catalan we use both `` paraula '' and `` mot '' . 
  virtually none , really . 
  it 's like gun rights and the gop in the us . 
  how about good-weather-and-relaxed-lifestyle-nazis ? 
  i would hope as neighbours we have more things in common than football ( although i 'm not that much of a neighbour to you , being in barcelona ) . 
  but of we 're sticking to football , we could have gone with recent-european-championship-winners . 
  i really do n't want my country to be just about football . 
  it 's a step up from bullfighting , but come on . 
  ca n't we be like , paella nazis at least ? 
  or tapas nazis ? 
  they * have * tested them , and found norwegians are , indeed , dope . 
  these are great , thanks for sharing !, 
  what 's the bright light between berlin and warsaw ? 
  they left the restaurant in a conga line . 
  shitty people , but man do they have balls . 
  it 's funny how unionists might use this against against independentists while also completely ignoring all the calls for dialogue . 
  it 's perfectly natural that someone not from catalonia does n't understand the reasons for this . 
  it 's not a clear cut case and there are valid arguments for both sides , but imo it should be enough to know that an overwhelming majority of catalans ( 90 + % ) feel legitimised to vote on this , and about half of them think they have reasons to secede . 
  it would be more worrying if you thought you knew all about the situation without ever setting foot in catalonia , like other commenters here . 
  though there is no single definition of what a nation is ( precisely because the potential use of the concept as a political instrument ) , virtually all definitions i 've come across apply to catalonia . 
  looool . 
  so nations only get the right to self-determination if * you * consider the state controlling them to be `` bad '' . 
  you should realize when you 're out of your element and do n't talk out of your ass . 
  you have no idea of the complexities and nuances of the relationship between spain and catalonia , their history , the attitudes of their citizens , the cultural implications , the political background leading to this situation . 
  yet you have the arrogance to decide based on your limited understanding of the matter that the milions of catalans asking for independence should just `` get over it '' . 
  lovely . 
  and that 's exactly why we need to put it to a vote . 
  because it does n't matter how many polls they make , until we have a real referendum we wo n't know where people stand . 
  amen . 
  fucking unpaid overtime makes my blood boil . 
  we 're shitting on the workers rights that so many people fought for . 
  i would guess the japanese pronunciation would n't be all that different from the english one . 
  something like cataronia i guess . 
  i do n't like either , but burning religious books is beyond stupid considering the already existing tension . 
  i think it 's a shame the three leading candidates are different shades of right wing politics ( in economical terms , at least ) . 
  but what do the polls for the secnd round say in case fillon manages to surpass macron ? 
  i do n't know much about french politics but if thatv were to happen is n't it possible that many people ( especially young ) would decide to vote for le pen to `` punish '' fillon for his corruption ? 
  mediterranean diet master race . 
  i do n't know in mexico , but in spain there 's no single salsa . 
  like , there 's `` salsa carbonara '' or `` salsa brava '' or whatever . 
  if you ask for salsa in spain they 're going to ask you which one . 
  maybe whomever made the image had this particular salsa in mind , but i would never consider salsa a mexican thing , i do n't know . 
  i mean , salsa just means sauce . 
  it 's not particularly mexican . 
   but the goal of politics should not be to optimize for some utility function summed over all humanity . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm understanding this phrase , but what * do * you think should be the goal of politics then ? 
   african ~ ~ nations ~ ~ warlords also grew strong thx to slave trading but when the europeans didnt need them anymore they collapsed . 
  and the rest of the world would n't be as poor . 
  do you really think there 's any possible debate on whether colonialism was a net contributor of suffering and death in the world ? 
  in my experience , most people my age ( 27 ) speak english to a degree , from competely broken to almost decent . 
  very few people are fluent but very few people would n't be able to have , at least , a very basic conversation . 
  down with the monarchy !, 
  ^ ^ it ^ ^ feels ^ ^ good ^ ^ to ^ ^ mess ^ ^ with ^ ^ the ^ ^ brits , ^ ^ sorry . 
  no , no , no , do n't say that please . 
  oh man , is catalonia too far away to become a canton ? 
  now you 're just wasting perfectly good karma . 
  other nationalistic terrorist groups ? 
  which ones ? 
  if anything , the single most deadly terrorist group apart from eta is gal , a government-sponsored kill squad . 
  in spain rolling tobacco has become a middle class thing too , if there 's such thing as middle class anymore . 
  many do , but usually no one gets hurt . 
  of course the non-paranoid answer is that these were the regions where one could tune in tv3 . 
  he was a very controversial figure , trying to reduce him to a cartoon villain is a bit ridiculous imo . 
  he 's so melodramatic , but he 's the most vocal critic of the ppsoe so i like him .
