  these comments are atrocious , you should all be ashamed of yourselves . 
  i fucking hope the racism and close-mindeness of this subreddit are not representative of europe . 
  i do like the weather in the fall , it 's not as stifling as in the summer but still comfortably hot . 
  that 's your experience from living * in madrid * , which is different from my experience in barcelona . 
  but i 'm much too tired to argue with the uneducated know-it-alls in this subreddit . 
  it 's ridiculously stupid for my part too keep coming here expecting a healthy debate . 
  or maybe it will work out great !, 
  no one really knows at this point . 
  that 's what bothers me about your comments in this thread ; learn some humility man , you 're spouting your ideas as absolute facts . 
  you have ** zero ** idea of the reality in spain , stop talking like you do . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  it seems you 've got a bad case of xenophobia but i hear it is curable if you 're interested ; if it was n't too late for edward norton in american history x , it is n't too late for you !, 
  ( and yeah , your most likely just trolling for the sake of it , but , you know , i 'll answer just in case ) . 
  why were they there in the first place ? 
  let 's not pretend that the current situation in the middle east is n't due to the proxy wars fought there by the world 's most powerful nations . 
  i 'm not talking about migration policies ; i 'm saying that * once they 're already here * , treating them kindly and making them feel welcome will reduce the number of problems typically associated with immigration , such as increased criminality . 
  yeah , no ; your comment reads completely serious . 
  but if you * were * joking , good for you for not being a nazi apologist . 
  and making immigrants feel welcome worsens that ... how ? 
  i understand that * some * immigrants can present real problems , but this effect will be lessened if we treat them right and try to make them feel at home . 
  for me the issue is that spanish rulers have been astoundingly bad throughout its history and there 's a majority of spanish people that 's willing to allow their rule . 
  i would love to live in the spain of the 2nd republic , of lorca and machado ; but i think that * that * spain will always be subjugated by the fascist / absolutist side . 
  the two republics toghether did n't even last a decade , ffs . 
  i think the historical states impede a really unified europe , as they have too much power and too little regard for the other member states . 
  a union of smaller states would dissolve the power into smaller fractions that would be forced to cooperate with one another and therefore would be more invested in the success of the eu as a whole . 
  and maybe now it should break into smaller states , who knows . 
  i personally think it would be positive for the eu if the historical states ceased to exist . 
  these have been the people in power of spain for the last 200 + years , no more , no less . 
  was fraga not minister with franco , founder of the pp and minister with aznar ? 
  you 're absolutely wrong in assuming that spain is doing nothing to diminish the catalan culture . 
  that 's kind of the point for me . 
  if that 's how the population of europe feels we should not be asking how to stop it but how to make sense of it and make it work . 
  if the historic european countries are to evolve by dissolving into smaller states i 'm sure there 's a way to make it work ; at the very least we should study the possibility . 
  refreshing , * thanks * . 
  all i 'm saying is , if it 's something that can be debated for years by thousands of people maybe the answer is not that simple as : `` it 's retarded '' . 
  and you 're perspective as an outsider is necessarily limited . 
  fine , fine ; a more down-to-business approach : - catalans are assholes for seeking a secession that will benefit them economically buy might be detrimental for the rest of spaniards ( mind you , this is not the reason i support independence ) , - spaniards are assholes for denying catalans the right to self-determination ( to which they 're entitled , as recognised by the un ) because it 's not convenient for them and they have the power to prevent it but anyway , i think that this issue is much more complex and reducing it to a single aspect of it might give you a wrong impression . 
  but . . 
  i 'm the one providing links to back up my claims , you are just basing yours on you own opinion ? 
  give me a source that proves catalonia is not a nation , or that the self-determination right is not real or something !, 
  throw me a bone here man !, 
  1 ) is it up to you then ? 
  if a few million people with common language , traditions and customs decide they * are * , in fact , a nation , is n't that enough ? 
  check out what [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation ) says on the issue ; i think we fit the bill !, 
  2 ) you clearly do n't grasp how this right works . 
  would you kindly check out the site i linked in my previous comment ? 
  it 's explained there very clearly . 
  but basically , spain and its people can not decide for other nations :(, 
  you 're giving too much credit to him and his reasoning , but i 'll endulge you . 
  first and foremost , i was not even discussing whether or not the catalans are assholes for seeking independence ( hint : we 're not , but we 'll ge to that ) , i was simply stating that reducing a complex political issue from another country to name-calling is in bad taste and out of place in a political forum . 
  and about the political issue in itself . 
  the relationship between catalans and central spain goes way , way back , of course . 
  here 's some examples of said relationship !, 
  - felipe v , king of spain , forbade catalan language and culture in the 18th century , - baldomero espartero , regent of spain in the 19th century , said the infamous phrase `` barcelona has to be bombarded every 50 year to keep it at bay '' , - franco forbade the catalan language again in the 20th century . 
  - manuel fraga , founder of the party that currently governs spain , said : `` catalunya was occupied by felipe v , bombarded by espartero , occupied in 1939 , and i 'm willing to pick up the rifle again . 
  you know what you 're in for '' . 
  do n't you think that this history alone is a reason for independence ? 
  i wo n't keep going , because i doubt you or anyone here is interested , but my point is that there 's a lot more to this discussion and , depending on how you look at it , the assholes are in one side or the other . 
   why is this right only given to catalonia ? 
  this right is evidently not given to catalonia seeing how the spanish government has already forbidden the referendum ( which we were legally entitled to have , as seen in my previous comment ) . 
  so what is your argument really ? 
  ** all nations within spain * do * have the right to self-determination ** ( emphasis on the self part , a nation can not decide for another one ) , catalonia is simply the one actively trying to exercise it . 
  stop putting quotes around the words `` democratic '' and `` will of the people '' , the right to self-determination is an actual international law recognized by the un ( [ check it out !, 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination ) ) . 
  that 's your outlook of the situation from the outside . 
  it might be hard to grasp but it 's a tiny bit more nuanced than that . 
  now that 's funny . 
  oh how we prospered all thanks to you !, 
  oh , is it retarded ? 
  man i wish you would 've told us sooner , we could have saved all the demonstrations , the political debate , the civil movements , the hours upon hours of discussion ... 
  i mean , you 're clearly more informed than the milions of catalan people ( including professors , economists , philosophers , journalists , politicians ... ) asking for independence . 
  so , following your reasoning , a couple could n't get divorced unless both parties agreed to it . 
  does that really make sense to you ? 
  go watch sesame street till you learn the numbers or something , you do n't belong in a political forum . 
  if that 's how you engage in political discussions you can take your `` flawless reasoning '' ( lol ) and tell it to someone who care . 
  edit , because fuck it : have you taken into account the cultural implications , the historical ramifications reaching back hundreds of years , the political actions of the spanish government , the previous efforts of the catalan government ... ? 
  do you know anything about any of that ? 
  but yeah , you can forego all the details and keep living in your black and white world where the catalans are the evil rich assholes and the spaniards the opressed poor . 
  meanwhile all i 'm saying is that there are arguments to be made for and against independence and that we should try to keep the discussion civilized . 
  did the welsh and the english vote in the scottish referendum ? 
  i point out that calling people assholes is in bad taste and you respond with more insults and baseless assumptions . 
  great , nice chatting with you !, 
  as a catalan i 'm very glad to be able to have this debate with people from all over the world but when someone who is thousands of miles away from here and probably knows very little about the intricacies of the matter calls me an asshole it kind of bothers me . 
  still now answering my question :(, 
  no , you 're just wrong . 
  and i 'm astounded that a serbian thinks he knows better the minds of the catalan people . 
  very reasonable , yes . 
  you know where the door is . 
  everyone has their reasons but the main two are economics and cultural identity . 
  would you kindly answer my question ? 
  also , in what world the phrase `` only 1.8 million people '' makes sense ?!, 
  and you 're just gon na go ahead and count the people that did n't go as being against independence ? 
  i do n't even know why i bother ... 
   they will surely fail the polls show otherwise , but keep telling yourself that !, 
  the catalans are unreasonable assholes and the problem will magically fix itself !, 
  i mean , do you even try to look at the issue from the perspective of catalans ? 
  i 'm sure that nobody wants to needlessly piss off spain , but what about catalonia ? 
  if it becomes its own state would n't other countries want to be in good terms with it too ? 
  that 's ... a bit of a weird reason to oppose something , but hey , it 's a free country ( continent ? 
  that 's your opinion presented as facts .
