it contains 8 songs about octopus . 
  you have a flag next to your username , better take it off . 
   i 'm telling you that if , after the new statute was rejected by the constitutional court , there had been a campaign , coming from catalonia , to amend the constitution , there would have been a lot of support elsewhere in spain . 
  that 's * your * opinion , but every diplomatic approach the catalan government has tried has been rejected by the spanish governement . 
  even after zapatero said he 'd approve any estatut that got voted in catalonia , they still rejected it in the end . 
  it seems rather convinient that we juuust missed the right diplomatic approach . 
  [ they have ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/politica/margallo-hipotetica-suspension-aplicaremos-ley_0_303769767.html ) threatened with this . 
  huh , pastor is shepherd in spanish . 
  interesting . 
  and people wonder why catalans want to secede . 
  fwiw i 'm upvoting your comments . 
  and because we keep getting deeper in this discussion and it 's probably just the two of us reading this comments by now i 'm gon na switch to spanish . 
  two points here : 1 ) even though it 's theoretically possible to change the constitution to allow the referendum , most catalans suspect that pp and psoe would never go for it , and that if we are to wait for them to let us vote we 're going to be waiting forever . 
  2 ) in a democracy the laws are ( very ) important , no doubt about it . 
  but when the laws are unfair , it 's not only our right but also our duty to challange them . 
  if the law said that homosexuals should be executed ( a bit of an extreme example , i know , but it 's true in some countries nowadays ) the citizens should disobey this law no matter what ; principles and basic human rights are above the law . 
  so , from the perspective of catalan people , we 've got an unjust law ( and it definitely is unjust , the right of self-determination is a basic human right ) , and a governement that 's unwilling to negotiate . 
  what options do we have ? 
  there 's a certain tendency to equate oposition to independence with fascism , i agree ; and it 's pretty stupid . 
  but , opposing to the referendum does feel pretty fascist to me . 
  i really appreciate people like del bosque , estopa , gabilondo , pablo iglesias , etc. 
  for saying that they 're against independece * but * support the referendum . 
  if more spanish people held their views we would n't even be discussing independence . 
  yes , that 's pretty much it . 
  hundreds of thousands ( maybe milions ) of people emigrated from the poorest parts of spain to catalonia during the 60s , 70s and 80s , and established themselves in the industrial cities surrounding barcelona ( l'hospitalet , cornell\u00e0 , badalona , santa coloma ... ) . 
  those cities have a majority of spanish-speaking inhabitants ( language is a very touchy subject here ) that do n't have emotional/cultural reasons to support independence , and in many cases have stronger family ties to the rest of spain . 
  i 'm from a small town in catalonia ( 15000 people ) where spanish is barely spoken and basically everyone is in favor of independence , whereas in the aforementioned cities the situation is pretty much the opposite . 
  yeah , that 's what makes it really impressive . 
  the municipalities painted in red in the map below ( those who oppose the referendum ) are some of the most populous cities outside of barcelona though , so that balances it a little bit . 
  they are elected in the municipal elections , do n't know why they 're telling you otherwise . 
  here 's the results of the 2011 elections , as an example : http://www.324.cat/especials/eleccions2011/, 
  over 920 municipalities out of a total of 946 have sent a letter to the catalan government asking for the referendum to be held despite spanish opposition . 
  it 's pretty impressive , really . 
  there may be fringe cases in catalan nationalism , but the current ruling party in spain ( pp ) was founded by one of franco 's closest associates ( manuel fraga ) as a continuist movement . 
  it * is * franquismo 2.0 , same families , same agenda ; the guys that were executing dissidents in the 70 's , etc. 
  it was n't a joke , i was asking you to keep the debate civil . 
  there 's no reason to make personal attacks , everybody has different ways of seeing things and you should be able to discuss your opinion without insulting , even more so on a discussion board . 
   you tried to change the estatut , it was n't constitutional . 
  end of the story . 
  see , that 's the problem . 
  the `` tribunal constitucional '' is corrupted as fuck . 
  it should be completely separated from political parties , but everyone knows it 's just another tool for psoe and pp to use for their interest . 
  one of the judges was a member of pp , for fucks sake . 
  so , it 's not that the estatut was inconstitutional , psoe and pp decided it was and called it a day . 
  take your bitterness elsewhere man . 
  people who signed up for the ` v ' were asked to wear a red/yellow shirt depending on the section they were assigned . 
  some people brought they 're own shirts which had nothing to do with catalonia , some people bought them from the organizers . 
  same with flags i guess . 
  as for artur mas ... his party is ciu , the traditional center/right wing nationalists , which has been the ruling party in catalonia since 1978 except for a 8-year period of left-wing ruling . 
  they 're the most established political force in catalonia and , therefore , the most corrupt . 
  one good thing they 've got going on for them ( imo ) is that they 're miles ahead of the spanish right wing in terms of social policies ( they actively support gay rights , abortion laws , are pretty permisive with immigration , etc. ), 
  artur mas himself is highly regarded by many people who do n't sympathize with ciu , because he is seen as a cultured ( speaks 5 languages ) , well-manered and charismatic leader . 
  that 's all i can think of right now , if you want to know more , ask away . 
  there 's so many people asking for independence because the spanish government has never tried to reach an understanding . 
  if there 's no possible negotiation , no middle ground , no compromise to be reached by both parties , catalan options are very reduced . 
  the fact that there are ( many ) other problems in catalonia does n't invalidate the strive for independence . 
  it 's a shame things like the pujol case do n't move more people to the streets but independece is on the table now and catalans are trying to make it possible the only way they can ; call that what you want . 
  i 've never heard that argument , and it 's most definitely not a popular opinion in catalonia . 
  trying to paint catalans as some sort of xenophobic nationalists is pretty serious and offensive , really . 
  one person 's idiotic views do n't represent the 2 million that were there today . 
  2 million people is a lot of people . 
  like more than the entire population of barcelona and more than 1/4 of the whole catalonia . 
  i find it very impressive in terms of raw numbers . 
  i do n't know man , monaco is a country and it 's basically a small city . 
  if the people who lives there feel that way , it seems logical to at least hold it to referendum . 
  apparently we draw the line at asking the people if that 's really what they want . 
  voting is a big no-no for the 2 big parties . 
  best use of remindmebot i 've seen . 
  the coup was staged to make him look like a hero , and spanish media and politicians have worked hard to ingrain this notion on the head of all spaniards . 
  even in the worst moments of the monarchy , both major parties ( pp and psoe ) were adamant in their defense of the king and the institution , and major newspapers stood by him regardless of their supposed ideology ( from the bascially fascist la raz\u00f3n to the liberal el peri\u00f3dico ) . 
  that 's actually very nice to hear . 
  i 'm glad not all cases are so disastrous but it still is a bad system imo . 
  when it comes to health , a little solidarity in the form of taxes and social security goes a long way . 
  i 'm pretty sure my family would be completely broke if we were americans . 
  my sister had cancer at a young age , i can not imagine what would have been like if , on top of the disease , we should have had to bury ourselves in debt . 
  shame how libertarian european politicians are trying to copy the american system . 
  i 've never paid any bribe , and i 've never heard of anyone who has ... are we talking about the same barcelona ? 
  yay , we 're * just * poor !, 
  take that portuguese !, 
  i love how the greeks are the only ones who find themselves more trustworthy than germans ... 
  and here i thought they were including catalonia ... silly me . 
  dover on the other hand ... 
  [ los planetas - cumplea\u00f1os total ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa6g4z_laog ) a bit old , but a staple of spanish indie-rock . 
  [ ant\u00f2nia font - astronauta rimador ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gp0k7mheys ) this one 's pretty weird , but also pretty great ; give it a try !, 
  they sing in catalan , and their lyrics are bizarre sci-fi stories and poems . 
  [ the new raemon - suced\u00e1neos ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhf3dp0gmza ) nice little pop song , with a twist . 
  most spanish journalism is shit . 
  personally i read el peri\u00f3dico but it 's still clearly biased towards psoe , sometimes it 's sickening too . 
  it 's `` el jueves , la revista que sale los mi\u00e9rcoles '' which means `` thursday , the magazine that comes out on wednesday '', 
  the difference is that hitler died in the aftermath of ww2 , and his entourage fell apart ; whereas in spain the dictator died in his bed after having ruled for 30 + years and his ministers and pupils ( see : king juan carlos i ) shaped the transition of the country into `` democracy '' . 
  as a matter of fact , the leader of erc ( 2nd most voted party in catalonia and the one that pushes more for independence ) claimed that he could have half of catalonia go on strike . 
  if it comes to that ( and of course i hope it wo n't ) we 'll see what happens . 
  that 's a broad generalization ; all catalans on reddit behave the same ? 
  and if so , how do you know ? 
  i happen to like debating things on reddit , and , if the matter of debate is of importance to me , i 'll be all the more likely to discuss it here . 
  * your * contribution to this debate is a condescending remark and unfounded accusations , and still you complain about the level of maturity . 
  well done . 
  i think we can both agree it would be a huge amount of shit . 
  let 's hope it does n't come to this . 
  yep , but i imagine they would have to face severe repercusions within the eu , and the un .
