  the catalan government has used madrid as a scape goat for years , and there 's corruption in catalonia too , and there are catalan media outlets sowing tension and discontent for their own benefit too . 
  i * know * that . 
  but you do n't need to bend the facts and change the other person 's arguments to present your opinion . 
  i agree , in part . 
  people think wars are bad therefore we should lower military expenditure ; but we do rely on the big guns to keep our standard of living . 
  but the perspective of an american would be very different from that of a spaniard in this regard . 
  in spain , we have a history of the military seizing power for itself and overthrowing democratic governments , the last examples being : - 1936 : the military rebelled , which led to the spanish civil war , which led to 36 years of dictatorship . 
  - 1981 : failed coup , which intended to reinstate the dictatorship . 
  the last big action of the spanish military was the war on iraq , which was opposed by 90 + % of spaniards . 
  lastly , spain is a country where patriotism is mostly looked down and rapidly linked to fascism . 
  so yeah , military expenditure is not very popular in spain . 
  spain should n't even be in to begin with . 
  the president that got us into nato was elected on a programme that promised * not * to join . 
  so yes , maybe spain should leave . 
  that 's why people argue against military expenditure , yes . 
  i am one of those people . 
  attacking andalusia on august would be like the opposite of marching on russia on winter . 
  soldiers are going to die of dehydration . 
  lol . 
  in spain it 's the opposite . 
  people complain we spend too much on military , and this shows we 're already below-average . 
   as castillian that 's close to an insult to me . 
  parties represent people , not territories , it 's true that pp is more successful in the rest of spain than in catalunia , but that success has more to do with demographics than to territories . 
  no , you misunderstand me . 
  i meant the * part of the population * that is best represented by the pp . 
  for everything else you say : the pp has stated that they are against the `` immersi\u00f3 ling\u00fc\u00edstica '' , which ensures that , in public schools , all classes a part from spanish are taught in catalan . 
  this is huge , because for people living in spanish-speaking environments in catalonia , getting rid of the `` immersi\u00f3 ling\u00fc\u00edstica '' would mean that their knowledge of the catalan language would be drastically reduced . 
  that would have 2 main consequences : - in the short term , people with no grasp of catalan would have a much harder time integrating in catalonia . 
  as much as you can get by speaking only spanish , catalan is used in many things and not knowing it would mean you would lose access to social circles , jobs , tv and radio stations , newspapers , etc. 
  - in the long-ish term catalan would surely end up disappearing . 
  the pressure of spanish-speaking immigration coupled with the fact that catalan would be drastically reduced from schools would mean that catalan would become irrelevant in a not-so-long time . 
  so , getting rid of the `` immersi\u00f3 ling\u00fc\u00edstica '' would hurt both spanish speakers and catalan speakers in catalonia . 
  but pp would do it anyway because `` hay que espa\u00f1olizar a los ni\u00f1os catalanes '' ... 
  this is my fear , basically . 
  i do n't have time to properly explain everything but if you 're interested we can get more in-depth . 
  not impartial or even remotely correct ; but i guess more believable if you 're predisposed to take spain 's side on this . 
  see my comment above . 
   both the math and comparaison are wrong . 
  cataluna is to spain what california is to usa . 
  so that would be 20 % of 40 million californian = 8m people . 
  it 's very far from the 30-60 you are calling . 
  no , you got it wrong . 
  it 's 20 % of * catalonia 's * population , not the whole of spain . 
   but you are not a state . 
  you are a non-indepedent region . 
  you ca n't make every law you want . 
  madrid still have the last word on anything you vote . 
  yes , but you 're leaving out the part where he said that the canary islands banned bullfighting before and nobody batted an eye in madrid . 
  this was a political movement to undermine the power of the catalan government . 
   a lying politician , what a surprise !, 
  not like cataluna does n't have it 's share of lies and corruption too . 
  the whole thing with the estatut and how it kept being cut and butchered as it went through the various spanish courts was seen as a reckless and unnecessary attack on the will of the catalan people who voted it . 
  you brushing it off as if it was a minor incident is a clear sign that you do n't know the situation as well as you think you do . 
   last be not least , why do you compare to madrid . 
  it 's the capital . 
  capital . 
  of course , they will develop it more than barcelona , especially given how risky building infrastructure for a region that just think about leaving . 
  a better example of that : when spain was developing its high-velocity train lines , two main freight lines were proposed to link southern spain with france for commercial purposes . 
  the mediterranean corridor that linked all the major coastal cities in the eastern coast ( m\u00e1laga , almer\u00eda , valencia , tarragona , barcelona , marseille ... ) and the central corridor , that was less direct and passed through less relevant cities * but * included madrid . 
  against all reports and advises , the central government decided to go with the central corridor . 
  catalonia is significantly more relevant than macedonia in many ways though . 
  it has a very relevant geographical situation , linking spain and portugal with france and the rest of europe , it has the biggest commercial port of the mediterranean , it has a lot of tourism , and a lot of commerce with neighbouring countries . 
  oh , i was wrong then ; i 'll edit the comment . 
  thanks !, 
   but then again there were celts all over iberia as well ~ ~ the rest of iberia was mostly populated by iberians , not celts ~ ~ . 
  i was wrong , see the map in the comment below . 
  thank you for teaching me / s. 
  that does seem worse than 55 % happy . 
  they are actually pushing for a binding referendum , if you read the articles . 
  that 's what they plan to do if the motion of confidence in september legitimizes them . 
  also , i do n't agree with your percentages but , alas , that 's not for you and i to decide . 
  i believe that if the spanish goverment had agreed to a referendum from the beginning the unionist side would have won by a large margin , but that it would mean the spanish government is willing to handle matters democratically and then catalan people would n't have asked for independence to begin with . 
  as things are right now , i would warn you against `` being sure '' of the result , you saw what happened with brexit after all . 
  it seemed like the logical conclusion to your argument about not being a un-sanctioned definition of nation ; and the wikipedia article mentions a few different definitons written by serious sources , it 's not what a random editor thinks . 
  anyway , i do n't think we will agree on this , but as per your previous comment , we do agree that holding a referendum is the most democratic ( and therefore best ) way to go about it , yes ? 
  because then , eveything else is kind of a moot point . 
   not completely true . 
  the right of self-determination is set in the framework of decolonization . 
  catalonia is not in a state of subjugation , which is the actual requirement . 
  * this is pretty unambiguous , no matter the context it 's in . 
   and also , the un does n't define what a nation is . 
  spain is a nation for a vast majority of its peoples , including catalans living in catalonia that feel just as spanish as a guy or girl from zamora , el hierro or cartegena . 
  so you would have to be much more specific . 
  as i said , most definitions of the word nation * would * include catalonia , as you can see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation ) ( wikipedia link , sorry , but the sources are there ) . 
  this is a concept vaguely defined in order to make room for some political maneuvers , i 'm sure , but if the argument is that according to * some * definitions of the word catalonia * might * not be a nation , it 's a pretty bad argument . 
  even more so if most catalans feel they are a nation . 
  well , by most definitions catalonia is a nation , and nations have a right to self-determination according to the un ... so i 'd say that 's a pretty decent argument . 
  this is a heavily biased commentary presented as fact , and i would definitely not agree at all . 
  this gets asked in every thread about independence lol ... for me ( i 'm leaning pro-independence ) , it 's about culture . 
  but really , everyone has a different reason : economics , nationalism , etc. 
  to expand on my opinion : the part of spain that is best represented by the current ruling party ( pp ) would prefer all spaniards had a homogeneous cultural identity , mostly based on andalusian and castilian culture . 
  this has been made evident many times throughout history ; a recent , clear example would be the words of the spanish education minister , who said `` hay que espa\u00f1olizar los ni\u00f1os catalanes '' ( we have to make catalan kids more spanish / spanish-ize the catalan kids ) . 
  catalonia has a rich culture going back centuries and i would much rather see it preserved ; many writers , poets , musicians , etc. 
  that only used catalan would be forgotten if the catalan language disappears . 
  i want to make sure that does n't happen . 
  can you imagine how angry people in the pro-independence side would be if they actually won a binding referendum with something like 55 % of the votes and still were denied independence ? 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea . 
  a simple majority is clearly democratic , and people would be more willing to accept the result . 
  and the people in favor of secession should also jump through literal hoops , while dressed as clowns and riding a ridiculously small bicycle . 
  and they should be able to lick their elbows !,
