  mine was something like : `` caga ti\u00f3 , caga ametlles i turr\u00f3 , i si no vols cagar et donarem un cop de bast\u00f3 ! '', 
  ( * shit log !, 
  shit almonds and `` torr\u00f3 '' , and if you do n't want to shit , we will hit you with a stick !, 
  i know exactly what you mean , in fact , i 'm already looking at job offerings in the uk . 
  southern europe has gone to shit and i have no idea how we can fix this . 
  the only possibility i see ( and it 's probably just wishful thinking ) is if podemos and syriza ( and maybe the ps in france ) pressure the troika toghether to end austerity . 
  but as i said , it 's not gon na happen . 
  this is cdc and splinter factions that rejoin them now that they 've ditched udc and embraced independentism . 
  they 're still centre-right in the economical sense , if very differently so than pp . 
  that 's one of the reasons for sure . 
  the relationship between the catalan government and its spanish counterpart has always been tense at best ( and by always i mean since centuries ago !, 
  ) , and the distinct catalan identity is both a cause and a justification for some people too . 
  still , what moved catalan independence from a fringe movement to the center stage is , no doubt , the current political and economical situation of spain as a whole . 
  take a look at this [ map ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/12/18/media/1450461184_895079.html ) . 
  while the rest of spain ( except the basque , of course ) is still voting the two main parties that have led the country to where it is right now , catalonia is in a whole other place politically . 
  catalan people see things much like you described , and see independence as the only possible way out . 
  i think you 're probably right . 
  this also explains catalan separatism , by the way ; who would accept this situation when there 's a chance of making things better ? 
  ( i 'm not saying i 'm against or in favour of independence , just saying that 's one of its causes ) . 
  that 's the funniest thing about c 's , they pretend to be against nationalism but are really just spanish nationalists . 
  nope . 
  you 're thinking of junts pel s\u00ed ( jxs ) , the coalition of catalan parties made specifically for the catalan elections of last september . 
  democr\u00e0cia i llibertat ( dil ) is the new name of converg\u00e8ncia democr\u00e0tica de catalunya ( cdc ) , the centre-right catalan nationalist party . 
  i think that 's the best explanation , yes . 
  which is to say , people are stupid ( surprise ! ), 
  these are deliberate fires people are making to exploit the new law pp passed that allows the requalification of protected natural land if/when it becomes ruined by events such as these . 
  a very disheartening thing , really . 
  hey now , what has catalonia ever done to you ? 
  edit : well , that downvote count is a bit arbitrary , is n't it ? 
  if you 'd rather kill the catalan people than hear them out and try to reach a middle ground ; if you value the idea of a spanish nation ( whatever that is ) higher than human life ... than congratulations , you 're a brainswashed chauvinist whose incapability of seeing things from a different perspective would lead us to meaningless bloodshed . 
  you 'd go to war ? 
  you want to kill people so that catalonia does n't secede ? 
  reconsider your values , seriously . 
  the balears might have an issue with it , though . 
  i hope that as a clearly missinformed foreigner you 're still not a naturalized citizen and therefore can not vote . 
  take the moral high ground if it makes you feel better , i think a party with francoist ties should n't even be legal in the first place . 
  but it * is * funny how you and the other commenter are implying that i am a fascist for simply stating that i 'd preffer you would n't vote ( fyi , there 's a difference between stating one 's preferences and not allowing someone to participate in the democratic process ) . 
  ugh , c 's is mostly comprised of ex-pp affiliates and has ties with far-right and fascists groups . 
  it 's also unclear who funds them and how they rose to the position they 're in now , and are actively against common sense stuff like passing laws to remove francoist symbols from spain . 
  no offense , but i hope you ca n't vote . 
  pretty sure he meant that * he * is not from russia . 
  actually , we 're currently being invaded by russian ... tourists . 
  you think you 're tired of this ? 
  try being catalan . 
  surely spain deserves a spot in this select group . 
  that does n't explain the difference in divorces between spain and portugal vs. italy or greece . 
  even if spain is actually one of the most accepting countries in regards to homosexuality , you ca n't really say that there is no intolerance towards it here . 
  i mean , in schools ( among the children/teens ) , rural villages , and other certain environments homosexuality is very much discriminated against in spain . 
  the original answer was wrong , that 's what i pointed out , that 's what you tried to argue . 
  let it go already , i 'm not saying how should we count their votes , i 'm not imposing anything , i 'm not some moustache-twirling evil separatist trying to obfuscate the truth . 
  the original statement i replied to was wrong and i thought it should be pointed out . 
  that 's it . 
  and i 'm the one spinning things . 
  how am i imposing anything ?!, 
  i 'm just saying that the statement `` they 're pro-referendum but anti-independence '' is objectively false . 
  it is !, 
  * some * people among the voters and the members of the party are pro independence , some are n't . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  their leader is pro-independence ffs , and it 's been posted in this thread quite a few times that an internal poll showed pretty much an even split ; you do n't even know what to make up to make it go your way . 
  it 's not sexist because he 's talking about both in\u00e9s arrimadas and albert rivera , both young and good looking without political credentials . 
  that 's false ; you 're lying to get support . 
  well done !, 
  til !, 
  it kinda sounds like one of those stories that make sense but are fake ( aka f.u.c.k. ), 
  but it 's the only logical explanation i 've ever heard so i 'll accept it . 
  if i was super pedantic i would point that there 's a difference in pronunciation based on the accented syllable ( pepe ( the meme ) vs pepe ( the party ) ) . 
  i 'm not though . 
  no sir . 
   rt is banned here cause probably 80 % of it is bat shit propaganda . 
  oh shit , does that mean you think eu press is not propaganda ? 
  we get fed anti-russian propaganda , they receive anti-eu/us propaganda . 
  ok , what do * you * consider far right then ? 
  i 'm curious . 
   orb\u00e1n is not far-right stop perpetrating this nonsense . 
  he 's a classic anti-establishment populist with a good sense of the general trajectory of politics ( he predicted both brexit and trump becoming potus long before ) - nothing more . 
  afaik he 's a nationalist , social conservative , anti-immigration , supporter of the `` traditional family '' , authoritarian ... yeah , that reads as far-right to me . 
   we have a minimum voter turnout , and imho its bad . 
  its your best interest to go to the ballot and cast your vote . 
  why should be the election invalid just because a given percentage of voter did n't care enough ? 
  after all they voluntarily skipped their opportunity to have an influence on the results . 
  i think it 's a good thing . 
  it forces politicians to try to engage citizens in the political process , ensures a minimum of popular support , and allows for the use of abstention as a political tool for protesting . 
  i think people have a natural predisposition to participate in democratic processes as long as you do n't make it too inconvenient for them ( as it is in the us ) , and as long as there 's a solid public education system . 
  i have abstained from voting in the past , not because of apathy but because , at that time , i felt that by casting a vote i would be accepting the system as a legitimate democratic system , which i did not . 
  my reasoning was that parties are bought by lobbies , politicians only serve themselves , and asking me to vote is like laughing at my face . 
   i do n't agree that the number of votes cast matters so long as all people were free to cast them . 
  if you do n't think the number of votes matter , does it mean you 're not interested in learning the cause behind the drop in turnout in elections all around the world ? 
  because i think it 's a very important discussion to have , and most definitely a symptom of political corruption , dissatisfaction and media interference . 
  brushing it off seems careless to me . 
  of course , minorities and women can vote now . 
  but we do n't know what the tournout would have been in 1828 if the laws were the same as they are now , so for the purposes of this discussion this information is not really relevant . 
  as it stands now , i do n't think that only 48 % of the electorate can give legitimacy to an election . 
  i 'm not talking about forcing people to vote , i do n't agree with it . 
  i do think abstention should be a valid form of protest , but it should not be caused by the government making it hard for people to vote . 
  i 'm sure many people just do n't give a crap , but the harder it is to vote , the more motivated you need to be to go . 
  i 'm sure tournout would be much higher if it had been done on a sunday and it only took 10 minutes ( as it happens in spain , for example ) . 
  and yeah , i just do n't think 18 % of the population has any kind of legitimacy to chose the leader of the us . 
  the left feels a moral obligation to help people in need regardless of where they were born ( or to pretend to do so ) , whereas the right has no problem prioritizing people born in the country . 
  that 's my take on it anyway . 
  great analysis by varoufakis .
