  not to mention the fact that they would put all public opinion against them . 
  catalonia does n't have an army , any kind of war would basically be them sending the tanks and seizing control of the government . 
  i do n't think they stand to win much in that scenario . 
  just as a side note . 
  wether ciutadans is really left or right wing is a thing only they know , as the only thing they seem to care about is catalan nationalism and how artur mas is * litterally * hitler . 
  great way to put it . 
  whereas in catalonia the position is ` catalonia is legitimated to self-determination and the spanish government ca n't do anything about it short of starting a war , and they * would n't * do that , would they ? ', 
   also , the conservative media says that because catalonia is spanish sovereign territory only all the spaniards together can change its status . . that 's the key issue here . 
  there are only two ways to aproach this debate : either the land belongs to the people that live in it , and they have the right to choose their future ; or the land belongs to the government , and only they can choose what 's going to happen . 
  the uk seems to have taken the first stance , as seen in the cases of gibraltar , falkland islands , scotland ... whereas the spanish government ( and many spanish people , however influenced they might be ) have taken the second stance , which , in my opinion , is the kind of thing that totalitarian regimes would do . 
  that alone seems a good enough argument for independence , at least for me . 
  low level positions ?? 
  gallard\u00f3n is the minister of justice ( ugh ... ) and he 's the one talking about suspending the autonomy . 
  i ca n't begin to fathom what 's going on in their minds ; are they really that stupid ? 
  they 've gone full retard . 
  their only chance to solve this amicably and without secession is for the spanish government to sit down with the catalan government to negotiate towards a change in the constitution , but everything they do is in the opposite direction . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's the best i could come up with , i 'm bad with titles . 
  for what is worth , i 'm catalan and for independence , so there was no hidden agenda behind the title choice . 
  after i read your comment i was disappointed to see your username is not demosthenes . 
  pro-tip : whenever you read a link or headline that starts with * the spanish government * you can just assume it 's about corruption , ineptitude , or both . 
  sadly yes . 
  it 's fucking shameful , and it 's not an isolated case . 
  this happened in catalonia , and the police were the catalan * mossos d'esquadra * . 
  they claim the man was hitting himself ( for real ) . 
  ha , do n't know what i expected but definitely not mortadelo y filem\u00f3n !, 
  cool !, 
  in my mind he 's basically american anyway . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't like baconit ? 
  it 's the most popular one and the one i use . 
  the main problem i find with it is that it does n't show flairs , which makes browsing subreddits like this one very confusing . 
  i do n't think it was a bad move per se but then again i 'm writing this on a nokia lumia . 
  the windows phone os is very good and most reviewers agree that its biggest issue is the lack of apps due to launching much later than the iphone and android . 
  i still think it has potential , but who knows . 
  it means black mountain in spanish too . 
  when i was a kid i thought we translated the name and it had another name there . 
  also , macedonia means fruit salad in spain , so it was kinda weird learning geography as a spanish kid . 
  nice list !, 
  but it hurts my pride that you mentioned two spanish cities and neither of them was barcelona . 
  come here too op , definitely worth the trip !, 
  it 's not really a cathedral though , the cathedral of barcelona is [ another building entirely ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barcelona_cathedral ) . 
  la sagrada familia is technically a basilica and expiatory church ( which , by the way , it means that it 's financed solely with donations , the main reason why it 's taking so long to finish it ) . 
  for what is worth , i think they should have stopped building it when gaud\u00ed died , but whatever . 
  it looks pretty awful completed . 
  in spanish the sweden/switzerland mix up makes more sense because the translated names of the countries are suecia ( sweden ) and suiza ( switzerland ) . 
  it used to be the same for us until we started winning things for some reason . 
  have faith !, 
  the swedish one is nice and scarily accurate at the same time . 
  bono is also an environmentalist who flies around in his private jet , a la al gore . 
  many people hate him , there was even a band called [ bono must die ] ( http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/188371/bono+must+die.jpg ) . 
  vars\u00f2via did exist !, 
  as i say , it was short lived and a few years ago . 
  but you 're right , the most popular spin-off is crack\u00f2via . 
  i have no clue , sorry . 
  did you know that the most popular show in catalan tv ( political satire ) is called pol\u00f2nia in reference to this ? 
  it even had a short lived spin-off called vars\u00f2via ( warsaw ) , centered around sports ( `` vars '' is pronounced the same as bar\u00e7 ( a ) , the club ) . 
  ... of course ? 
   who cares about `` humanising '' ? 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  or are you actually stating that dehumanising people from another country is not an issue ? 
  ever heard of england ? 
  each case is different , but an american should know better than to just write off all secesionism as nonsense . 
  yep , this specific quote from this particular man is a fair representation of the milions of refugees entering europe . 
  this is a shitty , shitty comment and yet i ca n't help but think moat people on / r/europe would agree with it . 
  franco is a symptom of the way a part of the country ( emphasis on the * part * , i obviously do n't believe all spaniards are evil fascists ) perceives catalans and catalonia ; which is to say , as problematic quasi-foreigners ( polacos ) that need to be ` put in their place ' . 
  i 'm not even saying this is the way most people in spain feel about catalonia . 
  ** i know it 's not !, 
  ** but this perspective * is * prevalent among the ruling class ( la casta , as iglesias puts it ) , which makes very difficult for barcelona and madrid to have a healthy political relationship , doubly so when one is subordinated to the other . 
  i do n't want to cut ties with the spanish people !, 
  i love many , many things about spain , just not the people up top calling the shots . 
  no irony here , no sir . 
   im tired of the franco card so because you 're tired of it it becomes an invalid argument ? 
  if it makes you feel less alone , * aranya * is a word in catalan , though it means spider ... 
  it 's hillarious ; basque comes from ... proto-basque !, 
  maybe we can melt the medals and pay off some of that nasty debt ... just kidding ( mostly ) , congratulations to la selecci\u00f3n !, 
  separatism does n't necessarily imply nationalism . 
  the solution to that particular problem would be ( imo ) the dissolution of these states whose own interests clash with those of the eu as a whole . 
  get rid of germany , france , italy , spain ... 
  the resultant ( smaller ) region-states would lack the influence to sway the whole union , and would also be forced to cooperate with other such states in order to prosper . 
  so you 're saying he ca n't discuss other countries ' problems because his own country has issues too ? 
  so , seeing how * all countries * in the world have their fair share of problems , should we just ban international debates ? 
  it 's just hard to empathize with the sentiment that poor people escaping violent death in their war-torn country are making your life slightly less comfortable and not adhering to all bureaucratic procedures . 
  even more so when you 're lumping them all together as a mass of unruly savages . 
  i mean , i 'm just guessing here , but it 's preeeetty likely that he 's not the person in charge of handling this issues in russia . 
  hey , cheer up , it could be worse !, 
  you could be living in a war-torn country without access to basic necessities , fearing for your life everyday !, 
  seriously . 
  i 'm at a point where i feel that the direction this subreddit is taking is not annoying but frightening . 
  they 'll twist the facts to conform to their shitty agenda and feel righteous about it . 
   the rise of radical islam for the past 100 years . 
  and how did this happen ? 
  basically all of the conflicts in the area can be traced down to either the us or russia . 
  by stating a false dichotomy ? 
  how easy !, 
  if only there were * more * options a part from these two ... like , i do n't know , who 's arming both sides of the conflict ? 
  maybe work on that ? 
  yep , totally the same as what the racists of / r/europe are saying . 
  of course it 's not sustainable but that does n't mean we should n't do it if there 's no other choice . 
  letting them die in their country should * not * be an option . 
  fuck this shit .
