  only reasonable comment in the thread , kudos . 
  cup is not anarquist , wtf ? 
  they 're anti-capitalists . 
  they do n't want to take it down because it 's related to spain , and you 're talking out of your ass . 
  infuriating that people is upvoting you when 90 % of your message is certifiable bullshit . 
  cup is radical in their view that we should eliminate symbols of colonialism , and fight the patriarchy , absolutism , etc. 
  this proposal is in line with their views , and it 's up to them to convince the people of barcelona that they 're right . 
  if they ca n't the statue stands and that 's it . 
  liar . 
   nobody from barcelona supports this idea wrong . 
   they should be expulsed from the goverment fascist . 
  we 're done here . 
  not again ... 
  says who ? 
  rising taxes for incomes of over 60.000 $ / year , rising the minimum wage to 800 $ / month in 14 pays , moving towards taxation of purchase and sale of stock and bonds ... those are measures for the middle class ; not communist measures , but the necessary ones to guarantee the welfare state ( estado del bienestar ) we were promised . 
  podemos are n't communist , no matter how long you and the conservative media keep telling yourselves that . 
  psoe is n't a leftist party because they enact the same economical policies as the pp ; austerity as mandated by the troika . 
  they 're socially progressive to a degree , sure , but that 's about it . 
  a true leftist party would try different measures for reviving the economy that would n't put the most stress on the poor and middle class . 
  psoe real left hahahaha . 
  another joke , please . 
  it 's funny how this has gotten attention from the us as if recognizing it as a great idea when it 's being so heavily criticized here by pretty much everyone except the party that implemented it . 
  not that i am against it ( i live far from this superblock and have no reason to go there whatsoever , so i have n't felt its effects ) but it 's kinda weird . 
  barcelona and spain in general have a great public transportation system . 
  we 're lacking in biking lanes / getting people acostumed to bikers but for people living and working in the city it 's a known fact that owning a car is not only unnecessary but probably a bad idea . 
  you 're 100 % right , we do . 
  but i 've lived all my life in barcelona and i 've never been robed . 
  i know it 's anecdotal but i also think that if you 're cautious and have common sense it 's not that bad . 
  yeah , it 's not an easy to solve problem . 
  and of course the media and the political parties escalate the conflict for their own benefit . 
  i 've always been in favour of a diplomatic federalist solution , but it just does n't seem possible at all , and the next best thing ( again , for me ) is unilateral independence . 
  i just do n't think spain will change in that regard . 
  of the 4 major parties in spain we have : - pp . 
  its electorate would prefer a more centralized state / less autonomy for catalonia . 
  its electorate would prefer a more centralized state / less autonomy for catalonia . 
  most of its electorate would prefer things to stay the same or a more centralized state / less autonomy for catalonia . 
  about half of its electorate would prefer things to stay the same or a more centralized state / less autonomy for catalonia . 
  the logical conclusion is that the spanish electorate as a whole just does n't want catalonia to have more autonomy / is unwilling to negotiate with catalonia . 
  so catalans , many of which are unhappy with the current relationship between catalonia and spain , feel like not only it 's not possible to negotiate now , it will continue to be impossible for the foreseeable future . 
  you 're wrong on a few things : - this will be the second referendum and the first and only * binding * referendum . 
  there were also the plebiscitarian elections that lost their meaning when the local branch of podemos refused to align themselves as for or against independence and treated them instead as normal elections . 
  still , the result from those elections is what , in the eyes of the catalan government , legitimizes them to intensify the push for independence . 
  - there is a plan beyond , as i said in my comment , with a new constitution and treasury being drafted already . 
  the perception from catalonia is that the pp ( the biggest party in spain ) is never going to accept anything catalonia asks for ; and instead will continue to push for a more centralized state as it has been doing . 
  do keep in mind that the pp was founded by francoists , and the pervasive attitude within the party is that catalans are mostly a nuisance . 
  i think smaller governments mean smaller-scale corruption and a higher need for international cooperation . 
  so , good things . 
  ok , maybe i was overly sensitive , sorry about that . 
  to answer your question : i do n't know about other separatist movements but catalan independentism has existed for centuries . 
  it has gained traction lately for two main reasons : - ten years ago , the spanish constitutional court rejected a new catalan statue of autonomy after it was aproved by the catalan parliament , and after the spanish president at the time had promised to accept it . 
  this initiated a trend of catalonia asking to renegotiate its status within spain and the spanish government refusing every time . 
  - the economical crisis caused a lot of social unrest that , in some cases , has translated into a push for independence , with the understading that catalonia would be better off handling its own money . 
  so , the answer might be that this is * partially * a trend . 
  the worldwide social unrest caused by the economical crisis is one of the reasons , but not the only one . 
  to expand , there * is * a very solid plan . 
  the pro-independence parties and third-party experts have been drafting the new constitution , treasury , etc. 
  the plan is to have everything ready * before * independence is declared . 
  it 's perfectly logical that you do n't understand nuanced internal issues of countries with centuries of history , although the tone of your question seem to suggest catalans are just following a trend or something . 
  it 's not the case . 
  i hope not . 
  the eu government is too shady and removed from popular voting to have its own army . 
  the catalan president has vowed to hold a binding referendum within the year . 
  the intention of the pro-independence side is to secede immediately thereafter ( if they win the vote , of course ) . 
  the psc is a madhouse . 
  it was always a catalanist party , but with the escalation of the issue they 've ended up in a no man 's land , with contradictions within itself and with psoe , splinter factions and contant leadership changes . 
  probably not , yeah . 
  but it 's the best option i can think of . 
  any other option seems to lead to 4 more years of pp and catalonia pushing harder for inependence ( or a dui ) . 
  there would have to be concessions , obviously . 
  agreeing to a referendum would probably make s\u00e1nchez president , end the blocade , start to heal the relationship between madrid and barcelona and give us a plural left-wing government . 
  for me it 's a great scenario . 
  of course s\u00e1nchez would get insane amounts of shit from the centrist faction of the psoe , but i think it would be by far the best option for spain ; and i say that as a catalan in favour of the referendum and partial to a federal solution . 
  cs would n't be in this governement , obvioulsy . 
  psoe+p odemos + erc+dl+pnv have 178 seats , enough to form a government . 
  gonz\u00e1lez lied much more in his time and he did n't get much flak . 
  i definitely like s\u00e1nchez more now that he 's shown he 's willing to take all this shit before making rajoy president . 
  reaching an agreement with the catalan parties ( which i 'm pretty sure would be only dependant on psoe agreeing to an independence referendum ) is not as crazy as the pp-controlled media would have you believe . 
  psoe is center-left economically and moderately progressive , podemos and erc are progressive left and converg\u00e8ncia is pretty much in the center economically and moderately progressive too . 
  i mean , to be fair , old women sitting in front of their houses in the summer are part of the scenery here . 
  at least in my town . 
  fuck felipe gonz\u00e1lez , i could n't hate this guy more if i tried . 
  carglass cambia , carglass repara !, 
  starwman argument ; he did n't say mass immigration is the reason behind western europe 's development , but that it clearly has n't hampered them that much or poland would have already caught up . 
  and spanish just gets rid of the `` di '' altoghether . 
  lazy spaniards smh . 
   cocin\u0103 which incidentally is almost identical to the spanish * cocina * ( kitchen ) . 
  can confirm . 
  pay is really shit and unpaid overtime is expected . 
  formerly interesting though ? 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't empathize . 
  i 'm guessing you like aznar then ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  consider a married couple . 
  do both parts need to agree in order to get a divorce ? 
  does that make sense to you ? 
  it 's insane . 
  if the law stated that women ca n't leave their husbands unless the men consent it , then the law is wrong and it has to be changed , regarless of what the husband thinks . 
  the husband should have no say in this , because otherwise the law will never be changed and the unjust situation will go on forever . 
  ignoring the will of ** milions ** of people in order to uphold an unjust law is not democracy , it 's the worst kind of authoritarianism . 
  need i remind you that progress is almost always achieved by breaking unjust laws ?
