  to be blunt , the situation would be completely untenable in a modern democracy . 
  i think this will probably blow up over the next week or two , if my country votes to remove itself from the united kingdom on the 18th , it will serve as an example to the catalans . 
  just kind of goes to show that we all have our own propaganda and trying to sort the truth from fiction is more difficult than we think . 
  if you find it interesting , go there . 
  it 's amazing . 
  the throne itself is deliberately modest , but the marble it is built on is said to have been taken from the basilica of the holy sepulchre ( where jesus was crucified ) - the rumour is that jesus himself climbed the marble steps after being whipped by the legionnaires on the day of his execution . 
  i was never told this whilst i was there , but it was only in recollection that i realized charlemagne must have had inspiration from the visigoths who constructed the the mosque/cathedral of c\u00f3rdoba . 
  check out how the arches are exactly the same style . 
  [ c\u00f3rdoba ] ( http://carsties.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/cordoba-mosque2.jpg ) [ aachen ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/k%c3%b6nigsthron_aachener_dom.jpg ), 
  i think it was more like they were n't worth the hassle to conquer . 
  i do n't mean that in a disparaging way , switzerland due to its geography has always been a historically difficult place to wage war . 
  it 's borders have remained relatively similar for over 700 years , mostly based on where there are natural boundaries . 
  that being said , there was a plan in place by the axis to annex switzerland after they had dealt with larger threats , it was called [ operation tennenbaum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_tannenbaum ) . 
  the plan was to use an infantry feint to lure the swiss out from their defenses and then cut them off at the rear using overwhelming force ; essentially the same strategy used in the invasion of france . 
  many believed the invasion of switzerland to be almost certain ( had of course events like barbarossa and the wider conflict gone in favour of germany ) . 
  hitler very much believed switzerland only existed as a result of some sort of weakness on behalf of the holy roman empire . 
  he often referred to it as an ` anachronism ' and once said it is : `` a pimple on the face of europe '' and a state that no longer had a right to exist , denouncing the swiss people as `` a misbegotten branch of our volk . '', 
  it 's worth noting that in the absence of an invasion , germany did try to anschluss switzerland in the same way it had done austria , reaching out to prominent politicians and local activists , although that 's a whole other post in itself . 
  i like the idea , that 's why i 'm not outraged . 
  i trust the eu to have our best interests at heart when negotiating this . 
  the partnership will strengthen ties with the us ( our biggest ally ) , create jobs , reduce/eliminate all those pointless tariffs and make importing/exporting so much easier ( ex / will remove the need for a car that has passed eu safety regulations to be reclassified again for the us market ) . 
  the eu also claims it could boost the our economies by around $ 120bn , and the us economy by $ 90bn . 
  http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ( check out the key research findings on page 7 for a tl ; dr summary ), 
  russia is forcing our hand because they believe we are bluffing when we talk about type 3 sanctions ( ie : actual consequences ) . 
  they are right ; we are bluffing . 
  countries like france , italy and especially germany rely far too much on russia for trade . 
  the germans rely heavily on russian natural gas , for example . 
  even the uk , which produces a lot of its own gas/oil , is reliant to some extent on russian billionaires/businesses doing their banking in london . 
  it 's unfortunate because on the one hand we obviously oppose what is happening in ukraine , but nobody is prepared to actually damage their economy to stop it . 
  in the end i 'm left thinking that putin has actually played a really smart game up until now . 
  all of this has come about when the eurozone is still quite fragile - the main players in europe wo n't risk rocking the boat - so that allows putin to be quite aggressive toward his immediate neighbors . 
  technically it was never a criminal offense in the first place so the title is actually inaccurate . 
  piracy is a matter for the civil courts . 
  many people suspect that this will serve as a foundation for the introduction of the digital economy act though - if they can prove that simply sending letters out to people doese n't change their habit of pirating software then they will have evidence to actually criminalise it so that people can be prosecuted . 
  we learnt that lesson 1000 years ago . 
  do n't sell stuff to vikings , they will only invade you and get their money back . 
  good luck trying to get it back in a decent amount of time . 
  the government owe me about a grand and i 've been chasing it for 2 months now . 
  going to have to go round to the queens house with a baseball bat at this rate . 
  central paris is brilliant but whats up with all the graffiti on the metro line as you go out toward charles de gaulle ? 
  i 've never seen so much graffiti in my life , for miles and miles it 's over every surface - even on industrial buildings , are these places all abandoned ? 
  was just a little surreal considering the city proper is gorgeous . 
  it 's like the local government has decided to spend everything on central and ignore the suburbs completely . 
  i 'm from edinburgh , we get a lot of french tourists and americans who are either going to muirfield and east lothian or up north to st. andrews for golfing . 
  lots of folk from down south too - londoners quite like edinburgh because it 's metropolitan but small and easily navigated . 
  everyone is usually very respectable , i 've never had any problems with tourists and enjoy seeing them having fun . 
  americans can be a bit brash , but hey , so can we , so we get on well . 
  different story in the summer though . 
  we have the edinburgh fringe , it 's a month long festival across the whole city for art , music , food and theater . 
  tend to find the population increases by about 20 % every august and things can get a bit hectic . 
  buses too full , trains packed out , late night drinking etc. 
  i did n't consider that logic , i suppose you could make that assertion then . 
  one would have to question the effectiveness of such strong-armed reasoning though - surely denying people the right to vote by implying they are agents of a different nation would ultimately only strengthen their cause ? 
  the uk government denying scotland the right to vote on independence using that logic , for example , would be unthinkable . 
  even 40 years ago , when we had the first vote , it was unthinkable to deny people the right to self-determination . 
  perhaps the spanish debate is different . 
  in the uk however , with the precedent we set with gibraltar and the falklands , denying people the right to choose just is n't an option for any politician . 
  the 4 key ` reserved ' powers ( in that they are n't devolved ) are defence and foreign affairs , immigration , social security and finally the constitution . 
  there is also the argument however that the barnett formula , the mechanism that determines how money is allocated from westminster to holyrood , is inefficient and relies too much upon the good will of westminster :  the scottish national party pointed to what has been termed the barnett squeeze . 
  they point out that rather than protecting the favourable spending position of scotland , the barnett formula steadily erodes that advantage : if a 4 % increase is needed in expenditure to cover inflation , scotland will get an increase of only 3 % of its total budget , whereas england will get the full 4 % ( proportional to population share ) -- after inflation , that would mean a 1 % budget reduction for the scottish government . 
  it 's been a bit of a tightrope act trying to balance what powers to devolve and what should stay with westminster - it will all come to a head when the independence vote is cast in september . 
  that 's a bit of a flimsy disposition to hold - the principle of territorial integrity as defined in international law concerns relationships between different nation states , not home grown , legitimate , secessionist movements . 
  so in that regard there is n't a ` self-determination versus territorial integrity ' paradigm to argue for or against . 
  in reality , you would need to assert that secessionists were essentially agents of another state to apply the un enshrined principle of territorial integrity to the argument . 
  for the uk and spanish debates this is a non-starter . 
  wow , strapping a gun to one of the most iconic pieces of art in history . 
  that 's pretty damn american . 
  i thought this was a really good take on the problems with the eu . 
  when you analyze the problems within the eu you come to the conclusion that a fiscal union is inevitable if the monetary union is to continue . 
  in this regard , the ` ever closer union ' mantra becomes reality . 
  i think others getting upset at some of the images within it need to chill out a bit , the images are satire ( to make it entertaining ) ; the message is the same . 
  the cultural differences within the eu are a big problem in regards to fiscal union , greece for example has a political class that is too used to making unrealistic campaign promises to win votes and lacks a good bureaucracy when collecting taxes - this is a dangerous combination that will have to change if they are to recover . 
  alternatively , a fiscal union would take that control away from them ... but good luck getting them to agree to that !, 
  david cameron waves note : `` there 's no money left ! '', 
  no , but the russians certainly would . 
  it was n't an alliance , it was a non-aggression pact called the [ molotov -- ribbentrop pact ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) , one that hitler ultimately decided to break by launching a surprise attack across the russian border [ ( operation barbarossa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_barbarossa ) , the largest military operation in world history ) . 
  history shows us that hitler despised the communists and saw all slavic people as being innately sub-human . 
  you can see it it in his executive orders and his personal writings . 
  hitler hated the soviets and he only agreed not to attack stalin ( which was in itself a lie ) to buy time to secure the western front and defeat france , he wanted to learn lessons from the failed [ schlieffen plan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schlieffen_plan ) of ww1 . 
  there is a failure here on behalf of the french and british who did not secure the assistance of stalin beforehand ( their diplomatic efforts were extremely lacklustre ) . 
  at this point i think it 's worth noting that i do n't think we need a revisionist narrative that tries to conflate the soviets and the third reich as being allies . 
  students of history know that they definitely were n't and if you argue that they were ( despite there being a clear differentiation between an alliance and a non-aggression pact in political terms ) it 's just as easy to argue that it was all based on deceit anyway . 
  russians would argue that nato wanting to expand to ukraine and the surrounding area was very aggressive . 
  the last time the russians tried to do something similar , we had a little diplomatic spat called the cuban missile crisis . 
  like henry kissinger said recently - ` it 's only 300 miles from moscow ' . 
  to those with short memories , or those who are n't experienced enough , ` it 's only 300 miles from florida ' was the line the us used to kick the soviets out of cuba . 
  i know i 'm pissing in the wind here , but try to put the shoe on the other foot and think about it like a russian would . 
  nato are fairly aggressive , and they promised they would n't be to the russians after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  thanks for translating , you are doing a good service to the sub . 
  i do n't really find the pm 's answer to this very satisfying :  yes , you 'll have people back you on this . 
  but i question whether a prime minister should n't defend that a country in which we uphold the `` rechtsstaat [ 4 ] '' [ roughly translates to `` state based on justice and law '' ] , shall never tolerate that people should die instead of appearing in court . 
  he goes on to mention the young dutch girls that have been indoctrinated and gone to syria as well . 
  prompting the pm to respond , but he does n't really . 
  in the uk we have a similar situation , three 17 year old girls ran off to syria a few weeks ago . 
  they just left their school and got on a flight to turkey . 
  should they die as well , do we wish death on them ? 
  people who are n't even legally adults that have clearly been brainwashed by propaganda ? 
  i just find it a little hard to stomach , that in a country that prides itself on the rule of law , it 's court institutions and all the history associated , we would just say ' i hope you die out there ' . 
  if i 'm being honest , this sounds like blatant populism designed to attract angry voters . 
  which is fine for the population at large , they only have to think about these things for 5 minutes when they read the next drama in the days paper , but politicians and law-makers have to consider these things at length .
