i know fifa are corrupt as hell , so they were probably paid to do this by their wealthy russian sponsors , but ... 
  practically speaking is n't crimea now part of russia ? 
  i mean short of nato military action that is n't going to change , it 's not like putin is just going to have a change of heart and give it back . 
  not trying to be argumentative here , i really feel for the ukrainians who have their country torn apart but being pragmatic i ca n't see what is objectively wrong about labeling crimea as russian territory . 
  to use the old terminology , crimea is de facto russian now . 
  at what point does enough time pass where we just sort of forget it was ukrainian territory ? 
  20 years , 50 years ? 
  do we always just label it as disputed ? 
  it seems like such an ambiguous line of thought to me . 
  i think the debate is more based on the right to bodily integrity actually . 
  the attitude for many in europe is that the choice should be left to the individual , which means they should be an adult . 
  people are getting caught up in the semantics of it all but the inherent idea is one of a right to choose . 
  it 's about freedom of choice trumping religious or cultural doctrine . 
  i remember going there when i was dating a girl from finland . 
  we were actually staying near helsinki at the time but decided to get the boat to tallinn . 
  it 's a really wonderful place , the architecture is so lovely . 
  i 'm from edinburgh myself , so i have an appreciation for old cities , but where as everything in my home town seems to be made of granite , the old town in tallinn uses this white/cream stone that is gorgeous . 
  anyway , i got a bottle of vana tallinn when i was there , it went great in my afternoon coffee !, 
  no that is n't what i mean . 
  i also do n't accept the premise that israel is a ` stable democracy ' , whatever the connotations are for that term . 
  they are currently ranked 69 on the fragile states index , bordering on the ` very high warning ' category . 
  the us and europe are stable democracies - israel is not , for a multitude of reasons that would take too long to go into . 
  at any rate , my initial thought was purely in regards to israel as that is what the article is discussing . 
  in reality we apply pressure too all sides of the issue because that is how we will actually achieve peace in accordance with un resolution 194 . 
  in my own personal opinion though ; israel is the biggest threat to the two-state solution so they must be approached with a harder hand than palestine . 
  israels continual approach to settlements is a blatant attempt to make the two state solution unworkable , this is despite condemnation from the us and europe . 
  read more about that in the ` viability ' section of the wikipedia article , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/two-state_solution#viability ) . 
   `` some countries , first of which is france , believe israel must be presented with specific sanctions to be leveled if israel takes specific actions so that there wo n't be any surprises and the price is clear , '' a senior european diplomat said . 
  i 'm glad that our stance has hardened against the israelis as of late , their commitment to the two-state solution , or lack thereof , is n't good enough . 
  and seeing as we ca n't reach unilateral un agreement on the issue of settlements , for example , due to the us veto then sanctions could prove useful instead . 
  if we are genuinely serious about peace in that area of the middle east then these actions are necessary imo . 
  no thanks . 
  as someone who has recently been looking into postgraduate education recently , this is the case in my native scotland too . 
  undergraduate degrees are free but not so for postgrad . 
  which oddly enough is something i never really considered before after going through the government funded undergrad system . 
  probably going to have to arrange some kind of part-time 2 year contract with my company if i want to get my masters . 
  not so great , doable , but certainly challenging . 
  i actually did n't know the etymology off the top of my head but i did a quick search and found out that the latin word was derived from the ancient greek word \u03bc\u03ac\u03b8\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1 ( m\u00e1th\u0113ma ) . 
  this in latin was then called ars mathematica ( the mathematical arts ) or just mathematica , which as any well educated latin speaker would know , is a plural . 
  from then on the french decided to call it les math\u00e9matiques and we called it mathematics in modern english . 
  so i suppose it being plural is just a historical hangover of the ancient terms , which were more broad in nature by definition - the ancient greek word basically meant ` that which is learnt ' - which is a pretty ringing endorsement of the power of the science !, 
  i 'm actually a statistician so i suppose i should have known where the word comes from but hey , learn something new every day . 
  in the uk we use the shorthand maths ( derived from the word mathematics ) . 
  the oxford dictionary contends that mathematics is plural , so the shorthand we use remains plural . 
  the colonials , or ` americans ' as they like to be known , use the term ` math ' . 
  which does n't make much sense to us as making it singular for no reason is quite silly . ^ i 'm ^ just ^ being ^ facetious, 
  ever told the story of robin hood when you were younger ? 
  i do n't know how popular it is outside of the uk but pretty much everyone here has heard of it . 
  the concept behind him is that he ` steals from the rich and gives to the poor ' . 
  robin hood is romanticized because he is seen as a force for good fighting against a corrupt/evil system that hides behind laws and threats of violence . 
  this actually probably fits pre-eu greece pretty damn well ( it used to be a dictatorship ) and even to some extent modern day greece - their layers of government are very opaque , i suspect plenty of shady stuff still goes on - one of the reasons why the economy is so terrible . 
  so this guy , a modern day robin hood , steals millions from banks and the government , gives most of it away , he never hurts anybody and he makes the authorities look like chumps whilst doing it . 
  it 's pretty easy for me to see why so many people like him . 
  i was joking !, 
  if we are going to get serious though ... ` pawned ' implies you actually got anything for the islands - you got * nothing * for them , effectively giving them away for free . 
  you gave the islands to the king of scotland in exchange for a dowry ( he was due to wed the daughter of king christian the first who had severe money troubles at the time ) but king james of scotland never got round to paying . 
  king christian never pushed hard for payment because he broke several rules by setting up the deal in the first place . 
  there 's your history . 
  i also like how the map seems to count orkney and shetland as norwegian . 
  we conquered those islands hundreds of years ago you rich bastards . 
  i do n't think wales is really capable of becoming independent . 
  it 's economy just is n't strong enough and it relies too much upon the rest of the union for its prosperity . 
  not that this is inherently negative , it just is within the context of independence . 
  i 'm not having a go at wales , but when you compare it scotland who have a big oil industry , very strong food & beverage industries and a strong finance sector - the prospect of independence does n't really sound like a good thing . 
  [ this infographic ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/contributions_to_the_uk_economy_in_2011_by_region.png ) highlights the highest performing areas of the uk . 
  as you can see scotland is a very solid performer whilst wales is near bottom of the list ( compare the populations , scotland = 5m , wales = 3m ... the difference should n't be so stark ) . 
   you are right , it is quite arbitrary , personally i would say the ideal voting age would be around mid-twenties . 
  you are fully developed , finished with education and ( hopefully ) have the experience to know what is good/bad for you/the country . 
  i ca n't disagree with your motive for suggesting this ( you just want voters to be wiser and more experienced which is commendable ) but do n't you think you run the risk of alienating people from politics by locking them out of the system ? 
  i was a member of a political party at the age of 19 , i 'm not any more due to disagreements i had with policy but at the time i would argue my voice was just as valid as someone who was 25 , or 55 . 
  i formed my political beliefs first in high school , then refined them at university . 
  could n't a 16 or 17 year old do the same whilst in an apprenticeship in the dockyards around rosyth or glasgow ? 
  he would be surrounded by labour party members and union affiliates and take the lead from them . 
  is that not legitimate too ? 
  how would you teach politics to young kids as well ? 
  i can picture the classroom , filled with students who when told all about the different parties would just roll their eyes and say : `` this does n't even matter , our voices do n't count '' - they would be absolutely right . 
  as a final point , in the uk we constantly talk about ` the grey vote ' , how the country has become a ` gerontocracy ' where pensions are sacred and everything else must be cut before they will even be considered for reform ( the pension system is the single biggest blackhole in uk finances right now , way ahead of welfare ) . 
  we are told that young people just do n't vote in enough numbers to matter to the populist parties who only want to maximize their potential number of supporters . 
  how would locking young people out of the system encourage a reversal in this trend ? 
  this is a really good discussion topic by the way , i 'm glad it 's entered public discourse because of the indy ref . 
  yes , the term you are looking for is consumption tax . 
  the most common in the uk is vat ( value added tax ) , it 's the third most profitable tax for the government . 
  it 's fairly self-explanatory , the tax is levied against the mark up price of goods . 
  vat is technically an indirect tax because it is actually paid for by the seller , then sellers pass the burden of the tax onto the consumer . 
  some things are exempt from vat though ; food is a good example . 
  at 16 you are old enough to start paying taxes . 
  should be old enough to vote and determine how those taxes are spent in my view . 
  also , who defines what an ` educated decision ' is when it comes to voting ? 
  is it your decision to make ? 
  mine ? 
  should the government decide ? 
  it 's quite an arbitrary way of looking at it and if you really decide to run with the idea of what an ` educated ' choice is versus what an ` uneducated ' choice is - you are going to be excluding far more people than just 16 year olds from voting !, 
  unlimited 3g , texts and minutes for # 15 a month . 
  no contract , you just choose every month if you want to keep paying or stop . 
  it 's so easy . 
  they cater to folk like me who do n't like getting into contracts , it 's supposed to be about no messing about with customer reps , reference checks for loan applications , contractual agreements , etc. 
  which , coincidentally , is why the whole passport thing is so annoying ( to be fair to giffgaff , i do think they were forced to do this by the government over the last year , they did n't cater to pressure groups ) . 
  i think you start digging a hole for yourself when you avoid giving the people a chance to vote on something they care about . 
  refusing a referendum will only serve to galvanize the supporters of independence , they will feel as if they are being denied their right to self-determination as defined within the un charter , of which spain is a signatory . 
  likewise , it highlights the weakness of the government - by refusing a referendum it can be inferred that they are scared of what the result would be .
