absolutely . 
  well one half of zero is still zero ... 
  yes he was , but the nazi party did n't have a majority in the reichstag , but they managed to stall and filibuster everything in the parliament rendering it pretty much useless and requiring new elections over and over - and they accumulated more and more seats . 
  having the german politics in unbreakable gridlock , hitler aimed for the chancellery and finally hindenburg , despite the fact that he resented hitler , appointed him chancellor . 
  what followed ( enabling act , seizure of power etc. ), 
  is history . 
  yeah but that would require a new name . 
  commonwealth of western republics . 
  or maybe commonwealth of democratic nations . 
  atlantic federation would be great . 
  current eu + usa + canada + norway + switzerland = empire boner * ughhhh *, 
  well if you want to truly save the people from being tortured , open more embassies in those particular countries with the sole purpose of saving them . 
  the minute somebody enters the embassy , their asylum should be seriously considered . 
  but letting people to swarm into europe on crowded boats with impunity and granting them citizenship unconditionally shits on the heads of all the people who are willing to go through lengthy immigration process . 
  wiping our asses with our laws because we want to avoid feeling `` guilty '' is not moral whatsoever . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'd rather see the money spent on education or healthcare than on some illusion of moral high ground . 
  europe ca n't afford to nourish every economig migrant from africa . 
  moral responsibility ? 
  heck , i believe it is our moral responsibility to ensure that our future descendants do n't live in europe overrun with economic migrants from third world countries . 
  it is not our obligation to shelter illegal immigrants and people who are willing to break the law to get in here . 
  [ us house of representatives ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fb/obama_health_care_speech_to_joint_session_of_congress.jpg ) from this picture it looks that the us hor does n't have desks for everybody , i do not know of any chamber that follows the uk example . 
  populism and the usual trivia, 
  you are a fucking idiot and i hope you will never vote again, 
  that 's a retarded argument pal . 
  somebody had to produce that missile , savvy ? 
  the fact that they wasted money does n't change anything , you increase gdp with your internet payments , although you use it to write retarded arguments . 
  if they did , the gypsies would stole it ^ please ^ do n't ^ downvote, 
  gypsies do n't have nuclear weapons , so their potential for destruction is much lower, 
  give the european quarter to the un , new york is impractical anyways and lets transfer the capital to paris , london or berlin , cities that are more globally connected and more known in the world . 
  that financial times article is a bunch of sensationalist crap . 
  the fact that they did n't include krakow irks me , although prague is there , so i 'm happy , 
  at least it is a sign that the officials or their associates and secretaries in the eu parliament are trying to understand the internet ( unless they already do , which i 'm inclined to think after the net neutrality law ) . 
  unlike some us congressmen , e.g. 
  lamar smith, 
  the job of the unions is to take care of their well being , not to be a second tier political party . 
  time and time again i have seen completely insane proposals by the unions movement . 
  they must not become a b wing of the leftist political parties , once they start meddling in politics , things go downhill . 
  yeah . 
  that 's gon na happen, 
  turkey is very progressive if you do not take the hillbilly east into account , to be honest they tried more to be the part of the west more than russia which tried only subjugating parts of it, 
  anyways this is in my opinion the ideal form to which the eu should be heading - a federalised europe which would n't have to beg the us for help http://imageshack.com/a/img713/7751/dich.png, 
  i never mean it , 
  well i agree with you on the tough stance on russia , but you might be slightly retarded , since eu does n't have common defense and foreign policy . 
  this is the time for the leaders to wake up and patch the eu as close together as we can to counter such threats . 
  an 18 trillion dollars large economy could wipe its ass with russia . 
  because it 's people commenting who do n't know jackshit about monetary policy . 
  the loudest one is usually the most empty minded . 
  you got me there , but i forgot to enter some percentage to support my demagogue-ish counterargument . 
  i got lawyered, 
  cameron is too scary to point to a problem that rises with the inter-commonwealth immigration , namely african and asian countries . 
  the average eu citizen that comes to uk seeks to work and improve the uk and his home country aswell , but of course there are exceptions , but you ca n't generalize the issue and punish those , who have got nothing to do with their situation . 
  i do n't see many polish immigrants chopping their soldiers to pieces in broad day light ... cameron is a worthless pice of shit . 
  well moscow was severely damaged by its urban planners ... take a look at some of the gargantuan roads that cut through the city impeding walking . 
  but it has a beautiful center though . 
  yes i have , but right now the economy is not overheating , so it would not make sense to dampen growth . 
  do you honestly believe that we are in the same situation as greece ? 
  do n't be brainwashed into thinking that we are having the same structural problems as greece . 
  of course the interest is not imaginary , but we are still better off paying the interest than slashing the government spending like you suggested . 
  the us government has been in debt practically since the beginning and yet it never went bankrupt . 
  chill out . 
  my answer : improve the services the government provides , reduce corruption and bureaucracy , integrate more closely and facilitate trade with europe and support investment . 
  as i 've said before - trying to balance the budget at any cost over artificial period does n't make economic sense . 
  this is not a problem . 
  we should theoretically strive to balance our budget over the economic cycle and not the fiscal cycle or electoral cycle . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  stop with the debt boogeyman . 
  edit : what would happen should we try to balance our budget at any cost ? 
  what the government can do ? 
  realistically - it can either increase taxes or decrease spending - both of these measures would dampen growth and slow down the economy . 
  well now you are going to be even more brah ^ :(, 
  yeah well fuck there internal political problems and fuck wallonia for doing this, 
  look up the phenomenon of induced demand , there is a valid reason that lane expansion is no longer thought to be the panacea for increased traffic, 
  if you think that english is not an absolute necessity at the world of international high finance , you are delusional . 
  frankfurt or paris could take on the role of london . 
  the important thing is access to the rest of the eu and large economy as a back-up . 
  germany and france have it . 
  that may be the case , but we did not manage to create anythin better so far, 
  fair enough , i did not clarify that enough , but let 's not forget that if you live in a representative democracy you do not lose all agency and responsibility . 
  the greek people have no mandate to dictaze any change given the fact that they falsified pretty much any economic metric and created the worst ponzi-like economy in europe . 
  and now why should they listen to the british now ? 
  they have jjst voted to forfeit their voice . 
  it 's incredibly sad , but it is true . 
  the entire business model of uber rests on the information assymetry . 
  if you take into account the depreciation of the vehicle and the cut that uber takes , then you can infer that the drivers earn just above minimum wage . 
  some great architecture on display here . 
  my only pet peeve with this is the big ass screen at the top of mercury city tower . 
  well there sure were reasons for the rebate and these rebates do not just fall from the sky , but the uk was not the only net contributor , nor were their contributions excessively higher in magnitude in comparison to other countries . 
  furthermore , it was not just about the rebate , there were many more exceptions created to specifically accomodate the demands of the uk . 
  disproportionately so if you compare your past arrangements with other eu member states . 
  well no other eu net contributor had an arrangement similar to the uk rebate ( which amounted for 2/3 of the uk 's net contributions to the eu once , mainly because of the cap , but i digress ) . 
  other countries may have exceptions , but no other country had as many as the uk did , yet it was never enough for britain . 
  the imports to the us do not matter . 
  the world prices absolutely do and the entire global economy rests on them . 
  just fyi, 
  no they most certainly do not . 
  i doubt that they would add / s after it though . 
  just because someone might have said that 250 years ago means that nothing has changed since then ? 
  or what is your point ? 
  because the relations between european countries have not changed at all since these days / s,
