wow . 
  i never said we invented it . 
  well i did n't respond because this is / r/askeurope . 
  i guess i would pick the hamburger/cheeseburger . 
  of course , putting meat in bread is older than the pyramids , and the cheeseburger is n't special in that regard . 
  i think it stands out as american because it is basic at it 's core , but can be made with many variations and because it is so widespread . 
  no , no , no . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  you have to pick what you think is the '' ... best traditional food ... '' . 
  everyone has lots and lots of different foods they could list , but tell us what you think is on top of that list . 
  no , no , no . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  you have to pick what you think is the '' ... best traditional food ... '' . 
  everyone has lots and lots of different foods they could list , but tell us what you think is on top of that list . 
  what is yours , op ? 
  exactly . 
  that 's a range . 
  the top is a stove-top and the bottom is an oven . 
  you see , we screwed it up at some point . 
  we say stove-top , but there is no stove-bottom . 
  any time someone refers to the bottom , they call it an oven . 
  oh , so a hob is only the burners mounted on top of something other than an oven ? 
  yeah , those are not common here ; they may be non-existent here . 
  yes , stove-top is a term . 
  `` range '' is the term for an oven/stove-top combination , but many people would say , `` stove '' or `` oven '' in place of `` range '' . 
  because its so rare to see either one without the other , those terms have all come to mean the same thing . 
  i may not be grammatically correct , but that is the vernacular . 
  there is no mafia !, 
  also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqa07b0x6ju, 
  agreed . 
  that came about from something else . 
  to be fair to the movie , it was making fun of someone being stupid , not making fun of austria . 
  * something , something * meatballs, 
  `` wow !, 
  these dishes have such richness . 
  this is a treasure chest of flavor . 
  thanks a lot . '', 
  * damn . 
  i should really return the favor to these people . 
  swing this stick while i throw this ball at you . '', 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  he probably thinks the eu is a country , too . 
  i 've never heard this term , `` hob '' . 
  is it the same as , `` stove '' ? 
  * taps side of nose . 
  nice photos , cheeky bastard . 
  and what country is that ? 
  you know there is flair in the sidebar ? 
  you should get your flair did . 
  okay . 
  thank you . 
  and this is the area ( s ) that some people would say still belongs to hungary ? 
  thanks , / u/turtle456 . 
  this thread is informative and entertaining . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  i do . 
  this seems a bit odd to me . 
  croatia is not exactly large . 
  is there some backstory to this ? 
  nice post , but i especially like that you used the term , `` apeshit '' . 
  yay for international slang !, 
  pineapple and ham work together , even on pizza . 
  there was a mexican restaurant in amberg that i used to go to . 
  the food was good . 
  it was just outside the egg ; near a cinema and across the street from a newspaper office . 
  edit : i guess it was inside the egg . 
  i see on the map that the amberger zeitung is in the same place , but the restaurant i went to does not appear to still be there . 
  what was the last thing you did take seriously ? 
  is that thing still the same ? 
  if not , in what way did it change ? 
  it was stolen while i was n't paying attention . 
  the guy was real slick . 
  i was standing at the counter , talking to the clerk . 
  the stolen bag was at my feet , between me and the counter . 
  neither myself or the clerk saw it happen . 
  when i started to leave , i noticed the bag was gone . 
  the next day , i went back and the office had reviewed the camera recording . 
  the guy just slipped in and out , right in front of both of us . 
  thankfully , nothing of importance or great value was in the bag . 
  a note about wording : a direct confrontation in which things are demanded for theft is most commonly referred to as a `` mugging '' . 
  a `` robbery '' is a more generic term that could be used in place of mugging , but usually means there was not a direct interaction with the robber . 
  that sounds like something they do in new jersey . 
  um , this was funny , but it did not address the question of the tread . 
  of coarse . 
  everything east of italy is u.s.s.r. :p, 
  it probably is , but not because of the dutch . 
  that 's just a result of being such a huge tourist attraction . 
  so many opportunities for crime . 
  ( i got robbed there ; in the tourist information office across from the main train station . ), 
  hey !, 
  do n't you go telling me that leprechauns are n't really , dammit . 
  i will catch one . 
  just you wait and see . 
  pfft . 
  americans do n't know what an umlaut is ; or many other diacritical marks . 
  second languages are not focused-on in schools and even if people do learn a second language , it is most often spanish . 
  generally speaking , europeans smoke cigarettes more than americans , but i believe this has been leveling out in recent decades . 
  come on . 
  there must be something . 
  muscle cars ?
