  so spend a few days here and do take in other countries . 
  there are too many to recommend , so take your pick from what other people promote . 
  many have christmas markets , so definitely get one or two of those on your list . 
  as for motor sports , there are other times of the year that would be better for that around europe , so keep that for another trip . 
  it should be about countries working together while maintaining their independence . 
  `` co-operation not integration '' as i would put it . 
  one of the main reasons the british voted to leave is because they felt that the eu was dictating too much of what they had to do . 
  the british are very independent , a former colonial power that still has a lot of influence , so they do n't like being told what to do . 
  a lot of countries want to do things , only to find eu rules blocking them . 
  so it is a feeling that is not just in britain . 
  the eu is an organisation not a country . 
  it is not like the united states , and even many people that support the eu do not want to ever see a united states of europe . 
  members should have control over their own laws and more flexibility . 
  we are all independent countries and that is the way it should stay , while working together in areas of mutual benefit and learning from each other . 
  even since the vote to leave , you can see that the british want to hold on to a lot of the benefits of membership . 
  there are many , so it is a matter of getting the balance right . 
  the old name , european community , should be used again . 
  `` union '' has connotations that many people do n't like . 
  google.ie for me in ireland . 
  i have it set as my homepage . 
  for ireland it is gaelic football for catching large balls and the incredible sport of hurling when it comes to smaller ones . 
  you 'll see a few catches in this short video , plus a whole load of other skills : [ hurling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgemvrrocri ), 
  while many people think it is the shamrock , ireland 's official symbol is actually the harp , which you will see on coins and on envelopes and other official documents from government departments . 
  it being the harp has nothing to do with guinness , which also uses a harp as its symbol . 
  the two harps face the opposite way to each other , to completely distinguish them , though even a lot of irish people would n't notice that . 
  another common thing that people do n't know , both irish and international , is that the official national colour for ireland is blue , not green . 
  anything from mid 20s up is regarded as hot in ireland . 
  weather warnings start at 27 \u00b0 c. 
  we recently hit 30 \u00b0 c. 
  the all time record is about 33 \u00b0 c , which was recorded in 1887 . 
  our winters are mild , due to the gulf stream . 
  ireland is between 51 and 55 degrees north . 
  places further south than us get far colder weather in winter , so while we do n't get really high temperatures , we do n't get really low ones either . 
  out lowest air temperature ever recorded , which was in 1979 , was -18.8 \u00b0 c. 
  it is ranging 15 to 21 \u00b0 c across the country as i type . 
  showery , but humid . 
  for some reasons americans in particular seem to have problems with the word `` toilet '' and have come up with other terms , which in turn some irish people have picked up . 
  many of us still call it a toilet though . 
  we confuse them with `` fir '' and `` mn\u00e1 '' , 
  muslims or islam are not to blame . 
  fanatics and those who have led others astray are . 
  innacurate : we all drink guinness and/or are alcoholics . 
  accurate : we are very friendly and relaxed, 
  in ireland anyone from outside of dublin is often called a culchie . 
  in ireland men often pee standing up . 
  oh , and it 's a toilet not a bathroom , unless there is actually a bath in the room . 
  for historical reasons of course , ireland has britain , particularly england , as their great rivals . 
  i wo n't go through a lesson of 800 years of irish history just now . 
   it is all friendly stuff as there are many strong bonds between ireland and england , but we love beating england in sports . 
  ireland 's 1 - 0 victory over them at euro 88 in stuttgart is legendary . 
  the goal , scored by scottish-born ray houghton , is one of those sports clips that is often aired on tv in ireland . 
  he qualified to play for ireland by having an irish father . 
  ironically , the team was managed by england 's jack charlton . 
  he is now an honorary irishman . 
   such rivalries with england extend across many other sports , and we love nothing more than beating the `` old enemy '' in anything . 
  we even famously beat them at cricket in the 2011 world cup . 
  we like seeing them beaten by anyone else too , so iceland 's recent victory brought smiles to many faces in ireland . 
  we have good friendships with our celtic cousins in scotland and wales , who also share our feelings towards england . 
  england would not look on us in the same way , as the likes of the french or germans and others would rank well above us . 
  sure , does n't everyone love the irish ? 
  ireland is a good place to go . 
  there are many people here from all over the world , of many creeds and colours , and we do n't have the major racial tensions prevalent in some countries . 
  your particular skillset will be of use too . 
  so certainly look at coming to ireland as an option . 
   but people are inherently selfish . 
  they want to feel safe , they like the idea of being like a movie star and taking out the bad guy . 
  at the same time they are fat , have no basic self defence skills at all but can hit a target in a shooting range . 
  they sound like the kind of people that should n't have a gun . 
  america though , has a gun culture . 
  as you mentioned , they see it in movies , from the old westerns through to modern movies . 
  it is part of their culture . 
  the constitution gives the right too . 
  the us civil war is long over . 
  i do n't think the founding fathers had it in mind that the right to bear arms would effectively give people the constitutional right to go into a public place and kill everyone they see for no particularly sane reason . 
  in ireland , not even the regular police are armed . 
  you have special units that have guns , but the ordinary police on the streets do n't . 
  in january 2013 , a policeman was shot dead while on duty . 
  that was the first time a policeman had been shot dead since june 1996 . 
  we get murders and gangland violence here , like drug dealers , but nothing like on the scale on the us . 
  we do n't have gang shootings as in teenage kids having fights with others and we do n't have any of these mass shootings in shopping centres , schools etc. 
  we do n't have that gun culture here . 
  the streets are safer as a result . 
  i know . 
  yet , these law abiding citizens who get guns for their protection never seem to use them when they have the chance to protect themselves and others . 
  also , as they are law-abiding citizens , then they should have no problems with tighter gun laws and not be saying that the government is trying to take their guns off them . 
  so they want guns for protection , but wo n't protect themselves , and are law abiding , but do n't want stricter laws which could actually end up helping to protect them . 
  you get americans saying these guns are for their protection . 
  yet whenever one of those nutcases goes on a shooting spree , it is never a good citizen with a gun that stops him . 
  most end up shooting themselves . 
  the good citizens just run instead of using their gun . 
  so , if you excuse the pun , it blows a hole in one of the gun lobby 's biggest clams for having a gun . 
  there will always be different opinions on these things , but for me the finest building in dublin is the [ custom house ] ( http://corabuhlert.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/img_4760.jpg ) . 
  my home is from 1997 and the oldest building that i will be in today is from the 1840s . 
  in ireland elections are mainly separate . 
  for example , our head of state is not the head of government , so our elections for president and for the d\u00e1il ( our parliament ) are separate . 
  they do n't even have the same length of term . 
  a presidential term is 7 years while the d\u00e1il is 5 years . 
  even those are not fixed , so elections for both can happen at any time . 
  in 1981/1982 we had 3 d\u00e1il elections in 18 months . 
  we 've just recently had a general election and it certainly wo n't last 5 years , due to the combination that formed a goverment .
