  this a potentially life changing decision so you need to get it right . 
  you may have `` thought about chicago but want to go big '' , but big has more pitfalls . 
  maybe consider chicago again or somewhere else in the usa before going to europe , as a sort of interim measure . 
  now that you have finished reading this , get yourself a blank sheet of paper and start to seriously work on this in every detail . 
  i suppose it would depend on your age group . 
  the original was made in the 60s and repeated regularly on bbc , where irish people watched it , until the newer ones started to be made in the 80s and 90s . 
  it was the next generation , and it brought another generation of viewers to it . 
  now it gets repeated on channels like syfy which irish people can get . 
  the original was way ahead of its time in terms of quality and better than a lot of science fiction shows that followed it , so it still has fans . 
  yes , it is popular in britain and ireland , as a lot of british channels show it still . 
  there are some trekkies in europe , but not on the same scale as in the us . 
  it is probably not in mainstream culture across most of europe . 
   now my personal opinion is that yes , this is true , but it is quite useful in life to have general knowledge about europe and the world in general you would expect people to have a least some basic knowledge . 
  so we are not expecting that you have detailed knowledge of the history of albania or how the swiss electoral system works or who exactly the head of state of hungary is , but people should have some knowledge , like that europe has countries or that certain countries do n't belong or are part of some other country or not to realise that a particular place is a country . 
   i 'd say it 's safe to assume that europeans also would n't tend to have adequate ability in identifying the geography / culture and traditions of these continents as well ( i could very well be wrong , but it seems quite likely , and no one should blame anyone for it , we 've all learned it in school , stuff just gets lost over time in my case at least ) i think many europeans would have a degree of knowledge about africa . 
  part of that for europeans is of course that many european countries have had colonial history there . 
  while america is certainly a world power , it does n't have the colonial experience in other countries and indeed has it the other way around , having been subject to being colonised . 
  of course taking that fact into consideration you could argue that the fact that parts of the usa were european colonies should give them knowledge of the countries that colonised them . 
  it seems though that they have more knowledge about the areas that were colonised rather than those that colonised them . 
  america has massive ties to europe in that so many of them have ancestry in europe . 
  millions of americans prefix their descriptions of themselves with the nationality of some european country . 
  so they are `` italian-american '' or `` irish-american '' or `` german-american '' or they are half scottish or one quarter french etc. 
  despite that , they seem to have little knowledge of those countries . 
  some even go further and although their ancestors left that country several generations back , they refer to themselves as being of that nationality . 
  here in ireland we get americans coming here to trace their ancestry and calling themselves irish . 
  when they get here it is amusing for us to hear themselves call themselves irish and to see the surprise when they see how modern ireland is , while expecting it to be still like it was when their ancestors left it during the famine in the 1840s , or even much later than that . 
  still they seem to know very little about a country that they have associated themselves with all of their lives , or just have the stereotypical knowledge . 
  so whatever about americans that have no connections to europe , you 'd expect that ones that do have ties should have more knowledge . 
   you told me that you believe it should be normal for people to be knowledgable about other countries , so i wonder if you have proficient knowledge about the usa ? 
  or would you consider it something which you do n't need to know about . 
  i would have a lot of knowledge about america , but in fairness there are good reasons for it . 
  i 've been there a couple of times . 
  it is a high profile country , so a lot of its news gets onto our media , like the whole presidential campaign at present . 
  i am certain that our last presidential campaign ( yes , ireland has a president  ) did n't make regular news in the usa , like yours does here , so naturally we have an advantage here . 
  one thing that would have a little bit of higher profile in the american media in the past would be the troubles in northern ireland . 
  but even out of that , there seemed to be a perception that it was widespread throughout the country and it was open warfare and it was dangerous to come here and other such misconceptions . 
  maybe it was badly reported or done so in a limited way , with not enough detail , which could explain that lack of knowledge . 
  some seem to even think it is still happening , despite how the good friday agreement in 1998 made headlines around the world . 
  we obviously have the english-speaking connection and of course we have the connections to america through the emigration from ireland to the usa . 
  so we may have some advantage there . 
  given our exposure to your media and other things , maybe it is better to look at what we 'd know about countries we do n't have such strong ties to . 
  again though , we 'd have a reasonable knowledge of other countries around the world . 
  as i said , i do think it should be normal to have at least a reasonable knowledge of the world we live in . 
  experience on the net seems to be that americans do n't look much beyond their own borders . 
  although the internet is international , you do see americans looking at it in terms of it being just america . 
  for example , on questions and answers sites that clearly have users from all over the world on them , you do see americans asking very localised type of questions . 
  going back to presidents again , you 'd see a question like `` who was the president in 1950 ? '', 
  seeing that question the first thing i 'd ask is `` of which country ? '', 
  it is clear in the question that they assume everyone knows they are talking about the usa , so they do n't need to ask `` who was the president of the usa in 1950 ? '', 
  it is not always school children asking these and even some of them should know that there was more than one president in the world in 1950 . 
  there are loads of questions like that where it does n't seem to have even crossed their mind that they should need to make it clearer about what they are asking and where it could relate to . 
  of course you will see other questions that are even more ambiguous and are not so because of a lack of knowledge of the world , and for which nobody could know exactly what they are asking , while the questioner assumes that everyone knows precisely what they are asking about , like `` who won last night ? '', 
  still , on average there does seem to be a stronger insular element for americans , more so than in other countries , like those in europe , be that on the internet or in the real world . 
  that leads to the whole issue we are talking about and the surprising lack of knowledge of europe and other parts of the world . 
  people having some very basic geographical knowledge of a country for example . 
  so if you are in one part and are planning to go to another part you should have at least some knowledge of where it is . 
  i am not talking in the sense that they should be able to find their way , but to have looked at a map , so they have a rough idea of how far away it is , or know , that place x is in the east of the country and place y is in the south . 
  if i am going to somewhere unfamiliar i 'd look at a few maps before going to familiarise myself with the region . 
  then when you get down to more specific places , like a little day trip or even walk around a city to some particular sight you are planning to head to , you would check before you leave your hotel so as to know roughly which direction the place is and key points to look out for along the way . 
  there is no difficulty in finding maps of places nowadays and even street views of places to give you an even better idea . 
  then there is knowledge about a particular thing they are going to see , like at least why it is famous and a popular tourist site or landmark . 
  you would n't go to vatican city and then be surprised to find out that it is where the pope lives . 
  you should have at least some basic knowledge of the importance of a place , and then get the more detailed knowledge when you get there . 
  having a bit more knowledge about the places they are visiting . 
  they should do a bit more research before they go . 
  nowadays that is particularly easy to do . 
  it is just the broad lack of knowledge of europe and all aspects of it . 
  many of them have been mentioned here already . 
  they go across geography , politics , history , culture , sport , food , language and a whole host of other areas . 
  americans tend to think very much about america as being the centre of everything and that the way they do things is the same as other countries . 
  having knowledge of other countries is something we think is absolutely normal , but many americans seem to know little about the rest of the world and have a `` why should we know or want to know ? '', 
  kind of attitude . 
  so you get questions about what europeans think , as if we were one homogenous group . 
  we are n't . 
  we are all different , very different . 
  europe is not a country , it is a continent with many different countries . 
  even having an `` ask europe '' reddit in itself demonstrates the way that people see europe as one place and we all act and think the same and are the same in many other ways . 
  when we say europe is different with many countries , they still seem to put it on a united states of america idea , of it having these many parts , but are basically all one unit . 
  so we get questions like `` what is the capital of europe ? '', 
  or `` who is the president of europe ? '', 
  or `` how do you say ` hello ' in europe ? '', 
  you will notice here that when a question is asked that more relates to one country , that europeans of other countries are well capable of answering the question just as much as the natives of those countries are . 
  we certainly do n't have a perfect knowledge of other countries in europe , so many of us learn more about other countries when we see people from those countries talking about them . 
  some europeans do have a surprisingly high lack of knowledge about other countries too , but it at least does n't appear to be on same level as americans or as widespread . 
  of course it is not just europe that this lack of knowledge relates too . 
  while most europeans know otherwise , for many americans , africa is a country and so is asia and all the same kinds of lack of knowledge applies to those continents too . 
  maybe it is the education system in america that puts it central or even the only part of the world , but there is a big world out there . 
  we know that there is a big world outside our countries and we know a lot about it , but many americans seem not to . 
  this lack of knowledge seems baffling , especially when it comes to people who otherwise seem intelligent and well-educated . 
  their `` why would i want to know that ? '', 
  is balanced by our `` how could you not know that ? '', 
  of course there are a lot of americans that are very knowledgeable about europe and other parts of the world , so we do n't see this lack of knowledge as stereotypical , but we are still surprised by the level of this lack of knowledge . 
  we in ireland have our own mastery of the language , so we have hiberno-english . 
  as our huge heritage in poets , authors , playwrights and other experts in the language prove , we are pretty good at it . 
  spelling would be like the british do it . 
  ireland is a major destination for those wanting to learn english , with people from all over the world now here to learn the language . 
  everyone is going to promote their own country , so in keeping with that , come to ireland . 
  lots to see here over christmas . 
  we are english-speaking , so you 've no issue with languages . 
  the weather may be cold and wet , but probably milder than parts of continental europe , with little chance of snow .
