  irish people have pride in their country , but also in their county . 
  sport plays a big part in that . 
  our two main national sports , gaelic football and hurling , have teams that represent their counties , as well as many other teams . 
  there are lots of clubs within each county , the best players of which are chosen to play for the county team . 
  a visitor might not be able to identify them , but you will often see people wearing the colours of their county , even on non-match days and even when they are in other countries . 
  anyone that knows about gaelic football and hurling will recognise a county jersey , and even many club jerseys . 
  so it can be a good way of recognising where someone is from . 
  the biggest inter-county games are in the summer and on those match days , you will see thousands of people wearing their colours in the towns the matches are being played . 
  that adds to the colour of the occasion . 
  rival fans freely mix with each other with no trouble , but plenty of banter . 
  rugby also has lots of teams , but the big teams represent each of the four provinces . 
  so it is common to see those around . 
  rugby fans from other countries will be familiar with those . 
  in 1916 there was a very famous revolution in irish history , often called the easter rising . 
  while it failed , it started a series of events that would eventually result in ireland 's independence in 1922 . 
  last year was the centenary of the revolution . 
  the headquarters were in the [ gpo ] ( http://www.schwarzaufweiss.de/irland/dublin-reisefuehrer/images/dublin-general-post-office.jpg ) in dublin . 
  last year they issued this commemorative [ $ 2 coin ] ( http://www.newstalk.com/content/000/images/000141/145491_60_news_hub_multi_630x0.jpg ) to mark it , featuring the statue of hibernia on top of the gpo . 
  the costs seem extortionate . 
  a friend of mine was in florida a few years ago with some family . 
  while there , his niece got sick with her appendix . 
  they were charged tens of thousands of dollars to get it out . 
  as someone said here , there is no sense of social responsibility . 
  there is another thread i came across where it was talking about paid paternity leave in india . 
  a few people had mistaken it for indiana , where they do n't get the same levels of privileges . 
  the amount of holidays people get per year in their jobs in the usa is crazy too . 
  these kinds of benefits may cost in some ways , but they reap rewards in other ways . 
  so the health system is just one thing the usa needs to look at to support their people . 
  too much of usa society is commercialised , whether that be things like sport , right up to essential needs people have . 
  yes it is a good sub . 
  you could possibly have made it a question by asking `` why do i love this sub ? '', 
  or `` why do you love this sub ? '', 
  and then answered the question by the explanation you actually gave . 
  as you said , we do n't get into big disputes , so that is not a criticism and it is fine the way you have the thread as not being a question . 
  i go into my home subs of r/dublin and r/ireland a lot , but this is one of the others i frequent too . 
  it is certainly mostly a very good sub and people are good to each other and we get some interesting discussions and see the differences and things we have in common . 
  there are n't many controversial questions , more focussing on asking about each other 's countries , people , cultures and experiences we 've had in different ones . 
  we probably do n't know enough about each other 's countries to ask about the controversial things that are happening there . 
  what happens in any one of our countries normally is n't big enough to make the news elsewhere in europe , so we do n't get asked about the major issues and topical events and current affairs of our countries . 
  there are plenty of places for the tougher stuff , but it is nice here , an escape from a lot of what goes on in each of our countries , so let 's keep it that way . 
  karaoke must be extremely dangerous there so . 
  in ireland , the pub culture dominates . 
  there is very little caf\u00e9 culture . 
   am i really the only one that sees how stupid this claim is ? 
  no you are not , but it is one the monarchists like to cling onto . 
  as i would say , the pharaohs are long dead , but people still come to see the pyramids . 
  all around the world people still come to see things that are long out of date . 
  in britain itself , many ancient things are tourist attractions , up to and including things associated with now dead members of the monarchy . 
   the main argument for abolishing any monarchy , is that it 's not democratic enough no , i would disagree there . 
  it is more correct to say that it is not democratic at all !, 
  there is much talk , as we see in this thread , as to who should succeed the queen . 
  i would say they should let the people decide . 
  let charles , william , harry and indeed anyone else who wants to , stand for election as head of state . 
  then they will have a democratic country . 
  despite the `` we do n't talk to terrorists '' line that was given publicly , there were contacts . 
  politicians and governments do it , though they ca n't say that they do . 
  john hume and others really begun the process in more substantial terms with contacts with republicans , though still secret , in the late 80s , and it ran on from there . 
  the regular police force in ireland are unarmed . 
  there are armed units for emergencies , but the ordinary garda ( as they are called in ireland ) on the street does not carry a gun . 
  two were shot dead in recent years , in 2013 and in 2015 . 
  prior to the january 2013 shooting , the last garda shot dead was back in june 1996 . 
  true . 
  i , and perhaps yourself , can remember long before the good friday agreement , back through the peace process that led to it , and right back through the troubles themselves . 
  for many redditors , that 's history , while for us they are things that happened in our lifetime . 
  yes they did tarnish it all . 
  terrorism may never be justified , but it always has reasons . 
  terrorism does n't `` just happen '' . 
  peaceful protest does n't `` just happen '' either . 
  there are reasons behind it . 
  in many cases the causes of the peaceful protests are the same as the ones behind the terrorism . 
  people react in different ways , some peacefully , some violently . 
  the way to deal with those responses , be they violent or peaceful , is to tackle the underlying causes . 
  that is what things like the good friday agreement did . 
  terrorists may never be justified in their actions , but the underlying causes are still legitimate things to be dealt with . 
  terrorism unfortunately often downgrades the real source problems , making them harder to deal with , as more efforts are put into dealing with the terrorism itself . 
  while grievances are genuine , because there is terrorism associated with them people dismiss them and refuse to deal with them . 
  however , if you want to stop terrorism , you have to deal with the causes , not the perpatrators , even if it seems unpopular or is seen to give legitimacy to the terrorism . 
  the terrorism is n't legitimate , but the causes are . 
  so had the issues at the heart of northern ireland 's civil rights been dealt with at the time of the civil rights marches in the 1960s , that whole generation of troubles could have been avoided . 
  of course the peaceful way is better and for people to exercise their views in democratic ways . 
  for now , as per the good friday agreement , a majority is needed to change the status . 
  i am not disagreeing with you in any of that . 
  you also have to recognise how we got to where we are though , why northern ireland even exists , why the troubles later happened and the peace process . 
  there is a lot of history through northern ireland 's existence , prior to the troubles , through the troubles and since the troubles . 
  where we are now exists because of the past . 
  so you ca n't just simply detach the present from the past . 
  the present was made by that past , and the future will depend on the past and the present . 
  a lot of the troubles could have been avoided . 
  the good friday agreement was described as sunningdale for slow learners . 
  the differences are n't huge , but unfortunately the time was not right . 
  the ulster worker 's strike brought it down . 
  unionists at that time were not prepared to share power with nationalists . 
  republicans did n't enter into the equation then . 
  they were not part of that agreement , but unionists did n't want to share power with those engaging in peaceful means , the nationalists . 
  going back further , a few simple gestures , which were in fact basic civil rights , could have avoided a lot of the troubles , but even with no violence around at the time , the unionists would not give them . 
  democracy and values existed then , similar to what you are talking about existing now , but people were denied their rights . 
  ordinary , democratic , non-violent people asking for rights , and they were denied them . 
  people who even through the troubles , never turned to violence , like john hume . 
  he and others like him were denied their rights . 
  that allowed for the terrorists to step in ... and the rest is history .
