  this referred to an ancient settlement near a water feature . 
  for those of you that have been in dublin , it is around where dublin castle now is . 
  not far away was a separate settlement called ath cliath , meaning the crossing at the hurdle ford . 
  this was a crossing over the river liffey that modern dublin is built on . 
  these two settlements grew and one of their legacies is the retention of both names . 
  dublin is the english name , but the name for it in the irish language is `` baile \u00c1tha cliath '' . 
  so both names of the two original settlements have survived . 
  first of all , britain has not left the eu , yet . 
  hopefully they will have the good sense not to . 
  right from the result , the masks of lies fell off the brexit campaign , and people have realised many of the implications of leaving . 
  there are problems with the eu and work should be made to change them , but they are not as bad the brexit campaigners made out . 
  stay in and make those changes . 
  the mood in the eu has changed and more support from other countries will be forthcoming to do so . 
  go to gaelic football and hurling , our two national sports in ireland , and there are plenty . 
  dublin v kerry is the big one in gaelic football . 
  they play this saturday in a league game . 
  it 's a sell-out albeit it in a very small stadium of just 12,000 people . 
  many more will watch on tv or listen on radio . 
  i am one of the lucky ones that is going to the match , but many more would if they could . 
  the league is the secondary competition , so when they meet in our cup competition , you get a huge crowd . 
  so you can easily fill a 12,000 capacity stadium in march , but in a meeting in the cup competition in august or september , you fill croke park , which holds 82,300 people . 
  kilkenny v tipperary is a big one in hurling . 
  they played a league game last saturday in front of 14,763 people . 
  again that is small compared to what they would get in a cup game in the summer . 
  both gaelic football and hurling have many other rivalries that draw huge crowds when the summer comes . 
  they are unique sports , so for people who have never seen them , they are very interesting even if you do n't know the significance of particular rivalries . 
  of course , absolutely . 
  it is one island . 
  geography does n't really do politics when it comes to this kind of thing . 
  north , south , east , west , and the midlands : ireland is beautiful . 
  ireland is of course very green , thanks to our much maligned rain . 
  no deserts in ireland , and it is a lot less brown than say the southern parts of europe . 
  there are far too many examples to show , so i 'll leave it to you to go and look if you want , though you are probably familiar with them . 
  green fields , mountains , valleys , lakes , rivers , cliffs , coastlines , beaches and more , it 's all here . 
  most of the country is rural . 
  even from dublin , the largest city , you can get out to rural areas fairly quickly , outside of heavy traffic of course . 
  from o'connell street , dublin 's main street , right in the centre of the city , you can see the mountains . 
  they are n't even very high . 
  in an hour you can be well outside the city and into countryside . 
  city and country folk are different , but then many city folk come from the country , or are only a generation or two from it . 
  so there are strong ties . 
  after a week working in dublin or other cities , many head `` home '' for the weekend . 
  with st. patrick 's day being on a friday , this weekend is a long weekend , so thursday evening will see many people leaving dublin until sunday evening or monday morning . 
  ireland is less than half the size of minnesota , so you can cross the country in just a few hours . 
  so everywhere is within reach if you want to see other parts , no matter where you are . 
  it is a beautiful island , the emerald isle of course . 
  check [ some photos ] ( https://lovindublin.com/best-of/33-pictures-prove-ireland-most-beautiful-country-world ) and then come and see for yourself if you have never been here . 
  yes . 
  across all divides : north/south , east/west , male/female , young/old , locals/guests and of course natives/foreigners . 
   the foreigners might be a little bit out of the loop on this and so not quite get the way it works at first , so that is forgiveable . 
  it is just normal here to us though . 
  when we go for a few drinks , someone buys the first round and others follow in turn . 
  there is no predefined order . 
  generally , the first person to finish their drink might by the second round , though that is not a rule . 
  obviously if the person who bought the first round , was first to finish it would still be up to someone else to buy the second round . 
  generally as soon as someone finishes a drink , whoever is buying the next round will buy then , so as nobody is ever left with an empty glass in front of them for very long . 
  people might skip a round if they are drinking a lot slower and might ask the person who is buying to leave them out as they have enough for now . 
  good friends do n't keep score on how many rounds , like thinking `` well , the last time we were out , you bought the last round , so it 's john 's turn to buy the first round , then peter , then me , then tom and then you . '', 
  people just go in , and someone starts and someone else goes next . 
  occasionally you might get a bit of `` no , let me get this one and you can get the next one '' kind of stuff , but that 's all . 
  never any arguments . 
  it is all very normal and natural to us , though it might seem strange to you . 
  now you know though , and you 'll be prepared on your next visit to ireland and its pubs . 
  maybe try getting in a bit of practice at home first with your own friends . 
  it is common courtesy . 
  it is a round system . 
  if a few people are out , then one person buys the first round , which is a drink for everyone in the group . 
  obviously one person could n't keep buying the drinks all night , so the next round will be bought by another member of the group , the next by another and so on . 
  if it was a large amount of people , they would split into smaller groups for the rounds . 
  so if there were 10 of us , you and i and a few others would buy drinks for each other and some others in the group would be doing the same . 
  rounds are fairer and have practical advantages . 
  it is better for 2 or 3 people out of the 10 to head to the bar than all 10 together . 
  when a group arrive at a pub , while one person is buying the first round , others can be finding places to sit or doing something else , like going to the toilet . 
  some people do buy their own drink and none for anyone else and nobody buys for them , which is fine too . 
  they might say they are just getting their own drink . 
  occasionally though , you will get a mean person who lets everyone buy for them but never buys for anyone else . 
  that would be frowned upon . 
  what have you heard ? 
  it is one nice thing about the euro , having so many countries and their coins . 
  it is interesting trying to identify the standard ones , and then on top of that there are all of those commemorative ones . 
  you often find yourself putting a nice coin aside to hold on to it . 
  it is one subtle way of forcing people to save money . 
  thanks . 
  it is a nice coin . 
  last year was a very big year here , with many events and special ways to commemorate the events of 1916 . 
  it is amazing to see how many commemorative coins there are in the link in the opening post . 
  there are a few i like , but that one is one of the nicest . 
  we have lots of nice graffiti in ireland . 
  irish people are known for their wit , so you often get something added by another individual . 
  in 1978 , a man called nicky kelly was wrongfully convicted of a train robbery . 
  he spent about 6 years in prison , before being released and he eventually got an official pardon . 
  while he was in prison , there was a campaign to have him released , and sometimes you would see `` free nicky kelly '' painted on walls . 
  under one of these some funny individual had added `` with every pack of cornflakes '' . 
  in ireland we have 4 provinces and they all have counties , a total of 32 . 
  leinster ( 12 ) , ulster ( 9 , 6 of which make up northern ireland ) , munster ( 6 ) and connacht ( 5 ) . 
  if one irish person asks another where they are from , they will usually answer by mentioning their county . 
  people with irish ancestry will usually mention the county their ancestors came from when talking about them . 
  some counties have the same name as cities that are in them , like galway , dublin , cork and limerick . 
  others , most notably the city of belfast , do not have a county named after them . 
  most of belfast is in county antrim , and part in county down .
