  europe is not a country . 
  it is about 50 very diverse countries . 
  there is less diversity in the 50 states in the usa than in europe , but i am sure you know that the people in different states are different . 
  they are still one country though . 
  the differences are bigger in europe . 
  the eu consists of just 28 of those countries and they are all very different . 
  to pick two at random , a spaniard and a dane are very different . 
  the live in different countries , with different cultures , different leaders , different sports , different music , different problems , different customs and so on . 
  spain and denmark are very different countries . 
  pick any two countries in europe and much the same can be said . 
  bordering countries will probably have more in common than those at greater distances , but they will still have their differences . 
  we do n't really think of ourselves as european first , but as the country we are from . 
  so your question has to be refined in terms of what country or countries you are going to . 
  tell us that and we will be better able to answer your question . 
  your question is like asking how do americans feel , as in the people all of the americas . 
  so an argentinian is not going to feel the same as a canadian . 
  argentina is not going to be like canada . 
  you 've mentioned hungary , so if that is where you are going to go , ask how it is to be hungarian or what it is like to be in hungary . 
  me , as an irishman , ca n't help you there . 
  if you intend on visiting different countries , then list them and some people from those countries will help you . 
  enjoy your time in europe , wherever it is that you go . 
  simple mistake . 
  portugal , like all countries , is interesting . 
  i was only there once and did n't see a lot , but what i did see was interesting . 
  maybe i 'll return some day . 
  i 've never been to belarus and like yourself i do n't know much about it , but i am sure there is a lot to interest us in it . 
  yes . 
  a lot of people were deported to australia by the british , which is how a lot of irish people ended up there . 
  it was seen as a punishment . 
  people went by choice to the usa and canada . 
  the british also had a history of exploration and conquest , so lots of whites ended up there . 
  look around the world , and britain had a large amount of places that the went to . 
  throw in the other european powers and they had a very disproportionate influence around the world . 
  so naturally anglo and white europeans are found everywhere . 
  britain has strong ties to australia , so the anglos had a bigger impact there , much like the spanish and portugeuse had south of the usa and right down through south america . 
  there is a general theme of people choosing countries that they do n't know much about as being uninteresting . 
  they should try to find out a bit about them before deciding how interesting or not they are , or even visit them . 
  you ca n't really say that something you know nothing about is not interesting , and it is not good enough to say you do n't want to find out , because you are not interested . 
  there 's a bit of arrogance in that attitude . 
  you never know , if you started to look , you might find them very interesting . 
  then of course there is the fact that every country has something of interest . 
  at least some of the contributors have actually visited the countries they have found uninteresting , so they are better placed to judge . 
  it is certainly different than britain . 
  you do n't have to drink to enjoy yourself , even to enjoy ireland 's pubs . 
  they are a lot better than those in most of britain , and that is down to the people . 
  lots of irish people do n't drink either . 
  true , pubs always feature in talk about ireland , but there is a lot more to it than that . 
  wherever you are in britain , it 'll probably take you longer to get to and through the airport than the flight time , so we are very close by . 
  like britain , you are not going to get guaranteed sunshine for your holiday , like the mediterranean or caribbean , but you would have a good time . 
  when you are packing your suitcase , leave your attitude behind and come with an open mind . 
  ireland is certainly not the uk with the euro . 
  they are very different . 
  as for not having much history compared to continental europe , it is only one island , so you ca n't really compare . 
  it does have lots of history though , some of it very old . 
  take newgrange , a place that is thousands of years older than the pyramids in egypt . 
  there is a lot to ireland . 
  pay a visit before making any decisions on it . 
  belarus is not in the eu . 
  so that does prove that you do n't know much about it , and that is not meant as a criticism . 
  lots of people get confused over which countries are eu or not . 
  wherever you live , you get used to it . 
  in ireland it is a 7 hour/17 hour split at the two solstices . 
  so on the other side of things , on a clear night in june it can still be quite bright at 11pm , and the northern horizon never gets totally dark . 
  that 's at 53 \u00b0 n in dublin , so our scandinavian friends have it mor extreme . 
  still , for anyone much further south of us coming here in the summer , it is still a bit strange . 
  december is brightened up a bit by christmas happening and all the activity around that which lifts some people 's spirits . 
  while you are getting up in the dark and arriving home in the dark , there is something cosy about those dark nights . 
  if you are interested in the night sky , the long nights are good , further enhanced by what is on view . 
  orion , the finest constellation of all , goes right through the winter months , and is but one of the wonders of each winter in the night sky . 
  other prominent constellations are there too , and sometimes the planets are nicely positioned for good winter viewing . 
  at present in the evenings , venus is unmistakeably bright , with the reddish mars not far away from it , making for a nice view . 
  equally jupiter is on view for much of the night , still quite bright as the sun prepares to rise . 
  things have turned now and in ireland there is an often used phrase being started to be heard again : `` there 's a grand stretch in the evenings '' . 
  so the worst of the darkness is over . 
  there is much to look forward to in the longer days ahead . 
  the countries of europe should work together , but maintain their individuality . 
  each country is unique , which is what makes europe special . 
  so cooperation , but not integration is what the european union should be about . 
  we should work with countries outside of it , but let them maintain their identity , like we do with other countries around the world . 
  empires in europe have tried but failed . 
  the best success is when we work together while being independent countries . 
  yes , and they voted to leave because they did n't want to be told what to do by the eu and have their own way of doing things , something a lot of countries feel . 
  they want to feel that independence and be in control , like they have been in their history . 
  it is in that sense that they want to be like they were in their imperial days . 
  no , they do n't want to get the empire again , which would never happen anyway , but they do want to lead rather than be led , which is the way some felt they are in eu . 
  there are a lot of reasons that they have voted to leave that people in other countries , including ireland , would agree with , but they have still done the wrong thing and for the wrong reasons . 
  they should , and still may , stay in and work to improve things . 
  the moment you say `` i am half irish '' is almost a giveaway that you are american . 
   people coming from other countries who have irish ancestry usually are not so strong in describing themselves like that , while still fully acknowledging their ancestry . 
  an englishman with an irish parent would say he was english and had an irish parent , rather than saying he was half irish . 
  it would n't think any less of you for saying that though . 
  it is not odd or disingenuous . 
  it is just what way americans usually describe themselves . 
  a lot of what made people vote the way they did was stoked up by some , like immigration , and lots of lies were told , like the infamous nhs ads . 
  a lot of the stay campaigners did n't think they 'd lose and did not work hard enough . 
  a lot of the leave campaigners were surprised that they won . 
  immigration into britain has been high , but it is up to them to do some work to make them cope . 
  immigrants have their part in society too , and are n't just a drain on it . 
  if every immigrant packed up and left in the morning , their loss would be felt in many ways . 
  sure , have a bit more control , but leaving the eu was going too far .
