  if you have a bunch of odds and ends and get rid of all but one of them , what do you call it ? 
  if teachers taught , why did n't preachers praught ? 
  if a vegetarian eats vegetables , what does a humanitarian eat ? 
  sometimes i think all the english speakers should be committed to an asylum for the verbally insane . 
  in what language do people recite at a play and play at a recital ? 
  ship by truck and send cargo by ship ? 
  have noses that run and feet that smell ? 
  how can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same , while a wise man and a wise guy are opposites ? 
  you have to marvel at the unique lunacy of a language in which your house can burn up as it burns down , in which you fill in a form by filling it out and in which , an alarm goes off by going on . 
  english was invented by people , not computers , and it reflects the creativity of the human race , which , of course , is not a race at all . 
  that is why , when the stars are out , they are visible , but when the lights are out , they are invisible . 
  - why does n't ` buick ' rhyme with ` quick ' ? 
  you lovers of the english language might enjoy this . . 
  there is a two-letter word that perhaps has more meanings than any other two-letter word , and that is ` up . ', 
  it 's easy to understand up , meaning toward the sky or at the top of the list , but when we awaken in the morning , why do we wake up ? 
  at a meeting , why does a topic come up ? 
  why do we speak up and why are the officers up for election and why is it up to the secretary to write up a report ? 
  we call up our friends . 
  and we use it to brighten up a room , polish up the silver ; we warm up the leftovers and clean up the kitchen . 
  we lock up the house and some guys fix up the old car . . at other times the little word has real special meaning . 
  people stir up trouble , line up for tickets , work up an appetite , and think up excuses . 
  to be dressed is one thing , but to be dressed up is special . 
  a drain must be opened up because it is stopped up . 
  we open up a store in the morning but we close it up at night . 
  we seem to be pretty mixed up about up !, 
  to be knowledgeable about the proper uses of up , look the word up in the dictionary . 
  in a desk-sized dictionary , it takes up almost 1/4th of the page and can add up to about thirty definitions . 
  if you are up to it , you might try building up a list of the many ways up is used . 
  it will take up a lot of your time , but if you do n't give up , you may wind up with a hundred or more . 
  when it threatens to rain , we say it is clouding up . 
  when the sun comes out we say it is clearing up . 
  when it rains , it wets the earth and often messes things up . 
  when it does n't rain for awhile , things dry up . 
  one could go on and on , but i 'll wrap it up , for now my time is up , so ... ... it is time to shut up !, 
  now it 's up to you what you do with this information . 
  i 'd say she kept enda in check . 
  she had her fianna f\u00e1il links too of course . 
  she literally ended up sleeping with the enemy . 
   the spouses of presidents do n't have power in ireland , that 's true , but some have used their profile well . 
  martin mcaleese is the best example , but sabina higgins has done work with members of the arts , with her own background and michael 's interest in that whole area . 
  it is good that they can give recognition to projects like that . 
  it is good that since mary robinson , the office of president has done more than in the past , when it was almost seen as a retirement home for former politicians . 
  the fun of languages . 
  i put your phrase into google translate . 
  it did not identify the language , so i tried a few . 
  when i tried polish it gave me : `` i 've got some jams here and there . 
  czirs ! '', 
  when i tried bulgarian it gave me : `` it is also important to know that this is a good thing to do . 
  czirs ! '', 
  as for me understanding it , well the alphabet is of course different . 
  also , irish and british people are not very good at learning other languages , compared to those in continental europe . 
  it is said , that when you come to our countries , we expect you to speak english to us and when we go to your countries , we expect you to speak english to us . 
  it is really only irish and british people that go to live in other countries that learn the language , whereas you have students , even children , coming to britain and ireland who are well able to hold a conversation in english . 
  next week , for the first time , i will be going to bulgaria . 
  i know as much bulgarian as you know irish , though you probably know a little more with me having translated and given you the pronunciation of the sentence . 
  when i get to bulgaria , i expect i will be ok , as a lot of people there will speak english . 
  it is good being fluent in a well known language , but it also means we do n't really have to learn many other languages . 
  i , like most irish people , would not even be fluent in the irish language . 
  yes , it is irish . 
  it means `` i do n't know what you said '' , my response to your contribution . 
  it is pronounced like `` neel iss agam cod a durt to '' . 
  i understand the pronunciation reasons for things like v and w for germans , and the many other such ones that some countries have problems with , and grammatical rules being different in different languages . 
  still though , someone teaching english to germans should also be aware of those issues and put particular emphasis on correcting them . 
  naturally it is confusing , but if it is drilled into people , they should be able to get used to it . 
  if a teacher keeps having to say `` it 's people , not persons ! '', 
  every day , i am sure the class will eventually get it right . 
   it is what they are there to learn after all , and they should not come out speaking gerlish or engman . 
  yes , a lot of it comes from the grammar in other languages being different . 
  even so , these things should be anticipated . 
  any good teacher of any subject knows the common mistakes people make and should put particular emphasis on the correct way of doing it . 
  i have taught other subjects and would often deliberately show people the wrong way of doing something , to prove a point , or put particular emphasis on something i know people often make a mistake on . 
  the order of the noun and the adjective is a common one that differs . 
  in the irish language the noun is first , so we are used to that difference here . 
  there is a sort of logic to it . 
  in english you could have something like `` the red house '' , but which could be said as `` the house that is red '' , though we would n't say it that way . 
  still , it is roughly the way other languages with the adjective and noun in reverse are saying . 
  yes , `` people '' rather than `` persons '' would be used . 
  `` person '' is used in singular form and `` people '' for plural . 
  you would not hear a native speaker use `` persons '' . 
  i have heard it from non-native speakers quite often , which sometimes makes me wonder has it actually been taught that way . 
  it is not a one-off mistake that one person makes , but seems more common than that , which would make me wonder about how it is taught . 
  it is the same with other common mistakes . 
  they happen too frequently for it to be just a person making a mistake . 
  you frequently get individuals making some mistake , but it is purely them , and you do n't hear any other person making the same mistake . 
  other mistakes seem widespread , as if they are being taught that way . 
  as a native speaker would not teach it that way , it must be from teachers whose first language is not english . 
  as i said , we 'd understand what you mean , but it is wrong . 
  you 'd use it to describe what you are , not for quantity . 
  the following would be correct : `` we are three doctors '' , `` we are three students '' , `` we are three spaniards '' etc. 
  in any case , it is obvious that they are people , so it is quantity that is the point they are trying to get across . 
  so , as i said in my other reply , `` there are three of us '' would be the best way of saying it . 
  the emphasis is on the quantity , not what they are . 
   \u0141el , in dat kejs aj inwajt ju tu d\u017cojn a\u0142r komjuniti end si \u0142ot koms a\u0142t ow it . 
  czirs !, 
  yes , but you would go with what is correct based on a native speaker . 
  a german would not be the person to tell you the correct way to speak italian for example . 
  if you wanted to learn spanish , you would n't travel to finland to do so . 
  your first point of reference is going to be to a native speaker or nation . 
  native speakers will have variations of dialects from country to country , and even within countries , but generally you are going to get the correct grammar in most native speaking countries . 
  the language has fundamental rules of grammar that would apply to whatever dialect is being used if someone is formally learning it .
