  i am from dublin , and support the dublin hurling and football teams . 
  i am a member of the gaelic athletic association , which is the national organisation overseeing hurling , gaelic football and some other related sports . 
  i am also a member of two supporter schemes associated with dublin hurling and dublin football . 
  players can play in big matches , in front of thousands of people , also being watched on tv and listened to on the radio , and then the next day they are back at work , whatever their job may be , or at their studies in schools or college . 
  that is because the two sports are amateur . 
  the players do not get paid . 
  they are playing for the love of the sport . 
  there is no transfer market , so players usually play for the same teams throughout their playing career which can start as children up to people in their 30s and even 40s . 
  they are usually playing for their local team and if chosen , their county . 
  as well as club and county , some could also be playing for a team at their place of study or work . 
  players can also play at different age grades , some of which overlap . 
  a player could therefore be playing for several different teams . 
  because they are playing for a local club or their county they have that sense of belonging . 
  in a sport like soccer , a player can play for a club but have no real bond with it and could be playing for a different one the next year . 
  but if he was chosen to play for the national team , he would have a certain pride and belonging and so a different passion for that team . 
  that sense of pride and passion is present for players of gaelic football and hurling , because they are playing for their local team and indeed for the friends and family and supporters . 
  no wage packet could ever give that kind of passion to a player . 
  that is what makes hurling and gaelic football very different . 
  if you are ever in ireland , especially during the summer months , be sure to go to see a game , be it a big game between counties or even a local game between neighbouring clubs . 
  finally , for the second year in a row , dublin won the all-ireland football final in september , so i am a happy man !, 
  the funny thing about this is , believe it or not , but the way you are supposed to dispose of an american flag is to burn it . 
  check out [ flag disposal ] ( http://www.vfw.org/community/flag-etiquette ) on this link . 
  it is but one of many sources on this . 
  an interesting til for you . 
  so if trump has his way , a lot of people doing their civic duty as good american citizens would be jailed or lose their citizenship . 
  good and bad . 
  he is accused of being a dictator by america , but basically deposed a dictator supported by america . 
  he is accused of a lot of human rights abuses and having political prisoners , yet on cuba itself lies guantanamo bay , where many prisoners that have never been charged with anything are detained and tortured . 
  he is accused of making the people poor , while it is the embargo by the us that is responsible for a lot of the problems . 
  they have education and health systems , that are the envy of many countries , while many people live in poverty . 
  he stood up to america , on their doorstep . 
  the political establishment in the usa always like to have hate figures to suit some of their political agendas : the russians , osama , saddam , gaddafi and of course castro . 
  so there is good and bad overall and a lot of double standards . 
  great , you 're coming . 
  right , we 'll give you a good meal of coddle , wash it down with a few pints of guinness , head off to a gaelic football or hurling match , back to the pub for a few more pints , stay for a lock-in , have a good irish sing-song ( you better have something to sing ) , and finally get to bed in the early hours of the morning and then get up the next day and do it all again !, 
  you ca n't do all that in amsterdam !, 
  governments do go over the top on things at times . 
  your religious festival example is a good one . 
  the vast majority of people are not offended by festivals of other religions . 
  while they wo n't celebrate it , i am certain most jews and muslims and others will enjoy walking the streets of our cities in the next few weeks and seeing all the lights and decorations and displays in shop windows for christmas . 
  ironically , the fear of offending usually comes from within a religion itself , not from members of other religions . 
  i 've never heard jews or muslims complain about christmas , just christians afraid of causing offence . 
  so they suppress their own religion as a way of respecting other religions . 
  no religion expects members of other religions to celebrate their festivals , but we can all enjoy seeing others celebrate and be happy for them and wish them well . 
  `` western culture '' is a very broad term . 
  `` western culture '' as practiced here in ireland , is different than `` western culture '' practiced in the netherlands . 
  if you 've ever been to ireland , you 'll know that . 
  you 've obviously travelled , so you 'll have experienced many variations of western culture . 
  neighbouring countries will be similar , but the further you travel , the more diversity you will see . 
  reddit is mostly populated by `` westerners '' , but we have many ask -- subs , indicating the wide variety of culture and a wide range of different opinions . 
  western culture itself is far from being homogenous , while at the same time having lots in common with many non-western cultures . 
  no culture , no country , no region , no city , no neighbourhood has the same homogenous culture . 
  it is all mulitcutural right down to the smallest elements . 
  that 's good . 
  if you have n't already done so , and even if you have , come to ireland and see some of * our * western culture . 
  you 'll find nothing like it in the netherlands , yet at the same time being very similar . 
  that 's one of the beauties of our world . 
  multiculturalism is n't about all of us adopting every culture . 
  it is about mixing them . 
  you are dutch , but you 've probably had german beer , italian food , enjoyed music from other countries etc. , all in your local area . 
  that is one element of multiculturalism . 
  people have adopted things from other cultures that have been brought to their countries and have become part of the norm . 
  as you said yourself , things from different cultures come together and mix in and become part of the culture and as you see it homogenous . 
  the truth there is that there is no homogenous culture , as cultures are a mix of many cultures . 
  there are people all around you from different countries . 
  even amongst the dutch themselves , there are many differences , so no country in itself is homogenous , never mind including people who come from other countries . 
  people say societies ca n't work with multiculturalism . 
  it is probably just as legitimate to say that societies ca n't work without multicuturalism . 
  of course there are issues , but for the majority of people it works well and we all get one with our own lives . 
  segregation is just a natural thing , as when you go somewhere new you are more likely to find people from where you are and spend most of your time with them . 
  maybe there are still some undiscovered tribes that have never had any contact with the outside world . 
  only they would have true homogenous cultures . 
  the rest of us are multicultural . 
  it works . 
  the site is an old one , back to the old eircom.net days , but i add new photos every now and then , so it covers a lot of dublin at this stage . 
  i must put up a few more . 
  dublin does have some very nice buildings and other places of interest . 
  you are never a tourist in your own city , as they say , so locals do n't always look at or appreciate what is around them . 
  my site does give a look at quite a few of what we have . 
  thanks for the compliment . 
  i am in dublin , so like a lot of the other urban dwellers here , locally it is not common but there is some in the rural areas . 
  dublin also has one of the largest public parks in europe , phoenix park , and it has a lot of deer living in it . 
  they are culled to keep the population under control . 
  deer are killed in other parts of the country for similar reasons . 
  foxes are hunted for sport because they are vermin , but as far as i am concerned , when it comes to hunting , the vermin are the ones sitting on the horses . 
  i have taken many of dublin , so it is hard to say which is the best . 
  i 'd have a few favourites , but judge for yourself in my [ dublin ] ( http://homepage.eircom.net/~flukey/dublincity.htm ) . 
  it 's a new thing in ireland , definitely just an american idea . 
  what with globalisation and the wider spread of information these days , these ideas spread . 
  black friday , cyber monday etc. 
  all just businesses trying to make money . 
  we 'll all do our christmas shopping , with or without these days or whether they start their christmas advertising in august or december , so they are more of an annoyance for many people . 
  traditionally in ireland , the 8th of december was seen as the start of the christmas buying time . 
  it is a religious holiday and lots of people came to the cities from the country areas to start their shopping . 
  the 1st of december is soon enough for businesses to start advertising for christmas . 
  whenever they start and whatever initiatives they take , most people will only buy things in the last few days before christmas day . 
  christmas eve is still the busiest day for the retail trade . 
  businesses could save themselves money on advertising by starting it later . 
  most people , on first seeing or hearing christmas adverts , react with `` oh no , not already ! '', 
  rather than `` oh , i must start my christmas shopping today . '',
