  pubs in ireland and britain are very similar , as is the drinking culture , but they are not exactly the same . 
  i 've often been in pubs in britain and there is a difference . 
  not much in some ways , but still a difference . 
  there is a radical difference between pubs in ireland and britain compared to a wine bar in france or italy , and we are also both quite different to the bars in northern european countries like belgium or germany , but irish and british pubs are certainly different to each other , albeit to a lesser extent . 
  as to what americans think , well our pubs are quite different to their bars so they are going to notice a difference . 
  in the same way , the southern europeans will notice a bigger difference than the northern europeans do . 
  bad or not , it is one of the stereotypes associated with ireland . 
  it is one thing that many people think about when they think about us . 
  we are famous for our pubs and our guinness , but there is the drunken irishman stereotype that we have to put up with sometimes . 
  however true the stereotype might be or not , we certainly have worse problems with alcohol than many countries do . 
  i never get beer at a sports event . 
  i save doing that for after . 
  so something like a few sandwiches and snacks to line the stomach is what i do at the game . 
  i 'd bring them with me , so it is cheaper , you know exactly what you are getting and there is no need to get into long queues at the breaks . 
  then , after the event , i am ready to go and meet friends for a few drinks in a nearby pub and discuss what we 've just seen . 
  yes , the cultures for alcohol are similar , as it is with some of the other countries in the northern parts of europe . 
  still though , the atmosphere in a good irish pub is special . 
  even an irish pub in another country is n't quite the same , so you have to see the real thing on irish soil . 
  i did not watch last night , though i did see a short documentary about ireland 's participation in the eurovision , since we first entered in 1965 . 
  ireland are in tonight 's semi-final , but i will be out tonight , so i will not see it . 
  if i am in on saturday night , i will watch , but there wo n't be as much interest here if ireland do n't qualify . 
  it is always a very entertaining night on twitter though . 
  the eurovision is n't what it used to be . 
  it used to really be a `` song '' contest , but now the amount of activity onstage as a singer performs has got a bit crazy . 
  there was always some there , but it is too much now , and not as much emphasis on the song , though there are still some good songs in it . 
  ireland still tops the leaderboard with 7 wins , but our last was in 1996 . 
  our other major contribution was of course the famous 1994 interval act : riverdance . 
  those 7 minutes proved so popular that it spawned a full show that still tours the world to this day . 
  johnny logan won the competition twice as a singer ( 1980,1987 ) and once as the writer ( 1992 ) and also wrote a second place finisher ( 1984 ) too . 
  so we 've the most wins , the best interval act and the most successful individual . 
  not bad for a small country . 
  ireland is famous for its associations with alcohol . 
  our pubs are one of our big attractions for tourists , and they are different than in other countries . 
  if you 've been in ireland , you 'll know that . 
  if you have n't then , it is time to book your holiday here . 
  northern europe tends to have more pubs and be more orientated towards beers , whereas southern europe is more wine and caf\u00e9 bars and there is a different attitude towards drinking alcohol . 
  it is a normal thing to have wine with a meal , moreso than in northern parts of europe , for example . 
  there is n't the pub culture that we have . 
  we notice that in ireland when visitors come . 
  southern europeans are more used to eating out , whereas we eat at home and go out to drink . 
  you 'll also notice the difference in quantities . 
  an irish person will have several drinks over the course of the night , whereas some southern europeans will buy one drink and spend the whole night drinking it . 
  there is of course our rounds system , where if there is a group of people together , one person buys a drink for everyone in that group , then another buys one for that group and so on , rather than each individual buying their own drink . 
  over the course of a night it works out about the same cost . 
  so if there were 5 people in the round , you might buy a set of 5 drinks once , while if you were outside the round , you might buy one drink for yourself 5 times . 
  it 's more social to be in the round , but sometimes foreigners do n't understand what is happening , and having had a drink bought for them , do n't then realise that it is usual that they would buy a drink for the other person later in the night . 
  they sometimes just think it was an act of kindness and does not have to be reciprocated . 
  we make allowances for them not understanding , but when it is one of our own that knows the system , but is slow to buy drinks for others when people buy for them , that is a different matter . 
  after a while we learn , and just stop buying for people like that . 
  we also have the phrase `` going dutch '' , which means people just pay for their own , though that is more commonly used when going out for a meal than for drinks . 
  no change to the way they are now ; so just stay in . 
  whether they want to join the euro and/or schengen or not , is up to them . 
  that is the way it should be , them having the right to make their own decisions . 
  the feeling of that being restricted is one of the reasons they want to leave . 
  the eu needs to realise that and give all countries a bit more flexibility . 
  we are all different in so many ways , that not all rules can apply to all countries in the exact same way . 
  we all have our own individual circumstances to deal with , that can make a rule more difficult to apply in some countries than others . 
  there are flexibilities with opt-outs , or modified variations of rules or exceptions for some countries , but there needs to be more of that . 
   so exactly the same as it is today good , no reason to change anything so . 
  a lot of what we want to do can be done without being one country and adding extra complications like more bureaucracy . 
  the usa is different , but one size does not fit all in europe . 
  comparing the usa joining with canada , mexico , central america and even throw in south america , would be a better comparison with a single europe than comparing just the usa and europe . 
  if just using the usa , then you are better to compare that with any single country in europe that has a good system of regional and national government . 
  people for a united europe often use the usa as their model , but they are not the same . 
  there is far more diversity in the countries of europe than in the states in the usa , in a whole myriad of ways . 
  so it is not really as valid a comparison as some people like it to be . 
  the countries in europe are very diverse . 
  that is one of europe 's strengths . 
  it is a relatively small part of the world , yet it has had a massive impact around the globe throughout the centuries . 
  just look at the amount of countries worldwide that speak european languages . 
  culturally we are all very different . 
  there is also a strong sense of independence within each country . 
  we all have a strong sense of our own national identity . 
  there is also a long history between the countries , good and bad . 
  our economies are all very different , both in terms of their strength and the things that make up each country 's economic model . 
  we have differences in many other political ways , like our left or right leanings , our military strength and approaches towards foreign policy and many other ways . 
  the result of the brexit referendum had many reasons , but amongst those were them wanting their total independence , protecting their culture , wanting freedom to make their own decisions , a sense of national identity etc. 
  some other countries also share some of those ideas . 
  some of the countries that have not joined the european union , most notably norway and switzerland , value their independence highly too , and have not joined for those reasons . 
  we can and do work together and cooperate in many areas . 
  we have many close relationships . 
  all of those things can continue while retaining our independence . 
  we are strong together , but that strength is also in our diversity . 
  so we can be stronger as a group of independent countries together , all bringing our individual strenghts to the table , than as one big superstate . 
  so we should cooperate , but never fully integrate . 
  ireland has 32 counties , including those in northern ireland . 
  i have been in all 32 . 
  many of them lots of times . 
  just passed through some of them , but stayed in a lot of them . 
  so you 've never actually been to southern ireland , my friend . 
  no , it will not make a comeback to the point of being a sizeable language . 
  being english-speaking is a great advantage for irish people and not one we want to lose . 
  still , the irish language wo n't die completely . 
  i know irish is not going to become the main language again , but it is still our language . 
  i am not fluent myself , but it is still an important language , in many ways . 
  it surrounds us directly and indirectly . 
  it is not going to become the first language again , but neither is it going to totally die . 
  irish is one of the official languages of ireland , the other being english . 
  it is also a language of ireland , whereas english was brought into ireland . 
  so in ireland it is our own language , even if the majority of do n't speak as their first language .
