  european countries should work together in a whole range of areas , not just military , but retain their own independence and differences . 
  it may look similar in some ways , but it is different in a lot ways . 
  come over here and see for yourself . 
  go into any good irish pub . 
  they are different to english pubs , and they open later . 
  as well as a standard pub , be sure to get into one with traditional music . 
  talk to people . 
  they 'll easily talk to you . 
  go to a gaelic football or hurling match . 
  they will show you a big difference , both in terms of the sports themselves , but also in the atmosphere and how the supporters mix with no trouble . 
  get outside dublin to the smaller cities and towns . 
  see some of the stunning countryside we have and historical sites . 
  some things in ireland are similar to in britain , but it is not hard to find differences if you try and you 'll get a few surprises too . 
  we are very close by and you can still go and visit the places with more extensive differences another time , but if you plan a good trip to ireland , it can be a lot different . 
  we 'll give you a c\u00e9ad m\u00edle f\u00e1ilte . 
  ( see , we even have a different language ! ), 
  the eu seems to be spreading the net a bit wider . 
  you 'll have to join the queue . 
  did n't you know , that the esa mission to mars is actually to negotiate with them ? 
  it is all shrouded in secrecy , which is why they put out the story about it being lost . 
  maybe , but it was intended to just help to clarify things for some people . 
  we are not always aware of the divisions within countries , and there is that extra element on the island of ireland . 
  we all have different kinds of units , bigger countries sometimes having more layers than smaller ones . 
  i could have said all four provinces , but i went with counties , as they are closer to administrative units , although of course some counties have more than one council . 
  it can get complicated , you see !, 
  i have been in all 32 counties of ireland . 
  for some of you that may not know our geography , that is the 26 in the republic of ireland and the 6 in northern ireland . 
  we 'll tip if we think we 've got a good service . 
  coming over every few minutes to ask is everything ok is not service . 
  it 's annoying . 
  once or twice may be ok , but not persistenly . 
  in reality they are not asking if things are ok , but subtley asking to be tipped . 
  if we want something , we 'll ask . 
  at the end , we 'll tell you if everything is ok . 
  the employer should be paying a decent wage and be sure that their employees are providing a good service . 
  it does n't happen in other services . 
  it 's an extreme example , but you do n't stick your head into the cockpit and throw the pilots a few coins as you get off a plane when they 've made a smooth landing . 
  that is their job and serving customers in a restaurant or bar is a job that should be paid properly for . 
  in ireland practically everyone speaks english . 
  ireland has two official languages . 
  irish ( often referred to as gaelic by people outside of ireland ) and english . 
  in some parts of ireland , mainly along the west coast , irish is spoken as the main language . 
  these areas are now known as a gaeltacht . 
  much like some europeans would travel to ireland or britain to learn english , school children and adults go to gaeltacht areas to learn irish . 
  irish also influences english in ireland . 
  visitors will notice that signs all over the republic of ireland are in two languages , like you will see in belgium . 
  sometimes the english version is an anglicised version or mispronunciation of the irish form . 
  sometimes it is a direct translation . 
  sometimes it is a completely different name . 
  dublin is a good example . 
  it originally comes from dubh linn , meaning black pool . 
  it refers to a very early settlement near a dark pool of water in what is modern dublin . 
  dubh linn obviously became anglicised as dublin . 
  however the name in irish used for dublin is baile \u00c1tha cliath . 
  it roughly translates as the town at the crossing of the hurdle ford . 
  it was another nearby settlement . 
  it and dubh linn grew and became one and we now have modern dublin . 
  so dublin has retained both names . 
  other places do that too . 
  others have obvious similarities like cork and corcaigh or kerry and ciarra\u00ed or mayo and maigh eo or roscommon and ros comain , and many others . 
  a lot of words you see in english names come from irish names . 
  baile , as in baile \u00c1tha cliath , means town or place . 
  it has become anglicised as bally . 
  in irish baile is pronounce bol-ya , so the anglicisation does not retain the pronunciation . 
  a huge amount of places around ireland have their english names start with with the prefix bally . 
  so they are literally the town of ... or the place of ... 
  there are many other examples , like kil/kill coming from cill , an old irish word for church ; d\u00fan , meaning fort ; carrick , coming from carraig , meaning rock , knock coming from cnoc meaning hill and many other examples . 
  look at a good map of ireland and you will see lots of examples of these prefixes . 
  you will see the irish language in other day to day use . 
  irish coins have \u00c9ire on them , which is the name for ireland in irish . 
  one of the most common examples of words everyone uses in everyday conversation is that we call the head of our government the taoiseach , pronounced tea-shock . 
  it is an old irish word meaning leader or chieftain . 
  many state organisations use the irish form . 
  our national broadcaster , known as rt\u00c9 is raidio teilif\u00eds \u00c9ireann , which translates literally as the radio and television of ireland . 
  our national anthem , amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann ( the soldiers song ) , is always sung in irish . 
  so while only a small amount of people are fluent in the irish language , it does influence our use of english . 
  one thing that italians do when speaking english , which is from the influence of italian itself , is to finish almost every word with a vowel sound . 
  only once and only tea ? 
  a small disaster ; not as big as say , spilling a beer !, 
  ireland is lucky , in that it does n't get any real extremes of weather . 
  we do get storms , but not on the scale of hurricanes in other countries . 
  in bad winters , such as the 2015/2016 one , we can get flooding in some parts , but again not on the scale of some countries . 
  extremely long bouts of cold weather are not common . 
  we had a bad winter of snow in 2011 , which was the worst since way back in 1982 . 
  at that , it only lasted a couple of weeks . 
  snow normally does n't last long in ireland , except in mountains , but we do n't have any ski-resorts . 
  we do n't get extremes of heat . 
  if you get past the mid 20s centigrade , that is considered to be extremely hot . 
  we 've no active volcanoes . 
  we do get earthquakes , but they are rare and so mild that you would barely feel them , so they do n't do any damage . 
  so all in all , without any of those extremities , it is not a bad place to live . 
  yes and no . 
  the irish healthcare system is quite good , once you get into it . 
  that is where the problem lies . 
  people on trolleys in hospitals waiting for beds and people waiting months , even years for appointments or procedures that in some cases could have life-changing implications . 
   effin you 've got termonfeckin in louth . 
  another one around there that causes amusement : hackballscross . 
  so does : toe head . 
   muff there 's definitely a muff in roscommon too , possibly elsewhere . 
  * coldest place : birr * hottest places : tubbercurry and ovens * richest place : prosperous * sickest place : hospital * smallest place : inch ( several of those in ireland ),
