  yes , we are quite close . 
  for me brussels is where the headquarters of the eu are , but it is belgium that it is the capital of . 
  that 's all fine , but we are going down a line that the op did n't really ask about . 
  in relation to that question , i do n't consider europe or the eu to have a capital for the reasons outlined . 
  so as far as i am concerned , europe has lots , not one . 
  the eu has none or 28 , but not one . 
  others have other opinions . 
  one big food shop every week , with individual items being bought as required during the week . 
  ah , but this is the whole thing . 
  whatever it is , and opinions differ on what it is or should be , it is not a country . 
  it is not the same as the usa . 
  it is an organisation , with countries as members , so on that basis it is like the un or nato , or even as i said , fifa . 
  sure , they are a bit different , but still they are organisations with national members and structures and rules etc. 
  it is closer to those than to the usa in that regard . 
  they are not countries . 
  the usa is one country of 50 states , whereas the eu is an organisation with 28 totally independent countries . 
  you are in one of them , italy . 
  it is one country , with lots of regions , like the usa is . 
  i am in ireland , which is one country with lots of regions too . 
  the capital of italy , or ireland , is not brussels . 
  that 's belgium 's capital , another country with regions . 
  of course , our capital could be nyon . 
  after all , we are all members of uefa . 
  maybe it is paris , because we are both in the oecd . 
  the list could go on . 
  ok , i am being a bit faceitious , yet the point still stands . 
  the eu has 28 capitals , not one , if you even consider that it should have a capital at all , seeing as it is not a country . 
  brussels is the capital of one country , nothing else . 
  it is also where part of the main eu institutions are based . 
  that 's all . 
  i have never played it , and do n't think much of it . 
  it has very little flowing play , more stop and start . 
  it is more like chess than a field game . 
  of all the sports that use the term `` football '' in their names , it probably least deserves it , as the ball seems to be rarely kicked . 
  american throwball would seem to be a more accurate name . 
  no offense intended by all that by the way . 
  sport in america is overly-commercialised , which does ruin it . 
  in american football , there are too many ads for example . 
  with all the stopping and starting , plus the advertising , a 60 minute match can take several hours to play . 
  when , on the morning after the superbowl , a lot of the coverage is about the best ads of the night and best musical performances , and not all on just the game itself , there is something wrong . 
  last saturday i went to a sports event , in a stadium that was packed to its capacity of 82,300 . 
  many more were watching on tv , listening on radio or following on the internet , both in ireland and abroad . 
  there were two 70 minute matches , each in two 35 minute halves . 
  there was some advertising and entertainment , but nothing like what you would see for american sports . 
  with the first starting at 4pm and the second game at 6pm , we were all out well before 8pm . 
  on sunday i went back to the same venue for more matches and again on monday for one more , which was a bank holiday . 
  having played in the largest sports venue in the country , the players that were in the different matches , were all back at work on tuesday morning , as they are all amateurs . 
  they play the sports for the love of it , and if you could see what it was like , you 'd see that they played with more passion than any person that was paid to play would . 
  that is how sport should be . 
  the sports were gaelic football and hurling incidentally . 
  check youtube for lots of videos of each of them , and we have a small sub on reddit called r/gaa which is the acronym for their governing body , the gaelic athletic association . 
  we are approaching to peak of the season , so lots more big matches to come this month and next month . 
  the eu is a supranational organisation , not a place . 
  it is a bit like asking what is the capital of the un or nato or even fifa . 
  the eu headquarters are principally in brussels , but significant elements are in other cities too , in other countries . 
  as the op says , `` brussels '' is often used as a term to refer to where power is coming from , but it is the capital of belgium . 
  europe is a continent , not a country . 
  so the eu does n't have a capital , de facto or other , and europe has many capitals , all equally valid . 
  i 've visited 21 other countries . 
  some i have been to lots of times . 
  two were just stopovers , so i never left the airport , but i was in them , so they are on the list . 
  on the return journey i would have been in them again , so that is twice each . 
  hard to say which were best and worst . 
  in order i first visited them , right up to bulgaria last month , these are the countries : france wales england isle of man spain portugal germany italy vatican czech republic canada scotland usa netherlands ( stopover ) kenya ( stopover ) malawi belgium poland israel palestine bulgaria, 
  you 've been in england and wales . 
  ok , it depends on the interpretations of what the united kingdom is , but at many times england and wales are considered separate countries , so for the purposes of this thread , go that way . 
  so you 've now visited one other country . 
  ok , time to go wild and go to scotland , and then really crazy by heading to the isle of man and then go absolutely travel crazy by going to ireland . 
  then , if you 've any degree of sanity left , and can take the madness of a country with another language , head to france . 
  that might be enough , so you 'd need to take it easy for a few years . 
  there is only so much anyone can take . 
  so , after all that madness , scale it back down a bit and head to cornwall for a few years again , and then , a few years later , be a bit daring and hit bognor regis . 
  for most people there is no problem . 
  for the most part , the irish and english do get on well , and so do people in the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  some , who never really travel between the places , have misconceptions and so have fears . 
  when the only news you hear from somewhere is about problems , you can get misconceptions . 
  on an international basis that was often the way ireland was thought of during the troubles . 
  there are others who still hold animosities , but they are a minority . 
  then on the irish side of things there is the banter and friendly rivalry , like loving to beat england in sport or see them lose to someone else . 
  they are the `` old enemy '' . 
  lots of countries have those sort of friendly rivalries with other nations . 
  for us it is england , but for them it is not us , but more germany or france . 
  i have met very few . 
  they were fine . 
  as others have said , it is the political state of the country at present rather than the character of its people that we know about . 
  anyway , it is you as a person that will be judged when people get to know you , not your nationality . 
  apart from its current place in the news , it is generally not a high profile country that people have opinions of its people on . 
  so very few people would have any particular opinions on venezuelans or preconceptions about them , which is good for you . 
  some might ask you about the political situation there , but not much more than that . 
  they will indeed approach you . 
  then they will stop right in front of you ... and stare straight at you ... and say ... `` welcome to belfast . '', 
  in other words , the fear is all on your side . 
  the `` they 'll hear my accent and ... '' phobia happens in many parts of the world , but usually completely unfounded . 
  you may have it going to northern ireland , while some english people have it coming to ireland , and you could say the same for others around the world . 
  at least you have gone to belfast , as some wo n't visit their feared location at all . 
  though once they do , they 're usually asking themselves `` why did n't i come here years ago ? '', 
  it is one of the best nights on twitter of the year . 
  ... apart from every third thursday , and any tuesday that 's the 17th of the month . 
  they 're the days you wear your platform shoes and fishnets , and its green fishnets when it is tuesday the 17th of september , right ? 
  2019 will be the next time , incidentally .
