there were about 8 million on the island of ireland before the famine in the 1840s , including what is now northern ireland . 
  the 6.53 would be in what is now the republic of ireland . 
  that is also the area that this census applies to . 
  many died in the famine and many emigrated . 
  they have continued to emigrate since then , at some times in greater numbers than others . 
  a lot went during the recent recession . 
  irish people and those claiming irish descent are found all over the world . 
  for such a small country , we have had a huge impact . 
  our national holiday , st. patrick 's day , the 17th of march , is celebrated all around the world , even drawing in people with no irish connections to the celebrations . 
  we have invaded the world , without firing a shot . 
  her letter to donald tusk is apparently about 4 pages , but could be shortened down to something like : dear donald , the uk wishes to do something very stupid . 
  regards , theresa . 
  where does it all end ? 
  almost anything is potentially dangerous . 
  it will come to the point where to be on a plane we will be stripped naked , sedated and tied to our seats before we can travel , having also been examined internally , in case we have an explosive ingested that can be detonated by farting or belching . 
  even then , terrorists will find some way . 
  yes we need security , but there has to be better ways than all we have to go through to get on a flight these days , and the ever growing list of things that are confiscated . 
  the irish language is important . 
  it is part of ireland 's culture . 
  while most people ca n't speak it fluently , there are words and phrases they know and that are commonly used . 
  taoiseach has been mentioned . 
  if you say `` prime minister '' in ireland , people normally assume you are talking about the british prime minister . 
  the language appears in many ways , placenames being a big one . 
  many placenames are either translations or mispronuciations of irish language names . 
  if you look at a map of ireland you will see many common prefixes . 
  these include bally , kill or kil , dun , knock , ard and many others . 
  all of these have irish origins . 
  bally comes from baile , meaning place . 
  cill is an old irish word for church , giving us kill and kil in names . 
  the list goes on . 
  many state organisations have their names in the irish form . 
  our national anthem is in the irish language . 
  you will see \u00c9ire on irish coins , meaning ireland . 
  in many ways the irish language is in our daily lives , even if you have no irish . 
  so it is part of our culture . 
  it is important to keep it alive . 
  some may see that as a waste , but it is n't . 
  to let it die would be to let part of ireland and part of us die . 
  the same could be said of any language in any country . 
  we are by no means alone in this . 
  let the americans look at him . 
  he 's their president . 
  we 've lots of better looking politicians to look at . 
  that 's what we need : `` a most beautiful politican in europe '' contest , with the prize being the slot where trump is . 
  * latest news : angela merkel has been eliminated in the first round . 
  * here are [ the good , the bad and the ugly ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/remote/media.central.ie/media/images/z/zzzwomenofdail2016_large.jpg?width=648&amp;s=ie-384840 ) of ireland 's tds . 
  in this context most of the people that vote for them are not too concerned with lgbt rights anyway , as they do n't fit into that category , as per my edit of your post . 
  so they do n't see themselves as voting against their own rights . 
  most of her voters have different things on their minds and lgbt rights are lower down their priorities . 
  equally , her party have bigger issues to draw votes in with , than lgbt rights . 
  they are delusionally , as you rightly point out , voting on issues around immigration that she and her party have deliberately made a bigger deal out of than the reality . 
  except there are many delusional ~ ~ gay ~ ~ people who vote for marine ~ ~ because they believe they need to be protected from muslims ... ~ ~ fyp, 
  most people stick with their own anyway . 
  in ireland we get both irish and british channels on standard tv - not satellite . 
  most people will opt for their own . 
  most irish people will watch rte ( ireland 's main channel ) for things like news , current affairs , sport etc. 
  the main news will cover major international stories , but most people will be most interested in what is happening in ireland . 
  romania has big news at the moment , but we have a major political story ongoing here at present , so what is happening in romania gets very little interest , though probably more than our big story is getting mentioned in romania and indeed other countries in europe . 
  probably most of you here have n't heard of it either . 
  after the irish channels , we will watch the british channels , often for different kinds of programmes , like some of the wider range of soaps they have . 
  a europe-wide channel might interest some people , which taken in total might be a lot , but still a minority in any given country . 
  we can get channels like euronews and some other channels from individual countries , but again not many would watch them , except ex-pats . 
  whatever country you are in can probably get channels from neighbouring countries or ones with a common language and watch them , like we in ireland watch british channels . 
  you 'll still mainly watch your own channels though , like we in ireland do . 
  europe is diverse , with many very different countries and cultures etc. 
  a one size fits all model does n't work as well as in the usa . 
  they have 50 states , but one country with a lot in common , whereas europe has about 50 very different countries . 
  you could certainly have a european channel and get a large amount of viewers , but the majority of people are going to stick to their own , or those that are close to them . 
  they 'll get their news from other countries through other sources , even by coming to this very sub . 
  i know . 
  i just mentioned it because it just happened to be a coincidentally similar incident where a wrong anthem was played , albeit with a different reaction . 
  those of us in ireland would certainly want it to be more precise , but it is ok , though not perfect . 
  it is in the context of a map of europe , so it is hard to get the level of detail when ireland is so small on it . 
  if it was just ireland you 'd certainly see a higher level of accuracy and detail , and almost be able to pick out individual towns . 
  as it is , it is probably just as accurate as anywhere else on the map . 
  at a sports event in ireland at the weekend , the [ italian anthem was played instead of ireland 's anthem . 
  ] ( https://www.balls.ie/gaa/anthem-plays-before-hurling-game-358910 ) people were amused , not outraged . 
  it 's about right . 
  dublin and belfast have the high densities . 
  cork is not huge and around it , limerick , galway and waterford are about right . 
  most of the population is around the east , and the extreme west is more sparsely populated . 
  ireland as a whole , only has about 5 - 6 million people . 
  so the map is about right . 
  there are a few incentives : beer and chocolate !, 
  maybe there are a few bodies , or lots of fish or radiation there !, 
  `` southern ireland '' well actually , where the text is write is about right . 
  it could be a millimetre or two lower to be even better , but it is over the geographical south of ireland , so i am not annoyed . 
  so we irish have no chance in challenging the finns in the `` most annoyed '' position . 
  we might even challenge for `` least annoyed '' . 
  a lot of countries want more power back . 
  we get situations here in ireland where we are told that we ca n't do this or that because of eu rules . 
  we do n't like that . 
  lots of countries find themselves in those situations . 
  the result of the referendum should be a wake-up call to the eu and it has got other countries thinking about their particular situations . 
  there are a lot of unpopular things about the eu , so it is not just in britain that they are felt . 
  the game has changed a bit , so they might get some more support now . 
  naturally , as they will want to protect their profits , but uk consumers who are travelling will . 
  ireland has twice had another referendum on the same issue in relation to eu treaties , so it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that there could be another vote . 
  from once the result was announced , the realisation that they had been lied to on a number of things and of what impacts leaving could actually have , meant some were regretting their vote , or not having come out to vote to stay on the assumption that they would be staying . 
  they should stay in and work for reform .
