  of course for an irish person , finding a pub like in ireland , is not that simple . 
  even the `` irish pubs '' you find in other countries are not that irish . 
  they have the name and the decor and maybe a few irish staff , but it is the people that make an irish pub , and as it is mostly non-irish in them , it is not quite the same . 
  still , we often find ourselves drawn to them . 
  not quite home , but close enough as it were . 
  like our british neighbours , us irish burn fairly easily and we are not as used to the sun as other countries . 
  i am not a sunbather myself . 
  just lying in the sun for 2 weeks when you are in a new place with lots to see and do instead , does n't make much sense . 
  so we end up doing some of the touristy things , seeing the sights and so on . 
  the world generally like the irish , so we get a good welcome in most places . 
  once we start relaxing and chatting , maybe singing , things liven up . 
  there is nothing like an irish sing-song , though it can bemuse some of the locals . 
  i was in paris in a pub once . 
  there was a woman playing the piano . 
  we went over to her and asked did she know any irish songs . 
  she started playing a few and we joined in and started singing . 
  all the french people that had been sitting quietly were looking at us to see what was going on . 
  it was a different world to them . 
  you are never a tourist in your own city , they say , so being at home is different that when you are away . 
  so yes , we do behave differently when we are abroad , but we bring some of our own traits with us too . 
  ok , i 'll send it today ( which means it will be posted in about a week , and given the christmas rush and some of the german inefficiency you are mentioning , you 'll have it by mid-january , if you are lucky ) . 
  ireland is very relaxed and easy-going , which for tourists can be quite a nice thing . 
  visitors often love that about ireland . 
  when you are trying to get things done though and you get undefinite commitments like `` i 'll get back to you '' or `` we 'll look after it '' or `` do n't worry , it 'll be fine '' and so on , it can be frustrating . 
  even when you get a definite commitment , it is n't always lived up to . 
  so when you get an `` i 'll get back to you later today '' , you might not hear from them for several days . 
  if it was in somewhere like germany , with their stereotypical efficiency , if they said `` we 'll call you at 3pm tomorrow '' , you could set your watch by it . 
  we are just coming to the end of the centenary of the 1916 revolution in ireland , commonly known as the easter rising . 
  on easter monday , the 24th of april , padraig pearse read the proclamation of independence on the steps of the gpo in dublin 's o'connell street . 
  he was the leader and one of the seven signatories of the proclamation . 
  the rising initially failed , in that it did not get popular support , the leaders surrendered to the british later that week and many of the leaders were executed . 
  however , those executions changed popular opinion and the leaders became heroes . 
  it started a process that would eventually lead to ireland 's independence in 1922 and the creation of northern ireland , as only 26 of ireland 's 32 counties got independence . 
  this is because people there did not want independence as they had strong ties to britain going back to the plantation of many british there centuries beforehand . 
  the partition of ireland had many consequences in the years that followed , including a civil war at that time in the early 1920s , up to the troubles in northern ireland from the late 1960s to the 1990s . 
  the next 10 years will see more centenary events to mark events that followed the easter rising . 
  many streets , railway stations , buildings and other things are named after the seven signatories of the proclamation . 
  some leaders survived , most notably michael collins , who was later shot by his own comrades in 1922 , having signed a treaty in 1921 that created partition . 
  the other notable survivor was eamon devalera , who became a figure in irish politics for decades to come , including being taoiseach ( the irish head of government ) and president of ireland . 
  he died in 1975 , only a couple of months short of his 93rd birthday . 
  a little less rain and a little warmer , though of course it is our climate , most especially the rain , that gives ireland its green colours . 
  we particularly benefit from the gulf stream , with milder winters than some countries in europe and other parts of the world as far north as we are . 
  our weather is very unpredictable . 
  this time last year , there was flooding in some parts of ireland , whereas this year we have had a very mild winter so far , with temperatures getting into the mid-teens celsius , which is good for december in ireland , and we 've not had a lot of rain . 
  the roman empire never got to ireland , so we 've no major history with it . 
  christianity did get here of course , through most notably st. patrick , amongst others , who did study in rome . 
  holland - common enough . 
  england - irish people know the difference between the uk and england . 
  americans - america is properly all of north and south america , not just the united states . 
  of course , having said that , americans is used as a term for those from the united states and the term `` yanks '' rather than `` yankees '' is the more popular of those two variations . 
  it is huge in ireland . 
  as an english-speaking country , many of the big american it companies set up their european bases in ireland , encouraged also by our tax policies and many other advantages , like our well-educated and technically-literate workforce . 
  companies include microsoft , intel , apple , google , linkedin , twitter , facebook , hewlett packard , ibm and a large range of others , big and small . 
  a lot of these companies are based around dublin , but there are some in other parts , like apple being based in cork . 
  we do n't have little roadside churches like those in the photos , but there are lots of little roadside grottos and statues and little statues or crosses marking fatal accident locations or some historic places where deaths occurred . 
  here is a well known one , a [ grotto ] ( http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5143/5682089314_55c19b49b2.jpg ) based on lourdes . 
  around some marking accidents or famous deaths , there are often flowers and other things put around them at the times of anniversaries . 
  there certainly are . 
  be it wicklow , the so-called garden of ireland , west cork and kerry , connemara , donegal , around the aforementioned north coast and many places through the rest of the country . 
  so the simple answer is `` all of ireland '' . 
  in ireland , we have what is known as puck fair , held in the town of killorglin in county kerry , every august . 
  it has been going for hundreds of years . 
  a wild goat is caught and brought to the town . 
  in the town square the `` queen of puck '' , traditionally a young school girl , crowns the goat `` king puck '' . 
  the goat is put into small cage set on a high stand for three days . 
  on the third day it is brought down and led back to the nearby mountain , where he had been caught . 
  a whole load of festivities are held during the three days , with music , drinking , in typical irish style . 
  do n't forget that tv3 do a toy show now too , just before rte 's one . 
  in the previous few days rte do highlights of others . 
  the main one is repeated on sunday and available on the internet . 
  foreign investment ; tough financial measures after the crash , which a lot us are still feeling the brunt of ; aid from the eu/ecb/imf which we will be paying back for many years to come ; a young educated workforce ; a good location for us companies to invest because of tax but also because we are an english-speaking country on the edge of europe . 
  this is the one and only irishflukey 's account . 
  i do n't know who cici is , but it is definitely not me . 
  it would n't happen . 
  john would approach him , let one of his roars and neymar would run away as fast as he could , whimpering like a baby . 
  yes , ireland has some in counties including donegal , kerry and wicklow . 
  yes , they are in ireland . 
  they offer you their `` free '' personality tests . 
  these find some `` flaw '' which they recommend you do a course to assist you with . 
  that leads to another course and another and ... !, 
  if they ask you to do a personality test you can reply with something like `` well , at least i have one . '', 
  their other one is the old quote of us only using 10 % of our brain . 
  the reply for that one is to say `` even if i only had 1 % , i 'd know to keep away from you . '', 
  a few people get fooled by them , but most people are sensible enough to avoid them . 
  in ireland our two national sports are gaelic football and hurling . 
  check them out on youtube if you have never seen or heard of them . 
  a simple description of gaelic football is that it looks like a cross between rugby and soccer . 
  hurling is a stick and ball sport , the fastest field game in the world , and has jokingly being described as a cross between hockey and murder !, 
  each september the finals of each of these is played , known as the all-ireland final . 
  they are the two biggest events in the irish sporting calendar . 
  there is a league , but unusually compared to many sports , the cup competition in each is the more important one . 
  traditionally the all-ireland hurling final is on the first sunday in september and the all-ireland football final is on the third sunday . 
  the two finals are held in croke park , which at a capacity of 82,300 people , is one of the largest stadiums in europe . 
  there are thousands of clubs , which are just local teams . 
  ireland has 32 counties and the best players in each county are chosen for the county teams . 
  it is the county teams that play in the all-ireland finals in september , with the competition having started in may . 
  there are also finals for the actual clubs , initially within each county , then each province for county champions . 
  there are four provinces , so the four provincial winners play in the semi-finals . 
  the two club finals are played on the 17th of march , st. patrick 's day , ireland 's national holiday . 
  the county teams are not clubs .
