  words and phrases and slang and pronunciation may differ , but the basic rules do n't . 
  it may be strange and confusing and different than their own language , but those are the rules of the language , and if someone is learning it , then they should do so along the lines of those rules first . 
  dialect differences and all that goes with that comes later . 
  ireland is of course an english speaking country , and we get thousands of students coming here to learn english . 
  at one time it was mainly a summer phenomenon . 
  so during july and august , suddenly there would be thousands of teenagers from spain , germany , france , italy etc. 
  coming to ireland to learn english . 
  from next week , we will certainly see that . 
  nowadays though , it is a 12 month business and the range of countries they come from is much wider . 
  there are language schools everywhere now . 
  they come here because we are an english-speaking country . 
  most stay with host families . 
  when i was a child , my mother used to take in students from countries during july . 
  we could take more than one , but one fundamental rule was that you could not have ones from the same country . 
  obviously this was in order to force them to converse in what would be the language they were learning . 
  speaking your own version is fine , but when there are actual errors in it , that is where the problem lies . 
  if a language is going to be taught and learnt , then it should be done correctly . 
  as someone who teaches it as a native speaker , i would correct the mistakes , and people are normally very happy for me to do so . 
  teachers do n't get annoyed when they hear someone use incorrect pronunciation or grammar , but they will correct them . 
  the students want to learn and understand the language , as a native speaker would speak it . 
  speaking amongst other learners is of course a bit different , and those errors persist , but if they are going to speak to a native speaker , then they do want to learn to speak correctly . 
  we understand what is meant , but it is not the way any native speaker would say it . 
  it is more describing what you are , than how many of you there are . 
  `` there are three of us '' is the way you would say it . 
  even the word `` persons '' would normally be `` people '' . 
   `` british '' and `` american '' variations do n't mean much here . 
  well , actually it can do . 
  in my experience of teaching english , people who have been taught by different teachers come out with different variations of english , even accents when speaking . 
  so if someone has learned their english from an american as opposed to an english person , they will have differences . 
  then you have problems in other countries . 
  very common errors never seem to be eradicated , over years . 
  germans having pronunciation problems with `` v '' and `` w '' still persist for example . 
  surely that very basic issue should have been eliminated decades ago . 
  you can go around europe and the world , and have comparable issues from the same regions . 
  even when native speakers are used in those countries , those pronunciation errors still persist . 
  the common `` th '' being pronounced as `` ze '' never seems to be resolved for some speakers for example . 
  there are many others . 
  as well as pronunciations , you get grammatical errors or just incorrect ways of saying things which also never seem to be learned . 
  mistakes like `` we are three persons '' or `` i am being here since six months '' . 
  i could give you loads of these . 
  they never seem to change . 
  we are just talking about english here , but i am sure there are corresponding things in non-native speakers of other languages . 
  then there is the way some words have different meanings in america and britain , often leading to amusement and confusion . 
  the classic one is `` fag '' . 
  in ireland and britain , it can be a slang word for a cigarette , while in america it means someone who is gay . 
  so a question to an american from an irish person saying `` would you like a fag ? '', 
  often leads to mirth . 
  there are plenty of others , like crack being associated with being cocaine and the word craic in ireland , relating to great fun . 
  `` we had great craic last night '' could mean different things to an irish person and an american . 
  there are all the classic word differences like footpath/sidewalk or boot/trunk or garden/yard and so on . 
  so english in britain and ireland can be very different to english in america . 
  even english in ireland and england have variations . 
  strictly we have hiberno-english in ireland , which differs from what you get in england . 
  ours is of course better . 
  ah , but there are too many variations in spelling and pronunciation . 
  british and american english have many variations . 
  even where the same spellings are used , you get different pronunciations , even within the same countries . 
  non-native speakers have different pronunciations in different languages , and difficulties in getting certain sounds . 
  there is the old joke in ireland : `` do you pronounce it either or either ? '', 
  `` ah either of them will do . '', 
  of course , that does n't make much sense without hearing it with accents and pronunications , which sounds something like this : `` do you pronounce it eether or ither ? '', 
  `` ah ayther of them will do . '', 
  there is the way the same combination of letters are pronounced differently . 
  there is the classic `` ough '' in english , which has a wide variety of pronunciations when in different words . 
  then you have homonyms , homophones , homographs etc. 
  across different languages you have completely different pronunciations for the same conbinations of letters . 
  even when you write something in an attempt to make it clearer as to how it should sound , people will still not get it right . 
  i have taught english , so i have a lot of experience in all of these areas . 
  in such a forum you would not get consensus , which kind of defeats the purpose . 
  now , maybe all of this could be used as a further justification for having such a forum , just as much as an argument against . 
  one thing though , is that i would use the proper spelling and pronunciation for such a forum 's name , not those proposed . 
  we should start as we mean to continue if it is designed to be helping people . 
  dublin is a coastal city , so it has a number of popular beaches including dollymount , sandymount , killiney and others . 
  there are also some nice coastal walks and piers , most notably in d\u00fan laoghaire , that people go to . 
  they have little influence , though some have taken more active roles in public and behind the scenes , such as former president mary mcaleese 's husband , martin , doing some work to help in the peace process . 
  sabina higgins is the wife of president michael d. higgins . 
  leo varadkar 's partner is matthew barrett , leo being ireland 's taoiseach . 
   in the uk we have lord buckethead and the monster raving looney party . 
  so europe , what fun/satirical election candidates do you have ? 
  you could have given a better example , like theresa may and the conservative party . 
  it is played at gaelic football and hurling matches in ireland . 
  i go to a lot of those . 
  here is a video i took of it being sung at the 2010 all-ireland football final : [ amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann ] ( https://youtu.be/f-h84iv3btu ) . 
  i know all three , but would not know the exchange rates . 
  they change , so people would have to check them anyway . 
  many europeans would know what the three currencies are . 
  that 's an international sporting event as opposed to a domestic one . 
  the irish grand national or the aforementioned fai cup final or the like might be more comparable . 
  anyway , the point is that they are huge events and they are amateur sports . 
  professionalising gaelic games would ruin them . 
  everyone starts playing sport for fun and that is enough reward , but when money comes in , it changes all that . 
  the attitude of players to the game changes and so do they themselves . 
  amateur sportspeople still play with the love of their particular sport that they had the very first time they played it , maybe just out in their garden . 
  it is not a job to them . 
  ireland has the leaving certificate . 
  there is a lot of hype around it , especially in the first few days of the actual exams . 
  the main ones are in the first few days , with more obscure subjects being the later ones . 
  they start on the first wednesday in june , and this year the last exams are today . 
  they are important in that entrance to university courses are based mainly on a points system that is calculated from your leaving certificate results . 
  students have to apply for courses earlier in the year , but it wo n't be until august that they get their results and know if they will have enough points to be offered a place on their chosen course ( s ) .
