  $ 9.25 per hour . 
  ( since 1st of january 2017 ) the standard vat rate is 23 % . 
  there are different rates for some things , like a special rate of 9 % for tourism-related things , and some exemptions . 
  here are more details on [ vat rates in ireland ] ( http://www.revenue.ie/en/tax/vat/guide/vat-rates.html ) . 
  all figures rounded . . 
  i live in dublin , 53n 6w new orleans 90w . 
  dead sea 35e . 
  125 degree difference . 
  stirling ( scotland ) 56n . 
  71 degree difference . 
  the dead sea is the lowest place above ground on earth , at about 430.5 metres / 1,412 feet below sea level . 
  i am not sure where is the highest point i 've been . 
  i have been in some mountain ranges , but i have n't been to anywhere extremely high . 
  at least you have a brain , which is more than we can say for our trolling clown friend . 
  we could tell them that the english are actually not that bad , but do we really want to ruin centuries of work earning that reputation ? 
  i know exactly what you meant . 
  when there are trolls around , we need a few of us to lighten up the threads a bit , so my comment was meant in that way . 
  a clown started this thread after all . 
   clowns dressing up does that mean they went around dressed in normal clothes ? 
  if our troll packs all he needs to protect himself from all of that , he 's going to need some extra suitcases . 
  where - anywhere in northern europe , particularly in scandinavia , but at times they can be seen further south . 
  we see them in ireland sometimes . 
  when - there is a misconception that you can see them at any time . 
  there are even `` see the northern lights '' tours , which often disappoint . 
  the conditions on earth and particularly the sun have to be right . 
  you really only get a day or two of notice , as that is when solar activity sending solar flares our way happens and the effects on earth are seen . 
  so if the right activity happened on the sun today , you 'd have a good chance of seeing them tomorrow . 
  some displays are better than others . 
  the best you can do is book your travel and hope you get lucky when you are there . 
  we do n't get offended when people think we are english , but we often find a different attitude when they discover we are irish . 
  a sort of `` ah , you irish . 
  that 's alright then . 
  we thought you were english '' response . 
  happy new year to everyone here from ireland . 
  put an englishman and a scotsman together and they will tell you the differences !!, 
   joking aside , there are many differences in language , culture and other things between england and scotland . 
  yes , so if you are in one , then all others are foreign . 
  i live in ireland , which to you is foreign , though it is not to me . 
  estonia is not foreign to you , but it is to me . 
  any country , except ireland , is foreign to me . 
  any country , except estonia , is foreign to you . 
  so , wherever someone is from , every other country is foreign . 
   the only people who think brits and irish are n't european seem to be brits and irish themselves , sadly ... 
  i think that is more a case of the british . 
  much of that is due to conflicts they have had with some european countries and also their imperial past which created colonies around the world . 
  that influence has given them an air of feeling they are that bit greater than others , above their station . 
  having been an imperial power , they value their independence and do n't like to be in any way under the influence of anyone else . 
  there is a bit of that in their whole attitude to the rest of europe , which manifested itself very clearly last june . 
  they are still and always will be european though , like it or not , brexit or not . 
  what is to consider ? 
  irish and british people are european . 
  that is a bit like asking do people consider water to be wet when it comes out of a tap rather than being fresh out of a cloud and in a puddle . 
  mainland britain has lots of islands around it . 
  would you ask if they are british ? 
  how about the people on the islands around ireland , and being irish ? 
  i am irish . 
  i consider myself irish . 
  i am also european . 
  i 'm not asian or australian or african etc. 
  unless there is one hell of an earthquake that sends ireland and britain shooting off across the atlantic into the caribbean or down the west of africa or wherever , i think we are going to remain european for a long time to come . 
  even in a small country you can see a variety of things . 
  that does n't preclude you from seeing other new things . 
  whether you live in russia or the vatican city , other countries are different , even ones very close . 
  sure , if you go from one state in the us to a completely different one a long way away , it will be different , but it is still the same country . 
  if you go to a different country , there are a lot more differences , even if the distance is shorter . 
  there would be a bigger difference between two countries in europe that are not far away than two us states that are a long way apart . 
  practicalities may make it difficult for americans to travel and there is a lot to see in the us , but there is a big diverse world out there and they will see a lot more variety if they do travel to new countries . 
  it is something they should do more . 
  it is worth making the effort . 
  a lot of europeans face similar issues , like having to travel to airports in other countries to get to their ultimate destination . 
  dublin airport is n't far from me , but to get to a lot of places in the world , it involves flying on to other airports first , like heathrow or schipol etc. 
  so it is not an issue that just americans face . 
  europeans seem more willing to travel though , no matter what is available to see and do in their own country . 
  by nature , americans are a bit more insular in various ways , travel being just one of them . 
  more travelling to other parts would be one way of breaking that insularism down a bit . 
  technically speaking , every other country is a foreign country . 
  most years i would go abroad , just once or twice . 
  only once this year , to england . 
  one trip planned for next summer , my first ever to bulgaria . 
  we have use of a holiday apartment there , owned by my brother-in-law . 
  so it was just flights to be organised , which is now done . 
  it is always nice to go to a new country . 
  my wife has been there , some years ago . 
  there have been issues around the property , a long saga for my brother-in-law , but things have settled down a little now , so it should be ok to use it . 
  as of now , i have no plans to travel to any other countries next year , but there is always a chance that that could change . 
  so it is at least once next year . 
  it is a bit like an exam . 
  some people do n't properly read the question and end up answering something they were n't asked . 
  it 's like the old joke : a man arrives at the immigration desk in the airport having just arrived in australia . 
  the immigration officer is going through his documentation and checking details . 
  `` do you have a prison record ? '', 
  he asks . 
  `` i did n't realise you still needed one to get in here , '' replies the man . 
  southern irish , plus those in the east , west and midlands , tend to have a bit more support for the palestinians . 
  they see parallels with irish history as being an occupied area with a bigger , stronger power squeezing them . 
  they do n't support the violence on either side , but can see why the oppressed would fight back . 
  diet has something to do with it and general eating habits . 
  it is why our waistlines differ too . 
  the countries should work together for mutual benefit . 
  what has made europe what it is , is the diversity in the countries and cultures .
