  there is being inconvenienced and there is being inconvenienced . 
  it was ok complaining about things like not being able to get a bus from somewhere in kerry to get to college in ucc , but listening to people moaning about having to get up 10 or 15 minutes earlier and walk for half an hour just sounded ridiculous . 
  about 1pm for me . 
  we have a window of 12:30 pm to 2:30 pm for people to take lunch where i work , so there is flexibility for people to choose from . 
  we have a clocking system . 
  a minimum of 30 minutes must be taken . 
  usually i do n't take much more than that . 
  it depends on what i need to do . 
  sometimes i might have to go out and go to the shops or bank etc. , so that takes a bit longer , but other days i can stay in the workplace and take a shorter lunch . 
  ireland does n't get extremes of weather , so really hot , really cold , extreme storms etc. 
  so on the rare occasions it does come to ireland , we do n't deal well with extreme weather and we do n't deal well with it abroad . 
  if it snows an inch or two in ireland , traffic almost draws to a halt , whereas in other countries it would barely bother them . 
  get a heavier snowfall here , and we really are in trouble . 
  irish people do n't deal with hot weather very well . 
  if it gets to 25 \u00b0 c in ireland , that is really hot for us , so dealing with 30 \u00b0 c + is difficult . 
  humidity can be a problem too , as it is often a dead heat . 
  at least in ireland when it is very hot , there is often a bit of a breeze , but you do n't get that on a hot day in the likes of paris or rome . 
  air conditioning is not a common thing in irish homes , like it would be in some parts of the world . 
  irish people complain about the rain , but if it was n't for it , ireland would not be the wonderful green place that it is , and which our visitors love . 
  head a bit further south , to the likes of spain , italy etc. , and it is really brown . 
  irish weather is notoriously unpredictable . 
  weather is always a popular topic of conversation here , because it is so unpredictable at any given time and from year to year . 
  we 've just come out of a relatively dry and mild winter , whereas the 2015/2016 winter had a lot of very heavy rain , causing flooding in some parts of the country . 
  that 's irish weather for you !, 
   it 's an hour and 7 minutes , according to google exactly , it is well within walking distance . 
  i am not saying everywhere in galway is , as in the industrial estates that you mentioned , but as an example knocknacarra is on the edge of the main suburbs and is not that far from the city centre . 
  i 've walked it in and out , twice in one day , with public transport running , and i am not a keep fit freak or in training for a marathon , just an ordinary guy . 
  i 've often done much longer walks in dublin . 
  neither am i saying that anyone that lives in knocknacarra and heading to the city centre should stop getting the bus , but it is still a walkable distance . 
  as i said earlier , there were people in cork moaning about having to walk distances that were only taking them as little as 25 minutes , and having to get up a little bit earlier . 
  ah sure god help them , is n't it awful for them ? 
  these were young , fit people , not little old ladies on walking sticks . 
  they are not much better than the type of person you see waiting 15 minutes for a bus to go one stop , a distance they 'd have walked in far less time than they were waiting for the bus . 
  some people are just plain lazy . 
  galway , cork , limerick and even dublin , should have better public transport , and the rural areas too , but there are some very lazy people out there . 
  one would hope that as well as the few that might switch from bus \u00c9ireann to other providers as a result of the strike , there would be some that might realise that their journey can be walked , or at least cycled instead of going by public transport , and would actually do it occasionally . 
  it would do them good and save them plenty of money . 
   knocknacarra is not a walkable distance ah come on , you have got to be joking . 
  it is only a few miles . 
  ok , in driving rain , as you said , it might be , but other than that it is only a relatively short distance . 
  eyre square to knocknacarra is not a walkable distance ; did you ever think of being a stand-up comedian , or maybe you think going from a sit down to standing up position is too much effort ? 
  i 've done that walk , and further ones in dublin . 
  they are short walks . 
  the majority in northern ireland still voted for staying . 
  unionists are usually very strident in talking about majorities in northern ireland , but in this case have not been so . 
  they 'll say it was a uk-wide vote , but had northern ireland voted in favour , they 'd have had no problem in talking specifically about the northern ireland result . 
  we do n't resent them , but do feel they should not do it . 
  a lot of their complaints would be shared by other countries , so they are not alone in many of the reservations that they have . 
  things like sovereignty , immigration , ever closer integration etc. 
  are things a lot of countries have problems with . 
  so they would get some support in working to change those things . 
  even in the way they are going about it , they want to leave to avoid those things , but still retain a lot of the benefits . 
  so very few of those that want to leave actually want a complete and absolute cut of their membership . 
  also , there were lies told to them in the campaign and lots of information witheld , leading to many people only realising the full impact of what leaving would mean after the result came through . 
  that could have swung what was a very close vote . 
  a lot of the remain campaigners thought they would win and did n't put the same effort in to getting the vote out . 
  a lot of the leave campaigners thought they would lose and would n't have to face the problems of leaving . 
  so a lot of people got caught out on all sides . 
  a lot of the conservative party wanted to stay , but now find themselves having to support something they do n't want to do . 
  even theresa may wanted to stay . 
  it was all very badly handled . 
  there are buses in galway , but it is a small city , not on the scale of dublin in terms of area or population . 
  eyre square to say , somewhere on the edge of the suburbs like knocknacarra , is well within walking distance and far shorter than from the city centre to the edge of the dublin suburbs . 
  during the recent strike i heard various people in cork complaining about having to now do 25/35/45 minute walks to work . 
  the first thought that came to me on hearing that was , with the exceptions of extreme weather perhaps or infirmity , why on earth would they ever be getting a bus anyway ? 
  if you live in irish cities , it is not too bad . 
  in rural areas it is more difficult , but that is because there is not the critical mass to support such transport . 
  ireland is not unique in that regard . 
  there is certainly room for improvement , though things have improved , both in cities and rural areas . 
  the various strikes in the past year have highlighted shortcomings , but did n't have the same impact as they would have had many years ago . 
  many of the monopolies have been broken , providing more options . 
  ireland is small and it is an island . 
  so you can get anywhere in the country in a few hours . 
  it is longer from the most southerly point to the most northerly point , so that would be longer . 
  new york to san francisco might take days to drive , but derry to cork is measured in hours . 
  tourists come and take a few days driving around different parts , but they 'd do a lot of stopping for views and overnight stays , so they would be taking it very easy . 
  so you ca n't really get into a car and drive non-stop for days . 
  anything above zero is more than is probably healthy . 
  we tend to only see them around election time . 
  one of the great blood sports that should be allowed is dealing with them and their workers when they come looking for votes . 
  maybe , but it is one of the best nights of the year on twitter , with all the comments you get . 
  as for the political element and things like neighbours voting for each other , i always think that it is a little overstated . 
  if it were more political , some neighbours would never vote for each other . 
  us in ireland and those in britain , for example , but a lot of votes do cross the irish sea , in both directions . 
  i think one of the reasons neighbouring countries vote for each other is similar styles of music and maybe artists being well known in neighbouring countries . 
  [ riverdance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5mc03_rlwo ) - a 7 minute interval act in dublin 's eurovision song contest of 1994 that spawned a show that still tours the world to this day . 
  yes , and back up he got . 
  imagine that was ronaldo !, 
  yes , there are particularly strong connections with the whole north of ireland . 
  they spread across both parts of the community in northern ireland . 
  you 'll find many in ireland that can trace their ancestry to scotland , but also many in scotland that trace their ancestry to ireland . 
  even some of the accents in northern ireland and scotland bare some similarities . 
  geographically they are not far apart either , and on a clear day you can see scotland from many parts of the northeast coast of ireland . 
  socially the irish and scots always get on well together . 
  they say that during the annual six nations rugby championship , the best weekend of all , in terms of the rival fans mixing together , are when the two countries meet , be that in dublin or edinburgh . 
  any irish person or scots person that has visited the other country always has a great time . 
  i 've always enjoyed my visits to scotland . 
  very famous person in irish history . 
  there is a connolly station in dublin . 
  many of the main railway stations are named after the seven signatories and other significant individuals of that time .
