  or `` who was the second president ? '', 
  as if the american president is the only one in the world . 
  rarely , because i take baths . 
  we 've no place called ireland , but we do have an irishtown , which is a place in dublin . 
  possibly , but a lot of them do n't follow the domestic clubs , just the international team and/or foreign leagues . 
  gaelic football would be number 1 . 
  hurling would be number 2 . 
  with the championships in both now starting , huge crowds will come out for these , far more than at any soccer match . 
  the two all-ireland finals will both fill croke park 's 82,300 capacity in september , with people all around ireland listening/watching through the media , and of course irish people around the world doing so too . 
  the fai cup final would n't come close to that . 
  international soccer and rugby get a lot of interest , but nothing close to that at the domestic club level . 
  provincial rugby does well , but there is nothing like a big gaelic football or hurling day . 
  tullamore was full of people for the dublin v galway hurling match yesterday , which i was at . 
  other matches over the weekend also had big crowds with bigger days to come in the next few months . 
  it is not much more than an hour 's drive from dublin to portlaoise , but buses are leaving around lunchtime for the 7pm throw-in between dublin and carlow next saturday , due to the expected crowds and associated traffic jams . 
  we get bbc in ireland . 
  in terms of the regional variation , we get northern ireland 's version , but that obviously has more relevance to the rest of us in ireland than one of the british regional versions . 
  most of the programmes are the same across all regions of course . 
  so getting bbc in dublin has been the normality for many years , though some areas outside of dublin did not get it so well . 
  we also have the strange situation of many people in northern ireland not being able to get rte , which is ireland 's main national broadcaster . 
  like the bbc , we also get itv 's northern ireland regional channel here , known by us as utv , with the u standing for ulster . 
  we get the other main ones too , like channel 4 , and many satellite channels . 
  it is great in [ croke park on a big match day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-h84iv3btu ) . 
  ireland has lots of ancient burial mounds . 
  most famous is [ newgrange ] ( http://www.newgrange.com/ ) , which at over 5000 years old , is much older than the pyramids in egypt . 
  it has been built in such a way that on the 21st of december , the shortest day of the year , as the sun rises it shines straight into the tomb lighting up the inside of it . 
  it only does so on that day . 
  so whoever built it , knew something about the way the world worked . 
  it can be said that that date marks the start of a new year , as the days begin to lengthen again . 
  it is about one hour from dublin and has regular visitors . 
  to get into it on the 21st of december they have a draw , as the demand way exceeds the capacity . 
  so whenever you visit , you can buy a ticket and be entered into the draw and come back in december . 
  of course our famous irish weather often leaves the morning of the 21st of december unsuitable to see the phenomenon in its full glory . 
  that is different than the stereotypical american you mentioned . 
  yours is one generation back and you are much more engrossed in your cultures . 
  many of our american friends have never been in the country they claim connection to , and it might be several generations back to the last family member that was . 
  their perception of the country is often different to the reality . 
  none of that applies to you . 
  i do n't doubt that all the razzamatazz , advertising , entertainment shows and all that surround the games is annoying to the real fans . 
  the usa is generally more commercialised in all sorts of areas of society , so it is something you are used to . 
  we have some , but not as much . 
  interestingly , the biggest two sports we have in ireland , gaelic football and hurling , are both amateur . 
  so although each of the two all-ireland finals are played in a stadium that holds 82,300 people , and have a huge radio , tv and online audience , the players do n't get paid . 
  they play for the love of the game and it actually brings out a passion in their play that no payday could . 
  they also usually play for their local teams , so they have a real connection to them , adding a little extra fuel to their passion . 
  they would have day jobs or be students , and the money goes back into the game , right down to grass roots level . 
  check the two sports out on youtube if you 've never seen them . 
  they are fast , with hurling being the fast field sport in the world . 
  they are sports , but they also have a social and cultural contribution to ireland , making them far more important to society than what happens on the field of play . 
  they are fun by the gaelic athletic association ( gaa ) . 
  there are over 2,500 gaa clubs in the country , making them part of the fabric of local society providing far more than sport to the local community . 
  they are local community centres for people , a topic of conversation , a place to keep kids occupied , venues for social occasions and a whole lot more . 
  you 'd have to be here to really appreciate how important the gaa is to ireland in many different ways . 
  the all-ireland championships have just started , and will culminate in the final in each sport being played in september . 
  right throughout the summer , people will be following their teams . 
  as a dublin person , i will be going to our first hurling championship match this coming sunday , and to our first football championship match on the saturday after that . 
  our hurling team do n't stand much chance of winning anything , but our football team have won the last two finals , and are going for their first three in a row since the 1920s . 
  we are favourites , but we have a few big challengers . 
  american football does n't get much coverage here . 
  the superbowl itself gets some and you will hear who qualified for it from the previous results . 
  there is a history of college matches being brought to ireland though . 
  some fans will go to those games and watch other matches on satellite tv and there would be superbowl parties for that game . 
  so apart from americans living here , tourists and a few local fans , we do n't see much of it or get enough exposure to get all the subtleties of it . 
  we know its tactical and chess-like rather than free-flowing , but we would n't have the detailed knowledge of the rules . 
  much like others have said , it is all stop and start and there is little flow , compared to other field sports . 
  it is more like a game of chess at times . 
  that is what makes it boring to so many of us that are used to faster flowing sports . 
  then there is the advertising and entertainment that gets in the way . 
  we prefer the sport and have the social stuff after that . 
  so we 'd go to the event and then maybe have a few drinks in a pub after the game , and discuss it . 
  yes , you need a little half time entertainment and something before the games , but that is about it . 
  you also expect a bit of advertsing too . 
  if it is a sport , then primarily you expect to see sport . 
  when some of the biggest news after a super bowl is what the half time concert was like or what the best advert was , there is something wrong . 
  after all , if you went to a concert , and halfway through a basketball match started , you 'd think it was a bit strange . 
  at a sports event , the sports event is the main thing and should outshine everything else . 
  on the morning after an all-ireland gaelic football or hurling final here in ireland , nobody is talking about the lovely tunes the artane band played at half time . 
  go around the world for the biggest national sporting events , and you 'd find the same in the majority of them . 
  they all have commercial , entertainers and social aspects , and that is fine , but none of those things should be taking any attention from the main event . 
  it is not that unusual in ireland . 
  many people will keep to themselves but others will chat to strangers . 
  people will get chatting sometimes in various situations . 
  that is our nature . 
  we are not stand-offish . 
  ireland 's friendliness is one thing visitors like , and are sometimes surprised by , as they do n't get it elsewhere . 
  you see someone staring at a map or hear them talking as if they were lost or trying to work out what to do , and you stop and help if you can . 
  so they may be on public transport and wondering where to get off , so you help . 
  you might get chatting then about where they are from , what they are doing and so on . 
  it is not about trying to be their friend , just being polite and helpful . 
  we have to take at least half an hour within a two hour window . 
  in honour of the resurrection , which is the central event that christianity is based on . 
  yes , and sunday is the day of the sun . 
  the sun has more significance than the moon , so the first day is named after the sun . 
  yes ... which was saturday . 
  it does , because the week ends exactly in the middle of it . 
  why have two days off for a weekend anyway ? 
  it comes from the jewish and christian sabbaths . 
  we get both of them off . 
  the jewish sabbath is the seventh day and the christian sabbath is the first day . 
  see my other post in the thread for a more detailed explanation .
