  basically though , the republic of ireland , also called ireland or \u00c9ire but not southern ireland , became independent in 1922 . 
  ireland can refer to the island but also the country that you are referring to as southern ireland . 
  that term is never used by people in ireland , though you will hear `` the south '' . 
  in fact , the most northerly point on the island of ireland , is not in northern ireland , but is in the republic of ireland . 
  so the most northerly point of ireland is in the south !, 
  the most easterly point is in the north . 
  anyway , enough of geography and let 's get back to politics . 
  the island has 32 counties , 26 in the republic of ireland and 6 in northern ireland . 
  ireland has 4 provinces : leinster , munster , connacht and ulster . 
  there are 9 counties in ulster . 
  6 of those are in northern ireland , with the other 3 being in the republic of ireland . 
  it is one of those three , donegal , that has the most northerly point in ireland . 
  occasionally though , you will hear people referring to ulster and northern ireland as being the same , but as you can see , that is not true . 
  \u00c9ire is the name for the country ireland , in the irish language , which is the 26 counties . 
  you will see \u00c9ire on the back of irish coins . 
  the `` republic of ireland '' is a description of the state , rather than the actual name of it , according to the irish constitution . 
  so while the united kingdom confuses everyone , so does ireland / \u00c9ire / republic of ireland/southern ireland . 
  i am from dublin by the way . 
  it is whatever people are used to . 
  it only seems different when you go to a country that is at a considerable different latitude than where you live . 
  in ireland at the two solstices it is about a 17 hours/7 hours split . 
  we 're used to it . 
  it 's the norm to us . 
  so we do n't get particularly depressed about it . 
  some people do have seasonal affective disorder , but only some people . 
  the long days are nice , but the long nights have their charms too . 
  christmas is great with our darkness giving the chance for the lights to make a greater impact . 
  of course that is the great questions the australians get asked : what is it like having christmas during the summer ? 
  again , to them it is perfectly normal . 
  having it in the middle of winter would feel odd to them . 
  so wherever you live , the conditions you live in are normal and it is everywhere else that is strange . 
  we have politicians . 
  you only ever see them around election times . 
  anyone from the rest of ireland has had similar experiences , so you are ok . 
  an alternative is to come live here for 5 years and get citizenship that way . 
  who knows , you might even end up on a eurovision jury and could encourage them to vote for the uk . 
  ah , spain . 
  well we are ahead of you on that list , whether that is a good or bad thing . 
  i 've been to spain , though not barcelona . 
  it is meant to be one of the nicest cities in spain . 
  i was on a stag weekend in madrid in 2005 , so we did have a few beers !, 
  `` here '' being where ? 
  if bars are open for longer than two hours , they 'll stay there . 
  young irish people may try to drink a lot , as young people from anywhere do , but more mature people do n't do so , for the most part . 
  which country are you referring to , as it is obviously not andorra , which does n't even appear on that list ? 
  why did you bring in the british , when my post was talking about ireland ? 
  wherever you are talking about , irish people do n't do the `` let 's try and drink as much beer as possible in two hours '' either . 
  it would be a good thing , because they are making a mistake . 
  do n't forget too , that theresa may wanted to stay in the eu . 
  they messed up by not putting enough work into canvassing for a vote to stay in the eu . 
  so then , though she does n't want to , she has to lead the united kingdom out of the eu . 
  a mind controlling alien would not be needed to change the result . 
  all it needs is common sense . 
  unfortunately that appears to be lacking . 
  yes our pubs are great , for both drinkers and non-drinkers . 
  i know lots of non-drinkers that go to pubs and have non-alcoholic drinks , because they love the atmosphere . 
  so yes , you would like the pubs here . 
  being drunk is just a stereotype , but some irish people do drink heavily . 
  as i said earlier , the culture with alcohol in northern europe is different than you would find in southern europe . 
  some american phrases cross the atlantic , just like some from britain and ireland go the other direction . 
  we get a lot of american tv here , which is one way they make that journey . 
  i am from ireland and drink too , so i am familiar with pubs in ireland and i 've been in pubs in many parts of britain . 
  as i keep saying they are not radically different , but they are different . 
  one thing is the people . 
  we are slightly more relaxed and easy going and you notice that in the pubs . 
  we both love our few pints and get on well , but there are some differences . 
  our attitudes to alcohol are similar too . 
  one noticeable different thing is how the british tend to go home a bit earlier . 
  i 've experienced this with british friends visiting here in ireland and while visiting britsh friends of mine in britain . 
  part of it is from the legacy of earlier closing times that britain used to have , but it is more than that . 
  i 've been out with british friends , both in ireland and in britain , and suddenly they 'll get up to leave , while us irish are thinking `` why are you leaving this early ? 
  sure things are only warming up . '', 
  it does n't always happen and there are some that will stay later and there are irish people that head home early , but it definitely does happen more with british people than irish people . 
  you could be having a good night and they seem to be really enjoying it all , and then suddenly they leave . 
  that is not a criticism , but it is a difference . 
  as to pubs themselves , there are some differences in the system . 
  there is the brewery system in britain , where many of the pubs are owned by the breweries and mainly sell their wares . 
  irish pubs are more like the so-called `` free houses '' in britain . 
  one resulting difference is that in a pub in britain , you might be out and get a really nice drink and when you go to the next pub , they do n't sell it at all , because it is run by a different brewery . 
  as a result there is a much narrower range of drinks that you could get in almost any pub , compared to ireland . 
  in ireland , there is a core range of drinks that you can get in almost every pub in the country . 
  guinness is of course the obvious one , but there are many others . 
  there are a few specialist pubs and micro-breweries where they only have certain beers and not the regular well-known brands , but in the vast majority of pubs you do n't have to worry about them not having your favourite . 
  another impact of the brewery system is the pubs are more `` branded '' in nature . 
  they are almost like franchises in some cases , which restricts them a little . 
  there is a bit more flexibility in pub styles in ireland . 
  sure we have some that are very similar and we now have the likes of weatherspoons starting up here too , but many pubs in ireland are very unique in character , some famously so . 
  so while we are closer to each other than we are to drinking establishments and cultures in other countries , we are still different . 
  i like going to britain and meeting friends and relations there and going out for a few drinks and i enjoy it when i do , but the pubs and the nights out are different . 
  as i mentioned above , it is not a criticism , just an observation . 
  it is good that we are different and it is good to go out and find something different on a night out in britain than in ireland . 
  it is good for the tourists we both get too . 
  in a vast amount of ways , ireland and britain are similar but not the same , including our pubs and drinking culture . 
  now , if you ever come to dublin we can go out here and discuss this more , and if you are in britain and i am ever in your area , we can do the same . 
   you would n't even be able to tell the difference if the pubs were empty that is exactly it . 
  if they are empty they are not much different , bar the decor and the way pubs are named . 
  however , it is the people in the irish pubs that make the big difference . 
  that is why the irish pubs in other countries are n't the same . 
  they may have all the decor and the brands of alcohol served in ireland and music playing in the background , but they are still not quite the same when most of the people there are not irish . 
  in the same way , a traditional english pub in another country is n't the same as a pub in england either .
