  it is our diversity that is our strength . 
  it is what has made a relatively small part of the planet have such a wide influence around the world through modern history , and even ancient history . 
  co-operation , not integration , is what we need to get the best out of us all . 
  well if you consider that the op 's mention of `` football '' would be referring to soccer , then it is gaelic football . 
  after that , it would be hurling . 
  some very busy weekends coming up now in both of those sports , starting with two double-headers in croke park next weekend . 
  the very concept of being fined or arrested for crossing the street would seem absolutely crazy here . 
  i put a thread up here about this last year . 
  in dublin it is very easy to spot the tourist . 
  with not a car in sight to be seen , looking left or right , they will still stand there waiting for a signal light to cross . 
  irish people will cross when there is no traffic coming , and indeed when there is traffic coming . 
  this was the thread i put up about this : [ germans and other continentals europeans - why wo n't you cross the street when there is no traffic coming ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/59a9dh/germans_and_other_continentals_europeans_why_wont/ ), 
  the president is technically apolitical . 
  the president accepts resignations of governments and gives out seals of office . 
  it is up to elected members to form a government . 
  a president does not participate in that process . 
  as people are saying , monarchs are not elected , so presidents are more democratic . 
  having a head of state to represent a country and someone else to look after the politics of running it is better . 
  they are different roles , so best kept separate . 
  the president can do a few official political things , like signing bills into law , so they are not always completely ceremonial . 
  it all works well , as in here in ireland . 
  still mainly cash in ireland , though a lot more contactless payments now , and it is growing . 
  i have started using contactless payments a lot more this year , but still use cash a lot too . 
  you occasionally see them at gaelic football and hurling matches in ireland , usually when things have slowed up a bit or there is less excitement due to something like one team being way ahead . 
  well the food is mainly still of its nationality being from the same recipe . 
  it might be cooked a little different , or some of the ingredients are not quite the same taste or quality , but it is essentially the same recipe . 
  so that could be legitimately be still described as italian , chinese or whatever . 
  however if you take the recipe and then change all the ingredients , or at least some of the key ones for something very different , and cook them in a different way , then it is certainly not what it was . 
  so like i said in my post , if you change all the aspects that make the person what they are with completely different things , then they are not what they were . 
  so someone educated in an american school instead of an irish school is like having an apple pie where all the apples are replaced with turnips . 
  the person is still educated , like the pie is still a pie , but it 's not an apple pie anymore , is it ? 
  replacing the things that make someone irish with corresponding things that make someone american and then saying they are still irish is n't the case . 
  turnip pie might be a pie and be delicious , but it still is n't an apple pie . 
  we are not annoyed about it . 
  as many people have pointed out , some americans claim to be some authority on somewhere or some aspect of identity based on their ancestors . 
  their ancestors usually left a very different country to the one they are visiting , so that previous knowledge or perception or stereotype is usually far off what they discover on visiting the country . 
  when a person steps off a plane at dublin airport , the first person in their family to do so for generations , and then declares `` i am irish '' , it sounds a bit silly . 
  that ancestor was irish because they were born in ireland , lived in ireland , grew up in ireland , were educated in irish schools , experienced irish culture firsthand , spent irish money , read/listened to/watched irish media , worked in ireland and so on , before at some point in their adulthood leaving for the us . 
  right from their first born child after arriving in the us , all of those things could be applied to that child in terms of america . 
  so the very things that made that ancestor irish are the very things that make that person stepping off the plane american . 
  yes , they would have experienced some irish things through their ancestors passing things down , more than their friend down the street with no irish connections whatsoever , but it is still not the same as actually being irish and having all of those things firsthand . 
  whatever about what they experience and know through their ancestry , most of what they experience in their day to day lives is american . 
  what that person stepping off the plane should be saying is not `` i am irish '' or `` i am one eighth irish '' etc. , but something like `` i am an american , but i had an ancestor that was irish '' . 
  whatever about what your great-great-grandmother may have been , you are american . 
  it is not your genetics that 100 % decides who you are . 
  tell us who your ancestor was and also who and what you are . 
  celebrate your irish ancestry by all means , or whatever nation ( s ) it is of , and come and explore it and see where those people came from and meet some relatives living in those countries and experience the culture and all that , but do n't forget that you yourself are american , and have your pride in that . 
  you can still get all that kind of information without going into the air , especially nowadays . 
  some delays are predictable , because of known issues like roadworks , or it being a holiday weekend or rush hour . 
  people can also now directly report an issue by phone/text/tweet to the relevant authorities . 
  police monitor these things too . 
  around the bigger cities there are lots of [ fixed cameras ] ( https://www.dublincity.ie/dublintraffic/ ) on well known bottlenecks or on some of the major routes in and out of the cities . 
  with all of those sources , who needs a helicopter ? 
  we used to have `` the eye in the sky '' also know as the `` aa sky patrol '' in the 1990s here , a helicopter run by the automobile association and a radio station that reported on what it could see , but with all of those other sources becoming available then , it basically became redundant . 
  news is `` entertainment '' in a lot of instances in the us , a lot more sensationalised and tabloid in nature . 
  a real car chase is often treated like one in a tv show . 
  the presenters often seem to pass remarks on stories rather than reporting them . 
  news in ireland is delivered in a much more journalistic way . 
  we do n't have a 24 hour news channel . 
  we are a small country after all . 
  newsreaders are n't all completely serious and there is some light-heartedness in some programmes , but it is still very different than the way news in delivered in the us . 
  we get some in ireland , often set by farmers trying to clear land of heather , scrub , bushes etc. 
  this happens during the summer months , though they are of course not meant to do it . 
  normally they are in remote areas and do n't threaten homes , so it is not like in some countries where you have huge fires threatening property and homes . 
  canadians and americans sound alike . 
  however , you can pick some regional accents in american accents , like from the southern states . 
  australians and new zealanders can sound alike . 
  sometimes a south african accent can even be a bit like an australian one . 
  in terms of you direct question , it is easy to tell the difference between american/canadian and australian/new zealand accents though , even if you were n't sure of which country in the particular pair they were from . 
  so you 'd know the new zealander certainly was n't american or canadian , though you would not be certain if they were from new zealand or australia . 
  very good . 
  no big hurling matches this weekend , but there are two next weekend . 
  two big gaelic football ones on today , one of which i am going to . 
  dublin v kildare is the one i am going to , while tyrone v down is the other . 
  our bedroom doors are lockable , but we do n't lock them . 
  the keys are n't even in them . 
  they are around somewhere . 
  it is just pure coincidence that around the time of this thread that there was a toe-stubbing incident and a bottle broke in my house . 
  as you say , these things do n't happen that often . 
  i do n't wear my shoes for the purpose of avoiding injuries , but it is one advantage . 
  in terms of cleanliness , not much dirt comes in from outside on shoes . 
  there are mats outside to clean shoes if they are excessively dirty . 
  in any house , whether people wear shoes or not , there is going to be dirt and there is going to be some cleaning done . 
  whether that dirt originates from inside or outside , it will be cleaned in whatever cleaning process you use and how regularly you do it . 
  so it is not a major problem that makes extra work . 
  for me , on an average day my shoes go on when i am getting dressed and stay on all day until i am going to bed . 
  there may be some exceptions and i do have slippers that i wear sometimes , but for the most part it is shoes on all day . 
  following on from the aforementioned toe-stubbing incident my wife had last night , we had another incident these evening . 
  my 3 year old son managed to knock a cough medicine bottle onto the floor , which promptly shattered . 
  we cleaned it all up of course . 
  however , there is always that possibility that somewhere on the floor there is still a tiny piece of glass that could get into a little or big foot . 
  with shoes on though , the danger of it doing any harm is eliminated . 
  no , i do n't live in a cave . 
  however , as we all know , items do get left on the floor or fall on it and it is possible to stand on them or hit a toe off something . 
  we 've all trod on things at some point or other , or hit a foot off something accidentally . 
  without protection , that can be painful . 
  as for washing feet and changing footwear , they can still be in a bit of a state after a long walk , or on a hot day , no matter what they were like at the start of the day . 
  no problem . 
  you are not the only one .
