  good luck . 
  you have n't said you would n't let them have their belief , but you seem strong in your conviction that they are incapable of any logical thought in other areas . 
  of course they are . 
  you ca n't dismiss them over one area of opinion and say that means they will be illogical in all other areas . 
  as for your final point there is a big difference between wanting to exterminate a wide range of society and wanting to do good for all people . 
  in any case , not all religious people are as extreme in their beliefs as nazis . 
  most lead very ordinary lives and their beliefs do n't interfere with anyone . 
  your obsession with them being wrong seems greater than theirs with them being right . 
   you 're more fundamentalist than they are . 
   most people would just let them believe what they want and move on . 
  it seems , ironically enough , that you are thinking more about it than your `` friend '' would . 
  there are loads of other things to discuss and agree about . 
  maybe you are sports-mad and have friends who have no interest in it , or maybe you have a friend who loves coin-collecting , something you have no interest in . 
  for him , you getting excited about a group of guys kicking a ball around is totally crazy , but he would n't let it get in the way of your friendship . 
  it would n't be a case of `` dermac loves sport , so i can never ever be friends with him , because all sports are stupid and boring . '', 
  he 'll just talk about something else with you . 
  you 'll only have those differences if you are talking about them . 
  if you are talking about that recent big sports event or the movie you 'd like to go and see or where you are going on your holidays next year or the new flatscreen tv you saw on sale etc. 
  then religion is n't going to come into it . 
  this friend would know you are not into religion and so would n't talk to you about it . 
  you 've no interest in religion yourself , it would appear , so you are unlikely to be bringing up the subject either . 
  lots of very good friends have things that they know to never discuss with each other and so it never gets in the way of their friendship . 
  you might . 
  it is a bit of a sweeping statement to say you could not be friends with a religious person . 
  you may have one area that is not common ground , but in many other ways have things in common or interest . 
  i am sure you do n't 100 % agree with all your friends about everything . 
  there may even be some of them that are religious and you do n't know . 
  no problem whatsoever . 
  if you are not religious , it does n't mean this person is going to try and convert you . 
  if they do , or try to continually push their beliefs onto you , that might be difficult . 
  you could tell them to stop and that could be the end of it and you would get on fine after that . 
  if they are someone that goes to their church every week and does n't push their beliefs onto everyone , then that is fine . 
  that is the way most religious people are . 
  they get on with their life as normal , amongst believers and non-believers . 
  they are likely to be a good person , so there should n't be an issue there . 
  there are certainly worse things they could be . 
  i think it would be more a case of not wanting le pen , than wanting macron . 
  whatever they may think of him , if a vote for macron keeps le pen out , then many will vote that way . 
  it seems to be coming up right across europe , but describing yourself as irish , even fractionally so , should n't be done . 
  your ancestor ( s ) may have been irish , and it is ok to acknowledge that , but you are n't . 
  be proud of your irish heritage and your interest in it , but remember where you come from yourself and acknowledge that too . 
  tying ireland too much in with the british , like saying we are british , or asking about `` our '' queen are not good . 
  we are an independent republic with our own head of state , parliament etc. 
  still on the same theme , talking about the war in ireland or your support for the ira is n't good either . 
  so going to the other extreme and thinking we all hate the british with a vengeance is n't right either . 
  the truth lies in between . 
  we have long and many strong ties with the british . 
  we hate them in a friendly way and it is n't reciprocated . 
  their corresponding `` hate '' is usually aimed at the germans or french , again in a fun way . 
  a visitor to ireland should know about the rounds system for drinks and how to participate in it . 
  as a visitor they will often have the first drink bought for them , but at the correct trigger point , which is usually when the first person finishes their drink , they should at least offer to buy the next round . 
  do n't go around using terms like `` begorrah '' . 
  nobody in ireland says that . 
  nobody in ireland says `` top of the morning to you '' either . 
  it may have been said in some obscure movies in hollywood , but certainly not on this side of the atlantic . 
  it is ok to mention your ancestry , but do it like `` my great-great-great-grandmother was irish '' as opposed to `` i am irish '' and do n't mention fractions . 
  if you acknowledge your own nationality and say that it was your ancestor that was irish , you 'll be fine . 
  there is a scottish parliament , a northern ireland assembly and a welsh assembly . 
  those are not affected by the upcoming election . 
  the election is for the westminster parliament which has representatives for the whole of the united kingdom . 
  the others have their own elections at different times . 
  people who hold seats in westminster do n't hold them in the local entity and vice versa . 
  for example , the northern ireland assembly has 90 seats . 
  westminster elects 18 mps from northern ireland , completely separate and at different times to the election for the assembly . 
  so the elections are for completely different things . 
  it is one national election as opposed to four regional ones , as it were . 
  you probably have equivalent structures where you are . 
  as u/rainymeadow says , england , wales and scotland are individual countries in their own right , whereas the others are just regions . 
  britain is an island , and along with northern ireland the four elements form a union . 
  the united kingdom is complicated , as sometimes it is one country and sometimes it isnt . 
  if you are to use the united kingdom example , talking about catalonia or wallonia would be equivalent to doing something like yorkshire or cornwall having an international team , not england , wales and scotland . 
  ireland is my mother and fatherland , and that 's all that matters . 
  i rely on public transport , i do n't even have a car . 
  so i have a particular interest in this . 
  yes , it is good that you can avoid a 3 hour walk . 
  you should have better public transport , we all should . 
  so i agree with you , yes , i agree with you . 
  what sort of tirrade would i have got if i did n't ? 
  all i was saying was about the people who were complaining in those news reports about having short walks , not people who need it badly and it would genuinely discommode , as they have very long distances to travel . 
  there were ones who had easily got to their destinations by walking , complaining about having walked 30 minutes , putting themselves on a par with those that were unable to make it at all , due to them having bus journeys that would be hours long . 
  so you had people with the simplest alternative of all which they had used successfully to get to their destinations , complaining as much as those who had no alternative at all and had been unable to get to their destinations . 
  they looked ridiculous . 
  pointing that out is not patronising and not saying we do n't have a problem . 
  hopefully you will get the public transport you need so that you can leave your car at home and get to your preferred destination in a timely manner . 
  hopefully others who genuinely need it will too . 
  so i agree with you , got it ? 
  i agree with you . 
  calm down man . 
  i agree with you about the quality of public transport , as i said regularly in my posts , so relax . 
  what happened that has you in such a state ? 
  did you miss your bus this morning or something ? 
  yes , you are right , spiddal to the far side of galway is no little walk , but a 30 minute one is . 
  people were moaning in those reports , some of them justifiably , because they had the long distances , but others just looked plain stupid to be moaning about a 30 minute walk . 
  they could spend half that waiting for the bus in the first place and the bus might then take another 10 or 15 minutes to go that distance , so they 'd nearly break even . 
  there 's people that would n't walk knocknacarra to salthill , never mind to eyre square . 
  spiddal to oranmore requires some sort of transport , but some of the moaners about 30 minute walks made it sound like they had to run up mount everest . 
  yes i completely agree with you that public transport is bad and needs improvement but there are still lazy so and sos who would n't walk as far as they could spit , if they could at all avoid it !, 
  i am saying we do need better public transport , even for short distances . 
  i was just saying how ridiculous it was for people to be moaning about having to make short trips on foot . 
  of course it would be better to have the buses back on , but to listen to the way some of them were moaning was incredible .
