  more general things like food , weather , culture etc. 
  may come into your decision-making too . 
  so you need to do a lot of research and think long and hard about it and maybe just come for a short period , like at least 3 months , to see what it is like , before commiting yourself to a longer term move . 
  there are a lot of countries in europe , all very different in many ways so you would want to narrow it down a lot before deciding where you want to go . 
  once you are down to a few countries , then you could go about seeing what visa information or job information you need in each and then you can compare and contrast and see what would be best . 
  indeed . 
  `` chicks with sticks '' can be dangerous . 
  for our other readers , camogie is the version of hurling played by women , which have few rule differences . 
  so you never use a hoover . 
  you 've got that backwards . 
  the sport of hurling - amusingly described as a cross between hockey and murder , but more poetically as the riverdance of sport . 
  yes . 
  london and toronto , both in ontario in 2002 , spending a week in each . 
  we went to visit niagara falls of course . 
  it was my first trans-atlantic trip , though i 've been to the us twice since . 
  there 's a good chance i will go to canada again . 
  there is no `` consider '' about it . 
  it * is * a country . 
  it would seem very restrictive to allow only one brand of car . 
  it is the the type of thing the eu would have rules against . 
  anyway volvo may be the `` safest '' , but it does n't mean that others are n't more than safe for officials . 
  it is one of those questions where all of them are the right answer . 
  so maybe look at some practicalities , like cost and convenience in getting to the places in keeping with the other places you are going to . 
  maybe even forget thinking of countries and look at actual places that you want to go to and see where that takes you . 
  paris is obviously a major city for visitors , so that might swing you towards france for example , but it is up to you . 
  maybe use the rail ticket and see where it works for and plan a route that way . 
  pull out a map and have a look . 
  just use a little imagination . 
  europe is a continent , with many countries in it , not to be confused with the european union , an organisation that has some of the countries of europe as members of it . 
  first and foremost i am irish . 
  ireland is a european country , so by default i am european too . 
  if i am outside europe and someone asks what i am or where i am from , i 'll tell them i 'm irish . 
  fanta is ok . 
  i drink it . 
  however , if you ever come to ireland , then try club orange . 
  it has a much fuller flavour and fanta seems a bit watery compared to it . 
  well it is not what i consider a tornado that matters , but what the experts consider to be a tornado . 
  they do have tornadoes in england and some have overturned cars . 
  actually , england has quite a high amount of tornadoes , so it depends on where you are . 
  irish and british weather can indeed be boring , but there are excitements that we are glad we are without . 
  yep , afraid so . 
  after dropping the chainsaw requirement , they wanted to make it more difficult . 
  there is an appeal by the existing members , due to be voted on next week . 
  the proposal is to drop the polish , replace it with finnish , bring back the head chainsaw and have another just under the groin . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  my friend is voting yes . 
  so hold off until next week . 
  well how else can he keep them warm ? 
  to join the club , you have to meet their criteria . 
  you have to be fluent in polish , french and at least seven central african tribal languages . 
  you also have to be able to recite the full works of shakespeare in korean , backwards , while balancing a 6 foot christmas tree on your left nostril . 
  you 're lucky . 
  when my friend joined last year , they still had the requirement that your little toes were secured in a clamp , and having your head half an inch above a working chainsaw . 
  they should have at least tried the treatment , though it is too late now and they have withdrawn the request . 
  it was n't going to save him , but no harm in trying it out . 
  they could have learned a lot that might help others in the future . 
  some would argue that it was not fair on him and that he would die anyway . 
  still , they could have done . 
  speaking personally , i have a condition that it is fatal and could kill me at any moment . 
  all my family have it . 
  nothing can save me but people have never given up on me and will strive to keep me alive as long as possible , as they could have done for charlie . 
  my condition is called immortality . 
  the british version would probably make him watch `` big brother '' or `` britain 's got talent ( * but none of it is on this show * ) '' . 
  now that would be cruel !, 
  go out and buy lots of them , eat them and enjoy them . 
  it wo n't change your nationality , just your waistline . 
   when americans say something like `` i 'm french '' they usually just mean they have french ancestry . 
  well then they should say `` i am an american and i have french ancestry . '', 
  there is nothing wrong with that and it is accurate . 
  it is not a sin . 
  it might make you an expert in all these things . 
  what it wo n't make you is french or polish or whatever nationality you study . 
  that is something reserved for your particular ancestor and the french and polish . 
  you are an american . 
  studying all of those things and being an expert in them wo n't change who you are . 
  the world 's greatest expert in pre-historic man is not a pre-historic man , though some of his ancestors were . 
  by all means study them , become an expert , come and visit or even live in the country , but you will still be 100 % american . 
  it was your ancestors that were of that nationality , because that is where they came from , not you . 
  the things that made them that nationality , like being born there , growing up there , educated there , immersed firsthand in the culture , reading their newspapers , spending their money etc. 
  do n't apply to you . 
  those things apply to you in being an american . 
  embrace your ancestry as much as you want , we have no problem with that whatsoever and would welcome it , but never forget who you are . 
  you would not be french or polish . 
  you would be an american , who is an expert on all things french and polish . 
  this question , again !!!!, 
  shoes , everywhere , except in bed or in the bath or such places . 
  yes , but they are just states , not countries . 
  the usa is one country . 
  the states prior to that do n't all have individual histories in the way europe 's countries do . 
  people like to compare the usa and the eu or some federal europe , but they are not the same . 
  yes , but you should have all voted to stay and work to change from within . 
  maybe you still will stay . 
  hopefully not . 
  brexit is an issue that should make the eu look at itself . 
  there are reasons they voted to leave , some which even many other countries would have sympathy with and corresponding feelings in their own country . 
  the uk wants to maintain its independence , as most countries do . 
  they want to work with other countries , but with flexibility to do their own thing . 
  we should work together , but maintain our independence . 
  we do n't need a federal europe to have better working relationships . 
  europe is too diverse to have a `` one size fits all '' system .
