  so for students , it is the biggest thing in their life so far and they see it as deciding their future . 
  it is really the american establishment that people have the problems with , those responsible for the things that others hate , like the foreign policy . 
  those establishment people do n't come on here , so others get it in the neck . 
  in real life these things are discussed in a different way , as people have n't the anonymity of the internet to hide behind . 
  then you get the non-political things , like the often discussed thing of americans describing themselves as being the nationality of the country their ancestors came from . 
  there can be the certain amount of ignorance of the diversity of europe , the whole europe is one country misconception , leading to questions that americans think have one answer to , not one answer for every country . 
  the usa is one country with 50 states , whereas as europe is one continent with about 50 countries . 
  our american friends tend to have the habit of comparing america on a par with europe . 
  it would be like us talking of all of north america and south america as being the same throughout . 
  generally we do like americans , and we have a bit of fun giving them a hard time here , especially as many americans take things very literally . 
  that sometimes makes it a bit harder to have fun with them , as they do n't always realise that we are not being serious . 
  this is even more the case for us irish with our sense of humour . 
  maybe , but you 've no problem filling croke park on all-ireland final days , whereas spare seats on fai cup final day in the much smaller lansdowne road are easy to come by . 
  there 's nothing like the buzz of a big gaa match day . 
  we 've had a few great days already this summer , with more to come over the next few months . 
  there really is nothing like it . 
  scotland is an actual country though . 
  it is this that confuses our american friends in particular over united kingdom , england , britain , scotland , wales , republic of ireland , northern ireland , the british isles and all that . 
  ye ca n't decide yourselves , like the united kingom being a country one day , and then on another day , it is all independent countries . 
  england can play scotland in one sport , while britain plays in other sports . 
  you can be scottish and be british , though funnily enough nobody is ever united kingdomish . 
  the isle of man is in the british isles , but is not part of the united kingdom . 
  then you 've got ulster and northern ireland , the republic of ireland and \u00c9ire , not to mention ireland . 
  hours of fun trying to work it all out . 
  that 's before we even get on to europe and the european union !, 
  scotland has shinty , which is a similar game . 
  it is not the same as hurling though . 
  the two sports come together to play a sort of compromise rules version , and have a few international matches each year between each other . 
  they take rules from both games . 
  the hurling players stick with their style of stick and the shinty players play with their ones . 
  it looks a bit funny to see rival teams using different equipment and of course the sport is a little unusual when you are just used to the rules of one of them . 
  i 've seen these matches when they 've been played in ireland . 
  the two biggest sports in ireland are [ gaelic football ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teabwrdb9xu ) and [ hurling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i3-qk7fneq ) . 
  on the day of the all-ireland football final and on the day of the all-ireland hurling final , both days being in september , croke park is filled to its capacity of 82,300 people . 
  around ireland and the world , people watch and listen . 
  the players are heros , idols , role-models , fantastic sportsmen and women , and ... amateur . 
  as you will see from the videos , they are tough games , but players play with a passion that no pay day can get . 
  they usually play for the same teams throughout their time involved in the sport and it is usually their local team , so they have a particular connection to the team . 
  the only comparison in other sports is when a person is chosen for their national team . 
  that brings out a certain pride and passion that playing for any other team just ca n't get . 
  your average professional moves from one team to another , and has no true alleigiance to the team , unless it was his boyhood team . 
  there is no transfer market in gaelic football or hurling . 
  you have to see a gaelic football or hurling match live to really appreciate this connection they have to their teams , and the connection the fans have . 
  naturally there is some money in the sport , but players are not paid to play , so money goes to funding the groundroots and things that are needed to maintain the sport . 
  the organisation that runs the two sports is the gaelic athletic association , commonly known by its initials as the gaa . 
  the gaa is supposed to be the largest amateur sporting organisation in the world . 
  it is an organisation at the ground level in local communities , part of the fabric of irish society . 
  there are thousands of gaa clubs around ireland , most with many teams for different age categories and genders . 
  the gaa clubs are much more than sports . 
  they are focal points of the local community , with their facilities being used for all sorts of events . 
  professionalism has spoiled many sports , but gaelic football and hurling are still holding out and hopefully always will . 
  the sport of [ hurling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i3-qk7fneq ) , the fastest field sport in the world , humourously described as `` a cross between hockey and murder '' and more poetically as `` the riverdance of sport . '', 
  i am another one to have never heard of this , so i do n't celebrate it . 
  there is a children 's programme called [ ben and holly 's little kingdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ben_%26_holly%27s_little_kingdom#characters ) which has a character in it called [ gaston ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/640x360/p032ljjq.jpg ) , who is a male ladybird , acting as a dog-like pet for some characters in it . 
  none on a personal level . 
  it is an organisation that ireland is a member of , like it is a member of many other organisations . 
  i do n't feel a strong personal connection to any of those either . 
  the eu has some benefits , but i am far from being a supporter of some super-state . 
  we are all different and completely independent countries , and that is the way it should always stay . 
  co-operation , not integration . 
  looks like a revenge mirrored attack , though gladly they got the guy who did it . 
  we do n't generally have them , but there are tributes done , like flags at half mast , acknowledgements by silences at sporting fixtures , acknowledgements in d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann - ireland 's parliament - , books of condolences etc. 
  `` war on terror '' is a misnomer . 
  it is a war for terror , as it is creating more of it . 
  ireland is of course famous for guinness , which is brewed in dublin . 
  cork , the second city , has two similar products . 
  they are beamish and murphy 's . 
  guinness is more popular , but the other two have their devotees . 
   well like it or not , not every country can be switzerland and ireland not every country , but some can . 
   did not share in any of destruction or loss we did , not much , but we did . 
  as i said in my last post , many irish people fought in the war and participated in many other ways . 
  many died doing so . 
  we were still a young country , building ourselves . 
  we had a weak economy , not helped by the trade war we were involved in for most of the 1930s , with britain no less . 
  that is not to blame britain , but that is where we were . 
  there were many reasons irish people chose to fight in world war i and ii , but amongst them was employment , as there was little of it in ireland then and for a long time after world war ii . 
  much of the post-war rebuilding of britain was done by irish workers do n't forget . 
  thousands emigrated to britain in the decades before during and after those wars , one of the reasons being because of our economic state . 
  rural ireland was still having electricity rolled out to it well into the 1960s , under our rural electrification scheme . 
  so we were not in a position in the 1930s and 1940s to make major contributions to the war effort in our own right . 
  there was n't much of an irish army to help out , just ordinary irish men , and many of them did exactly that by joining the british army . 
  at an official level we may have been neutral , but many did fight . 
  you also have to understand the historical context in ireland . 
  as i said , we were still a young country . 
  we had gained our independence in 1922 , from britain . 
  rightly or wrongly , but understandibly there were still many people with an animosity towards britain . 
  that does n't mean they supported the germans of course , but many did not want to fight for a country that in living memory had occupied them , and with northern ireland having been created , many saw as still occupying them . 
  from the ordinary people right up to members of the government , there were people who had been involved in the fight against britain and in one way or another had suffered in that period of irish history . 
  for long after world war ii , not many britons would have had any sympathy for germany , and those under the russian influence in eastern europe that had fought against britain in their living memory . 
  not many would have joined the germans in a fight against some enemy had that scenario arisen in the 1940s or 1950s . 
  animosity towards germany lasted in britain for decades after world war ii . 
  where ireland was at in the 1930s and 1940s was a lot fresher than that . 
  our own war of independence against britain and our civil war after independence over the treaty that led to independence were still very relevant in many ways . 
  many of those that did fight for the british army did n't exactly get a warm welcome from other irish people . 
  it was n't exactly a popular to thing to do in those times . 
  many never spoke about it or even let people know they had been in the british army . 
  it is really only in the times of the peace process that some people are more accepting of the sacrifice thousands of irish men made in the two world wars . 
  you are looking at it from an outside perspective , with a simple `` you are either with us or against us '' idea , but there were many dynamics at play then , so it was n't as simple as you may think . 
  go and do a good indepth study of irish history . 
  you could start in 1169 , but it would be sufficient to start in the late 19th century and right through the period of the two world wars , to have some understanding of the context of the time .
