  and another set of 3 called `` what is hurling ? '', 
  doing a search for either of those phrases will get you plenty of other videos giving you information about the sports . 
  you 'll find many great videos , but nothing beats being there . 
  see you in croke park later in the summer !!, 
  well we have a slight lull now after yesterday 's football league finals . 
  unlike soccer in britain , the league is secondary and the cup is the main competition , known as the championship to us . 
  it starts in may and on through to september , when the all-ireland final is . 
  so if you want to see some live games , around july and august are good times to come , as the better teams are left and it is still possible to get tickets . 
  it will be the same with the hurling . 
  its league is nearly finished and then the championship starts in may , finishing in september . 
  there are some saturday games , but most games are on sundays . 
  so if you have some weekends free in july or august , get yourself over here !!, 
  it is one tournament that i usually watch the ending of , loosely following it in the earlier stages . 
  i would n't sit down to watch the whole thing though . 
  in any case , i was at a pair of other sporting events in ireland yesterday , that most people in this forum would not know about : the division one and division two finals of the leagues in gaelic football . 
  there was about 53,000 people in attendance , so a big event for us in ireland . 
  it is big in ireland , as horse racing is big in ireland . 
  we train and breed some great racehorses . 
  the winning jockey today was irish . 
  many people place bets on it , people that would not bet on any other race in the entire year . 
  so it is a big thing for bookmakers , like their christmas day . 
  ireland also has a grand national , which is always run on easter monday . 
  it is not quite the same as the grand national in england . 
  i like watching it . 
  i was out today , but i recorded it and watched it when i got home . 
  we had a sweepstakes in our workplace . 
  my horse was amongst the leaders for a lot of the race , but it did n't win . 
  as an irishman , yes , i am nationalist . 
  my country is important to me . 
  stay . 
  people still watch , but often because it is so bad and not out of genuine interest . 
  it is one of the highlights of the twitter year . 
  it is past its best when the likes of abba won it . 
  even celine dion won it , though she does n't like to talk about it much . 
  for ireland it is special because we lead the rankings with most wins , though the last was in 1996 . 
  another great highlight for ireland was the interval act in 1994 , when the competition was held in dublin . 
  it has to be amongst the greatest 7 minutes of eurovison history . 
  [ riverdance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cou5_c_umts ) . 
  those 7 minutes spawned a show that is still running today . 
  the show is great , but there is nothing like that original performance . 
  after the contest was over there was more talk about the interval act than the show itself . 
  the interval act was often something that no one paid much attention to and used as a time to go and make a cup of tea or coffee before the voting started . 
  that night was different though . 
  a friend of mine was at the dress rehearsal that afternoon and i met him earlier that evening . 
  he told me and a few others to watch the interval act that night . 
  to this day it is still magnificent to watch and the huge response from the audience with their standing ovation is evidence of that initial impact . 
  like in britain , we ask for pints . 
  not much difference really , bar the better quality of our beer . 
   our pubs are better too . 
  europe is diverse , so there are lots of different opinions . 
  some countries are n't going to have as much exposure to it as others . 
  we get some here in ireland , most coming by agreement in various resettlement programmes . 
  there are some against immigrants , but mostly they are welcome . 
  though most do come by agreement , just this weekend a group of [ 14 refugees were found in a refrigerated truck at rosslare ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0402/864620-refugees-rosslare-france/ ) , a port that links to britain and france . 
  the truck had come from cherbourg in france . 
  thankfully all are well . 
  irish naval vessels have been involved in rescue operations in the mediterranean , so that gets positive reviews in terms of their efforts here . 
  they want to leave the european union , not europe , so there is no need to change it on that basis . 
  aldi and lidl are big in ireland . 
  we do a lot of our shopping in aldi . 
  tesco is a british chain of course , and they took over the irish chain quinnsworth in 1997 , to get a major foothold in the irish market . 
  we shop a lot in tesco too . 
  there are lots of small independent international stores from various countries to supply the local immigrant populations , but we never go into any of those . 
  ireland has the added limitation of being an island , so we are not used to driving long distances . 
  i could stay inside for the rest of my life , but that is not practical . 
  in your scenario , your choices are `` do n't go to norway , because i might be killed by a car '' and `` do n't go to norway , because an extremist might say something nasty to me '' . 
  you are worried about the less severe one , to the point of changing your name . 
  stick with your name and go to norway , or lock yourself in your current home in case you get hit by a car . 
  that last option sounds silly , does n't it ? 
  yes , but so does changing your name to go to another country . 
  just go and stop worrying about it . 
  you will enjoy it , and be so busy getting used to your new circumstances , that you wo n't even think about your name . 
  nobody else will either . 
  if you want to follow that line of thinking then a small amount of cars might knock you down while there , so never cross the road . 
  you are overreacting . 
  you are almost subconsciously looking for trouble . 
  you are paranoid . 
  sure , there are difficult people out there , but they are a vast minority . 
  you read about them on the internet . 
  however , you do n't read about the millions of people that do n't have that issue . 
  it is like you will not read a story on the internet that says `` today in norway , millions of people were not involved in traffic accidents '' , but you might see a few stories about the few people that were . 
  if you do see a few stories like that , will that make you think that all drivers in norway are dangerous ? 
  of course not , yet you are thinking like that about right wing extremists . 
  there are more important things to worry about if you are going to a new country . 
  just forget about it . 
  that will make your life easier . 
  sweden . 
  in dublin , every day . 
  it is your name . 
  stick with it . 
  those that would react negatively about it are not worth worrying about . 
  people who will judge you on who you are as a person are the ones that matter . 
  we took great delight at stopping their rugby team 's grand slam and long unbeaten run on saturday . 
  there 's nothing like beating the `` auld enemy '' . 
  no , i do n't hunt or fish . 
  i have no interesting in fishing as it seems such a boring thing to do for one thing , and i do n't agree with hunting . 
  when it comes to fox-hunting , the only vermin are the ones sitting on the back of the horses . 
  dublin officially celebrated its millennium in 1988 , so that would make it officially 1029 years old this year . 
  like any other city , there were people living there long before that . 
  the name dublin comes from the irish name dubh linn , meaning black pool .
