  the baby would not even have been taking up a seat . 
  so the driver was charging an adult fare based on the child 's nationality and this was the policy . 
  i can check this out next month for myself , but i have no reason not to believe it . 
  bulgaria , a country i will be travelling to next month for the first time ever , still has a lot of issues . 
  from what i have heard , there is still a lot of corruption there . 
  there are also simple things , where they are breaking the rules of the eu . 
  for example , i have heard that some buses are charging foreign children the adult fare , while charging local children the normal fare . 
  apparently they even have signs in the buses saying this . 
  that is discrimination and inequality . 
  this is in a tourist area , that i will be visiting , and having small children i will be able to confirm this , but i have it from a reliable source . 
  they have no interest . 
  northern ireland is an itch they ca n't get rid of . 
  one of the biggest searches on google in britain today has been `` who are the dup ? '', 
  that shows how much knowledge and interest the average person in britain has in relation to northern ireland . 
  that would include people who are interested in politics . 
  not to happen at all . 
  after a disastrous election it is a desperate effort to cling to power . 
  normally the parties in northern ireland would n't be given a second thought by westminster . 
  northern ireland has just 18 of the 650 seats in the westminster parliament , so they are practically ignored most of the time ... until today . 
  the full title of theresa may 's party is the conservative and unionist party , but they nearly always refer to themselves as the conservative party . 
  suddenly today though , the full title is being used . 
   lord buckethead , mr fishfinger , monster raving looney party you forgot theresa may . 
  i was lying in bed awake as a teenager on my summer holidays one morning . 
  i felt the bed shake a little for a short period of time . 
  i laughed to myself that i had just survived an earthquake , only to later discover that that is exactly what it was . 
  they are not common or strong in ireland , but we do occasionally get minor tremors such as that one . 
  i 've experienced them since then and one slightly stronger one while on a visit to malawi . 
  even that one was minor enough , not causing any damage or anything like that . 
  as a couple of my compatriots have said , we do have the charge in ireland . 
  it started in 2002 . 
  there is a noticeable drop in the amount of plastic bags around since the charge was introduced . 
  seeing plastic bags caught in bushes and trees is not as common a sight as it once was . 
  most people have reusable bags now , so rarely pay the charge . 
  it is 22c per bag , though some retailers have stopped selling them and instead sell reusable ones for 70c . 
  the 22 cent environmental levy applies only to plastic bags that cost 69 cent or under . 
  if retailers charge 70 cent for a plastic bag , no levy applies and they pocket all the money . 
  if they charge 68 cent , they would have to pay 22 cent in tax , and would only pocket 46 cent from each bag sold . 
  so the advantage of charging 70 cent is obvious . 
  by having your own bag already , you can avoid all of that anyway . 
  that is what most of us do . 
  you 'd certainly have enough to keep you busy for seven days , but it depends what you like to see and it would be nice to get out of the cities a bit . 
  so base yourself for seven days , but maybe see where else you can go as a day trip on some days . 
  for each city , you may already have a few ideas of the things you want to see . 
  a good idea for any city you visit is on the first day , do a bus tour . 
  it 'll give you a quick overview of the city , give you an idea of the layout and where things are in relation to each other and also help you plan a bit for the places you want to see in more detail later in your trip . 
  a lot of those tours are hop-on hop-off , but it might be a good idea to stay on for the full trip so that you see everything and then you 'll have an idea of what to do for the upcoming days . 
  well when you look at what many got away with in the last 10 years , and how others have to pay the price , then you can understand that there is ill-feeling towards them . 
  we have fun listening to people trying to pronounce d\u00fan laoghaire in ireland . 
  it is always written in the irish form , but pronounced in the english form , which is dun leary . 
  the irish pronunciation would be like doon laira . 
  what do you call your left hand ? 
  you probably have more chance of being involved in a traffic accident . 
  so , do n't worry about terrorists , but be careful crossing the road . 
  gaelic football and hurling , our two national sports . 
  gaelic football has been described as a cross between soccer and rugby . 
  hurling has been described as a cross between hockey and murder . 
  more poetically it has been described as the riverdance of sport . 
  we have lots of nice pubs . 
  just avoid the temple bar area . 
  that is for the tourists . 
  us natives generally avoid it . 
  lots of other pubs have tourists too , but they add to the atmosphere , so it is not all bad . 
  move a bit out into the suburbs and there are some nice pubs . 
  a little more awkward for the tourists to find of course . 
  we have several bins , but the black one is the core bin . 
  i do n't eat the middle of an apple , so it generally ends up in the core bin . 
  while it is being led by irish communities around the world , there are more locals with no irish connections becoming players . 
  it is a long way off them getting to a really competitive level , but there are european championship matches , and other such regional tournaments . 
  when tourists come to ireland and see matches , they are always amazed , many not even knowing such sports existed . 
  it is kind of funny to see how they react over seeing what to us experts is only an average quality game . 
  you always feel that it would be great if they saw a really good game . 
  that would totally blow their minds . 
  well , you could start at other levels if you want to get rid of bureaucracy . 
  as to the 28 , they do n't all have to be full ministers . 
  lots of governments have senior and junior ministers , though of course that brings in the problem of who will get the different type of positions . 
  whatever system you have , there is always going to be controversy over how much or little influence different countries have . 
  each country is a member , equally , regardless of their size and population . 
  from giant germany to miniscule malta , all countries have to be given equality in how things are done and their interests are represented . 
  each country should have equal representation . 
  they are all members , whatever their size . 
  there are 28 countries , so there should be 28 representatives . 
  after that , it is up to them working out who should do what jobs . 
  nice idea , but the individual is n't going to be familiar enough with the broad range of talent available . 
  it is hard enough doing it in one country , never mind choosing from 28 . 
  so on that basis it is better for the countries to send their own candidates . 
  i do . 
  still , it is nice to explain what it is . 
  it is a nice suburb . 
  unfortunately , not everyone gets our sense of humour , so we irish have to restrain ourselves on some subs . 
   our dry wit is often taken literally . 
  go to u/ireland or a few others where we can give our sense of humour free reign to see it in full flow . 
  it is just an ordinary suburb , very close to the city , which has the name for historical reasons . 
  all my life right up to this instant has been in the past . 
  yes , we 've won it more times than any country , had individuals that won it more times than any other individual and brought riverdance to the world through it , but it just is n't the same any more . 
  it may be hosted in the usa and have a huge amount of users from the usa , but it is international . 
  there 's a whole big world out here , beyond the confines of the usa . 
  reddit and a lot of its users are very america-centric , like on many other sites , but none of those sites would be what they are without the rest of us . 
  yes , you see that kind of thing a lot , where they presume they have an american audience . 
  like in real life , a lot of stereotypical americans do n't think much about the world outside the usa . 
  so on question sites you get questions like `` who was the president in 1970 ? '',
