  i had a hangover on saturday morning . 
  on saturday night we went out again and again the bars were full . 
  i was a bit more measured in my drinking this time and felt much better on sunday morning . 
  what really surprised me was that when we went out on sunday evening , the city was like a ghost town , with hardly anyone to be seen . 
  sunday night would not be as busy in the pubs in ireland as on friday or saturday , but there would still be a lot of people out . 
  so maybe all the germans were staying at home so as to have a clear head for work on monday morning . 
  again , a demonstration of the disciplined germans . 
   on which lane a car will cross your trajectory plays an important role in estimating whether it is safe to cross or not . 
  yes , it does . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  however , my whole point all along is to ask why , having seen that it is safe to cross by any standard measurement in that there is clearly no vehicles coming from either direction , that some people still wo n't move until they see the green man . 
  yes , sometimes it is like moses and other times no one follows . 
  you are either a pioneer going forth to lead so that others will follow , or a lone crusader feeling rejected by those you hoped to lead . 
  you should still be looking both ways , as you are going to be crossing two lanes of traffic , with traffic coming from both directions . 
  even if you are used to having the traffic coming from the opposite direction in the nearest lane , you should still look both ways . 
  you should do that crossing a one-way street , never mind one with traffic allowed to travel both directions . 
  so although people keep raising it in the the thread , the factor of the traffic driving on the opposite side of the road should be eliminated by looking both ways . 
  do n't people do that when they are in their own countries ? 
  send them to ireland . 
  we 'll give them a pint of guinness , bring them to a good irish pub with lots of music and songs , maybe some dancing , and by the end of the night they 'll already be thinking about how to change the laws in finland . 
  yes , people have a big problem understanding northern ireland . 
  it is often portrayed in simple terms like that . 
  even people in ireland do n't fully understand it . 
  as someone once said : if you think you understand the situation , then you do n't . 
  ireland 's national holiday is st. patrick 's day , on the 17th of march . 
  it does n't have any military connotations . 
  the parades in ireland are a fun thing , not a military display . 
  we do n't have a big army and we are a neutral country anyway . 
  we do n't have an independence day , despite our colonial history . 
  on st. patrick 's day cities and towns all around the country have parades . 
  these would often be music , floats , charities , social organisations , visiting marching bands , national organisations , companies etc. 
  many people spend months beforehand designing their floats . 
  some of the parades have different themes each year , so the participants would follow that theme in their floats or costumes . 
  although we are a nation of only about 5 million people , st. patrick 's day is celebrated around the world . 
  parts of new york are closed down for a massive parade , bigger than the one in dublin . 
  other american cities also have big parades . 
  in some countries the parade happens at the nearest weekend , rather than on the day , but in america and some other countries it is on whatever day st. patrick 's day falls on . 
  at easter , in memory of the easter rising of 1916 , there are some military parades . 
  the rising began on easter monday in 1916 . 
  this year is the centenary , so there were a lot of events of all sorts thoughout the year . 
  up until the mid-1960s there were military parades for the anniversary . 
  when the troubles started in northern ireland , these were scaled back and eventually abandoned . 
  it is only in recent years that they have started back up again . 
  they are not on the scale that military parades are in other countries , given that we have a small military and are neutral . 
  well , we certainly know how to do fun here in ireland !, 
  it is not so much that they are cold , but that they do n't show their emotions as much . 
  the british have the `` stiff upper lip '' for example . 
  us irish are very relaxed about things , compared to some countries . 
  southern europeans are more open with their emotions , even in things like how they greet each other . 
  northern europeans do seem to be a bit more reserved . 
  then you have examples in the more extreme emotional situations . 
  a great example is how you see people from southern parts of europe and particularly places across the middle east , almost wailing uncontrollably when someone dies and at their funerals . 
  people will be just as upset as having lost their loved one in other parts of the world , but much more reserved in their emotions . 
  so at an irish funeral , you would not see the same kinds of emotions as at a middle-eastern funeral . 
  it can even turn into almost a party , becoming the celebration of their life , more than a sombre occasion . 
  maybe it is a cultural thing in different countries , but there certainly is a difference in how people express their emotions around the world . 
  yes , it seems to be more in the northern parts of europe , where people are more regimented . 
  in the southern parts , people are more animated and emotional . 
  i asked an italian friend once , what did she notice different about ireland and italy . 
  she said there were n't as many people beeping their horns on the street . 
  a bit of mediterranean road rage , you could call it . 
  yes , i meant when there is more than enough time to cross , so safe to do so , even at walking speed . 
  of course sometimes the streets are so busy , that cars are stopped or barely moving , so you weave your way through them . 
  well , no matter what country you are in , if there is no traffic to be seen on either side on a long straight street , then it is safe to cross . 
  in those scenarios , there are people who still wo n't move . 
   why do you have the green man at all ? 
  what purpose does it serve if everyone ignores it ? 
  if there is traffic coming , we wo n't ignore it . 
  even when it is green , a car could still come . 
  it is of course a guide as to when traffic should be stopped and it is safe for pedestrians to cross . 
  it is when there is no traffic at all , so it is completely safe , that we would go on a red man . 
  that is the scenario i am talking about . 
  as another poster mentioned , i 've seen lots of people walking calmly and safely across in no danger whatsoever , while a bemused tourist stands there waiting for the green man before even daring to move . 
  in answer to my question , common themes coming up are not knowing the roads and the fact drivers drive on the opposite side in ireland . 
  if you look both ways , which i would even do on a one-way street , you will see what is coming and on which side , so it should n't matter what side the traffic is on . 
  i 've seen it in other countries , where the locals would be used to the traffic and the street itself . 
  also , this is often on completely straight streets with no traffic to be seen whatsoever , not country roads with bends and hills to make it difficult to know if something is coming . 
  if you were to be hit , the vehicle would have to be coming at close to the speed of light for you not to have seen it . 
  so i am talking about situations where it is completely safe , but people will still stand still and not move until they see the green man . 
  i can understand if you had children with you , and you want to set an example , but this is usually grown adults . 
  also , there are no police to be seen , so no danger of being arrested , though i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone being arrested for crossing the street in ireland . 
  so other than the red man , there is no reason not to walk across . 
  maybe they just blow . 
  that sounds more like a fact than an opinion . 
  that 's because they do n't have many hills to get up . 
   the belgian prime minister goes to kill the us president ... ? 
  why ... ? 
  his name is donald trump . 
  of course the belgians would have to join the queue . 
  what do the other 2 % suck ? 
  well if you do n't like any sport you might not like them but for something different , try gaelic football and hurling . 
  gaelic football has been described as a cross between rugby and soccer and hurling has been described as a cross between hockey and murder !, 
  rich people are more adept at avoiding tax . 
  there are also a huge amount of people that pay in the lower tax brackets , so it all adds up . 
  beer is better than tea or coffee . 
  coming from a neutral country , then no . 
  ireland 's military is small and has a long proud reputation for working in peace missions , be it in places like congo or lebanon . 
  we still do that kind of thing . 
  all the countries can co-operate and work together without the need for one combined military . 
  that happens all of the time anyway .
