  `` a hurler on the ditch '' a hurler being someone who plays the sport of hurling , one of ireland 's national sports . 
  check it out on youtube if you 've never heard of it . 
  a thick cork or kerry accent is hard to understand , and a strong accent from belfast would be another . 
  malawi : not the usual kind of country that someone would go to in that it is a low profile country . 
  it is poor , though at least it is peaceful . 
  we 've all seen poverty in foreign countries on tv , but when you are actually standing in the middle of it , it is quite different . 
  there was n't even a famine , just regular poverty , so being in a famine situation would be even worse . 
  everyone should visit a third world country in their lifetime . 
  other than that , it is quite a beautiful country with nice people . 
  canada : lovely country , nice people . 
  israel : interesting because i was in jerusalem around easter/passover , so you could see the jews and christians interracting , and also their individual sects . 
  i was in the old city , so did not see much of modern jerusalem . 
  lots of interesting places , like the dead sea and the galileean countryside which i spent several days walking through . 
  usa : i saw new orleans and upstate new york . 
  new orleans is said to be the most european city in the usa , and there was a lot of that in evidence . 
  it is a lively city , with plenty of street acts , from jazz musicians to dancers to clowns etc. 
  i was there a few months before katrina hit . 
  upstate new york was kind of interesting as i was in a relatively small town , with a lot of typical country people in the bars , even talking about how their girlfriend could shoot a deer from a great distance . 
  not the kind of conversation you 'd hear in dublin , that 's for sure . 
  `` americans '' often think in terms of state to state when comparing to country differences in europe . 
  people from the united states of america in this context , should be thinking of how they are different from paraguay or guyana or canada or nicaragua etc. 
  the usa is one country . 
  the individual states may be different , but that is the equivalent of the regions in any country from europe . 
  the usa is of course much bigger than any european country and some think of europe in terms of a single country , some even believing it is , but there is far more diversity in europe . 
  there are different languages , different cultures different national holidays , different ways of doing things , all of which are radically more different to the differences between states in the usa . 
  you are not comparing like with like until you compare all of north and south america to europe . 
  i am irish and within that i am from dublin , a different county to say cork or leitrim etc. , with people from those counties also being irish . 
  on the other side of the atlantic people are american and say , from idaho , a different state to georgia or nevada etc. , with people from those counties also being american . 
  ireland is very different to other countries . 
  our easy going nature , which has its good sides and bad sides is one example . 
  obviously our culture is quiet different , like our music or sport for example . 
  few outside of ireland have even heard of gaelic football or hurling for example . 
  a lot of europeans that have not been here would have different ideas of what we are like . 
  we are like the british in terms of having the same language , our long historical connection , our proximity and our exposure to many things british , such as their media . 
  the british would not have as strong a tie to ireland though , so we are more influenced by british culture than they are by irish culture . 
  it is a similar relationship to other neighbouring countries where one is more dominant . 
  britain of its nature , is very independent and likes to think of itself in those terms , most recently shown by the brexit referendum . 
  more than any country , ireland will feel the most impact from their departure because of things like our economic ties and shared opinions on things that they will no longer be able to help us with around the tables in the eu . 
  we are independent in our own way . 
  people like the differences here , like how friendly we are which often surprises people . 
  ireland does n't have any real enemies , so generally we have good relationships with other countries , though not great influence . 
  having said that , we have invaded many countries without firing a shot , through our emigrants and being generally welcomed and our people being so good natured . 
  we 've had the `` no blacks , no dogs , no irish '' experiences too , though they are largely in the past . 
  the negative effects of ira terrorism is also largely in the past , with a more positive response to irish emigrants to britain . 
  that whole era was largely misunderstood , with things like people from various countries thinking there was open warfare on the streets and that it was throughout ireland and that they would not be safe here , particularly if they were british . 
  of course all of that was far from the truth . 
  it was written in 1937 , so not very long after a turbulent time in irish history going from the easter rising in 1916 , culminating in irish independence in 1922 , and then followed by a civil war . 
  \u00c9amon devalera was one of the key figures during those events and indeed for a long time after that in irish history . 
  he had a major influence on the new constitution , being the head of government at the time it was written and wanting to bring his own ideology to it . 
  he is regarded as the father of the irish constitution . 
  so it is not surprising that it has a strong nationalist emphasis . 
  article 1 `` the irish nation hereby affirms its inalienable , indefeasible , and sovereign right to choose its own form of government , to determine its relations with other nations , and to develop its life , political , economic and cultural , in accordance with its own genius and traditions . '', 
  the eu should be about co-operation , not integration . 
  the members can work together while retaining their independence . 
  one of the reasons for brexit is that the british felt too much of their sovereignity was being taken from them . 
  the immigration vote in hungary also has an element of that in its result . 
  many people around the eu countries feel like that . 
  they want to work together for mutual benefit , but still be independent countries . 
  europe is very diverse in its various ways and countries want to retain their uniqueness . 
  the two biggest events in the irish sporting calendar took place recently . 
  hurling and gaelic football are our two national sports . 
  the all-ireland hurling final was played on the 4th of september and was won by tipperary . 
  on the 18th of september the all-ireland football final took place . 
  dublin and mayo finished level and the match was replayed on saturday , the 1st of october , so just this weekend . 
  dublin won by 1 point , retaining the title for the first time since 1977 , and winning their fourth title in the last six years . 
  as a dublin fan , i was very happy . 
  the match was played in croke park , a stadium that holds 82,300 people , one of the largest stadiums in europe . 
  all players are amateur . 
  gate receipts go to the grass roots of the game to support it . 
  there is no transfer market . 
  players usually play for the same teams for life , and have a commitment to their teams , much like an international player would have when playing for their country in other sports . 
  they play for clubs , and the best players can get picked for their county . 
  irish people are very relaxed and there is always a good atmosphere at sporting events . 
  at a gaelic football or hurling match , supporters are not segregated . 
  so a supporter of the opposition could be sitting beside you . 
  while you may slag each other during the game or even argue , when the game is over , people will wish other well . 
  i 've been at soccer matches in england and scotland . 
  when an away team scores , a cheer comes from one area of the ground . 
  for me it sounds a bit strange because at a gaelic football or hurling match , whichever teams scores , cheers come from all over the ground . 
  there is never any trouble between fans , with more aggression shown on the pitch than in the stands . 
  other big sports in ireland are much the same , like rugby , soccer , golf , horse racing etc. 
  there is a great atmosphere and people go to enjoy themselves . 
  that is the way sport should be . 
  so if you are ever in ireland , go to a sporting event . 
  if you can , go to a hurling or gaelic football match , as they are very unique . 
  check them out on youtube . 
  they are run by an organisation called the gaelic athletic association , commonly called the gaa in ireland . 
  there is a [ gaa subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaa ) which you can look at . 
  i put some photos from croke park there recently . 
  americans are very puritinical . 
  they are very black and white about things . 
  `` you are either with us or against us . 
  if you do n't agree with us , then you must agree with the other guy . '', 
  there are no grey areas . 
  so any criticism is taken very broadly . 
  a lot of people would disagree with some american politics and policies , but still like other things about america . 
  so , for example , hate of american foreign policy is hate of american foreign policy , nothing else . 
  hate of american foreign policy is not hate of america . 
  i do n't agree with every single policy of my government , but that does n't mean i hate my country and everything about it . 
  do americans that hate some aspects of their government 's policy hate america ?
