  no , obviously not . 
  even most americans would see that , but many ca n't see that when it is outsiders disagreeing with something . 
  so lots of europeans do n't like some things about america , but they still love america . 
  the dish i eat my breakfast and desserts out of . 
  ... and what about the cowboy hat ? 
  feck is a softer version , made famous to a wider international audience by fr . 
  jack in the tv show `` fr . 
  ted '' . 
  in the irish language `` feic '' , pronounced the same , is the verb to see . 
  in the irish language the word for `` word '' is focal , which when pronounced rhymes with buckle . 
  this often gets some amusement . 
  the risk is about the same as dying as a result of a major earthquake in san francisco , while visiting new york . 
  do n't worry , it is the same for the latvians !, 
  come again during the summer . 
  ireland is not that big , so you can even do some day trips to other parts like glendalough , the cliffs of moher , the giants causeway , newgrange and many others . 
  they give you a chance to see other parts of ireland along the way . 
  there are some rugged parts very close to dublin , in the wicklow mountains . 
  from certain parts of o'connell street , the main street in dublin and right in the centre of the city , you can actually see mountains . 
  it would be better to travel around ireland and stay in different places , but even if people do n't feel comfortable travelling around too much , like maybe because of driving on the other side of the road , dublin can be used as a base to see other places by going on guided tours . 
  it is one of the parts of dublin where some wealthy people live , so they value their peace and quiet . 
  does that mean austria is a big minus ? 
  `` guinness light '' , here in ireland in 1979 . 
  convert some money and pay some money into your credit card so that it has a positive balance . 
  if it is in credit , you may not be charged when you use it to withdraw cash . 
  in ireland , most of them are , but not all . 
  the ones that are usually give a bit more detail as to why the current weather is happening . 
  you can come straight here to ireland without going to the uk . 
  so come and see us . 
  well , that 's that so . 
  the uk will be staying as part of europe . 
  that 'd be some earthquake !, 
  in the east of europe . 
  old joke !, 
  the uk is n't going to become part of south america or another continent . 
  it is part of europe , as it always has been . 
  if only european union countries could post here , then we 'd have to ban a lot of countries , saying goodbye to our swiss friends , our norweigian friends etc. 
  anyway , there is an askuk forum here already for the more specific uk questions . 
  there were terrorists on both sides , republicans and loyalists . 
  also the british army were involved . 
  as to ulster being british , only 6 of the 9 counties of ulster make up northern ireland , so ulster is not british . 
  a lot of people in britain do n't understand northern ireland , mainly because of the way it was reported . 
  the problems go well back before the 1960s . 
  you can pick many dates , going as far back as 1169 , but we have n't time for a lesson of 847 years of irish history . 
  let 's take it in different terms , something you might be able to identify with a little easier . 
  say , before the end of world war ii , the germans had managed to invade england and take over a region of it . 
  they then planted many germans there and took over the running of it , setting up a local government . 
  after the war , as part of the treaties , that part of england would have remained under german control . 
  they then discriminated against the english that were living there through denying them or making it more difficult to get jobs , housing , voting rights etc. , while favouring the germans . 
  eventually at some point the locals would have said they had enough of this and tried protesting and when those protests were crushed , they 'd have stepped it up another gear , into violence . 
  you 'd have got an era ( english royalist army ) . 
  they may have even gone to germany itself and planted a few bombs there . 
  some locals in that part of england would have supported them and others would n't . 
  the germans living there would in turn have fought back and got some tacit support from the german government , in secret . 
  english people in other parts of england would have also wanted the germans out and some of them would have supported the era , while others would n't . 
  many would support the cause of the terrorists in the era , though not their methods . 
  germans in germany would have wanted the government forces to have driven the terrorist horde back to england where they belong and declared that that part of england was and should forever remain german , to coin a phrase . 
  the analogies here are obvious . 
  the same kind of thing is happening now in many parts of the world too . 
  maybe you 'd have supported and even joined the era , maybe you 'd have agreed with their cause but not their actions , or maybe you 'd have thought they were completely wrong and were absolute scum without a single redeeming quality , to coin a phrase , and maybe you 'd have even thought that the germans were right and accepted that the germans should keep that part of england , while maybe hoping in the future that england would be re-united . 
  think about it a little . 
  not really . 
  people in europe tend to associate themselves first with their country , rather than their continent . 
  that may be a bit moreso with the british , but other people around europe would also feel their identity and alleigance relates to their country . 
  given the three nations on the island , would you distill it down further to say you feel english , scottish or welsh , or leave it at british ? 
  we irish are good friends with everyone . 
  if you want laid back , then there is no better place than ireland . 
  aye , i did , many times , hi , and to douglas too and st. helier , but i did n't include them either . 
  we do n't want to confuse our american friends too much with uk/british isles/britain/great britain/crown dependencies/ireland/northern ireland/southern ireland/republic of ireland / \u00c9ire / england/scotland/wales and whatever your having yourself !, 
  the locals get confused enough , never mind anyone else !, 
  * dublin ( home ) * london * edinburgh * paris * rome * brussels * madrid * prague as one to visit , perhaps vienna . 
  it is what tourists do . 
  you are seeing it in tuscany ... because you live in tuscany . 
  you are seeing it from north europeans , because that is where they go . 
  go to any city and you will find this . 
  just the place and the nationalities change . 
  when those people go home they will return to being their normal well-behaved selves and will probably be giving out about tourists visiting their town interfering with their daily lives . 
  `` those noisy italian tourists are so annoying !!! '', 
  they 'll be telling their friends , talking about the normality they encountered after returning from their wonderful holiday in tuscany , where they had so much fun . 
  this is a big move that you seem very under-prepared for . 
  you do need to do a lot of research . 
  you may have seen `` in bruges '' and a lot of other movies and things about europe , but you will be moving to reality . 
  a movie or even a visit to a place is completely different than having to live there . 
  wipe your mind clear of what you imagine it to be like and get working on the realities . 
  wherever you go , you still have the problems of getting through daily life . 
  they will come with you . 
  it wo n't be a holiday . 
  you need to sit down and assess everything in an organised and factual manner , like your qualifications , languages and experience in terms of yourself . 
  you need to do analysis of the countries , all of which are very different . 
  do n't think of `` europe '' , think of each individual country . 
  so things like cost of living , culture , chance of securing employment , legal requirements for entry and working and a whole range of other things . 
  find out the good stories and the bad ones of people who have done this . 
  look at the pros and cons of where you are and what you lose out on if you leave , like family and friends . 
  what would you miss , and do n't say `` nothing '' . 
  do you have children ? 
  how will it impact on them ? 
  there is a huge amount to consider . 
  if you do come up with a definite location and maybe are lucky to secure something , you should probably come over just yourself and work for a while before committing yourself , so that you can experience what it is really like and so that you have n't sold up and can come back home if it is n't working out . 
  you may need a few months to find something and then maybe 6 months at least of living the life . 
  it may not be all you think it is . 
  if you are considering a move like that to check it out , be sure that at least part of it is during the winter , so you can experience some of the less pleasant times of year .
