  outside of the gaeltacht areas , you hardly hear it . 
  if you walk down a street in dublin , you will hear many languages other than english , but irish would be well down on that list . 
  you are more likely to hear polish or german or mandarin etc. 
  than irish . 
  so even fluent irish speakers only have a small circle of people that they can use it with . 
  it is unfortunate , but that is the way it is . 
  yes , it would be . 
  it is a part of our heritage and culture . 
  the whole placenames thing is just one part of that . 
  the problem is the opportunity to use it and also how strong english is as an international language , resulting in irish people historically moving towards using it instead of irish . 
  being english-speaking is a major advantage for ireland on the international stage . 
  while there is the sentimentality of wanting to keep irish alive , the incentive is n't really there to use it very often . 
  we have things that promote it like having irish language newspapers , tv , radio and schools etc. , but it is a small minority that are fluent . 
  as hard as they fight for it , it is hard to keep it going . 
  there is this award winning video of a [ chinese man learning irish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa0a62wmd1a ) to come to ireland . 
  doing a bit of research on ireland he discovers about the irish language and decides to learn it in order to converse with irish people . 
  on arriving in ireland he discovers that most people do n't understand him . 
  irish and english are the official languages , but few people speak irish fluently and fewer still use it as their first language . 
  it is also an official eu language . 
  in various parts of the west coast there are `` gaeltacht '' areas , where irish is the main language . 
  irish is a compulsory subject in schools , but most people still ca n't speak it fluently when they leave school . 
  much like people from other parts of the world come to ireland for a month or so to immerse themselves in english , some secondary school students go to gaeltacht areas to learn irish for a month in the summer . 
  around ireland now , there are a growing number of schools where irish is used as the main language to teach all subjects . 
  while not many people are fluent , the irish language does enter day to day life in ireland in many ways . 
  the word \u00c9ire , which is the irish for ireland , appears on all coins . 
  our head of government is always referred to as the taoiseach ( pronounced tee - shock ) . 
  it is an old irish word meaning chieftain or leader . 
  some organisations , particular state run ones , use the irish language for their names . 
  our national broadcaster is rt\u00c9 coming from raidio teilif\u00eds \u00c9ireann , which you could almost guess roughly translates as the radio and television of ireland . 
  street signs are always in two languages , like you see in belgium . 
  a lot of placenames have common prefixes which originate from the irish language . 
  lots of places start with `` bally '' which comes from the irish word baile , meaning place or town . 
  cill is an old irish word for church , and you will see lots of placenames that start with kil or kill . 
  d\u00fan is a word for fort , and you see dun at the start of names . 
  cnoc means hill and knock appears at the start of names . 
  check a map of ireland and you will see lots of these . 
  there are many other examples of variations of irish words being used in the english version of names . 
  some names have just been anglicised . 
  dublin is a good example . 
  over 1000 years ago , a very early settlement in what is now dublin was around a small area of water and was called dubh linn , meaning black pool . 
  another nearby settlement was called baile ath cliath , meaning the place at the crossing of the hurdle ford . 
  these two settlements grew and merged becoming modern dublin . 
  interestingly , the irish language name used for dublin is not dubh linn , but baile \u00c1tha cliath , so both early names have been retained . 
  it is not the only case where the irish and english names are not direct translations or anglicisations , but refer to two different names . 
  so the irish language does surround people in ireland , even if people ca n't speak it . 
  well there is this general idea of thinking that the usa is west of europe , when a large part of it is n't . 
  it is mainly canada that is west of europe . 
  it is also interesting in seeing the influence of the gulf stream . 
  we are familar with seeing parts of the northeast of the us getting large quantities of snow , while places on the west coast of europe at similar latitudes and even further north do n't get any . 
  we rarely get a bad snow here in dublin ( 53n ) whereas new york ( 40n ) often does . 
  lisbon is at a similar latitude to washington , but there is a big contrast in their winter weather . 
  if anyone has ever flown to north america from europe , even in spring , you will see ice down the east coast of canada , that you would not see at the same latitudes on the coast of europe . 
  as mentioned in other posts , there is donegal and that is exactly where that part of the diagram is coming from . 
  donegal is in the republic of ireland . 
  ironically , the most northern point on the island of ireland is not in northern ireland and is actually in what some people refer to as `` the south '' . 
  most of what is northern ireland has scotland as its nearest country , with a small bit towards the isle of man and a small bit towards england . 
  a study of irish geography would n't go amiss on your part . 
  you have ireland for whiskey . 
  well it was either going to be that or guinness , so just about what we 'd expect . 
  there is a lot more to ireland of course , so come and see for yourselves sometime . 
  well , my children will be happy at this news . 
  well come over here and find out more about it . 
  that 'll help boost our tourism revenue too and make ( some of ) us even richer . 
  it is an old irish word meaning leader or chieftain , and normally pronounce tee-shock , as others have said . 
  under the 1937 constitution , it became the word used for the head of an irish government . 
  before that , the title for that role was the president of the executive council . 
  it does not translate to prime minister , so it is a distinct title . 
  pr\u00edomh aire , is the irish for prime minister . 
  that is pronounced as preev awra . 
  they 'd have been better off with him . 
  a woman with her head in the sand won . 
  ... and the craziest candidate of the lot won . 
  ireland is definitely a good place to visit . 
  come and see for yourselves . 
  leo varadkar is the new leader of fine gael , but not yet taoiseach . 
  that wo n't happen until he is officially elected by the d\u00e1il next week and given his seal of office by the president . 
  until then , enda kenny is still taoiseach . 
  those mythical high things can have their advantages . 
  rain falls , and water flows , into streams and rivers and lakes and all sorts of things . 
  clean fresh water , with which you can do many things . 
  things like making guinness , which many a dutchman has enjoyed , and which tastes better in ireland than anywhere else in the world , partly due to those high things , which are anything but mythical . 
  living in such a land is great , well with the mountains and snow , whatever about leprechauns . 
  * note to self : i can see they are right about too many drugs in the netherlands leading to people believing in all sorts of strange creatures . 
  yes - my mistake , now fixed . 
  anyway , the point still stands about the gulf stream flowing towards europe and the obvious difference it makes . 
  not as mild as we get . 
  as we know , our climate is milder than places at lower latitudes , on the other side of the same ocean . 
  at the same latitude and below on the western side of the atlantic , there is ice in the sea , something you would never see around ireland . 
  i 've seen that ice in late spring . 
  the gulf stream makes a huge difference to western and even northern europe , right into the waters of scandinavia . 
  yes , but that part of the ocean carries the gulf stream . 
  if there was no ocean , there would be no gulf stream and without the gulf stream , the ocean would not bring us such mild weather . 
  our cold weather comes from the north or east . 
  well come and visit to see for yourself . 
  it is all down to the good ol' gulf stream . 
  they are very good flood defence mechanism , better than any dike . 
  we get those in dublin too . 
  unlike our dutch friends , we have high areas called mountains which get a little in winter , while ground level is still clear . 
  true , but the whales still should not be hunted . 
  we get the `` white in the morning , gone by lunchtime '' snows too .
