  that needs to be preserved . 
  we have a lot in common , but that can be said of countries all around the world . 
  there are still things that makes us unique in many ways . 
  that is a strength in europe and it should not be lost . 
  it should be co-operation , not integration . 
  one of the reasons the british want to leave and also something that annoys a lot of countries , is having rules imposed on them . 
  countries want their independence and want to be able to run things their own way . 
  more flexibility is needed in that regard . 
  if how countries work together is not addressed and too much tightness on laws is in place , that will cause other countries to want to leave . 
  at least people could choose to have a president blair or not . 
  they have no choice in relation to king charles . 
  when the queen dies , then charles , william and anyone else that wants to , should stand for election as head of state and let the people decide . 
  it is called democracy , something britain wants other nations to adopt . 
  let them lead by example . 
  we will all remember that there was controversy over whether george w. bush had won the 2000 election or not . 
  in 2003 , when the us and britain invaded iraq , one of the reasons given was to bring democracy . 
  we then had the ironic situation that neither had a head of state that was elected and both only got the job because their fathers used to have it . 
  it is the czech republic in ireland . 
  it is what i use . 
  we do n't begrudge them and are glad for them to share and trace their ancestry . 
  it is just that someone saying they are irish , having been born and bred in america going back several generations , with some ancestors being irish , is n't quite the same as being someone that was born and living in ireland all their lives . 
  it is the simple things , like to them `` football '' means american football but to me it means `` gaelic football '' . 
  that may be a sport they may never have heard of or at least seen , and would they know what hurling is ? 
  those are big things in ireland and even irish people with no interest in them would know about them . 
  some irish things would be as alien to the american as some american things would be alien to me . 
  if we reverse the situation : say they were walking down their local street and met up with some tourist who said they were american . 
  the next question would be `` where are you from ? '', 
  they would be expecting an answer like philadelphia or new orleans or delaware or wherever . 
  if the person was to then say they were from prague or johannesburg or perth or quito , our american friend would look at them a bit oddly and think or even say `` you are not american '' . 
  the person might say `` i am . 
  my great-great-great-grandmother on my father 's side came from minneapolis in 1874 ! '', 
  would our american friend be convinced ? 
  ok , they may help them trace their ancestry and so on , and be very welcoming and friendly and all that , but would they regard them as being truly american ? 
   who will accept me !, 
  we will accept you , for who you are . 
  as i put in another post since , that child would be american if they continued their lives there . 
  they 'd know about ireland through their irish parent and grandparents , but they would grow up as americans . 
  it would n't make them any less my grandchildren , but their life and experiences would be american . 
  the things that make me irish , would be the things that make them american . 
  they would still have irish ancestry and i would hope that would be part of their lives too . 
   there are many citizens from boston and other east coast cities that came here but a paltry 200 years ago , direct from the emerald isles , that would disagree with you . 
  yes , their ancestors came from ireland 200 years ago . 
  those were their ancestors , not the person themselves . 
  in a lot of those cases none of their descendants have ever set foot in ireland in those 200 years , and have always lived in the us . 
  what made their ancestors irish ? 
  they were born in ireland , lived there , grew up there , were educated there , were influenced by everything there etc. 
  eventually they left ireland and their descendants experienced all of those things in relation to america . 
  if someone arrived in new york this morning from ireland and within a year will have a child who will grow up in america , be educated in america , watch american tv , play american sports , spend american dollars , read american news etc. 
  that child will grow up american ... with parents who were irish . 
  that is no sleight on the child . 
  the child will be entitled to irish citizenship and will probably have a lot of influence of irishness from their parents and other irish relations , but will still be more american in their own right . 
  us saying that is not intended to be offensive to the child or us disowning them , and it should not be taken in any way negatively , though many americans do seem to take it that way , hence this and other similar threads . 
  we are just recognising facts . 
  we are not casting negative aspersions on you or anything like that . 
  i am from dublin . 
  my parents came from other parts of ireland . 
  i am 100 % dublin though . 
  i am still proud of where they came from and have an interest in those places and often visit them and the relations that still live there , and have looked back into my ancestry , finding a continuous connection with those places for several generations , but they are not where i came from . 
  i am first generation dublin , so i am a dubliner . 
  my children are from dublin , but they have already been to where their grandparents came from , and as they grow they will visit those places again and be told about them and their grandparents and other ancestors , but they will themselves be from dublin and it will have more influence on their lives than where their ancestors came from . 
  so come to ireland or other parts of europe that your ancestors came from . 
  celebrate that ancestry . 
  find out more about it . 
  trace those ancestors . 
  go to the places they lived . 
  talk to relations that may still be there . 
  we have no problem with that . 
  we will welcome you . 
  we will help you . 
  we do what we can for you . 
  we will share our culture with you and give you some update on the state of the country you are visiting . 
  we will tell you about the country as it is today . 
  we will show you its sights , tell you its stories . 
  you will be made welcome , especially if you have that connection . 
  do n't ever think otherwise . 
  yes . 
  we have no problem tracing your ancestry . 
  it is something we are all interested in . 
  trace it and be proud of it , but remember that it was your ancestors , not you , that came from that place . 
  i am irish , meaning i was born here and lived all my life here . 
  for us it is amusing to see someone say they are irish and when you ask where they are from they reply `` florida '' , or some other such place . 
  they should tell us that they are american , from florida , and that their great-grandfather was from galway , or whatever . 
  we welcome those coming to trace their ancestry , it is good for tourism , so remember who your ancestors were , but remember who you are too . 
  ireland did n't directly participate . 
  ireland was under british rule then , and many irishmen did fight for the british army . 
  as ireland was also trying to get independence from britain at this time and there was a lot of political and revolutionary activity . 
  as a result , those that were seen to fight with the british army were not looked on positively by many irish people . 
  not that the irish supported germany , but supporting our own enemy was not looked on positively , particularly in the political climate of the time . 
  the 1916 revolution in ireland , that has been commemorated in ireland throughout this year , happened during the war . 
  many irishmen that fought with the british and survived never spoke about it after the war . 
  it is only in more modern times that their participation is getting more respect . 
  we use variations such as santa claus , santa and santy . 
  in the irish language it is daid\u00ed na nollag , which tranlates to a name commonly used in britain : father christmas . 
  yes , it would just be mayo , not `` mayo area '' . 
  despite the site you linked to having one reference to it , nobody would use that term . 
  you 'll notice that even the site itself has it as a subtitle . 
  so op , you should change that . 
  maybe , but with less corruption and governments that last longer than 6 months . 
  we 're on holidays and in a different culture , so yes we would act differently . 
  some of that is down to things being so different .
