  some other countries share their concerns , like on sovereignty , immigration , integration etc. 
  it would be better if they stayed and then together all the countries could work to alleviate some of their respective concerns about how the eu is working . 
  the should stay and keep the benefits and work to improve other problems that they and others have , rather than just walking away . 
  anyway , we do n't want to hijack the thread with an issue that has been well debated elsewhere for a long time now . 
  stick to roaming . 
  i should hope so . 
  the uk is still a full member of the eu . 
  if and when they do leave , they 'll be wanting to keep any benefits membership brings , so they may even keep it then too . 
  goodbye , goodbye and rest in peace . 
  the tower may not be the most beautiful , but there are other things that are nice in the photo . 
  the flowing water , the wooden bridge , the sunshine , the blue skies , the green hill , the trees and more . 
  look at the positives in the photo . 
  it is not just about the tower , though it is part of it and shows that we have some old historic buildings . 
  it is a good photo of what it is . 
  yes , ireland has a huge amount more to offer , but this is part of what we have . 
  hopefully people will come to see more . 
  if it was a picture of something else we would have complaints of `` no , not another picture of a man with a pint of guinness '' or `` no , not another picture of sheep on a road '' or `` no , not another picture of the cliffs of moher '' ... 
  well the ideal thing , though obviously not always practical , is to be able to speak the language of the country you are visiting . 
  many europeans can speak two or even three languages . 
  as you say , your swedish friend can speak swedish and english . 
  it is not just because english is a common language , but it is a natural thing for many europeans to learn multiple languages . 
  in britain and ireland , that does n't happen . 
  we all do a little bit of another language , be it french , german , italian , spanish or whatever ; but we do n't come out with the level of ability that other europeans have in their second language . 
  when your swedish friend lands in england , he usually has a very good level of english and is well able to hold his own in conversation . 
  he is much further ahead of the few phrasebook phrases level of whatever language the average english or irish person has when they go to another country . 
  our swedish friend is close to fluent , though he has never set foot in an english-speaking country . 
  for irish and british people to get that level of fluency , they usually have to go and live in another country for a few years . 
  there is definitely a difference in how languages are learned and taught in other countries than in ireland and britain . 
  the british , americans and indeed us in ireland , are not great at getting other languages . 
  as they say , when foreigners visit , we expect them to speak english to us , and when we go to foreign countries , we expect them to speak english to us . 
  because many foreigners do speak english , we all get away with it . 
  no one here denies that ireland has done things to entice companies such as low corporation tax and even special deals beyond that . 
  other countries are free to offer incentives to bring employers to their countries , and they do . 
  ireland is far from unique in that way . 
  ireland has lost out to other countries when trying to get companies to come to ireland too . 
  they have even lost companies that already were here to other countries , through assistance offered for them to leave . 
  your own country , poland , was a beneficiary of one of the most well known cases of that happening . 
  [ dell moves to lodz ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/dell-given-55m-to-aid-transfer-to-poland-101683.html ) so ireland does not have all the advantages , and we are still a small open economy , subject to shocks . 
  brexit will affect ireland more than other countries for lots of reasons , like our strong trading relationship with britain . 
  whatever about the merits of how they got here , american companies leaving if trump changes policies will hit ireland . 
  we got badly hit in the recession , while the bondholders did not get burnt , or were n't even allowed to by the eu and to an extent by our government . 
  the ordinary people took the hit on that and are still doing so . 
  companies may get tax breaks , but the ordinary person in ireland does n't . 
  we 're not looking for sympathy , but you need to understand that it is companies that are getting the benefits while many people , even those working for some of those companies , struggle to keep going . 
  tax breaks that companies get in ireland make the news that you hear , not the problems that people have here . 
  a lot of those company benefits are at the cost of the irish people too . 
  when we say ireland is doing well , that does not mean that all individuals are . 
  we have unemployment , homelessness ( a lot of it caused by what banks and vulture funds have done in the wake of the recession ) , large waiting lists in hospitals , people spending hours , even days on trolleys there , expensive housing , a lot of emigration and many other things . 
  our economy has improved a lot , but do n't forget the imf were here in recent years and we have a long way to go to solve our problems . 
  we 're not an economic powerhouse like germany , far from it . 
  when we say ireland has done well through our eu membership , again we are not talking about the bank accounts and wallets of irish people , but more of the practical things i 've mentioned in other posts . 
  we were doing well through our membership in those practical ways long before the tax policies that people now mention . 
  we did n't drop our corporation tax to its current level on the 1st of january 1973 , but we did start making use of our membership then and for many years after , still long before taxation policy for corporations became a focus . 
  so when evaluating how `` ireland has done well '' you have to look at the whole picture and for the full duration of our membership , not just at our corporation tax and the last 15 - 20 years . 
  if all the other improvements membership has helped us make and other things we have done ourselves were not in place , low corporation tax would n't be attracting nearly as many companies . 
  ireland offers a whole package of reasons for companies to come , tax being just one , albeit an important one , but not enough in itself to get as many as we do . 
  tax breaks may be a big part , but certainly not the only reason why big companies come here . 
  a young and well educated workforce ; proximity to mainland europe and its market ; being an english-speaking country is particularly important for american companies ; our strong ties with america , going back generations ; the improved infrastructure and other improvements that we have got through being members of the eu comes up again ; improved relations between unions , employers and the government to give less industrial disputes than in the past , and lots of other things . 
  so there are many reasons beyond the tax reasons that people like to focus on , as to why companies come here . 
  so as i 've said , look at the whole picture , do n't focus on just one part . 
   helping multinationals avoiding eu tax systems in exchange for some investments and jobs was ** one of major ways ** ireland developed . 
  why deny something so obvious ? 
  yes , that has happened , but it was just one of the ways it has benefitted . 
  there have been many others , as outlined in another post i have made . 
  if you knew ireland of the 1970s and know ireland of today , you would know there have been radical changes in all sorts of ways , many due to our membership but not due to tax changes . 
   those are your words . 
  yes , and i mean in more practical ways . 
  infrastructural investment , like the roads network that i have mentioned . 
  ireland is a much more modern country now , contrary to the stereotypes . 
  ireland of the 1970s and ireland of today are radically different in all sorts of ways , a lot of that is because of joining the eec . 
  other countries have tried to copy our use of the funding to help develop their countries , particularly the countries that joined from eastern europe . 
  things are by no means perfect and a lot of mistakes were made , but we have done well . 
  there are also other benefits , like building better relations with other countries , laws and standards brought in , learning from what other countries do and a lot more . 
  there are a lot of factors in the peace process , but our membership helped in that in some ways too . 
  in the 1970s , if ireland made the news outside of our shores , it was because of the troubles in northern ireland . 
  that has radically changed . 
  so there is a lot more to how ireland used its membership and has changed than setting tax laws for multinationals . 
  one of the negative things from joining from ireland 's perspective was how countries got access to our fishing grounds . 
  so now other countries are getting those small fish !, 
  big companies and multinationals may benefit , but the ordinary person does n't get much gain from it . 
  for them it is more practical things , like a better road network , that they see , not boosts in their bank balances . 
  ireland had done very well out of it . 
  it helped transform ireland . 
  this week , a man known as [ t.k. 
  whitaker ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t._k._whitaker ) died in ireland . 
  he was 100 years old last month . 
  in 2001 he was voted irishman of the 20th century . 
  in the 1960s , as a civil servant in the department of finance , he came up with a plan to change ireland 's struggling economy and encourage inward investment . 
  one element was opening up free trade and of course that helped when it came to us joining the eec . 
  he was still active in his 90s in one way or another , after a career where he took on many roles in public life in ireland . 
  what he did for ireland was looked on with interest by other countries , as was how we have managed our time in the eec/ec/eu . 
  43 years on from joining the eec , membership has been mostly positive for ireland . 
  anyone familiar with ireland then and now would know that . 
  the problem is often around the approach to teaching it . 
  some have said it is taught like we are all fluent , rather than as a second language . 
  so there is a lot of attention on poetry and prose etc. , and not enough on the basic structures of the language . 
  a lot of people come out of school saying they know more of other languages they have learnt there ( eg french ) than irish , because of how it is taught . 
  people want to keep it , but do n't want to speak it or ca n't speak it to a sufficient level and do n't have the opportunity to use it . 
  there are policies and initiatives to promote it , but it is n't that simple . 
  in many bilingual countries , the alternative languages are strong and spoken by a lot of people , but irish is very much a minority language .
