   and the rest of us europeans are n't so where exactly did i say that ? 
  we are talking about ireland . 
  we were and are not the only neutral country . 
  it is not a crime to be neutral . 
  it is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  it is nothing to apologise for . 
  neither is not being neutral . 
  we happen to be neutral though . 
  some countries are . 
  we are . 
  there are far worse things a country can be . 
  germany was not neutral in world war ii . 
  so they were the opposite of us . 
  if we are to be criticised , does that mean you are going to applaud them for their stance ? 
  of course not . 
  i think though , that you would have preferred , as others would , that germany and others did not engage in war and we had a peaceful europe . 
  i am sure you would have been happy if they and others had done nothing to cause a war and there had been no war and no reason for a war . 
  `` but there was a war '' you will reply . 
  yes , and we stayed neutral for many reasons . 
  that does n't mean we sat gleefully on the sideline watching people killing each other , enjoying every minute of it . 
  do n't forget too that many irish people did fight in both world wars , mostly for the british army . 
  we did n't have the capabilities to participate then in our own right , but many irish people did fight in the war , which i am sure you are grateful for . 
  irish people helped in many other practical ways too , like working in factories or by sending help in the belfast blitz . 
  there were bombings in ireland too , in dublin and elsewhere , albeit unitentionally . 
  we had a policy of neutrality and still do , as is the case for many countries . 
  again , it is nothing to be ashamed of and apologise for ... or criticised for . 
  we are a neutral country . 
  we are not a military power . 
  we were not ` negligent ' , ` selfish ' , ` uncaring ' , or ` bitter ' . 
  we were neutral . 
  we do n't have a big military or navy . 
  ireland has made a reputation as a country involved in un peacekeeping for many decades now , and have earned a lot of respect for it . 
  we get involved in a lot of things , like our ships being involved in the meditteranean rescues in modern times . 
  if we want to be neutral , we can be . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  yes , if things got tough for us , we might turn to our various neighbours and friends for assistance . 
  ireland has invaded many countries , but always in a peaceful manner . 
  we 've only got about 5 million people , yet irish people are loved around the world . 
  st. patrick 's day is celebrated around the world , and not just by irish people living there . 
  the local authorities join in . 
  new york city closes down 5th avenue for the day in order to have a parade for example . 
  the taoiseach gets to meet the president of the usa when he goes to visit at that time of year . 
  we are not the only country in the world that has their day national day celebrated around the world , but as i alluded to , we do n't have as many people as the chinese do . 
  we punch well above our weight in that regard . 
  we are welcome around the world . 
  that 's a far better situation to be in than being a military power . 
  do n't knock it . 
  about 5 miles from home to work , via public transport . 
  dublin , the capital city of a traditionally catholic country has two cathedrals , but neither of them are catholic . 
  there is saint patrick 's cathedral , which is the national cathedral . 
  there is christchurch cathedral , which is the city cathedral . 
  both are situated not far from each other . 
  since the reformation , both have been protestant cathedrals . 
  there is also what is called the pro-cathedral , which is catholic . 
  however , it does not have full cathedral status . 
  so dublin does not have a catholic cathedral . 
  alphabetically , the first place in the world that begins with the letter n is in ireland . 
  it is called naas , pronounced to rhyme with race . 
  i 'm irish and i 'm flukey . 
  hitch a lift on a flying pig . 
  i am heading to a black sea resort in a few weeks time , my first ever visit to bulgaria . 
  this is a question we 've had before , many times . 
  definitely not . 
  we are many different countries , each with our own elements across everything you can think of . 
  our strength is in our diversity . 
  for a small region on the planet , we have had a huge influence over the world . 
  trying to merge all that into one , would destroy a lot of what we have . 
  we can work closer together , as those that are members of the european union do , but we need to retain our independence and identities , culture , history etc. 
  the british election news is currently big here , particularly because of the impact on northern ireland and the fact that the dup , a party in northern ireland , may be assisting to prop up a minority government in britain . 
  domestically , ireland is about to get a new taoiseach ( equivalent to a prime minister ) . 
  he will take over tomorrow . 
  he will appoint a new cabinet after that . 
  the current taoiseach will finish today , chairing his last cabinet meeting this morning . 
  you can get some of our news on the [ rt\u00c9 news ] ( https://www.rte.ie/news/ ) webpages . 
  as has been said , american companies are bigger and often buy successful european companies . 
  particularly here in ireland , we get a lot of technology companies from the us setting up their bases here . 
  we speak english and have an educated workforce , have access to european markets and favourable conditions for foreign investment . 
  almost all of the big companies are here , like intel , hewlett-packardm microsoft , apple , facebook , linkedin , google , ibm , symantec , paypal and many , many others . 
  it is just a minor issue in the scheme of things . 
  my brother-in-law has often been in bulgaria and has had to deal with the justice system there . 
  he has encountered plenty of corruption in the justice system . 
  if you know the right people , you can pay them to swing things in your favour . 
  unfortunately he has been the victim of people doing that . 
  it is corruption at that level that the bulgarian authorities should be dealing with . 
  the justice system should be fair and impartial and not be open to being bribed . 
  you or others might have a better insight into how that is being tackled and if things are getting any better , 10 years after bulgaria joined the eu . 
  i do n't know about the other countries in that region and how they are in terms of corruption and other practices that should not be happening as members of the eu . 
  again , you and others might have an insight into that . 
  is bulgaria the worst or are there other countries just as bad or worse ? 
  you are not silly for only wanting to visit them , but you could say the same of any two places you could mention in europe . 
  there are obviously a huge amount of places worth visiting . 
  if you want to visit them , then do so . 
  that is your choice . 
  this case is my brother-in-law with his child , now just 16 months old . 
  the child was even younger when this happened . 
  my brother-in-law is irish and his wife is from the philippines , so the child does look different . 
  they were staying in a black sea resort and on a bus the driver was charging the child an adult fare . 
  there was a sign in the bus to say that foreign children were charged full adult fares , while local children were not . 
  in ireland , and other countries , children are charged lower fares , up as far as 16 years old in some cases . 
  the baby is now 16 months old and would have been younger at the time .
