  he was big in the trade union movement , founding one of the main ones in ireland . 
  [ his statue ] ( https://img.rasset.ie/000a573a-642.jpg ) stands near the head office now . 
  for all our light-hearted knocking of the english , one liverpudlian made significant contributions to unions in that era too . 
  james larkin , also of irish parentage , is most famously associated with the 1913 lock-out of workers . 
  he has a [ statue ] ( http://archiseek.com/wp-content/gallery/ireland-buildings-dublin-north-o/jim_larkin_lge.jpg ) on o'connell street , dublin 's main street , based on [ this photo ] ( http://irishcatholic.ie/sites/default/files/styles/article_details/public/main/articles/james%20larkin-zlvolwfrfd.jpg?itok=3-5l3akn ) of him . 
  thash not bad , hic , shtuff . 
  yes , the very man . 
  he was badly injured during the 1916 rising and was shot while sitting on a chair as he was unable to stand up for his excecution . 
  the executions were controversial , changing the opinion of many towards the rising , but particularly his one . 
  them 's fighting words . 
  i 'll have you know that paddy , john jameson , john power , john locke and others , do not make kitchen implements . 
  it sounds like you 've had too much of the famous grouse , and it 's only lunchtime . 
  get some irn bru into you , fast . 
  perhaps . 
  now , getting back to ireland , scotland and the more important questions , which is better : whiskey or whisky ? 
  ( * non-irish and scots quickly scramble off to see if this is an efficiency of spelling question or something deeper . 
  i just said we both hate them , which that clip confirms , not which one of us does more . 
   now , as to who are the better singers , well that is another story . 
  quite often they are known to authorities , but not always . 
  at that , there are a huge number of people that are known to the authorities for a wide variety of reasons . 
  not many of those would be of high enough concern to warrant further investigation . 
  it would be impossible to keep an eye on them all and a waste of resources . 
  yes , it could save a lot of lives , but a lot of other crime would n't be tackled and the police have their duties to do in those areas too . 
  so they can only watch the ones that are deemed more of a threat . 
  a lot of the ones that do end doing something are of very low risk and act alone or suddenly and so very hard to pick up . 
  it is never the really high profile ones that carry out the attacks . 
  they 'd be a lot easier to stop if it were . 
  that is the case for many areas of crime . 
  the gang leaders send out the smaller guys to do the jobs and leave themselves clear of anything and it is difficult to prove anything against them . 
  in the terrorist attacks , the perpetrator is normally dead , so making it even harder to find out who else might be involved . 
  lithuania would not have featured in ireland 's history classes , though my school education was completed prior to the fall of the berlin wall , so it would still have been part of the soviet union then . 
  any history of it , would not have had lithuania mentioned in its own right . 
  ireland has long connections to scotland , our celtic cousins . 
  lots of connections through sport , particularly on celtic and rangers , and more unusual ones like shinty in scotland and hurling in ireland . 
  we have the historical connections through being part of the united kingdom until partial independence in 1922 . 
  one of the 1916 signatories of the proclamation of independence in 1916 , was born in scotland , of irish parents . 
  he was executed . 
  we have many cultural connections through language , music , literature etc. 
  there are so many other connections ... and of course we both hate the english . 
  `` fill you in '' = give you more details/information/explanations . 
  yes , you would be very welcome . 
  huge numbers of english people come to ireland all the time , many of them going to croke park and other venues . 
  what happened 101 years ago , was 101 years ago . 
  you are aware of the history , but you need to brush up on nowadays . 
  once you 've done that , and realise there is nothing to worry about , you 'll be booking your flights in no time . 
  thanks for the offers of information about london . 
  no need though : based on you being late 20s , then i was in it before you were born !, 
   anyway , july or august are the time to come , with the bigger games in august . 
  the finals are in september , but you 've no chance of getting a ticket for those . 
  so you are looking at going to quarter-finals or semi-finals in august , or some big games prior to that point in july . 
  who 'll be playing who and when , too early to know , but it will be the bigger guns by then and the better matches . 
  to see the dublin footballers play in croke park , now that would be a treat !, 
  their first outing will be on the 3rd of june , but not in croke park . 
  they 'll play either wexford or carlow . 
  they should win that . 
  their next match would be on the 25th of june , probably in croke park and they should win that . 
  so barring a major shock , they 'll be playing in croke park on the 16th of july , in what we call the leinster final , leinster being one of ireland 's four provinces . 
  winning that would qualify them for the all-ireland quarter-final in croke park on the 5th of august . 
  now they will be coming up against the big guns , though currently as all-ireland champions for the past two years , they are the biggest gun . 
  if they win that , it is the 27th of august for a semi-final in croke park . 
  the final is on the 17th of september . 
  all to be confirmed of course , and we do n't know who they 'll be playing even for that first game . 
  carlow and wexford will play on the 21st of may , so we should know then . 
  that 's just dublin games and football games . 
  there are lots of other games too , in hurling and football . 
  check the [ gaa website ] ( http://www.gaa.ie ) for more information , though there are all sorts of fixtures there . 
  that is the main gaa website , but there are many others too with relevant information , like the [ leinster gaa ] ( http://www.leinstergaa.ie ) website . 
  you 've a lot to learn . 
  we do n't mind sheepish english dudes coming to matches . 
  irish dudes at the matches , like myself , would gladly fill you in . 
  a few little details . 
  gaa is the organisation , standing for gaelic athletic association . 
  gaelic football is the sport , though some do refer to it as gaa , like you do . 
  the gaa is the governing body for gaelic football and hurling , plus a few other sports . 
  usually there are only hurling or gaelic football matches on at the same venue , though there are usually two matches at a venue on a match day . 
  yesterday in croke park there were two matches , a division two final and a division one final . 
  the division three and four finals were there on saturday . 
  the big game is always the last game of the day . 
  the first can be a minor match ( under 18s ) and then there is a senior match . 
  on other days , like yesterday , there are two senior matches . 
  very occasionally you will get a hurling and a gaelic football match together . 
  whatever the combination , one ticket will cover you for both games . 
  yesterday it was $ 30 , so that is good value . 
  if you want to see a hurling match and a gaelic football match , you might have to come twice , but that certainly beats two days at work !, 
  there are over 2500 gaa clubs in ireland . 
  there are 32 counties . 
  the best players within each county are chosen for the county teams . 
  there are club matches all year round , but the big matches are the inter-county matches , like this weekend 's ones were . 
  all the sports are amateur . 
  players play for the `` love of the jersey '' as we say . 
  most players play for the same club all their playing lives . 
  if they get picked for the county , it is the same . 
  so they have a genuine link to the teams they play for . 
  there is no transfer market . 
  they are playing for the love of the game , not a wage . 
  that brings a certain passion to their play that no payday could . 
  all the players have day jobs or are students . 
  croke park hold 82,300 people . 
  there were about 54,000 there yesterday . 
  as for rules , look for a set of 3 videos on youtube called `` what is gaelic football ? '',
