  when you try to bring that into a forum like this , it does n't always go down as well . 
  some countries take things very literally , so do n't see what we say as funny and maybe see it as an insult rather than us just slagging people . 
  if you go into forums like / r/ireland or r/northernireland and peruse the threads there , you will see that sense of humour coming through . 
  similar kinds of posts in forums like this one would not go down as well , so we have to restrain ourselves a little . 
  me too . 
  not all irish people drink guinness after all . 
  so that 's why you never hear people say that austrians are romantic . 
  it should be about cooperation , not integration . 
  how often do we tell outsiders asking questions here that europe is not a single country and is very diverse ? 
  we regularly have to clear their misconception that europe is all the same . 
  countries need to be able maintain a level of independence . 
  there is too much diversity in all ways , be that culturally , politically , economically etc. 
  to mould us all into one . 
  many people feel things are being imposed on them while others feel those are good ideas . 
  we are 28 independent countries . 
  one is leaving for various reasons , amongst which are those feelings of a loss of sovereignty . 
  many others feel the same . 
  we should work together for mutual benefit , while retaining our independence . 
  our corporation tax in ireland is controversial , but our economy is different to others , as are all others to each other . 
  no one system works for us all . 
  our economies are all different with strengths and weaknesses , built on different kinds of things . 
  agriculture is important for ireland , but would n't be as important in other countries . 
  they have their specialty areas . 
  we all need help in our weaker areas . 
  our corporation tax helps us . 
  it was put in to help us . 
  we ca n't compete in other ways against powerful economies . 
  other countries do things to help themselves too , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  in many ways we in europe celebrate our diversity , and it is a great strength , while on the other hand some of the same people want to integrate us further . 
  we are individual countries , not the united states of europe . 
  we can work closely while retaining one of our greatest strengths : our diversity . 
  if you look at most replies in the thread they are along the lines of it not bothering them as long as the person did n't go on about their religion . 
  the vast majority of religious people i 've come across , from various faiths , have n't tried to convert me . 
  generally they do n't , although you think it `` is very likely '' . 
  a person with some special role in a religion might try , but the ordinary person wo n't . 
  for most , it is something personal and private and they do n't go around preaching . 
  they attend their place of worship once a week and maybe do a few other things , like say prayers or read their particular religious texts , but they keep it all to themselves . 
  maybe a lot of people you do know are religious , but you are not particularly aware of it as they do n't ever preach to you . 
  of course it may be depending on your interpretation of `` religious '' , as being an ordinary follower or someone like a rabbi or a priest . 
  the op was talking about the ordinary person who goes once a week , not those holding official positions in their faith . 
  even some of those who hold those roles do n't go round trying to convert everyone they meet . 
  in fact , people holding those kinds of roles are sometimes friends with corresponding people in other faiths and do n't spend their time trying to convert each other . 
  so the local rabbi and priest often are able to be friends , though they would have some conflicting views . 
  you seem to have a narrower perspective on what a religious person is , and that they are all out to convert you . 
  they are n't . 
  the vast majority of ordinary religious people do n't go around trying to convert everyone they meet . 
  apart from that hour at the weekend when they go to their place of worship , the vast majority of people keep their religion to themselves . 
  that is my experience and seems to be the case with a lot of other contributors to the thread . 
  it is only if they have people going on about their religion that they have a problem with them , but the majority of people do n't go on about their religion , though you seem to have this idea that they do . 
  other than that , other contributors seem to have no problems with religious people , whatever their own opinions . 
  i would imagine that many people you encounter do have religious beliefs , but i doubt you spend your days fending off attempts to convert you . 
  even if you became friends with them , they still probably would n't do so either , despite your fears . 
  all this seems to be on the presumption that if they tell you they are religious that they are going to try and convert you or at least continuously bring up the topic . 
  most religious people do n't do that . 
  it could be in passing , a minor element of a conversation for them , something that they might never mention again . 
  it might be a conversation about countries you 've all visited and they might mention they were in bethlehem in israel , because they are christian . 
  it is not suddenly going to launch into an attempt to convert you or set a whole line of future conversations to be along religious grounds . 
  your next response might be to say something like that you were never in israel but you were in turkey on a sun holiday , and the subject of their religion might never be mentioned again . 
  a casual mention that they are religious , would qualify as them telling you they were religious , as per the thread title . 
  it does n't follow that they are then going to ram their beliefs down your throat at every opportunity . 
  as to the way your very first response was , it just struck me as strange to completely rule out friendship with a religious person . 
  it seems to be based on your own beliefs about religions . 
  the fact that they are religious is highly unlikely to ever affect you and as you said earlier it does n't mean that they ca n't make logical and rational decisions in other areas . 
  so it may have no more impact on you than their favourite team or colour or their political persuasion , and neither might the rationale for their religious beliefs . 
  there are far worse things they could be , which would be much more serious grounds to re-evaluate your association with them . 
  i may not agree with them , but i would n't rule out friendship based on someone 's religious beliefs . 
  that seems to be a bigger challenge for you . 
  you do n't have to respect every single belief someone has , to be friends with them . 
  you could respect their right to have a belief , but you do n't even have to go that far . 
  lots of very good friends have fundamental disagreements on things , but are still able to be friends . 
  it is easy to avoid a topic with someone if you know that it is an issue between you . 
  it may be a difficulty for you , but many people can have friendships with people that they do n't agree on everything with , even if there is a particularly big issue amongst them . 
  so , do you have a sort of questionnaire for potential friends which has `` are you religious ? '', 
  as a question on it ? 
  if someone slips through your vetting process and you are talking to them one monday and they happen to mention something that happened in their mosque on friday or their synagogue on saturday or their church on sunday , do you immediately walk away saying `` you can not be my friend '' as you do so ? 
  lots of nationalities get associated with their national foods in restaurants . 
  so chinese restaurants being the classical example , but many other countries through asia in particular . 
  italians and ice cream or fish and chip shops are big in ireland too . 
   they are obviously not mutually exclusive but they certainly are n't synonyms . 
  well then , it might even be worth the risk of being friends , as you may meet some very good people . 
   religious people do n't want to do good , they want to follow their religion . 
  good people want to do good . 
  so the question remains . 
  so are you now saying that religious people are incapable of being good ? 
  so , they are all evil people then ? 
  i am sure since we started this thread yesterday that you 've encountered many religious people , as simple as walking past them on the street right up to talking to some . 
  did they all try to kill you or do some other evil to you ? 
  the vast majority of religious people are good people , just like the vast majority of agnostics and atheists are . 
  there are extremists in all areas of life . 
  in case of religious extremists who go out to kill people , they are not really following their religion . 
  some people , for the purpose of their own agenda , may twist the meanings of religious texts , be it their own or that of someone they see as the enemy , to suit their needs . 
  for the vast majority that want to follow their religion , that means doing good , otherwise you and i and others would have been attacked in some way or other , from a little verbal abuse up to attempted murder , many times since yesterday . 
  i 've gone through two rush hours since yesterday , encountering thousands of people . 
  i am sure many of them were of some religion or other . 
  not one of them attacked me in any way or attempted to do anything bad towards me . 
  i 've done ok since yesterday seeing as there are so many people around me who do n't want to do good . 
  seeing as you are back posting today , and many of the other regulars , we 've all survived pretty well , given the obvious challenges we 've had since yesterday , having to deal with all those people who do n't want to do good . 
  if you notice anyone missing , maybe we can start ringing the hospitals and police stations to see if anyone has done anything bad to them !!!, 
  look after yourself today . 
  if you see any religious people , duck into a doorway or hide somewhere until they 've gone past you and the danger is gone .
