  as you know , people often read titles of threads and not the initial posts or miss a key detail . 
  you are not the first and wo n't be the last . 
  ah , the old `` do you wear shoes in the house ? '', 
  question comes around again . 
  definitely wear shoes , in my home or any other i enter . 
  better than having people in smelly socks or feet and the risk of hurting an unprotected foot by trodding on something or accidentally banging a toe against something . 
  only last night my wife was getting ready for bed and was barefoot and was in the kitchen when she stubbed her toe while opening the fridge . 
  no chance of that when wearing shoes . 
  it is great when you can tell someone about your country and remove all the stereotypes . 
  it can be great to give some insight into the country , the little known facts and hidden gems , be they places or other aspects of the culture . 
  as a good example , few people know about our two national sports , gaelic football and hurling , and are amazed when they see them . 
  the season is really warming up now , peaking in september , so it is a great time to go to matches . 
  a little unusual compared to other sports , but our cup competitions are bigger than the leagues . 
  the two biggest cup competitions , the all-ireland championship in each sport are now getting to the stage where it is mostly big teams left , so things hot up from now . 
  i could tell you much more , as i am a big fan of those two sports , but i 'll put a stop to it there . 
  other aspects of ireland i am also interested in , so when someone expresses a genuine interest , certainly i would be glad to help , so you are are talking 8/10 or 9/10 for me . 
  yes , people use them everywhere . 
  there is nothing unusual about that . 
  as i said in the opening post , i am not talking about any of those . 
  it is the smaller bags that we are talking about in this thread , ones that look out of place on a man , but normal on a woman . 
  ones that could be used as swimming trunks might , and even those that do have them , may only have small pockets . 
  then again , some have a lot of pockets . 
  i have a pair of shorts , which has eight pockets , sort of army style . 
  yes , that is the same as in ireland . 
  as i said , and others have also said , hot weather usually means wearing clothing that does n't have pockets to carry those items , and so man bags are popular in those countries . 
  it was 30 \u00b0 c + where i was in bulgaria , so most men were in t-shirts and shorts with no pockets , and so had to carry their items another way . 
  the man bag is their solution . 
  it is not a problem the irish and norweigians and a few other nationalities face . 
  gym bags and laptop bags are very common in ireland too , but those are not the kind of ones i am asking about . 
  it is the much smaller ones , like a woman 's handbag . 
  given the kind of climate norway would have , man bags are probably not as common there , as like ourselves in ireland , you are more likely to be wearing clothing that can hold the kinds of items that others would put in a man bag . 
  that 's tough . 
  idiots like that are n't worth wasting time over . 
  yes , and that is why you 'd ignore them . 
  sure some of them would n't know how to spell ira if you asked them . 
  sure they are only standard terms . 
  we 'd use those in jest , not malice . 
  in 2016 , ireland celebated the centenary of the 1916 easter rising . 
  it 's headquarter was at the general post office on o'connell street in dublin . 
  a commemorative 2 euro coin was issued , showing the statue of hibernia that stands on the top of the building . 
  a little bit of bias , but it is a nice coin : [ 1916 centenary 2 euro coin ] ( http://img04.euro-muenzen.tv/ireland-2-euro-coin-proclamation-of-the-irish-republic-100-years-since-the-1916-easter-rising-in-ireland-2016-3025410-146364978879109.jpg ), 
  contrary to the popular belief that it is the shamrock , the official symbol for ireland is the harp . 
  as for a guinness connection , there is none . 
  the harp is a different style , and it is orientated the opposite way , which is something people do n't realise until they look at both . 
  then there was the scots guy who won the lottery . 
  his friend went round to congratulate him , only to find him in tears . 
  `` what 's wrong ? '', 
  he asked . 
  taking out the winning ticket and showing it to his friend he replied `` i am just thinking about the money i wasted buying those other lines . '', 
   there are a variety of colourful terms used for the irish by certain sections of scottish society , and unlike the more jocular terms listed above they are used with actual malice . 
  i will not repeat them here . 
  ah , go on , go on , go on , as mrs. doyle would say . 
  yes they will , but so what ? 
  answer a few questions and move on . 
  people in europe talk about all sorts of things . 
  so unless you particularly want to get into a debate about trump , then it should n't be anything to worry about . 
  ireland and britain are particularly bad at not knowing other languages . 
  part of it is that we are both islands and also that english is an international language , so lots of people from other countries tend to know some english . 
  tomorrow i am going to bulgaria , without a word of bulgarian , but i know there are bound to be people there who understand english , so i 'll muddle through . 
  it is only irish and british people that go to live in another country that pick up the local language . 
  if it is a major story , it will make it here , but obviously more regular stuff is n't going to make it as we have plenty of our own news . 
  international stories would be taken from some other countries first . 
  so in ireland , a lot of new from britain would make it onto our news . 
  we have strong ties , and in current times brexit is an issue that is particularly relevant to us , so we get a lot of coverage of that as it develops . 
  so it takes a big story from russia to make news in ireland . 
  i have lots of cousins in england . 
  my parents grew up just a few miles from each other in ireland , and first met in england . 
  they were at a dance . 
  my mother got talking to him and he seemed to know a bit about the area where she lived . 
  she went over to her brother and told him . 
  my uncle looked and though he did n't really know my father , he recognised him and knew who he was . 
  my mother went back to him , and the rest is history . 
  they returned to ireland to get married . 
  some aunts and uncles stayed in england , so i have lots of cousins there . 
  a house . 
  20 years old . 
  about 5 miles / ~ 40 minutes by public transport around rush hour . 
  i do n't own other properties . 
  yes they exist . 
  there are a wide variety of them , like the types you are talking about and ones that specialise , like ones dedicated to a particular sport or activity . 
  some are local camps and some involve people travelling and maybe staying away for a period of time , days or weeks . 
  you have camps for different ages , toddlers to teens . 
  so yes , there are all sorts of camps . 
  there are other things people do . 
  in ireland we get lots of students that come here from other countries in europe , and indeed further afield , to learn english . 
  they stay for a few weeks , studying most days , but also being brought out on trips to do different things or see different places . 
  we in ireland have had it for 15 years , so you very rarely hear people using the older terminology now . 
  where appropriate , much older people will still talk about pre-decimalisation money , which was before 1971 . 
  ** something i give my students learning english ** _______________________________________________ strange english language if this does n't drive you nuts then nothing will . 
  you think english is easy ?? 
  let 's face it - english is a crazy language . 
  there is no egg in eggplant , nor ham in hamburger ; neither apple nor pine in pineapple . 
  english muffins were n't invented in england or french fries in france . 
  sweetmeats are candies while sweetbreads , which are n't sweet , are meat . 
  we take english for granted . 
  but if we explore its paradoxes , we find that quicksand can work slowly , boxing rings are square and a guinea pig is neither from guinea nor is it a pig . . and why is it that writers write but fingers do n't fing , grocers do n't groce and hammers do n't ham ? 
  if the plural of tooth is teeth , why is n't the plural of booth , beeth ? 
  so one moose , 2 meese ? 
  one index , 2 indices ? 
  does n't it seem crazy that you can make amends but not one amend ?
