  ireland famously banned smoking in enclosed workplaces in 2004 . 
  there was a lot of controversy and debate in the run up to it , but it actually worked better than many people expected . 
  a lot of the gloom and doom predicted by those against the ban did not happen . 
  a lot of unexpected positive things did . 
  now , many smokers are happy with it and would not go back . 
  smoking has been on the decline for many years and more measures are being brought in . 
  well if the template was john , then it would be expected to be male , though of course the name mary can be used for men , most famously joseph mary plunkett . 
  michael murphy would be a big one . 
  it 's not pretty to watch , but can be effective . 
  dublin play a more open style , as do some others , so you will certainly see better games . 
  you 'll see bigger crowds and better weather too . 
  there is nothing like a big day in croke park , with big matches , a huge crowd and good weather . 
  certainly try to go again , particularly if dublin are playing , as you will get the bigger crowds and a better atmosphere . 
  you would n't be familiar with some of the dynamics there . 
  different counties are stronger in hurling and others in gaelic football . 
  gaelic football is more widespread around the country in that there are more competitive counties , while there are less counties in hurling that are big powers . 
  hurling is still hugely popular , but there are less counties that are really good at it . 
  if two of those counties were playing against each other , there would be a bigger crowd at it . 
  gaelic football is stronger in dublin . 
  so although dublin played in both matches , the football would attract more dublin supporters . 
  some dublin supporters , like myself , were there for both matches . 
  tipperary are the current all-ireland hurling champions , so were expected to comfortably win , as indeed they did - even more comfortably than many expected . 
  dublin are the current all-ireland football champions , but tyrone would be a big rival and as it turned out , that game was much closer , ending in a draw . 
  there were about 28,000 there . 
  croke park holds 82,300 people . 
  the weather was bad , which turned some people away , but it was far from capacity , though that would have been expected . 
  in gaelic football and hurling we have a league and a cup competition . 
  the league runs from january to may and the cup from may to september . 
  unlike in some sports , the cup competition is more important . 
  in the league , teams only play each other once in the season , with home and away normally alternating year to year . 
  the cup competition , which we call the championship , is much bigger . 
  if either of those two pairs of teams were to meet in the championship , there would be much bigger crowds . 
  throughout the summer , as the championship progresses , the crowds naturally grow . 
  the all-ireland football final and the all-ireland hurling final , are the two biggest individual sporting events in the irish sporting calendar . 
  to get a ticket for a final is practically impossible , unless you know people . 
  they are distributed through clubs , sponsors and other officials , rather than being sold directly to the general public , as is the case for all other matches throughout the year . 
  this is to give the genuine fans more chances of getting tickets and cut down on touts , though they still get them . 
  so given that you are a visitor , your best chance of seeing a good match with a bigger crowd and better atmosphere is at the quarter-final and semi-final stages , in august . 
  you would get tickets for those . 
  as you will have seen , tyrone play what we regard as a negative style of playing , by crowding the defense area in a tactic known as the blanket defence . 
  this makes it very difficult for the opposition to score . 
  at times you 'll have noticed that nearly all tyrone players were in their own half of the field when dublin were in possession . 
  as soon as tyrone win possession they break forward quickly in order to attack . 
  on saturday the 4th of march , there is another double-header featuring wateford v dublin in the hurling , and dublin v mayo in the football . 
  waterford would be expected to win the hurling match . 
  the football match will be more interesting . 
  dublin and mayo were last year 's all-ireland finalists , and the match ended in a draw , and teams had to play a replay . 
  so obviously there is a big rivalry there . 
  mayo would play a more open style of football than tyrone do , so it should be a more entertaining match . 
  if you are still around , then go that evening too . 
  it 's that time of the week !, 
  yes , and we give that answer all the time . 
  in fact i was going to give the same answer as u/gdog1102 , but was beaten to it . 
  still , they keep on coming and asking those questions again . 
  a bit like a bus : there 'll be another one along soon . 
  the president is the head of state , the pm is the head of government . 
  those are two very separate offices , combined into one in some countries . 
  france is but one of many countries where they are separate . 
  they are two very different roles , in some countries even more than others . 
  in some , the head of state barely gets involved in day to day politics at all , and has just a mainly ceremonial role , with just some political responsibilities . 
  the term in france is not that long . 
  some countries have longer ones , some even for life and with no elections for their position . 
  the world is diverse and each country has its way of doing things , and they work for those countries . 
  the system in france works well for france , so that is why they have it . 
  remember europe is a continent not a country . 
  you really should have three threads , asking about london , amsterdam and france . 
  the answers to each would be diverse . 
  think of it as like someone asking someone from the united states , about argentina . 
  you would probably think it a bit strange to ask someone from the usa about argentina . 
  both countries are in the americas , but are completely different , as you know , and that is what you would say in response to anyone asking that . 
  that 's the way it is in europe too . 
  so ask about london and amsterdam , like you would about new york and buenos aires . 
  that europe is diverse , is your first and most important thing to know before going to europe . 
  i did n't miss it , but you have to play along . 
  next up is someone coming in to say there is a strange looking guy living down the road who does n't look human and talks funny !, 
   non-native klingon speakers do you think there are some native ones on reddit ? 
  some americans will say `` i 'm irish '' too , when they come to ireland . 
  getting back to your point , i still think the colour element within a white country may focus the identity of black people a little more and that naturally links back to the country their families came from . 
  a black person in a white country very obviously does n't have their origins in the country they are in , so they more naturally mention the country their family came from . 
  if you are in a white country and see a white person , it is only when you get talking to them that you might realise they are not locals . 
  the usa is also a country where a very large amount of the people are descended from immigrants , so they identify with that , while still being proud americans , so they mention both elements . 
  you probably also get a tendency for whites from different countries to marry each other more than people from different black countries doing so , so americans often have a mix of countries in their background , rather than one definite country which blacks are more likely to have . 
  when people are black in a predominantly white country , then there is that extra element to set them apart , which feeds into their sense of identity to make it stronger . 
  white people in a black country would also be essentially the same . 
  also , the cultural differences are larger between many africans and europeans , compared to the cultural differences between irish , british and north americans . 
  south americans would more identify more with spanish and portugeuse culture . 
  they are a result of the history of imperialism in the americas . 
  the natives , such as native americans , incas , aztecs etc. 
  were replaced by europeans over a much longer period than happened in africa , so the ties to various european culture were stronger . 
  so native americans do n't have the same ties to europe that those americans directly descended from europeans do , and that is the same for native africans not having the same ties to europe . 
  the white africans are descended from europeans , so they have closer ties . 
  there are differences , but they are not huge . 
  it is the same geographical island , so things that tourists come to see are often much the same , like the mountains , lakes , valleys etc. 
  there are nice places to see in both parts . 
  famous ones include the cliffs of moher in the republic of ireland and the giants ' causeway in northern ireland , and many other places around the whole island . 
  people are generally friendly wherever you go and you will feel welcome as an australian . 
  it is good to see it is on your list . 
  keep it there and do some more research . 
  here are two sites to try : [ f\u00e1ilte ireland ] ( http://www.failteireland.ie/ ) and [ discover northern ireland ] ( http://www.discovernorthernireland.com ), 
  europe has a huge amount of countries , so it would be impossible to spend time in them all of course .
