  we 're a little country , but we box well above our weight , and all without ever invading anyone . 
  once we get past the `` you 're irish . 
  sorry , we thought you were english '' hurdle , we 're fine !, 
  this question ... 
  again !!!!, 
  do n't you guys ever read back over threads before posting , in case it was asked before ? 
  this is a weekly one . 
  anyway , to answer the question , same as last week and the week before and the week before and ... oh and also for next week and the week after and the week after and the week after ... : shoes !, 
  yes , but kidnaps are still happening . 
  so some are successful somewhere along the line , or the practice would have died out . 
  you could also argue that if they did n't negotiate and terrorists got nothing and always killed their victims , that the practice would be futile for the terrorists and it would have died out . 
  so either way it would have died out , but it has n't . 
  many governments publicly say they do n't negotiate , but often they have . 
  it would n't look good for a government if the criminals carried out their threat , so often they do negotiate , while denying it . 
  very few kidnaps end with the victims dying . 
  there is always some communication , so naturally this does sometimes lead to negotiations . 
  so whatever the governments might tell the public , there is definitely something going on behind the scenes . 
  governments say they do n't , but they do . 
  we in ireland know that . 
  without it , we would n't have had the peace process . 
  lots of politicians were talking to them , on all sides . 
  you have to talk to them . 
  to make peace , you have to talk to your enemies . 
  that of course does n't preclude them from doing other things to tackle the terrorists . 
  however killing terrorists can be like chopping off the hydra 's head , in that even more come into replace them . 
  ah now here , be fair . 
  we have to be cautious . 
  ok , i know the scientific community are split on the issue , but you know as well as i do that many people in nasa and the esa believe that there was an attack on mars a few million years ago that could explain why there is no life there now . 
  you 've probably heard too , that some even believe that the real reason for uranus being tilted on its axis so far is down to some sort of failed attempt to conquer our solar system by the zebnobonese or zebnobians , whichever name you go with . 
  there is even a crazy russian scientist who believes that the great red spot on jupiter was caused by them too , though we ca n't blame them for the shooting of jfk or us being inflicted with x-factor . 
  of course not . 
  most of our regular police force do n't even carry guns , never mind kids . 
  it would be more important to have a drill in case there is an invasion of escaped prisoners from the planet zebnob , wherever that is , as that is more likely to happen . 
  at the last one students were instructed not to come to school by flying pig , as there were complaints by the neighbours of the schools because the pigs had literally had the shit scared out of them when they saw the costumes of the prisoners and it had landed in some bad places . 
  a traumatised woman has not been sunbathing since . 
  as explained it is a student exchange programme . 
  it has been around since 1987 . 
  the easy-going nature of irish people means that we do n't do riots like other countries do , so there are usually peaceful demonstrations . 
  since the economic crash there have been some big ones , most notably over the government 's attempts to bring in water charges . 
  one thing i 've learned is that the same questions get asked over and over again . 
  nobody seems to check past questions before posting one . 
  yes , the great joke that also shows the importance of lifelong marriage in ireland is that an irishman proposes by saying `` how would you like to be buried with my people ? '', 
  ireland has many songs . 
  cities and towns have them , as do counties . 
  many are thought of as anthems for those places . 
  dublin has many great songs . 
  `` molly malone '' is the most famous one , though not the best one . 
  for me , it would be `` dublin in the rare oul ' times '' . 
  there are a huge list of others . 
  `` the ferryman '' , `` on raglan road '' , `` the auld triangle '' , `` the rocky road to dublin '' , `` the spanish lady '' , and many , many others . 
  a huge amount of towns and cities in ireland are found around the world . 
  as for their stories , it is usually exiles naming places after home , so none have the real story that the original name has . 
  there are lots of dublins around the world . 
  * the * dublin comes from the irish words dubh linn ( dove ling ) , meaning black pool . 
  this is a reference to a pool of water that a settlement was built near . 
  it is near where dublin castle is now found . 
  interestingly the irish language name for dublin is not dubh linn . 
  it is baile \u00c1tha cliath ( bol - ya aw ha clee a ) . 
  it means the place at the crossing of the hurdle ford . 
  it was another settlement near dubh linn . 
  these two settlements grew to become modern dublin and the two names have survived . 
  the city of dublin celebrated city 1000 years of city status in 1988 , so it is now 1029 years old . 
  well , now that you know about it , go and see a game , of hurling or camogie . 
  there is a huge hurling match in dublin next weekend . 
  failing that , come to ireland sometime and see them . 
  ah ... cheap wine . 
   i 'll pass on the dinner invite so ... and keep my shoes on . 
  `` welcome , welcome . 
  i see a grain of sand on one of them , so please leave your shoes there , but do n't worry if you spill that lovely bottle of red wine you brought all over my lovely white carpet . '', 
  after the bottle has broken , having shoes on will be a good preventative measure for getting some glass into your foot . 
  a bit late to put the shoes on then as a reactive . 
  well there you go then , the dirt can be removed . 
  no problem so . 
  you get very few stains from people 's shoes . 
  you are more likely to get them from some food or drink , and those stains would be worse , but you do n't ban those from your house . 
  a good mat outside the door for people to wipe their shoes on will remove any real danger of a stain in any case . 
  if you have a recognised tefl and a degree , then you can get a job in lots of places , though competition is high . 
  there is a r/tefl sub here too which you could look at . 
  english is spoken and taught in a lot of european schools as a standard subject , so the real tefl demand is more outside of europe , like in asia . 
  well to teach english you need a degree of any kind , so yours would do , and also a teaching qualification for english , such as the celta . 
  you can get it in lots of places in australia . 
  find one near you . 
  you can do really short courses over a weekend sometimes , but you are better to go for something longer . 
  unless you are really intent on leaving australia , maybe see what you can do there to better prepare yourself , so things like doing a celta course or learning a new language or getting some other qualifications or more work experience . 
  the more of those things you have , the easier it will be to secure something in europe . 
  you may even get something that will make you want to stay at home . 
  as to your time spent in europe , you need to consider which countries you 've been to . 
  they are just a small sample of europe . 
  each country is different . 
  remember too , that it was holidays you were in europe for , and things look different that way . 
  you are n't worrying about getting work and accommodation etc. 
  and the day to day mundane things when you are on holidays . 
  you are not mad about australia at present , but most holidaymakers love it . 
  moving country is a huge thing , so think carefully . 
  i am not trying to put you off , but just get you to sit down and do some planning and research . 
  well , you mentioned that you speak english , so the uk , ireland or malta have english as a first language . 
  if you have another language or are willing to learn another one , then that opens up more possibilities . 
  many people speak english in most european countries , but not everyone , so you would need to learn the local language . 
  there are all the factors to consider , like getting a job and how your experience and qualifications match up to possible opportunities . 
  the cost of living and getting somewhere to live are important .
