  ironically there is some concern in some quarters about what will happen to british people living in countries around europe . 
  so it is ok for british people to live in other countries and they should not be sent home , but it is the opposite for immigrants in britain . 
  many of the immigrants in britain , even in modern times , were n't eu ones anyway , nor those that are coming through europe as a result of the chaos in syria et al. 
  they come from other countries , all around the world . 
  as to ones that are coming from the troubled parts , some of the problems in iraq and afghanistan that are causing people to leave are to do with british intervention there . 
  it is some of their own actions that are creating some of the immigration they are complaining about . 
  if they want to reduce immigration , then they should sort out the mess in the middle east and elsewhere , or not have intervened in the first place . 
  the big increase in immigration from those countries only started when they got involved . 
  it is not all east europeans coming , arising out of the eu expansion in 2004 . 
  yes , there were some good reasons to intervene in the middle east , but they have to be able to accept the consequences , immigration being one of them . 
  some people are interested , but not in the way americans often are . 
  so many , as we see them : americans , will tell you the fractional parts of their identity . 
  for many of us , they are 100 % american and it is those ancestors that are irish/scotch/german / polish etc. 
  so someone is n't half german and half polish , but are 100 % american with a german parent and a polish parent . 
  celebrate your ancestry by all means , but do n't forget where you come from . 
  your life will be dominated by things that are american and those things will have a far greater influence on you than where your ancestors come from . 
  you can be 100 % american and still be interested in the origins of your ancestors and their cultures . 
  you do n't have to be `` half french '' to celebrate your french mother 's culture as it were . 
  we do of course have an interest in our ancestors . 
  where we can get information we do . 
  things like the `` who do you think you are ? '', 
  programmes have increased genealogy interest . 
  in ireland , details of the census from 1901 and 1911 have gone online in recent years , and civil and parish records of various kinds , freely available . 
  that sparked a little more interest . 
  it is interesting to see your grandfather , that you remember as being a very old man , being listed as a child on a census form !, 
  during our civil war in the 1920s a lot of records were burnt in a fire and lost forever , unfortunately . 
  it is something that has made some genealogical research a bit more difficult in ireland . 
  some of them would be , but a lot are just full of england 's self importance and arrogance , hankering for the long gone empire and all that . 
  they have a 19th century mindset in the 21st century . 
  the world has moved on . 
  they have no problem getting involved in other countries , but want england all to themselves . 
  they may give out about all the foreigners in britain , but if it was n't for the british empire they so love , they would n't have a fraction of them . 
  they told people all around the world that they were british , and then gave out when those people decided to come to the motherland . 
  it was immigrants that rebuilt britain after ww2 , when they came in their thousands in the late 40s , 50s and 60s . 
  they 've got the benefits of the world and its people when it suits , but do n't want its problems . 
  in leaving the eu , they still want all the positive things that it gives , but do n't want the negatives . 
  that is what the negotiations will be trying to achieve . 
  contradictions , contradictions . 
  unfortunately , they will . 
  they ca n't see outside their own little world , tunnel vision in their voting , very fixed in their views . 
  it does n't matter what arlene did and her arrogance , from ignoring what people voted in the brexit referendum to refusing to step aside while the recent scheme was investigated . 
  they will still vote for her . 
  she can do no wrong , though she is doing everything wrong . 
  exactly . 
  that was the key factor , the little englanders , literally . 
  the scots do n't want to go . 
  the northern irish do n't want to go , although in typical unionist fashion , arlene and co can only look on the result as the uk as a whole , whereas nicola is able to see what her own people voted and give voice to it . 
  usual suspects : dublin , frankfurt and paris , with some others gaining too . 
  dublin is english-speaking , has a growing financial sector with many international banks and it companies , is attractive on tax and because of all of these things , it should get some business out of all of this . 
  we 'll also be looking at getting some of the european agencies to move here . 
  brexit will have a lot of negatives for ireland , but attracting business leaving britain could be one potential gain . 
  they should stay . 
  if they do go through with this stupidity , brought about by little-englander arrogance , it will not be good for ireland in many ways , particularly economically . 
  we have a huge amount of trade with them and it would be hard to replace it . 
  already businesses are feeling the effects , some even having gone out of business last year . 
  there may be some pros , as businesses in britain look for other places to go as a european base . 
  it could change a few factors , but some unionist objections to a united ireland are very deep-rooted , so it would be difficult to convince them , no matter what . 
  they are still `` european '' . 
  the uk wo n't be floating off and landing near the coast of africa . 
  as to them getting passports , then why not ? 
  for the record , i am an irishman living in dublin , so that qualifies me to answer !, 
  well ireland can certainly do the history , castles and scenery , and the food ai n't bad either . 
  depending on where you are coming from , it might be compatible with your tastes . 
  so add ireland to your list of possibilities if it is not on it at present . 
  hiding in the back of a lorry is a common one . 
  i do n't drive , so i use public transport a lot . 
  most commonly i use a light rail service that is not far from where i live and gets me to not far from where i work . 
  bus is a less common option and train less than that . 
  while i do n't drive , i am a passenger in a car often . 
  again as a result of not driving , i walk a lot . 
  you are likely to be asked about it , but you can quickly move the conversation on to other topics , so it should n't be a major issue . 
  you 'll have more important things to think and talk about . 
  so unless you have very strong views about trump , then a conversation about him wo n't go far . 
  so do n't be worrying about it now . 
  mainly cash . 
  sometimes my credit card , though mainly for online transactions . 
  hardly ever on my contactless card . 
  i recently installed android pay on the day it started in ireland , on the 7th of december and have used it a few times with my phone . 
  i have it linked to my credit card . 
  as it is still new in ireland , a lot of places do n't support android pay . 
  only two banks do , but others should start to do so soon . 
  a cashless society is getting closer . 
  yes , for a long time through his wealth , his wives , his tv show and other things . 
  he also owns property in ireland . 
  thanks for your indepth reply . 
  since i posted the thread i went into the / r/bulgaria and saw someone had put a similar one there , and there are mixed opinions . 
  corruption does seem to be an issue . 
  like in many countries though , people keep electing the people they continually complain about . 
  bulgaria , it appears , is no different . 
  corruption is one of the negatives other countries associate with bulgaria . 
  exploring some of the other threads in / r/bulgaria i even saw someone saying that judges could be paid in order for people to get their way in divorce and custody cases . 
  it is things like that which the ordinary people have to stand up against and demand higher standards in the way things are done . 
  some of those eu investment projects would benefit more people if they could tackle the corruption culture . 
  investment that ireland got since joining the then eec in 1973 has transformed the country . 
  there is waste and corruption , but not on the same scale as there appears to be in bulgaria . 
  hopefully things will get better for you all . 
  3 years in ireland ; can you tell me more about that ? 
  where ? 
  why ? 
  what you thought about ireland etc. .
