  be proud of where you come from . 
  every country has something in their history that may not make them popular , but those who think that and can not separate the people from the authorities and establishment , are n't worth worrying about . 
  there is no need to mention politics , if it is n't mentioned to you . 
  there is an old saying about not discussing religion or politics here in ireland , because they can become difficult , but that is just a saying . 
  people discuss them all the time . 
  so go ahead and plan your holiday . 
  as people are saying football is easier to play and follow . 
  rugby is a very technical game , and while people can watch and enjoy it , it can be difficult for them to know what is going on without a commentator to explain , and there is the referees being wired up now . 
  at worst , it can also be a very slow game , with a lot of stopping and starting , but when it opens up it is good to watch . 
  ireland is one of the top rugby nations , so it is popular here . 
  in some parts of ireland , most notably limerick , it is a huge sport . 
  just last weekend , for the first time ever , the irish international team beat new zealand , after 111 years of trying . 
  the game was played in chicago , so as far as irish sports fans are concerned , it was a bigger thing than the cubs winning the world series in baseball . 
  it has become more popular since it went professional and more competitions came in for teams . 
  it would be great to see rugby becoming more popular , but it would take a long time to build the tradition and levels needed to get more countries to a competitive level . 
  so football is going to remain much more popular . 
  no , it has been popular for a lot longer than that , in a much wider range of areas . 
  well when the person that gets the most votes can lose , then obviously not . 
  if it was any other country , the americans would be complaining about the country 's system and proposing anything from independent observers up to regime change . 
  in this case , they are telling the world to mind their own business , a reply they would not accept from anyone else . 
  if you want to bring democracy to other countries , start by getting it at home first . 
  they see europe as having a better chance of making a better life for themselves . 
  it is the old `` the streets are paved with gold '' idea . 
  emigrants try to look to the best they can get to , which is n't always the neighbouring country . 
  too soon . 
  then , about two days after christmas actually starts , it all stops . 
  this , despite one of the songs that we hear many variations of during those weeks is the 12 days of christmas . 
  so ironically , one of the times of year that you are least likely to hear christmas music is ... during christmas !, 
  for me a credit card is a convenience , particularly since the advent of the internet . 
  i rarely use mine offline . 
  so it is mainly online and i also have a few payments taken directly from it , such as my phone bill . 
  i always like to have it paid off in time and even have it in credit when possible . 
  in the over 22 years that i 've had it , i 've only been charged interest once . 
  i only have one credit card . 
  anyone that manages their money properly , should n't need more than one . 
  they should use it as a convenience , not some bottomless pit of money . 
  doing that is what gets people into trouble . 
  people should n't spend beyond their means where possible , except when they know that soon they will be able to pay off the debt , like if their next pay day is shortly approaching . 
  credit is good , but people should know how to properly use it and a credit card . 
  another vote for prague here , and i 'd throw krakow in there too . 
  budapest is one i 'd like to visit , so that is another for your list . 
   have the refugees been as bad as reddit portrays them to be ? 
  no they have not . 
  extreme view always go beyond reality , and those with extreme views are more likely to post than those with views that reflect the reality . 
  so you can read all the extreme posts that you want , but the reality is much different . 
  first of all , a point of clarification : if you are in england , you are in a member country of the eu already . 
  after that point has been cleared up , in six months there is a wide variety of places that you could visit , far too many to mention . 
  obviously you would start with the classic ones such as paris , rome etc. 
  it also depends on what you like . 
  you may prefer urban or you may prefer rural . 
  you may like sightseeing or you may prefer to avoid the real touristy places . 
  with that much time you could spend a lot of time in europe . 
  as you said yourself , you probably should have planned this better . 
  it is not too late though . 
  get out a map and look at where you can travel and start picking out places that you would like to go . 
  showing my bias here , do n't forget to come to ireland !!, 
  like others here , i do n't know anything about it . 
  italian politics has a reputation for being unstable and for having some corruption . 
  that would lead you to wonder about this and what is exactly happening . 
  well , eh ... , history !, 
  obviously irish history , european history and some world history . 
  one of our history teachers was very good in that he also tried to teach us a bit about life , to prepare us for the world we were going into . 
  so in our history classes , it was n't just all history . 
  this teacher had a reputation for being difficult , but he was actually quite good . 
  he told us he used to do things like start shouting in his office as if he was giving out to someone , all so passing students could hear him . 
   he taught us a lot , not just history . 
  do n't ask me to list specific things as it is quiet a while back now , back in the depths of history . 
  it is not a case of leaving your guns there , but the shooting range providing them . 
  i 've gone clay pigeon shooting in ireland , but i do n't own a gun . 
  if you own them , then of course you are not going to leave them there . 
  i would n't suggest that . 
  a hobbyist might need more and that is ok , but the psyche around guns is different in most countries compared to the usa . 
  so some people have loads of them , most that they do n't use . 
  it is just a normal thing to have them . 
  ireland won its independence with guns , a lot more recently and like many other countries , but the gun culture is n't in the psyche . 
  even if they need a few guns for the range or hunting , and yes it can be better to have equipment if you are a regular at a sport or hobby , there are some people that have them almost like we 'd have stamp collections . 
  they do n't need all of them . 
  some get them to just prove a point . 
  for others it is a collection , though they hardly ever use them . 
  the way guns are sold is crazy . 
  `` could i have a loaf of bread , a bar of chocolate and two revolvers please ! '', 
  maybe he has four hangover holidays , hang holidays as it were !, 
  the current round of strikes in ireland is just because we are coming out of a recession and people want to get back some of the money that the cutbacks and cut in wages created . 
  the government ca n't give them all at once because they ca n't afford it . 
  they could afford some individual claims , but if one gets it then the others will want it and then it becomes difficult . 
  most of the strikes come down to that one issue : restoration of pay . 
  it is a lot different to the strikes in the 1970s and 1980s , which really was industrial turmoil . 
  then the government , unions , employers and other relevant parties all came together to put in agreements and procedures to deal with it all , resulting in a significant reduction in strikes . 
  those arrangements and relationships between the various parties fractured as a result of the recession and need to be rebuilt to get more industrial peace . 
  number 4 is the first monday in may , not necessarily may day itself , though it is to recognise workers . 
  so it is just the may bank holiday . 
  similarly number 7 is the last monday in october and just the october bank holiday , not halloween . 
  it just happened to fall that way this year . 
  i do n't mean to be pedantic , but just to clarify it for others reading . 
  you could go shooting as a sport , without owning a gun , just like you can do many things without owning objects you need to do it . 
  you do n't need to own a bowling ball and shoes to go bowling . 
  so there is nothing to stop you doing your thing at a shooting range if you did not own a gun . 
  they could provide them . 
  guns are deep-rooted in the american psyche . 
  whether it is wild west movies or modern tv programs where people use guns etc. , they are exposed to guns in so many ways .
