  even in a lot of the modern shows , there can be a lot of shooting but no one gets hurt . 
  the a-team were meant to be a crack unit , yet they hardly ever hit anyone !, 
   everywhere an american looks , in fiction or reality , they see guns and so they have been normalised to them . 
  having a gun and pulling a trigger is just a normal thing to them . 
  that is the big difference compared to many other countries . 
  i am in ireland and i would n't dream of having a gun . 
  there is no need for it . 
  most of our ordinary police force do n't even have them , just special armed units . 
  a policeman was shot dead while on duty in 2013 . 
  that was the first time that had happened since 1996 . 
  so it is quite safe to be without guns , even for an unarmed police force . 
  trying not to go too political here as requested , but anyway : usa 2016 is long way from the second amendment in 1791 . 
  those that put it in were n't thinking about kids going into schools and shooting everything around them , or others going into public areas and doing the same . 
  if they thought that would happen as a result of the amendment , it would have been different . 
  the mindset around guns now is completely different and those that want to hold them want to hold them for different reasons than in 1791 . 
  stricter regulations does n't mean taking the right to guns away any more than stricter rules of the road is an attempt to ban driving . 
  so what do law abiding gun owners have to fear anyway ? 
  for all their talk about protection , when one of those nutcases does go wild in a public place with a gun , it 's never an ordinary citizen that takes them out . 
  it is sometimes a policeman or most often , the person shoots themselves . 
  so although they scream for their right to have a gun for their own protection , in the heat of the moment they do n't even use them . 
  so it is really something that americans see as a norm . 
  that mindset will be very hard to break . 
  as long as they see it as being deprived of something , it will always be controversial . 
  having a gun , whatever about actually using it , is seen as a norm . 
  for me and many irish people and many people in other countries , life without a gun is the norm . 
  it works for us . 
  halloween is big in ireland . 
  while once it was a one night thing , you now have people putting up decorations , days and even weeks in advance . 
  like christmas , it has become very commercialised . 
  as to the night itself , it is full of bonfires , fireworks and kids calling to your door in costumes . 
  so it is a big thing in ireland . 
  i do n't drive . 
  i walk or use public transport . 
  i live in the suburbs of a city , dublin , so it makes it easier , and my wife drives . 
  it is only when you have to get to an awkward place that is not well served by public transport , or want to transport people or large items , like some shopping , that you need a car . 
  for just getting myself around , being without a car is fine . 
  i am not afraid of walking longer distances . 
  i am not one of those people who will wait at a bus stop for 15 minutes , get on , go one stop , a journey that would have taken 5 minutes to walk . 
  some people are very lazy . 
  if i see by real time information that the next one is due in 15 minutes and i know it will take me less than that to get to the next stop , then i 'll walk . 
  it kills time for one thing . 
  i am a fast walker too . 
  i 'd do the same when getting a taxi . 
  every step you walk gets you closer to home and saves you money . 
  someone could stand for half an hour waiting and when they get one , they will still have the full journey still to go . 
  i 'll have walked for 30 minutes , be closer to home and get home quicker and cheaper . 
  while walking along , you can also have a better chance of getting a taxi than waiting in a queue . 
  so while people may laugh if they see you starting to walk , you are being the clever one . 
  walking keeps you fit . 
  it is good for clearing your head after a night out . 
  i do n't have to worry about tax , insurance , fuel , repairs and other costs associated with driving . 
  so there are lots of benefits to not driving . 
   that 's just the irish word for `` pm '' . 
  actually , it 's not . 
  it is a common misconception . 
  the irish word for prime minister is pr\u00edomh aire . 
  ireland does not have a prime minister , just like britain does not have a taoiseach . 
  we both have heads of government , but the titles are different . 
  why should puerto rico wait for texas to leave ? 
  of course , maybe people do n't want a 51 star flag !, 
  the taoiseach is the official title of the head of the irish government . 
  no other country in the world has a head of the irish government , so obviously the job only exists in ireland . 
  tee-shock might be an easier way of representing the pronunciation in writing . 
  it is not perfect , but you 'd have to hear it to know . 
  even then , people would have variations in how they pronounce it , so what i have written will cover it . 
  katie taylor , olympic champion boxer and multiple world and european champion , who has just announced that she is turning professional . 
  i 'm from dubbelin meself too . 
  fancy a few scoops ? 
  roight pal , come over here and call me dat . 
  of course people in the printing trade and related industries would love the business from having to produce things like new stationery or flags every time there was a change . 
  so no matter how inconvenient it might be for many people , someone somewhere is going to be on a winner from it . 
  they would takes things very literally , so if 50 stars stood for 50 states , then if one left there would have to be 49 stars , otherwise the flag would be meaningless . 
  jaysus , i never heard anthin so bleedin stupit in all me life !, 
  as for the posh accent , as you should know , there are not many posh people in dublin city centre , except when they come into brown thomas to do their shopping . 
  as for the real inner city , they would n't risk driving their bmw through there , let alone stop and say anything . 
  they might say `` faster '' to the chaffeur , but that is it . 
  no problem . 
  ireland does n't have the same jaywalking roles as other countries . 
  basically , if you are close to a zebra crossing , you should use it , rather than crossing where you are . 
  there are no fines , though some think there should be . 
  i would not be one of those . 
  here are parts of the relevant acts , from 1964 and 1997 :  section 38 of the road traffic act 1964   use of zebra crossings  38 . -- ( 1 ) on a roadway on which a zebra crossing has been provided a pedestrian shall not cross the roadway within 50 feet of the crossing except by the crossing . 
   road traffic act 1997 -  ( 7 ) on a roadway on which a traffic sign number rpc 001 [ pedestrian crossing ] has been provided , a pedestrian shall not cross the roadway within 15 metres of the crossing , except by the crossing . 
  you forgot another big one : recruitireland.com, 
  ireland , like any country , has many great songs and great pieces of music . 
  many songs are associated with particular counties . 
  so there is `` molly malone '' and `` dublin in the rare auld times '' for dublin or `` the banks of my own lovely lee '' for cork or `` boolavogue '' for wexford and so on . 
  some of the better ones become national songs . 
  then there are the more general ones , like `` a nation once again '' or `` four green fields '' to name but two , both of which have a nationalistic element . 
  a lot of songs are like that . 
  we have many songs about a love of a woman or of a place . 
  there are songs of emigrants thinking of ireland from afar . 
  there are songs that have become songs associated with sports fans . 
  `` the fields of athenry '' is a good example . 
  strangely , athenry is a town in county galway which is in the province of connacht , but it is a song that is used by supporters of the rugby team of munster , another one of ireland 's provinces . 
  you 'd need to come to ireland and go into a good irish music pub to hear a lot of good irish songs , or at least find a good crowd of irish people near you who are having a sing-song . 
  true . 
  i was staying for a weekend in wiesbaden once . 
  on friday night the bars were full . 
  i drank a bit too much , the beer being stronger than i realised .
