  killing civilians was n't right . 
  you have to remember though that it was being done by the british throughout the troubles too , so it was not decades ago . 
  it was modern times . 
  one of the biggest boosts in recruitment for the ira was after the british army opened fire on a peaceful march and killed 13 unarmed civilians on the 30th of january , 1972 , an event known as bloody sunday . 
  that was but one of many events that happened during the troubles where british troops killed people . 
  it was n't , as often portrayed , all one side doing the killing . 
  the troubles started because of decades of discrimination from the 1920s through to the the start of the troubles at the end of the 1960s . 
  simple basic rights were not given to one side of the community , despite long peaceful efforts to do so . 
  irish history is long and complex , as is the case with northern ireland . 
  as someone said , if you think you understand northern ireland , then you do n't understand northern ireland . 
  it has often been portrayed as simply catholics v protestants , but it is far more complex than that . 
  you have a simplistic view of it , but it is far more complex and it is obvious that you do n't know much more than your simplistic view . 
  you are not alone in that , as many people do n't understand northern ireland and take it as something simpler than it is . 
  there are lots of major cities that you could go to , too many to list . 
  as you are english-speaking , ireland and britain have some advantages . 
  there are a lot of countries across the rest of europe that are good candidates . 
  you need to sit down and think carefully and look at options . 
  narrow down what you are interested in . 
  check out factors like price , time , practicalities of places to travel between , your interests etc. 
  you will find far more options than you can choose , so you 'll have to make a few hard decisions . 
  it will also enable you to have plans for another visit in the future . 
  yes , in ireland it is perfectly normal to drink tap water without any filtering . 
  the quality of fresh water in ireland is quite good . 
  visitors often drink tea or coffee here and liking it , they buy some local brands to bring home . 
  on doing so they find that the taste is not the same , and that is probably due to the difference in quality of water . 
  this factor also explains why the guinness brewed in dublin is of a higher quality taste than guinness brewed elsewhere in the world . 
  if you want healthcare and other public services , then you have to pay tax . 
  that is what we do in ireland . 
  the way the health service works in the usa is crazy . 
  i know of a young girl charged tens of thousands of dollars while on holidays in florida , just to get an appendix out . 
  nobody likes paying taxes , but to avoid that kind of insanity , you have to . 
  in ireland we have both a public and private system . 
  those with health insurance can get seen quicker , often by the exact same doctor that it would take months to see if they went public . 
  many doctors work both in the public and private system . 
  as a result , we have people waiting months and even years to see a doctor . 
  the cost of health insurance can be quite high and always seems to be increasing . 
  so far , we have n't got the universal health service that has been often talked about . 
  so our system is far from perfect , but it is better than being subject to the kind of extortion you see in the usa . 
  ireland and dublin . 
  if you are in barcelona , you are going to be a lot nearer to france naturally , and there is the coastal areas to explore if you go to france that way . 
  through the pyrenees would be beautiful , but a more difficult drive . 
  you could even take in andorra . 
  it is a lot further to portugal , but if you have enough time , then you could head for north of portugal and check out the coast and cities like coimbra . 
  op , this is loosely related to the [ `` germans and other continentals europeans - why wo n't you cross the street when there is no traffic coming ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/59a9dh/germans_and_other_continentals_europeans_why_wont/ ) thread i posted a few months back . 
  it relates to pedestrians , but you were probably thinking along similar lines as i was , in relation to how continental europeans approach these kinds of scenarios . 
  it is interesting to see how different people do things differently and what influences them . 
  figures released for ireland at the end of january 2017 : * dunnes stores 22.7 % * supervalu 22.5 % * tesco 22.4 % * aldi 10.6 % * lidl 10.3 % * others 11.3 %, 
  it is certainly not something i did or ever heard of anyone doing in ireland . 
  it seems everyone else celebrates st. patrick 's day . 
  not bad for a little country like us to have such wide an impact . 
  in ireland the big days of other countries are celebrated . 
  pub culture is big in ireland , so they will jump on anything to promote themselves even more . 
  like the op , you will find irish people and ex-pats celebrating the likes of us independence day . 
  chinese new year is getting bigger and other days . 
  there are oktoberfest events in ireland too . 
  so certainly in ireland , we do celebrate special events of other nations . 
  usually i have a diluted orange drink . 
  on those really freezing cold winter mornings , i have a nice cold diluted orange drink . 
   i heard jack\u00edn was to do with all the union jacks dubliners waved for queen victoria 's visit . 
  that is one story , but a lot of people dismiss that one . 
  well , as a native of dublin , i could tell you a huge amount of things to do there . 
  it is a historic city , with lots of nice architecture and culture . 
  it is famous for its pubs and friendly people . 
  there are unique things to do , like go to see a hurling or gaelic football match in the summer . 
  there are many sorts of walking tours around the city . 
  it is the largest city in ireland , but still reasonably small and compact by international standards . 
  so you can see a lot of it on foot . 
  it is coastal , so there are lots of nice towns along the coast to visit . 
  to the south you have mountains and then you are into county wicklow , the so-called garden of ireland . 
  glendalough is one of its highlights , but there is a lot more so it is definitely worth a day trip , seeing as it is on dublin 's doorstep . 
  with the exception of rush hour , you can get out of dublin and into the countryside quite quickly . 
  we get a lot of visitors and lot of those that are planning on coming ask about it in r/dublin so you will find lots of information there if you peruse the threads . 
  we ca n't promise you good weather , but there are lots of indoor things to do . 
  so yes , stick dublin on your list and come over and see us . 
  you 'll get a `` c\u00e9ad m\u00edle f\u00e1ilte '' , as we say . 
  that translates as a one hundred thousand welcomes . 
   paddy for irish - derived from patrick . 
  ironically , he was n't irish . 
  he may even have been english , from the north of england , around cumbria . 
  he was taken to ireland as a slave and later brought christianity . 
  getting back to the question , being from ireland i am irish . 
  i am from dublin , referred to as a dubliner or more commonly , just a dub . 
  being the capital city , the rest of the country often looks at it and its people in different ways and have names for them . 
  a `` jackeen '' is one slightly derogatory term , whose origins are meant to be historical , possibly going back to when the jacobite forces - associated with king james - were resident in dublin in the 17th century . 
  countries in europe are different sizes and there are other factors . 
  ireland is small and also an island , limiting how far we can travel . 
  east to west can be done in well under 3 hours . 
  dublin to galway has motorway all the way , making it easier . 
  it is only about 130 miles/208 kilometres . 
  road quality has improved in ireland , so it would have taken longer 20-30 years ago . 
  north to south is a longer distance and the road quality for parts would not be as good , depending on your start and end points . 
  belfast to cork is practically all motorway . 
  derry , which is closer to the north coast and so a bit further , to cork would much take longer , but mainly because the quality of roads . 
  going a more indirect route , via dublin , is actually quicker , due to the quality of the roads . 
  it is an issue for lots of countries that have more than one official language . 
  ireland has irish and english . 
  you will see \u00c9ire on our coins , the official name in the irish language . 
  however , as most people speak english , and it is also an official language , ireland is used by most people . 
  people should stick to the names that they use for other countries .
