  so split you trip into regions . 
  do a few in eastern europe , a few in southern europe etc. 
  in terms of attitude towards strangers , each country is of course different , but australia is not a country that people would have particular issues with . 
  you 'll get a feel for countries as you go through them . 
  here in ireland , you 'd certainly get a welcome . 
  we are laid back too and so you would get on well . 
  are there any hidden gems ? 
  yes , but you only have 8 weeks . 
  everyone could list a few , so maybe pick a few and also leave things to chance and you might get a few surprises . 
  that 's part of the fun . 
  as you travel , you will also get tips from people you meet , so leave flexibility within your plans . 
  english is spoken in most countries , particularly in the tourism sector . 
  so you 'll get by . 
  do n't worry too much about that . 
  methods of travel ? 
  vary it a bit . 
  it depends on where you are going . 
  plan your route . 
  neighbouring countries might be good for road or rail , while longer distances would require flights . 
  you can get to britain or ireland by ferry , and between the two of them , so you could do that if you definitely want to get a ferry at some point . 
  weather ? 
  europe 's summer is generally warm , so it is a good time to travel . 
  some parts of europe are more predictable than others . 
  irish weather is notoriously unpredictable for example . 
  wherever you are going , come prepared . 
  you are getting mixed answers , and you will do so here , because europe is diverse . 
  that is part of the fun . 
  enjoy your trip . 
   i 'm glad you listed king 's inn , often overlooked yes , there are a lot of nice building in dublin that people do n't see as much of . 
  it is one of the finest examples of that . 
  a lovely setting with the gardens in front of it . 
  the trees block the view a little , but are nice too . 
  there is of course the one that is `` eating '' the bench . 
  i meant the gpo , not the spire , though i can see how you could read it that way . 
  the spire is not a building after all . 
  some like it and some hate it . 
  i like it , but dublin has much more things of interest in terms of architecture and design . 
  have a look at my site in the previous post . 
  the gpo is one of dublin 's finest buildings . 
  some would say the finest . 
  it is a very imposing building . 
  personally i think the custom house is dublin 's finest building and there are others in the running too , like the four courts , the bank of ireland on college green , the king 's inns and many others . 
  here are some photos of [ buildings in dublin ] ( http://homepage.eircom.net/~flukey/dublincity.htm ) that i have taken which will give you ideas of choices in the city . 
  we do have some many fine buildings in dublin , and other nice things in the city too . 
  we do well on green space . 
  you can not paint all people of one religion as a problem . 
  if that were the case , people from nearly every country and religion could be banned . 
  from the late 1960s through to the 1990s , there was terrorism in northern ireland , often associated with differences between catholics and protestants - though it was far more complicated than that - and there was a certain amount of distrust of irish people in britain in particular , though the vast majority of people did not in any way support the sides involved . 
  that would be true of the vast majority of muslims in relation to the terrorism we think of today . 
  most are ordinary people , just wanting to get on with their lives and going in search of a better one . 
  many are fleeing terrorism , trying to move to a safer country . 
  others are leaving for economic reasons , just as immigrants around the world do . 
  in the early morning of the 8th of march 1966 , not long before the 50th anniversary of the 1916 easter rising , nelson 's pillar , in o'connell street in dublin , was blown up by the ira , leaving a large stump in the street . 
  it had been a dublin landmark , but controversial . 
  having a british naval hero on the main street of the capital city of an independent country that had been under british rule , obviously did n't sit well for many people . 
  for those of you that know dublin , it stood where now stands the spire , the very tall object just outside the general post office , one of dublin 's finest buildings . 
  a few days later the irish army were brought in to destroy the rest of the pillar . 
  parts of it are now found in museums and on public display around ireland . 
  we do n't have compulsory voting in ireland and i would agree with that position . 
  in a free country , people should not be forced to vote . 
  some people deliberately do n't do so as a protest . 
  others have no interest in politics . 
  forcing them to vote is n't going to force them to have an interest and is n't necessarily going to get an informed decision from them . 
  we have proportional representation with a single transferrable vote system and mult-seat constituencies . 
  it can be complex for some , but interesting for others too . 
  we do n't use electronic voting . 
  it was trialled here , but people did n't like it and also , irish people like the excitement and drama of a real count , rather than an instantaneous result . 
  political analysts and journalists like that too . 
  there are no regional anthems per se , nothing official , but all of the counties of ireland have songs associated with them . 
  many counties have a number of songs associated with them . 
  in general sing songs , they would commonly be sung and people would know songs of many counties , so they are also treated as songs of ireland . 
  at gaelic football and hurling matches , our two national sports , songs from counties will be sung , along with other songs and chants associated with those counties . 
  on some occasions after a team wins , a song from that county will be played over the public address system . 
  we have of course got a national anthem : `` amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann '' or in english : `` the soldiers ' song '' . 
  as you will see from the name in the link and if you look at the document itself , it is written in both the irish language and the english language , ireland 's two official languages . 
  well there is the zoo , but they are not left roaming wild around the park . 
  it is a huge park , the biggest walled park in europe , at about 1752 acres or about 7.07 square kilometres , so there is a lot in it . 
  you have the residencies of the president of ireland , the papal nuncio and the american ambassador . 
  also in it are : dublin zoo , st. mary 's hospital , mckee barracks , the ordnance survey office , the headquarters of the garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na ( irish police ) and many other things . 
  in 1979 , pope john paul ii celebrated mass there . 
  it was attended by about 1,250,000 people , and that was just in one open area of the park . 
  lots of it has trees . 
  if you look at a map of dublin , you will see the park on the northwest edge of the city , and it is nearly as large as the whole city centre . 
  it is a great amenity of dublin . 
  one thing dublin does really well is green space , as we have many parks and squares around the city . 
  yes , it should be a right . 
  you can detain someone for a period of time and question them , but they should n't be detained indefinitely . 
  there are often double standards with this issue , like when a citizen of one country is detained in another country there is outrage , yet they have no problem doing it in their own country . 
  a foreigner is treated with more suspicion than a native . 
  look at the current situation with trump , where people are being blocked from entry with nothing other than their nationality as being a reason . 
  in `` innocent until proven guilty '' scenarios there is at least some crime having been carried out , whereas here people are effectively being assumed guilty when there is no crime . 
  it would be punishing the individuals more than trump , so while it might put some pressure on him through public opinion , there could be other ways that do n't impact on the ordinary people as much . 
  ireland does n't have any real exotic animals , so it is more the simpler and slightly elusive ones that are nice to see . 
  so something as seeing [ an urban fox , especially in daylight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-kty-pjbtu ) is good . 
  in dublin 's largest park , phoenix park , there are lots of deer . 
  if you go to the right parts of the park they are easy to see , but it is nice to do so . 
  sometimes you 'll see them in unexpected parts of the park , or see their eyes reflecting in darkness as you drive through the park late at night . 
  squirrels are common enough , but still nice to see . 
  recently i saw a group of people stopped and looking high into a tree where they had spotted one . 
  we have a lot of grey squirrels , which are not native , so to see a native red squirrel is less common .
