  it does n't often stick at lower levels , and even heavier snows only last a few days , before it all melts . 
  very occasionally , we 'd get really heavy snow that would stay for many days . 
  the last time was about 6 or 7 years ago , and before that it was back in 1982 . 
  so it is a rare occurrence to get really bad snow at ground level in ireland . 
  in the mountains , yes , but nothing like you would have in somewhere like the alps , so there are no ski resorts in ireland . 
  maybe an occasional cull of the hunters might help too . 
  while snow can be lovely to start with , the novelty soon wears off when all the practical issues kick in . 
  the roads are a great example . 
  as we do n't get as much snow , irish drivers are n't as used to it and are overly cautious and under-prepared , resulting in huge traffic jams . 
  that creates great frustration too . 
  the authorities are n't as good as dealing with the problems either when we get really bad snow . 
  it does n't happen very often . 
  6 or 7 years ago we had a bad one , but it was the worst since a famous one in 1982 , so it was quite some time since a really bad one . 
   we actively take steps to mitigate those risks . 
  me too , but i take that one extra one that you do n't and it has been quite successful . 
  it 's in the name !, 
  would you like to volunteer yourself so that we can all be enlightened and become wiser ? 
   pilot whales are n't considered endangered . 
  stop hunting them and it will stay that way . 
  you mean sweden . 
  yes , there is always the sort of general idea in ireland , that the usa is west of us , when it is in fact canada . 
  cold winter cities in the usa , like new york with its heavy winter snowfalls , is much further south , and the idea of snow in lisbon or madrid in winter is practically unthinkable . 
  glass dropped on a hard kitchen floor , what a combination . 
  you have to be especially careful with the kids and so it is good have the gate , but even an adult is not immune to standing on something . 
  only the other night a glass fell onto our kitchen floor , and it went everywhere . 
  i was the only one still up , and i did a thorough clean-up , but the next morning i still warned my wife not to go into the kitchen barefoot , and not to let the children do so either . 
  glass is of course the worst thing , but even lesser items if stood on can cause pain , or doing something like stubbing a toe off something or dropping an item onto a foot can all be painful too . 
  these issues can be avoided or at least mitigated by wearing something , be it shoes or even some indoor footwear like slippers . 
  then there are other things , like if you want to very quickly nip outside for a moment , like to throw something into the bin . 
  do you put shoes on and take them off on returning everytime , or just go out in bare feet , which carries some of the same risks ? 
  with a lot of the shoes off people cleaning up so regularly , any dirt that does get brought in wo n't stay long on the floor anyway . 
  the old shoes on/off in the house debate , has many sides to it , a lot more than mentioned here . 
  shoes on always wins for me though . 
  true , but the impact reduces as you move further east . 
  ireland does not get the extremes of winter that equivalent latitudes in central and eastern europe do for example . 
  we do n't get the extremes of heat either . 
  25 \u00b0 c is a hot day in ireland . 
  it is rare we hit 30 \u00b0 c. 
  of course you have to factor in the sea breezes for parts of the country , but still our extremes of heat and cold do n't compare with some other parts of europe , especially as you head further east . 
  like our sea breezes , those countries have other geographical influences of course too , but still , there is a marked difference . 
  that too , but rule 1 came first , and as i said there is still a chance of slipping while walking without shoes , especially in socks . 
  it might be safer with the shoes on . 
  it also takes away the risk of standing on something painful , like an unnoticed thumb tack or a tiny piece of glass . 
  even with regular cleaning , there are still going to be times when there will be items on the floor , before the next clean up . 
  there is also the chance of missing something . 
  when a broken glass hits the floor it is amazing how far some bits of glass can go , and even a thorough clean up could miss a bit . 
  combine that with a bare foot or even with a foot wearing a sock and ... ouch !, 
  yes it is incredible how much better the weather in western europe is compared to other parts of the world at the same latitude . 
  here in ireland in particular , we get the benefits more than some of the countries in western europe on our latitude , like having less snow in winter . 
  shoes that could bring dirt into the house or stinky socks and/or feet , with a chance of trodding on something that will injure the foot or slipping . 
  there are arguments for and against both . 
   wiped out while running up the hard wood stair case in socks sounds like a good argument for keeping the shoes on . 
  they could slip while walking , never mind running . 
  lourdes is a great place , whether you are a believer or not . 
  many people do very good work , voluntarily helping others there . 
  it draws good people and has a special atmosphere . 
  i have been there on a number of occasions . 
  all sorts of people go there for all sorts of reasons , so do n't knock it and them . 
  this very weekend members of the world 's military are having their annual pilgrimage to lourdes . 
  as to all the shops , the local people have to make a living , and some do it that way . 
  it is the same in any place in the world that attracts visitors . 
  it is no different in that regard . 
  they are all outside the domain , which is the focal area for pilgrims . 
  it is a state body to oversee ireland 's water facilities . 
  ireland has not had water charges in their own right , water having been funded out of general taxation for many years . 
  with irish water being set up , the government wanted to install meters and bring in water charges . 
  let 's just say , that proved hugely controversial in ireland , becoming a focal point for wider frustrations at the austerity that has been imposed since the financial crisis in 2008 , which brought in many other taxes and charges . 
  water charges were brought in , but revoked again . 
  it is still a controversial issue . 
  the party will elect a new leader , which will happen on the 2nd of june . 
  as i have mentioned in more detail in a post above , that leader will then have be elected as taoiseach by the irish parliament : d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann , and then officially appointed by the president of ireland . 
  enda kenny is resigning as leader of fine gael at midnight tonight , but will remain as taoiseach until a new one has been elected in june . 
  it is a word from the irish language , meaning `` chieftain '' or `` leader '' . 
  since the 1937 constitution in ireland , it has been used as the official title for a head of the irish government . 
  prior to that the term was the president of the executive council . 
  taoiseach is a distinct word , in that its literal translation is as above and not prime minister . 
  pr\u00edomh aire is the irish for prime minister . 
  if you use the term `` prime minister '' here in ireland , most people associate that with the british prime minister . 
  `` taoiseach '' is used as an every day word by people in ireland . 
  so even people who say they do n't have a word of irish , actually do . 
   enda kenny has resigned as leader of his party , fine gael , as of midnight tonight . 
  a new leader will be elected on the 2nd of june and that person will become the next taoiseach later . 
  the d\u00e1il , which is the irish parliament , will officially have to elect a taoiseach , and then the president will officially appoint that person . 
  enda kenny will remain taoiseach until the next person takes over . 
  enda kenny has been a td ( a member of the irish parliament ) since 1975 . 
  in typical irish-style , he took the seat of his father in a by-election , after his father died . 
  enda has been re-elected at every election since and is now the longest serving td , the so-called `` father of the house '' . 
  he has been the leader of fine gael since 2002 and taoiseach since 2011 , recently becoming the longest ever serving fine gael taoiseach . 
  europe is not a country . 
  if you are talking about ancestry , you should be talking about what countries your ancestors came from and what countries influenced argentina , not the continent . 
  europe is very diverse , some parts being radically different , so cultures are more identifiable by country . 
  spain and portugal mainly influenced south america , so other parts of europe have no relevance . 
  so forget europe and think countries . 
  yes , and colas are n't beers . 
  thanks . 
  we like being who we are , so that 's what we 'll stay as . 
  good . 
  no civilised country should have the death penalty , or even uncivilised ones . 
  is that a fact ? 
  yes , i know exactly where it is .
