  [ * pax romana intensifies * ], 
  bahahahahaha someone seems to be really in touch with reality !, 
  well you 'd better shut up and enjoy the fruits of direct democracy !, 
  norway ? 
  but we should ... 
  hypothetically , if we sent only the best from each country we would still have won . 
  get out already !, 
  it 's a made up story by a dumb murican , move on . 
  which consists in doing nothing the whole day . 
  which is what we have been doing for the past three months . 
  which is what god wants us to do . 
  i apologise for my countrymen english . 
  yeah if they were to get a full trial they 'd just live here for the rest of their lives . 
  yes but what people think about something does not equal reality . 
  if the press and politicians laid out actual facts instead of fearmongering the population probably the brexit would not have happened . 
  not necessarily , if the overall outcome is better by being part of the eu , it does n't matter how well it handles single events . 
  from an italian point of view having the eu decreases corruption . 
  so even though we might get more illegal migrants , overall we 're happier . 
  any government relies on single people to make decisions . 
  replace `` eu '' with `` my country '' and it still works . 
  no government is perfect , and it does n't have to be . 
  it has always been a gradual transition . 
  scotland and ni would rather stay in the eu than staying in the uk . 
  we have the power to break a union 5 times older than ours . 
  i guess we 're still doing pretty well . 
  one can see himself as both european and citizen of a country . 
  we 've been moving closer and closer to a federal state in the last 40 years . 
  external shocks ( 2008 crisis , migrant crisis ) have made this harder for the lower classes to accept ; the problems do not lie within the union . 
  you wish, 
  you 're still in time to raise your standards, 
  i think it had to do more with the war than with foreign powers . 
  they both want to feed me and make sure i 'm happy . 
  i do n't mind personally . 
  they went to the wrong country then !, 
  tell me when democracy was ever directly restored by a foreign power . 
  well in the case of poland it would n't have worked . 
  but it does n't mesure income taxes . 
  which is pretty relevant when you have the highest one earth . 
  you live in the balkans ? 
  yeah because that is absolutely not what the west has been doing with major russian partners, 
  oh c'mon , russia is very often victim of mindless bashing . 
  yes yes , but the other guy mentioned a c1 level , which in my opinion requires at least a decade of studying and a lot of effort to keep it up . 
  economics , but the main reason is that i study in maastricht , which is populated mostly by other foreign europeans . 
  ******** french , sorry i just woke up . 
  they might know some of the other languages to a certain level , but certainly not all of them at at least a c1 one . 
  around 20 % of my course is composed by belgians and none of them is fluent in both dutch and belgian , not to mention german . 
  italian , english , french , and portuguese . 
  well usually companies abroad need you if you 're one of the few people in your country who is also proficient in english . 
  yes yes , but i 've never met a belgian who has a c1 level in both dutch and french , not to mention german . 
  i live in the nl and i can guarantee you this is pure bullshit . 
  their english is good at best and they only have an academic knowledge of other european languages . 
  everybody speaks french in brussels . 
  i can speak 4 languages at c1/2 level . 
  trust me it 's not nearly enough to get a good job . 
  unless you study to become a translator , but there 's so much competition it 's not even worth a try . 
  to that level ? 
  c2 level is for native people , c1 is for whoever knows the language almost perfectly . 
  how could anybody who was studying intensively for a phd/master to also learn and keep using 4 languages ( not all of the same language branch ) to that level ? 
  the main requirements ( post-grad in stats , econ , etc. . . ) do n't point at anything relative to international relations/diplomacy , it 's probably a managerial financial job . 
  but in an international environment you ca n't expect all people to speak all languages , everybody will just use a lingua franca ( english ) . 
  tbh i believe you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  a dutch person would have a c2 level ... because it 's their first language . 
  also they would n't necessarily be fluent in german and french . 
  but an american would have a c1 level for english . 
  because speaking french while living in brussels makes sense . 
  being fluent in english also makes sense since the financial sector ( and economics overall ) are based in this language . 
  but asking someone who has already a vast knowledge in a scientific field to also know german , which is a language incredibly different from the latin ones ( french in this case ) and dutch which is spoken by less people than the metropolitan population of moscow and sounds like cancer , is , again , ridiculous . 
   c1 level of dutch and german i could kind of understand everything else , but this is simply ridiculous . 
  are u murican ? 
  it 's basically like deciding between having to milk a cow and baking some cookies or just having the cup of milk and fresh cookies sitting next to you . 
  but you pay to milk the cow . 
  many krauts with no sense of humour . 
  that does n't matter . 
  it 's not like there are necessarily 6 times the people playing the sport . 
  i could use the same argument and say that you have a much higher percentage of players relative to your population . 
  you guys barely won any medals or championships . 
  we 've won several . 
  if not completely abiding by the religion rules would make people not religious then less than 0.1 of the world 's population would be considered as such . 
  oh yes of course , the serbian team is amazing . 
  we do n't need to square the right part , there 's no possible way that number will ever be negative . 
  yeah , just check this out . 
  there it says that 70 ' 000 people visit san marino every year . 
  that 's 2.14 times its population ( 32 ' 756 ) . 
  france has the highest number of tourists every year in the world ( 84.7 million ) . 
  that 's '' just '' 1.27 its population ( 66.71 million ) . 
  san marino is probably one of the most visited countries in the world if we compare it to its population . 
  if we were to compare it to its area then it would be right behind vatican city . 
  how can you say that ? 
  they counted the yugoslavian victories as if they were serbian . 
  easy huh ? 
  ehm ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_polo_at_the_world_aquatics_championships#medal_table https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_polo_at_the_summer_olympics#total, 
  our civilisation is thousands of year ... oh you too . 
  right . 
  for anybody curious about where each agency is located : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agencies_of_the_european_union#decentralised_agencies, 
  yeah but all the pre-brexit referendum polls say that the vast majority of northern irish wanted to stay in the uk . 
  it 's okay . 
  you guys suck at water polo . 
  so ... it admits its irresponsibility ? 
  well it 's probably just for the general public . 
  investors use econometric analysis far more detailed than a map on the washington post .
