  but i do lay the blame on our politicians for jumping into the erm project without thinking too much about the consequences . 
  the reasons to adopt the euro were purely political . 
  the increase in efficiency and trade provided by the single currency can be ( and have been ) counteracted by macroeconomic instability . 
  which is due to how the exchange rate and thus the interest rate can not be naturally stabilized in case of an asymmetric shock . 
  italy became one of the sick men of europe mostly due to the euro . 
  germany passed from being the sick man of europe to its powerhouse , mostly due to the euro . 
  source : italian majoring in economics in the nl . 
  edit : i 'd like to add that these are initial issues , we do not know how the situation will progress . 
  it went much worse in the short-run for the us when all the states adopted the dollar . 
  or anywhere else really . 
  no , the central bank 's main instrument is the interest rate . 
  most central banks have some inflation target . 
  however in case of negative output gaps the cb can , does , and should counteract them . 
  which germany did several times but to smaller extents than other eu countries . 
  that 's like the high school microeconomics dude . 
  huh so that 's why you gave up pretty much every power your central bank has ? 
  well you do n't know how the erm worked . 
  the countries had no control over their currency anymore , the only one who had was germany , which did n't have to abide to national rules anymore but those of the ecb . 
  you 'd be in spain 's situation right now if it was n't for the euro , if it was n't for us . 
  it was an external shock to the economy that had little to do with the national central banks ( or politics for what matters ) . 
  it was the central currency duty as such to deprecate for the benefit of the rest of the soon-to-be eurozone . 
  while most countries valued the european project more than national interests and remained in the system , some ( such as the uk ) did not . 
  which was the same situation france and italy were facing . 
  germany could have devalued the mark in order to stabilize the situation across the continent . 
  yeah , i mean , how you passed from being the sick man of europe to being its powerhouse in less than a decade while several european countries saw the opposite path has little to do with the german cannibalisation of other eu markets . 
  it 's all about them reforms , right . 
  with a gdp ( ppp ) lower than both italy and france since the early 70s and several housing crisis the uk was not really that much competitive . 
   the only reason why their ems membership failed is that they valued their own currency too high for polical reasons no , the reason is for the most part the one i mentioned before . 
  at least that what i was taught in my macroeconomics courses in the nl . 
  [ as always ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/69/df/2c/69df2c209416c45fcbb3eb76c1fde9a5.jpg ) . 
  yeah [ always ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/00/roman_empire_trajan_117ad.png/250px-roman_empire_trajan_117ad.png ) i mean [ always !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index#2016_rankings ), 
  blow me . 
  simply because while the deutschemark was the central currency in the eu during the transition process to the euro germany did n't depreciate its currency , causing french and italian economies to pass from stable growth to stagnation and recession . 
  the uk would have seen the same fate if they did n't get out of the erm just in time . 
  yeah cuz you 'd lose . 
  you 're our eastern european bro !, 
  auguri !, 
  i did n't mean to include the uk when i mentioned the eu . 
  i did because your point was that all powers spy to the same or similar extent as the us does . 
  i still do n't see any source for that french spying operations allegation . 
  i know what the fvey is , i wrote a paper about it . 
  you 're not providing any argument for your point . 
  never heard of it , sauce ? 
  certainly eu countries do n't , not to that extent , especially with an ally . 
  some countries want to avoid war at all costs you know . 
  not really , i doubt any other country reads merkel 's private cellphone messages and calls . 
  `` nation '', 
   both things happened ( or in the case of brexit , is due to happen in the near future ) . 
  we 're not talking about hypotheticals where they did n't happen . 
  we 're talking about their impact on events today . 
  yeah and the fact that you 're irish and not british it more important than whether your companies pay an extra 10 cents for exports to the uk . 
   tdor was a criticism of the eu . 
  as such bojo 's politics play a fundamental part in it 's validity as a source . 
  hell , it argues turkey should be admitted to the eu . 
  ( something bojo keeps flipflopping on ) sure because no politician has ever pushed an agenda for the sole purpose of climbing the political ladder . 
  also a person can never change his mind throughout more than a decade . 
   friend , you 're the one arguing otherwise . 
  i 'll give you a free tip though . 
  lay off the ad hominems that do n't add to the context of what you 're saying . 
  says the knobhead who used them several times in this short conversation . 
   to english speakers they are out of place . 
  weird i thought i was an english speaker . 
  well i guess you speak for all of us . 
   utter nonsense . 
  you 're talking about events that occurred 8 generations ago , and saying they matter more than current/recent events ? 
  there is absolutely no basis for this . 
  the facts that i do not live in austria and speak italian instead of german do have a certain degree of relevance in my daily activities . 
  and this is just one small event . 
   brexit matters a hell of a lot more to current irish policy towards the uk than the anglo-irish treaty of 1921 no it does not . 
  if your country did n't get independent from the uk there would n't even be an irish foreign policy . 
   so ... you agree with the `` views '' of boris johnson , i would n't broadcast that he 's an amazing academic , with a vast knowledge of the ancient world . 
  the fact that he 's an utter cunt in the political stage does not make him any less knowledgeable . 
   it should be perfectly obvious that things that happened centuries ago are less important than current events are you a parrot or just stupid ? 
  no it 's not , the fact that 200 years ago my region was freed from austrian occupation has a much stronger influence than anything that has happened in the last 5 years . 
  i 'm atheist but region was practically law and culture , which through the centuries defined many mental frameworks we still use today . 
  and this is not even my argument . 
  the book `` the dream of rome '' took this position , which i agree on . 
  you fucking knobhead . 
  that 's such a retarded question i wo n't even answer it . 
  the roman empire was christian before monarchies arose . 
  yeah call me back when you 're in the g8 , or even g20 . 
  no , but they 're somewhat relevant . 
  this is just a guess , eh , but a few thousand years have a stronger impact than a few decades . 
  they surely are n't in the eu . 
  it has nothing to do with terrorism . 
  europe has always defined itself by being christian . 
  actually the m5s would be penalized because a yes vote would solidify renzi 's power . 
  the reasons why turkey has n't joined yet are economical ( poor institutions ) and cultural ( they 'd be the first and only islamic nation in the eu . 
  the reason is pretty complex and dates to centuries back before the unification of the country . 
  but long story short one general thought `` you know what 's cooler than one aircraft carrier ? 
  two . 
  uh , i 'll go get my horse head . 
  we have twice the number of your aircraft carriers . 
  come and get us ping pong . 
  i have no idea why the balkans were included . 
  i would neve eat their food . 
  we do . 
  oh i want to help people so i have a big ego ? 
  great logic right there .
