  oh yeah because if you 're from the baltic states you must hate russia in spite of common sense or reason . 
  why ? 
  the guy bought a knife a mask and wanted to '' attack '' france 's biggest military base . 
  it 's not as if he was a real threat . 
  [ terre irredente intensifies ], 
  expand pls, 
  no shit dude, 
  most random link i 've seen today . 
  oh yeah cos that 's the only place than needs funds, 
  i did : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3h969i/so_you_want_to_visit_italy/ ( nei commenti ), 
  can i frame this comment and hang it on my wall ? 
  that 's more pure propaganda than actual architecture . 
  well then austria does n't count because it 's small and irrelevant . 
  so basically it 's not the richest ? 
  i still do n't get how a man can like cider . 
  it 's so bloody sweet it hurts . 
  i live in maastricht and it 's pretty flat . 
  even richer than the scandinavians ? 
  why not include everybody ? 
  too bad it 's platypus not a duck, 
  it 's not an insult , it 's a compliment . 
  still , it 's not a relevant number and that 's once in like how many years ? 
  yeah and the russian nukes can go anywhere . 
  oh so you consider them to be another party . 
  who gives a flying fuck really . 
  the republican party is not perfectly united and there are sacks with different ideas , like most parties in the world ... this does n't make them a different party . 
  actually russia has 7500 nuclear weapons . 
  well , a thousand more !, 
  so fucking what ? 
  even if they combined their votes they never got more than like .5 %, 
  can you like , read ? 
  it says `` major third parties '' which have pretty much no power if compared to the other two . 
  my bad , i 'm on mobile and it just said `` united ... '' . 
  there is no law saying that . 
  it 's just that the two parties are to powerful and a third one would simply never rise in normal circumstances . 
  the tea party is not a party it 's a movement and it 's part of the republican party . 
  both of the things you said are wrong . 
  powerful weapons are not useless , even nukes exert indirect power . 
  they also would n't prevent you from getting wiped out . 
  an american that talks about thirst for conflict . 
  it 's technically possible for a third party to rise to power in the us , but practically impossible . 
  are you mentally challenged ? 
  if you have a 2 party system you will end up with a equally powerful 2 party system . 
  what if you do not start with a 2 party system ? 
  from an european standpoint , look at the eu , it is formed by 4-5 major political entities but it works , not perfectly , but not worse than the us . 
  in reality . 
  not really . 
  it depends on many factors . 
  like how advanced the country 's defence system is or how accurate the missiles are . 
  is this like ir for children ? 
  one is not powerful because he can use nukes , but he is just because he had them . 
  obviously , but there a great deal of difference between having 200 and 2000 nukes . 
  gaining hard power in international relations . 
  you can choose between 2 parties . 
  just 2 . 
  both of which choose who will lead the party pretty much on their own . 
  that 's not democracy , especially if compared to the european one . 
  dude are you fucking kidding me ? 
  russia has thousands more nukes than france and the uk combined, 
  and it would be arguably right . 
  no it 's absolutely true !, 
  we are !, 
  the turkish were an actual danger to the supremacy of rome and the byzantine empire , i do n't see why one would consider that bad . 
  and not every isis member is a bad person . 
  of course , but there 's a reason why monks are remembered for allowing us to access pretty much all the classic literature while the vikings ... well we know very little about them because the closest thing they got to writing is some graffiti on a boulder . 
  dude i do n't think one needs to explain why people raping and stealing from others is less progressive than what the catholic monks did . 
  actually they were raiders during the summer and traders during the winter . 
  it 's just that sentence is pure bullshit, 
  yeah rading is so much progressive, 
  you guys should have thought it twice before teaching your language to your colonies . 
  that 's a good point . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  many countries simply ca n't have a democracy . 
  at least not yet . 
  well , it 's the highest suicide rate among oecd countries . 
  well i took the risk of being deported several times just to have a drink when i was studying in the us . 
  i can understand the guy . 
  that 's a very dumb decision then . 
  highest suicide rate in the world . 
  money talks, 
  if i had to spend my life in a desert i 'd look forward every moment of the day to have a drink . 
  what are you trying to say here ? 
  something like '' western ideologies ca n't be applied everywhere in the world '' ? 
  that 's crazy dude !, 
  i mean it 's not like the us has been trying , and always failed , to impose its own principles on other countries for the last 50 years . 
  just look at how well democracy is working in russia or lybia , and how happy are koreans now that they have freedom !, 
  is n't it spelled '' principles '' ? 
  that 's too little , i said 30 fucking km . 
  a rock ? 
  you mean the highest mountain in the nl ? 
  well , syrians are the biggest minority . 
  well , i 'd some something more like 30 km, 
  i lived in england for a year and you guys still use it in many occasions . 
  it 's fucking confusing . 
  that 's not the problem , trade deals are always done in secret . 
  lem me eli5 this for you : trades , and this one in particular , require a lot of negotiations that will take a lot of time . 
  if every step is exposed to the media people will protest against some propositions of which they probably know nothing about ( because most people are neither economists nor politicians ) , this will affect the decisions of both parties , thus making it not as effective . 
  but let me be clear , i 'm totally against the deal , 'cause if european companies ( molded in small and heavily regulated economy ) come in direct competition with american companies most of them will very probably perish . 
  also , i like to shop at the bakery and the butcher around the corner , not at walmart . 
  it already rose and fell , wake up already .
