  we did n't switch sides , we were in the triple alliance but since austria attacked first we did n't have to join on their side so we joined the war on the side that was gon na win . 
  can you blame us ? 
  would fighting a useless war killing most men and civilians and destroying art and architecture like hitler did make more sense your dumb little head ? 
  yeah totally comparable to the western empires huh, 
  no shit , but what does it say, 
  has there ever been an occasion in history where this did n't happen ? 
  the lack of history is also an important facto imo . 
  oh arguing about historical rivalrities is what makes us wake up in the morning . 
  it 's not personal , it 's so old it has nothing to do with us , it 's informative and it 's fun . 
  that 's actually a fantastish idea . 
  ideally all speakers of a latin language should learn a germanic language and english , all germanic speakers should learn a latin one and english and the slavic all three kinds . 
  well we marched deep into austrian territory while you needed the help not just one but 2 major superpowers just for germany to surrender . 
  you did n't even beat their army . 
  but you did achieve something we did n't , get into huge fucking debt . 
  clap clap , good job on achieving a strategic advantage to a country that had no colonies and that was created a few decades prior . 
  you must be a stupid nobhead if you think that military victory still have any kind of merit or define nationalistic spirit . 
  we beat austria-hungary , a much bigger empire , in the harshest battlefield of all wwi . 
  yeah in fact the uk was pivotal in beating the axis right ? 
  and yous are just upset we conquered you and raped your women for 500 years . 
  not really . 
  yeah you guys talk too much about things you do n't know shit about with personal experiences . 
  this is a perfect example , now you do n't like all italians cause you met one that does n't keep his mouth shut when faced with bullshit . 
  that 's funny cause from the beginning of the roman empire until the end of the renaissance period we were the richest region in europe and beyond . 
  also we had the highest ppp in europe from the 60s up to the 90s abd a higher gdp abd gdp per capita from the 70s until the 90s . 
  someone who actually lived in an european country would not have said `` i lived in europe '' ; bullshit . 
  he answered a question asked to europeans on a sub called r/askeurope . 
  damn you really wan na show us how dumb y' all are huh, 
  france is probably the closest country to the uk after ireland . 
  - other countries might share some of those same characteristics , but not all of them . 
  - also a large majority of americans are in favour of a more comprehensive public health insurance , but that does not mean it is implemented . 
  you voted for those guys . 
  if public healthcare was to be privatised in most european countries heads would roll , literally . 
  - actually the spanish are far behind you : http://www.dw.com/image/0,,16820851_4,00.jpg . 
  it shows how overall you do n't share the need for a healthy lifestyle and culture of good food . 
  which is something pivotal in most european countries , we define ourselves through our cuisine . 
  - yeah and george w. bush is incredibly admired in the us , right ? 
  you still bombed libya , actually you together with the us decided that gheddafi suddenly was a threat , you carried out most of the attacks ( excluding the us ) all of which led to the current situation . 
  do you really think we * decided * to attack libya ? 
  one of our ( former ) main trade partners ? 
  our ( former ) main oil supplier ? 
  you ca n't deny that your permanent seat at the security council does n't involve a certain weight when taking such decisions . 
  we take part in these attacks mostly because the us decides so , we depend on it for our protection and this indirectly forces us to take decisions we otherwise would n't . 
  of course that is not always true huh . 
  - still , 50 % is still a big number considering in most countries this would n't even be considered . 
  you must admit that the european membership does n't stop at free-trade , but has deeper roots . 
  those countries you cited are european , yes , but are probably at the very bottom when listing who 's most europhile . 
  oh c'mon , lem me just provide some examples . 
  you share few values with us . 
  look at the massive privatisation that has been going on since the dawn of tatcherism until the recent nhs one ; this is in line with american liberal domestic policy rather than an european keynesian one . 
  you have the second highest obesity rate in europe . 
  your politicians are warmongers . 
  the current brexit campaign , you only see the eu as a source of profit rather than having a sense of belonging . 
  you might feel this way 'cause the dutch are probably the closest culture to the british one ( except for the irish oc ) . 
  just look at how the british relate to the eu , they feel it is a source of profit rather than feeling a more profound sense of community . 
  they have the second highest obesity rate in europe . 
  they are monolingual . 
  they 're warmongers . 
  they have very liberal policies relatively to the financial market . 
  i personally feel closer culturally to a southern brazilian than to a british person . 
  yes . 
   r/askeurope and here you can see why we think you 're dumb and asswipes . 
  because it makes us feel better about ourselves . 
  it 's like kicking a dumb bully in the face ; pleasing . 
  brits are more american than european . 
  i dissociate myself from the above comment . 
  yes . 
  we think you 're dumb and cancer for the world . 
  could n't have given a more concise description, 
  oh i get it now . 
  yeah that would be cool , but should we build it in the exact middle of the country ( continent ) like brazil did ? 
  this time please let 's not make it the shape of an airplane . 
  how about a boat lol ? 
  after all the reason why europe developed so quickly and became so strong is because of trade through closed seas . 
  i get the benelux countries 'cause they where a symbol of the union between germany and france . 
  vienna is the most central big capital geographically ( even though according to the gall-peters projection it would be ljubljana ) . 
  rome because it was the only time in history when most of the european continent was successfully unified ( but fuck that because try to build a single building in rome without either destroying an historical one or finding some inestimable ruins under it ) . 
  but why in another continent ? 
  in the case we wanted to expand our empire to the former colonies ? 
  that does n't matter really . 
  there are more things to try and to see in florence than there are in 10 los angeles . 
  yeah you can go to 50 cities in 50 days and check out one , maybe two things or you can go to one city for 50 days and truly enjoy it . 
  anywhere anytime . 
  if it is used it means at least a person on the internet has used it once . 
  so now stfu . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  if i 'm a better pizzaiolo i 'll make a better pizza no matter where i was born . 
  again , proof or stfu, 
  still it does n't make sense , i can insult you by calling you dumb , but you ca n't insult someone 's stupidity for being called stupid is already an insult . 
  anyways , it has never been used before . 
  but i 'm quite sure you ca n't insult someone 's stupidity . 
  i just does n't make sense . 
  it 's exam period . 
  i dare you to find any text in any time in history where someone used insulted someone else 's immaturity . 
  insulting my immaturity ? 
  like '' rome 's immaturity , you suck !, 
  complimenting my immaturity ? 
  i 'll take that as a compliment of my english proficiency . 
  so much, 
  5 years old banter ? 
  i do now .
