  or maybe roastbeef and murica should get their shit together and adopt the metric system . 
  i always wondered , are n't they very uncomfortable ? 
  skin rubbing against wood for hours sounds painful . 
  how come this post is not downvoted ? 
  did r/europe purge itself from the xenophobics ? 
  seriously , i ca n't think any reason one could hate a buddhist . 
  edit : i said i ca n't think of any , not that there is n't one . 
  i doubt that the average czech knows about the book '' buddhist warfare '' . 
  the guy just completely destroyed your point and you source a documentary called '' extreme russia '' , which makes me think more about winter in siberia more than lgbt rights . 
  this is one of those occasions where you should stfu . 
  something that most people do n't understand is that the laws against homosexuals in russia are not because putin wants them , it 's because the people want them . 
  just a very small group of people in the russian federation actually wants more rights for them . 
  the russian mentality and culture is totally against gays , putin just acts accordingly . 
  but , whenever i go to france i use the schuko plug and it works fine ... 
  wtf, 
  sure , they were russian ( or , again , whatever slavic language that is ) forum and blogs ( not actual news sources ) , unknown ones to be exact . 
  was i clear enough ? 
  which one is italian ? 
  and which one is spanish ? 
  dude i have no idea how the different slavic languages look like , it would be like for you distinguishing spanish and italian or korean and japanese just by looking at it . 
  oh oh thank you u/bulgarianobserver for linking other highly unknown russian blogs , forums and '' news sources '' , now everything sounds more plausible !, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  this 2 paragraph article written in cyrillic from a unknown russian website that can only be roughly understood by translating it with google translate is 100 % legit . 
  and that 's also why it 's on the frontpage of r/europe . 
  this sub is reaching such high standards of quality i 'm honestly impressed . 
  op , what a fucking ridiculously stupid source . 
  taking advices from fucking israel , you should get a nobel peace price . 
  yeah and i 'm neither saying that it was a bad choice nor that i do n't want them here , i 'm just saying that if you really want to denigrate someone for something you should at least be on a higher level . 
  are you mentally retarded ? 
  how do you think they would survive without any job in a pretty much fucked up country as turkey ? 
  and the migrant crisis started way before merkel said that we 're accepting migrants . 
  what should we do then ? 
  build a giant wall and shoot those who try to cross it and blow up the boats in the mediterranean ? 
  that 's why it 's a crisis and not a walk in the park . 
  be careful with how you use words , for us in the west eastern european are uneducated . 
  we 're literally the richest '' state '' in the whole fucking world , much richer than the us and china . 
  that 's a very weak argument . 
  i actually think it 's exactly the opposite , the best ones , those that could make more money for the same job in another country move to it . 
  the poorest usually ca n't even travel from one country to the other , it 's the local middle and high classes that do so . 
  and anyways following your argument the us should be a land of idiots and retards that are not fit to prosper anywhere . 
  no it did n't . 
  post-soviet , whatever , still shit if you compare them with italian/french/german products . 
  do you even now what a tax heaven is ? 
  well like any other italian politician at the time . 
  but i was referring to his persona , rather than his criminal record . 
  i agree . 
  the m5s is not bad . 
  they 're actually the only hope for italy . 
  yeah i was joking . 
  he said europe, 
  wait . 
  berlusconi was ( looked like ) a successful businessman and a family man up until a few years into office . 
  the americans know what they are buying . 
  we were not talking about uniqueness . 
  lem me guess , an arab put some tomatoes and cheese on a piece of bread ? 
  poverty is not food . 
  regions in the north have the most refined and overall best food . 
  imma just gon na say this , lasagne , tortellini , and tagliatelle al rag\u00f9 are from bologna . 
  just bologna . 
  and they 're arguably in the top 5 most consumed and appreciated italian dishes . 
  yeah '' barbarian '' is the right word . 
  you should have joined the beating . 
   the most varied regional cuisine in italy . 
  do you really want to start a civil war on this thread ? 
  emilia-romagna has the widest variety and best quality cuisine . 
  you 're making a fool out of yourself . 
  stop . 
  i 'm not majoring in architecture so i can not really comment on what you just said . 
  but still , nothing you mentioned supports any of your previous points . 
  yes , we all get it , some houses in the western world are being built with a japanese style . 
  that 's cool . 
  but it 's not like they radically revolutionised our architectural culture . 
  you 're trying to drift away from my point , you said '' just for the record , 90 % of modern architecture rules was already applied in japanese housing 1000 years ago '' . 
  this is pure bullshit on so many levels : how do you calculate how much is 90 % of modern architecture rules at any confidence level ? 
  how do you measure that ? 
  a thousands years ago japan had a technological level lower than those of the ancient egyptians . 
  how could we even know now their architectural methods if we have little to no record of that and absolutely no remaining building of that period ? 
  and finally , how could we base '' 90 % of our architectural rules '' on a period that did n't even have anything close to the materials nor the instruments that we have now ? 
  that 's some japanese-centred fandom shit that i hope died before even reaching european shores . 
  it 's also some italian '' if i look confident enough and mention a percentage people will believe me '' that i hoped died after the berlusconi decade . 
   typical western-centric crap that i hoped died in 2000 's . 
  that 's daijobu i 'm sorry sensei moshi moshi desu desu ^ . ^  meanwhile most renaissance rules about architecture are outdated ( that 's either bad or good , no one knows it ) . 
  i do n't know dude , most of the houses that are being built right now in europe are still made of bricks and not of wood nor paper . 
  the point is that the m5s has been getting so much shit since it 's birth . 
  so many entities in the country depend on it being corrupted . 
  the press is especially one of these . 
  newspapers in italy do not make any money , it 's the government that provides them with subsidies of millions of euro every month . 
  it is natural that they were intensively attacked . 
  tbh i could n't care less if grillo is the leader , if grillo eats a computer , or takes a shit in the street , while the pd works like mafia where they choose whoever does what they want without him/her having any experience or knowledge . 
  they gave us a prime minister that had 0 foreign experience and the education of an ethiopian child because he 's easy to manipulate . 
  i really appreciate japanese culture , i just wanted to point out how ridiculous was to compare the two situations . 
  the second thing you said is bullshit , not only from a statistical , architectural , and historical point of view , but also from a logical one . 
  i was this close from getting trolled . 
  til . 
  the '' slaughter '' part made me think about something more than '' accidental '' . 
  as if either is not justified . 
  first of all most of their '' old '' buildings are made out of wood and rice paper , that 's why they 're earthquake resistant . 
  and they were all built during or after the middle ages , maybe half of our historical buildings are much older than that . 
  second , they were not the theatre of the two most important episodes in world history : the roman empire and the renaissance ; which is also why they built shit using wood and paper . 
  we built a new section attached to our house and the architect had to follow strict rules regarding earthquakes .
