  learn how to read . 
  yeah , we have enough poor undeveloped regions . 
  better than being the lord it seems !, 
  it 's great to be a vassal then !, 
  because it 's dumb as fuck . 
  all these things happened before even your grandparents were born , you have nothing to with them . 
  i should n't feel guilty about what my government did 100 years ago as i should n't feel proud . 
  people should n't know about that video . 
  yeah because that 's a dumbass comparison based on a system of classification of countries terribly outdated . 
  for example there are countries on that map that are in the oecd that are red and countries that are considered '' second world '' that are also red . 
  it 's funny that we still mention verses against austria throughout the anthem . 
  just wanted to make sure you know that we 're cool now austria . 
  thanks for tyrol . 
  why ? 
  i like the part about german women and german wine . 
  it 's because we never had the physical training you get by clubbing seals . 
  who the fuck laughs with '' ah ah ah '', 
  i 'm not upset about it , i 'm just saying that we should n't thank the americans for anything . 
  not really , the viewpoint on the world we have now is a consequence of the victory by the allies . 
  if the fascists won we 'd look at democracy as an illness of society . 
  if applied communism was to be more successful than western capitalism we 'd see the latter a worse option . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/visual-data/best-and-worst//most-efficient-health-care-2014-countries a urban myth , yeah right . 
  i 'd rather be unemployed while still being able to afford basic public services and have a house , than working at a 7/11 and being left dying in the street if i get sick . 
  it 's good to have a high gdp if you can get a share of it . 
  people in italy generally have a better sense of fashion , or at least , wear clothes that fit them better . 
  you can have access to good quality clothes and be able to afford them and still dress like shit . 
  of course we have small village/suburban twats that only wear adidas , but that 's a small minority . 
  i 'm a bit more than half that age and i live by myself . 
  i 'd kill to have my shirts ironed . 
  i see you 're purposely ignoring the part about you getting buttfucked by every group of people that had some kind of weapon . 
  you chose what is literally the poorest and most crime-ridden city in the whole country . 
  but still , detroit is worse . 
  yeah 'cause some military campaigns of a fascist government that happened 70 years ago is what i care about . 
  but if we really wan na talk about military effectiveness why not mention that since the end of wwii the us has been losing against with idiots with ak-47s in every military action while at the same time killing hundreds of thousands of civilians and their own countrymen in the process ? 
  also , http://www.history.com/news/the-last-major-cavalry-charge-70-years-ago, 
  well you could say that about every continental country in europe except maybe for portugal . 
  such as ? 
  i do n't feel shit 'cause i 'm not , if anything you 're our vassal . 
  first of all you spend a shitton of money on military expenditure so that we do n't have to . 
  second you have a export deficit toward italy , meaning that you buy more from shit from us than us from you . 
  the race laws were imposed on us and barely implemented . 
  yours by canadians . 
  how is having the people around dying from obesity related diseases and shootings and only being able to speak one language ? 
  every country that thinks of itself as successful in history tried to , and still does , compared itself with rome , how is that supposed to hurt ? 
  i doubt any country in the future will willingly compare itself with murica . 
  rome at least kept peace throughout the known world . 
  we started working on the h-bomb first , that would have been enough . 
  it was fermi who discovered fission and directed the manhattan project . 
  our country has pretty much no natural resources and the easy to take colonies were already assigned by the time we unified . 
  we also had the smallest population of all the superpowers of wwii . 
  given that , i guess we did and are still doing an excellent job if you compare it to countries like the us , ussr and germany which had an immense amount of coal , steel and oil . 
  still better than being eu 's bitch which is america 's bitch . 
  and america would be our bitch , which is a plus . 
  yeah 'cause bombing the shit out of inestimable architectural masterpieces and and also destroying the masterpieces inside them helped us a lot . 
  oh wait , maybe i should thank you for destroying any chance of us becoming one of the three strongest global powers . 
  most efficient healthcare system in the world , a homicide rate 1/4 of the american one , 2nd lowest obesity rate in europe , an average life expectancy of 83 years ( 79 in the us ) , a divorce rate that is 25 % of the american one . 
  yeah the us might have more money as a whole , and that 's fine , but with a gini coefficient of 41.1 ( income inequality ) the average person is poorer . 
  this is also evident by comparing the % of homeless people in italy ( 0.0008 % of the total population ) and the us ' ( 0.002 % ) . 
  all this without considering a better lifestyle ( food , architecture , fashion , accessibility to high level art , etc. . . ) . 
  no it 's because the us is a shit oecd country . 
  beljum who ? 
  that happens to every country that has some relevance . 
  no shit , if someone was to mock my country and my people for shit and giggles every single day of the year and bring up the same historical references i 'd be german . 
  and salty . 
  source ? 
  while in the rest of europe ( 86 % of the total population without spain and the uk ) the latin american population is negligible at best . 
  you 're grasping at straws . 
  not in europe . 
  and south americans barely know the extent to which the us destabilised their governments . 
  yeah right , 'cause nazism and fascism were so much of a problem before they started bombing london , right ? 
  both during wwi and wwii germany had much stronger land forces than the uk alone . 
  the only reason the uk did n't end up like france is because you had a stronger navy . 
  hahahaha yeah and in our lifetime italy will conquer the whole world !, 
  the uk is n't on top of anything and it has n't been since you lost your colonies . 
  i 'm surprised you can even type with those lil fat fingers you have , mr 3rd highest obesity rate in europe . 
  they could n't if we were united . 
  if i know anything about britons you guys would rather collaborate with a french or swedish rather than having to be commanded by nobheads such as the americans . 
  to stop the rise of a nation that would have ( and eventually did anyways ) easily become much stronger than britain and in the process ended up losing the place as the most powerful nation on earth . 
  if you can not see the article just open it on an incognito window . 
  other than the fact that both his parents had italian names : '' in 1889 the serbian political circle in dubrovnik supported baron francesco gondola , the candidate of the autonomist party ( dalmatians who were pro-italian '' . 
  the city was under the roman empire more than the region of piemonte , then under the venetian empire , it did n't only have an italian population but they also chose italians to represent them . 
  i 'm not saying that it was 100 % italian , but you ca n't say that that architecture is in any way slavic . 
  can you like ... read ? 
  the first two sentences say how he was not a fucking slav . 
  bullshit , he was born '' francesco ghetaldi-gondola '' , from an italian family . 
  my point is that ( as all of the dalmatian coast ) there was a relevant italian population . 
  i never said it was a republic , at the time , the city was part of the province of dalmatia under the austro-hungarian empire . 
   the italian language as spoken in the republic was heavily influenced by the venetian language and the tuscan dialect . 
  italian took root among the dalmatian romance-speaking merchant upper classes , as a result of venetian influence . 
  also , two '' mayors '' of ragusa were italian francesco ghetaldi-gondola and marino bonda , elected in 1899 . 
   after the crusades , dubrovnik came under the sovereignty of venice ( 1205 -- 1358 ) , which would give its institutions to the dalmatian city . 
  after a fire destroyed almost the whole city in the night of august 16 , 1296 , a new urban plan was developed . 
  by the peace treaty of zadar in 1358 , dubrovnik achieved relative independence as a vassal-state of the kingdom of hungary . 
  this makes it sound like it was not independent . 
  it 's because it was italian . 
  venetian to be exact . 
  its real name is ragusa ( di dalmazia ) . 
  actually not at all , all people had at least a basic rations of food that was indirectly provided by the state if i 'm not mistaken . 
  probably more people died out of hunger in the us than in the ussr . 
  that 's the funniest way i 've seen someone spell parmigiano reggiano in my life hahahaha,
