  damn you guys really have no clue what sarcasm is uh, 
  you 're a dumb fuck . 
  cutting a quote halfway through that nobody could ever find on the internet so that you can make a strong point , how clever !, 
  also , using my nationality and my assumed age as an insult , that really showed me did n't it ? 
  my username 's meaning is 100 % literal and does n't refer to how rome 's greatness echoes through history without ever dying , what a cultural detective you are !, 
  i 'm sure you 're the one here that knows and can impose what is funny or not and what can be joked about or not , after all you 're the most proficient in english as we can all see . 
  really dude check out what sarcasm is and how to use it . 
  you 're not german , you should get sarcasm . 
  * the, 
  do n't believe these filthy liars !, 
  it 's british propaganda , here in europe we live under the constant fear of immigrants and suicide bombers , my friends die in terrorist attacks every day . 
  do n't come here !, 
  stay home , remain in the freest country in the world . 
  not really , civilisation is a phenomenon shared by pretty much everybody here . 
  it has been like this for some centuries . 
  but maybe in russia you know . 
  you need to consider that it looks cool now , but in , let 's say , 20 years it will look the same way 80s designs look today : kitsch . 
  that 's one of the reasons the tricolour flags are such . 
  nobody has mentioned bologna . 
  and i 'm not surprised , we usually want to keep the best for ourselves . 
  it 's directly connected with the bigger cities with the fastest trains in europe . 
  it has arguably the best food in the country . 
  it 's a huge student town , we have the oldest university in the world and the only one with every single bachelor course existing . 
  the region is where all the best cars and motorbikes are produced : lamborghini , ferrari and ducati . 
  it 's about 40 minutes away by train from the best discos and beach party cities in the country ( ravenna , milano marittima , riccione , rimini ) . 
  it would be a perfect solution considering how many external threats there are and also considering how different they are from the rest of the world . 
  nevertheless people there rather fight and kill each other over the bullshit sunni/shia division instead of collaborating and prosper . 
  religion is the oppium of the stupid . 
  la grande bellezza . 
  what do you mean by '' most of them '' , have you met any alien or animal refugee ? 
  fair enough . 
  italy in polish is `` w\u0142ochy '' ?? 
  how the hell did you guys come up with that name ? 
  basically we 're patriotic so that we can defend our interests from bigger entities , either corporations or countries , the us uses patriotism so that it can impose its interests on other entities . 
  well it surely is much better than the bible belt and la, 
  why ? 
  it is one of the most developed cities in the us , i do n't get your point . 
  expand, 
  boston, 
  right now the netherlands , but i was born and raised in italy . 
  i lived there for more than a year and i have to say it really sucks . 
  like a lot . 
  you grow up watching cartoons and movies that make you believe it 's the best place on earth and then you actually go there and the majority of people is so fucking ignorant that they . 
  do n't know where [ insert any country not in north america is ] or that ca n't speak any language except for autistic spanish . 
  everybody eats at least twice a day fast food and what you cook at home is something already precooked and of extremely shitty quality if compared to any continental europe country 's food , all this means that you see so many obese people around it 's disgusting . 
  most people drink just to get absolutely fucked up and not for the enjoyment you get from drinking something good . 
  i got even expelled from my former high school because of this stupidass zero tolerance policy shit because i mistakenly got into the girls bathroom and they thought i was there having sex . 
  girls are so slutty it 's not even funny . 
  people are so fucking dumb that build mostly houses made out of cardboard and paper and wonder why they get totally destroyed when there 's some strong wind . 
  i liked manhattan tho . 
  you 're not considering all of the tribes that used to live there before those regions became part of russia . 
  a lot of what is part of the russian today was for long part of mongolia and china . 
  yeah go to the east and they all look asian, 
  you have very little of all of them , you 're on position 48 on the world oil production . 
  it is a lot for such a little country , but not enough to making it a major export . 
  and yes , whole countries depend almost solely on oil and natural gas ( saudi arabia , norway , iran , russia , ... ) . 
  what makes salt so useful to the human body is iodine , if anything the eu stopped you from selling it as kitchen salt . 
  which totally makes sense . 
  dude , i do n't know why you 're telling me all this , if your country got fucked over some gold it 's only your fault , the canadian company was just smarter . 
  if we look at your gdp growth i 'd say that since you joined the eu things are going much , much better . 
  yeah well , unless you discover oil in romania i see no way of for your country to get to closer to the rest of europe 's economies . 
  okay , we 're richer and bigger , but we 're certainly not asking you to accept as many refugees as we are . 
  yes , but the difference is that erdogan does n't have an 80 % approval rate and turkey does n't have such a strong history of extremely autocratic governments . 
  yes and all those people coming could rise the standard of living for the rest , while at the same time providing a cheap workforce and thus making your country more attractive for foreign investors . 
  it 's really hard for me to follow your discourse , what do you mean by '' you '' '' them '' '' their '' , are you talking about italy , syria or whom ? 
  well , i 've heard more than once people discussing about a greater eu of which russia is part of . 
  i think putin is the last of russia 's problems that would arise if it was to become part of the eu , because he will eventually die/be replaced . 
  russians political mentality is still a monarchic/dictatorship one and also let 's not forget that more than half of their country is in asia . 
  i agree on that , edit : but also you need to consider that more than half of the country is in asia , with all the ethnical and cultural implication that it brings . 
  thing is , most eastern europeans countries still do n't fit in . 
  just look at how pretty much all of them refused and are still refusing to share the burden of the immigrants , thus showing us how much they shared the belief that is at the very base of the eu : '' help one other when one is in need '' , but , funnily enough , most of them are net beneficiaries of the eu budget . 
  and about turkey , we 're seeing a much more liberal and open minded turkey than any other ee country now during the refugee crisis . 
  the only real obstacle that divides us from them is erdogan . 
  hey , turkey is more similar and shares more common history with us , mediterranean europeans , than any of those post-soviet countries that are now in the eu . 
  it did n't . 
  i can talk only from personal experience : you see it sometimes on national tv and my father and grandfather were both regional champions , but that 's pretty much it . 
  til we 're not that bad at boxing . 
  edit : well , rocky was italian . 
  i do n't think so , look at france there are big chunks of cities inhabited only by muslims . 
  i meant like street crimes . 
  of course wealthy people do commit other sorts of crimes . 
  wtf dude , i assumed he was n't wealthy because usually people that are well off do n't have to commit crimes . 
  in italian the word '' negro '' was very commonly used until 40 years ago to describe people from that had those physical characteristics and came from africa . 
  it was like using '' ginger '' or '' swede '' , no bad connotations . 
  if it became a bit of a taboo is only because of dumbass american influence . 
  i do n't know if you realised it , but we 're europeans , we spent almost a century destroying african culture and enslaving them on their land . 
  do i feel guilty because of that ? 
  should i ? 
  no , because that was done by other people a lot of time ago and because i 'm not as retarded as most muricans . 
  so , negronegronegronegronegronegronegro !, 
  yes , he 's ancestors probably came to the us on a boat half a century ago , but he still feel he should be held accountable for something done by other people a couple hundreds years ago . 
  i feel that there 's much less racism toward them compared to the us . 
  if there 's a black friend we ( but mostly he ) often make racist jokes and we call each other nigger without anybody even thinking there 's real racism involved . 
  if some black person does a crime we do n't think '' oh , it 's because he 's black '' but rather '' it 's probably because he is n't wealthy and he lives in a bad part of the city '' . 
  also young black people do not tend to hang out only with other black people but they mix well with other citizens of their social class . 
  maybe it 's because we did n't have any immigrants in italy until about 25 years ago , so we did n't develop all that american n-word bullshit . 
  the uk is another story , i 've seen a lot of there racism . 
  first of all a macedonia in italy is a cup full of different pieces of colourful fruits . 
  second of all the situation makes as much sense as italy wanting romania to change its name 'cause they 're not descendents from rome . 
  yeah we should actually go back to the original union ... ecc best union p.s.
