  you have achieved so little since the beginning of human kind that not even europeans can differentiate you from slovakia , let alone the rest of the world . 
   serbo-croat is not slovenian language but ok , i will forgive you . 
  you live in italy afterall . 
  they 're mutually intelligible . 
   by nominal gdp russia is one of the strongest economies in the world . 
  not really , by nominal gdp italy has a larger economy than russia , but not by gdp in ppp , which is what you were looking at . 
  you have no idea how these economic variable work huh . 
   italy is going on the pathway of greece , what does it matter if the gdp is 5000 higher when you have crazy unemployment rates and stagnating economy . 
  it matters because i can still buy more and better shit than you do even if i do n't raise a finger . 
   like you said we built things from nothing while you had a big headstart and destroyed your own potential with bad management and stupid decisions ... kinda sad ... no , you stole the shit we built and made what was a rich colony the dystopian eastern europe . 
  how 's being the longest-lasting and most influential empire in the history of humankind '' bad management '' ? 
   we are as poor as the next italian $ 8074 difference in gdp per capita says otherwise . 
   the only thing that makes us different that slovenian is employed while italian is unemployed . 
  so you 're saying you work more than us but you 're still poor as shit ? 
   for a guy who criticises the prejudices , you are quite prejudiced yourself . 
  i 'm just utilising available economic data and history . 
  edit : wait a second , there is a 1 % difference between the unemployment in italy and slovenia !, 
  bahahahahahahha you 're a growing economy and ca n't even have a low rate , we had a 5 % unemployment level after fucking wwii !, 
  you 're so full of shit . 
   and has basically the same culture as you debatable . 
   to an unemployable refugee from algeria who has a completely different and mostly incompatible culture . 
  well that 's the problem . 
  you really believe these kind of stuff . 
  algeria , morocco , and other maghreb countries have fairly good institutions and academic hubs ( casablanca was a major porto franco for most of the 20th century ) . 
  the ottoman empire and its former colonies were the centre of world 's culture for hundreds of years . 
  this can not really be said about the smaller slavic countries . 
  however you refer to them as if they were sub-saharan africans or some south american tribe . 
  i went there , i grew up and went to school with both eastern europeans and muslims . 
  you might see the difference between you and them as great , but for us , in northern italy at least , there is n't really much . 
  i 'm sure as you move toward greater integration with western europe you 'll become identical , but as of now there is an abyss in between us . 
   and go ahead call me a xenophobe , racist , bigot , whatever i 'll limit myself to consider you ignorant . 
   the greed and corruption in south europe have taken great strains at eu economy . 
  not really , we still pay our contributions to the eu . 
  also , the ` ndrangheta has a revenue 8 billion higher than your whole fucking country bahahahah https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/26/ndrangheta-mafia-mcdonalds-deutsche-bank-study  the political stability of italy is laughing not many people speak serbo-croatian , you should learn english . 
   we are a country of 2million dumbass , while you have been stagnating eastern europe has been rising , look at the growth of poland , romania , slovakia ... 2 million people are easier to manage than 60 . 
  it 's very easy to grow when you started with nothing and when you have eu investment with low interest rates . 
   sorry but by your map we have higher gdp per capita then the south ... 
  it 's nominal you nobhead . 
   i know i know thing from the 60 years ago is the same as 1300 years ago . 
  they 're just as dumb . 
  be thankful you even exist as a country . 
   please tell me how are we in the same situation ? 
  you 're poor as fuck and have been poor as fuck for the past centuries . 
  i can speak for the north , if you 're staying here for only 3 weeks do n't try to visit every city , you 'll end up being tired and miss on many things . 
  go to milan , turin , verona , bologna ( not very touristic , but incredibly beautiful ) . 
  if you wan na enjoy the best sea and beaches in the country go to northern sardinia or puglia . 
  oh and use the frecciarossa and/or italo trains : the fastest trains in the western world . 
   how can you say that eastern europe is supposedly sucking off money ? 
  when south europe and especially italy show a great threat to economy of europe itself . 
  the vast majority of ee eu countries are net receivers of eu budget . 
  yeah right , we created the eu and we have been one its workhorses for 50 years while you were living in a socialist dystopia , a decade or so of slow growth does n't mean shit really . 
   look at south italy m8 , you are just as poor as romanians you condemn so much ... 
  true , southern italy fucking sucks , but its gdp per capita is still higher than slovenia 's and more than twice romania 's : http://p.im9.eu/mapporn-some-west-european-countries-regional-resentments-explained-by-gdp-per-capita-872-x-925.jpg  lol for how long and with how big of unemployment rates ... you can have a lower unemployment rate , but if you still do n't produce half of the value we do it 's not really useful , ai n't it ? 
   forced italianization of the region ... bahahaha this is ridiculous , why should i pay for what my grandpa did ? 
  why do n't you pay me reparations for the slavs settling in a land that was roman and destroying all the culture and institutions we created there ? 
   look you can be all kebab - loving guy you want but trading makes cultures alike ? 
  lol , dont forget marco polo and the great asian-italian culture ... that was one guy . 
  and we got pasta from them . 
  which is like , our main thing . 
  yeah , trade is literally the main reason we 're getting closer as a continent . 
   as for migration , being in the eu gives bulgarians , romanians right by law that they can migrate in any country in the eu . 
  if italians dont like that ; leave the eu and tank your economy . 
  i have nothing against them , i just think it 's ridiculous how much hate you have for people who are in a very similar situation to yours . 
  fuhkh off mayth, 
  yeah , mostly cuz i lived both in the us and uk for some time . 
  weird , everybody seemed happy when i said '' i stepped on that fag multiple times , shit could 've got dangerous '' . 
   if the whole question was of a purely economic nature , there would n't be a such phobia well no , many issues which are mostly economic , such as labour market regulation , disturb people on a personal level and make them act irrationally . 
   to ` dodge ' their `` servitudes politiques '' , which eurocrats view as being indispensable to avoid galactic cataclysms well , just fine them or halt the eu investment flow in their country . 
   i guess indonesians are closer to dutch then dutch are to belgiums nah , the dutch traded more with the belgians than indonesians . 
   look at how many people support intra-eu migration and how many support immigration from middle east . 
  especially because we are in the eu dumbass   freedom of movement ... 
  this does n't make one right and one wrong . 
  yeah you 're sucking off our money , but that 's okay . 
   if historical reasons would be in play , you would be paying reparations to my family . 
  what why ? 
   200k italians immigrate every year , just look at the state of your finances , it 's obvious italy is stagnating . 
  * emigrate we have a much higher gdp per capita than every single eastern european and mediterranean country . 
  we might be facing slow growth atm , but we 're still much more productive and wealthy than most people within and without the eu . 
   migration inside of the eu has always been there not at all , we 've not seen a single eastern european ( except albanians maybe ) until the 90s . 
  only migration between western european countries has always been fairly common . 
   i 'm not advocating that / r/europe should become a far right circlejerk either , political discussions are the most interesting if the debate is balanced . 
  if by '' balanced '' you mean that there should about the same number of people with opposite views i disagree . 
  some ideas are not only repulsive , but factually wrong . 
   intra-eu migration is supported almost all around europe the uk has a lot of hate for ee . 
  in italy many ( dumb ) people dislike romanians and poles and accuse them for all the crimes happening there . 
  these are a few examples , but i could think of more . 
  only migration between countries of a similar economic development is welcomed by everybody . 
   as it should be why ? 
  just because you 're in the eu ? 
  because of historical reasons ? 
  the vast majority of the ee countries got into the eu very recently , a piece of paper does n't suddenly us buddies . 
  we 're closer to syria culturally ( for instance ) : they were one of our richest colony for 500 years and we traded a lot with them during all of the middle ages . 
  yeah now nobody 's there anymore , probably because r/europe went back to normal . 
  nah , toward the end of it and immediately after it was pretty alive . 
   i 've seen such comments from swedes , finns , french , british , germans , italians , spanish , greeks , dutch . . you name it . 
  it 's not just eastern europeans or baltics . 
  and it 's certainly not `` always '' . 
  i was sharing my personal experience . 
  i did not claim it as a fact . 
  true .
