  i doubt anybody in the ussr was starving after the beginning of the 50s . 
  anyways , the soviet union is a special case , all the wealth was concentrated in the state , not the people . 
  yeah right lol, 
  this does n't show the savings and investment part . 
  i if i recall well we 're the country that saves the most after japan . 
  and think that we were in front of france and uk for 20 years https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_largest_historical_gdp#by_average_values_of_gdp_.28ppp.29, 
  are the black patches parks and lakes ? 
  if so , damn . 
  and thanks hollande for giving the l\u00e9gion d'honneur to the saudis recently : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3wik71 . 
  ( warning : french ), 
  who 's downvoting him ? 
  he 's right . 
  is this sub filled with yankees ? 
  you can see that , by focusing on the 2000 dot-com bubble and the 2008 crisis , inflation rises sharply always before a sudden decrease in gdp . 
  this is also why in the 80s the us government tried to curb gdp growth ( a bit too much maybe ) . 
  nope , rapid increase in gdp growth lead to high inflation . 
  i see nobody learned the lesson that was given in 2008 . 
  that they are growing way too fast . 
  the government is making the same mistake they did 9 years ago . 
  unemployment will shrink quickly , this means that wages will grow . 
  i know this sounds odd to many of yous but they now should curb this growth or the inflation will get so high that they 'll get back into a recession in the next 5 years . 
  that 's because they have less miles per square meter . 
  probably you 're mistaking the old-fashioned italian paper ids with passports . 
  it 's pretty easy to realise that all european passports are as easy to falsificate . 
  yeah ... those filthy fake italian id owners , may allah punish each one of them !, 
  sure but , ya know , mostly it 's the americans that use it in that way , and americans are knobheads . 
  just look at how they always use the words '' communist '' or '' racist '' to describe phenomenons that have little or nothing to do with the real definition of those terms . 
  well fascism is often used in the sense of censuring , publicly lying and other actions that are done in order to keep order and the authority powerful . 
  which is something that mussolini certainly did . 
  people love beating a dead horse . 
  not many , at least compared to stalin and hitler . 
  since mussolini still had a certain degree of autonomy in the internal matters so jews were persecuted much less and only at the very end . 
  also , differently from hitler , mussolini gave his resignation after the allies arrived in sicily instead of fighting a futile and bloody war . 
  that 's a normal part of politics and diplomacy . 
  i rub your back on this issue and you rub mine on this other one . 
  i do n't get what are these '' force policies '' y' all are talking about . 
  every country casts its votes and whatever policy gets approved by the majority goes forward . 
  it does n't matter if one group or another does n't like it as long as the majority does . 
  we for example do n't like that the eu lowered the taxes on imported oranges , but that 's how the system works . 
  it 's a bit like saying that a popular referendum was forced on the people . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  it 's more than understandable , you 'd be surprised how many people still love mussolini in italy , especially old people that lived through the fascist era and rich brats . 
  last spring i went to this caf\u00e9 in the countryside outside angers called '' caf\u00e9 lenin '' and i can admit that i 've never seen so many lenin 's effigies in one single place in my whole life . 
  and i 'm from the communist fort of italy : bologna . 
  the place : http://france3-regions.francetvinfo.fr/pays-de-la-loire/sites/regions_france3/files/assets/images/2013/07/22/dsc_0563.jpg, 
  you 're describing democracy . 
  the uk is just abiding the dublin regulation . 
  divided by a thousand . 
  why should they ? 
  it 's not the same people that did those things . 
  being aware of the past and feeling guilty about it are two different things . 
  not serious at all , it 's not a good comparison . 
  the uk stands to the eu as scotland stands to the uk . 
  itaxit , sound either like a taxi company or a new tax . 
  edit : exitalia maybe ? 
  dude all the objectives the groups you cited had were almost impossible to achieve and anyways either too broad or plainly stupid . 
  wtf how and why do you have a flag of lombardia, 
  we used to do that like 40 ' 000 years ago . 
  now we just buy dogs . 
  i said '' northerners '' not '' easterners '' / s, 
  i do n't mind a good hunting trip once in a while , but torturing a poor creature just to make some profit ? 
  that 's something i would have expected from the dutch . 
  you northerners are fucked in the head . 
  i mean , it 's the same word in the same way as pussy is the same word for cat and vagina . 
  it did !, 
  thank you !, 
  judging on a country 's '' europeaness '' by its geographical position sounds a bit hypocritical . 
  pfff england is more similar to the us than the rest of europe . 
  do n't be mistaken , that was n't a compliment . 
  our diet is much more diverse than pizza and pasta . 
  there 's also a lot of fresh vegetables and fish . 
  in italy there 's a saying that goes like '' chi non piscia in compagnia o \u00e8 un ladro o \u00e8 una spia '' , basically '' him who does n't pee with someone is either a thief or a spy '' . 
  apparently . 
  tell that to someone who will die without a new heart . 
  hitler 's valor in war and what his party did to the handicapped , the jews and the slavs are two different things and i did n't address nor justified the latter . 
  if you think what i say is in any way historically inaccurate you can correct me instead of mentioning that you laughed at the place that makes some of the worst coffee in the world . 
  i understood what you said , i can read do n't worry , you are trying to defend your country 's actions by saying that other nations did the same in the past . 
  but i answer to that by saying that it is as stupid as justifying stabbing someone because other people welding knifes did the same in the past . 
  i would n't really say most countries : https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/8wuo5ludkcm6njwijagmkozhnjk=/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/3594634/imrs.0.jpeg and , no , we really should n't . 
  we support freedom and peace , the opposite of israel 's actions . 
  never more than 13 % of them . 
  i mean , after 60 + years of uninterrupted war waging against weaker regions and countries , i 'd say it 's not really irrational . 
  and i mean , stupid people irritate anybody i guess . 
  nah i do n't mind napoleon and hitler tbh . 
  they both waged war against far stronger empires and states . 
  there is something very honorable in that . 
  but bombing civilians so you can control their resources ? 
  that 's despicable . 
  uuuh i see you base your historical knowledge on the bible . 
  that 's sweet , but i think that i should tell you that , except for certain parallelisms , it is not an historical book . 
  it was written hundreds of years later after the end of the roman empire . 
  the fascist period happened more than 50 years before i was born , neither my generation nor my parent 's ever had the chance to do anything about it . 
  while your generation and your parents ' are the ones that brought war criminals to power and even reelected sometimes . 
  the romans were actually extremely popular with the populations that were within their empire for they would protect them in exchange for relatively low taxes . 
  one example of this is when hannibal tried to recruit local foreign soldiers on his way to rome , but finds out most people actually enjoy living under the roman control . 
  i said the romans . 
  a population that lived in central italy until a 1200 years ago . 
  they 're not the same people that were allied with nazi germany . 
  i 'm not worried about your country 's superior attitude , it is the biggest arms producer and war exporter in the world , they can rightfully behave like that .
