  okay so that 's why it 's so inaccurate : americans made it . 
  there was n't an italian empire in the year 1000 . 
  actually there was never an italian empire ( if you do n't count the roman empire ) . 
  can confirm . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  growing up being constantly told every single thing you do is a sin and you 'll spend the eternity suffering in hell for it is absolutely normal . 
  no repercussions . 
  believe me . 
  hahaha, 
  i actually live in medium sized city , roughly half a million people . 
  true . 
  i know about 10 people of jewish origin . 
  yet i only have a 0.05 % chance of meeting one . 
  bellend . 
  dude it could have been worse , you could have been under mao . 
  or just a poor african country . 
  i was talking about western europe . 
  the space race in europe was purely a matter of soviet republics . 
  dafaq , we did n't participate to the space race nearly as much as you ex-soviets did . 
  fuck man . 
  i 'm sorry your mom took drugs while you were still in the womb . 
  i get a bit more than half of the british population is composed by bellends , however you only need to be able to read to know how the vote systems work in the eu . 
  we have a whole region that is made up of people who spoke only german for generations . 
  because we liked that region . 
  hahahah '' pesco '' means '' i 'm fishing '' and '' peach tree '' in italian . 
  what do you care, 
  this a very badly made map . 
  not the same thing but this is much better : https://sblanguagemaps.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/italy666.png, 
  right brother , it should be '' what italy did n't want after wwi '' !, 
  i 'm pretty dubious about the variables they chose and the weights assigned to them . 
  number of refugees is one : a country might be so stable and safe that admits a large number of refugees ( ie . 
  canada and sweden ) . 
  also military expenditure , norway spends a lot of money there yet i 'd feel safer there than most other places in the world . 
  this is also why we have botswana ( the country with the highest prevalence of hiv in the world , a very low gdp and a very high gini , etc. . . ) is 18 places ahead of france , a eu founding member . 
  sure lad , whatever you say . 
   as if the u.s had any intention of annexing the land . 
  does n't matter , you got yourself kicked in the ass by some vietnamese farmers and afghani shepherds . 
   quite frankly , after the greece , italy is probably the next shittiest country in that continent . 
  because we lost some wars ? 
  great logic lad . 
  we get americans are retarded , no need to perpetuate the stereotype . 
   why do n't you tell me more about what the muricans did , i have a feeling you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i probably have a better understanding since i was schooled in europe . 
   as if you were n't bombing each other ? 
  what the uk and germany did to each other in terms of bombings is nothing compared to what the muricans did . 
   well maybe not in italy 's case , considering you folks could n't even grab ethiopia . 
  that 's rich coming from those who could n't even ` grab ' vietnam/afghanistan/iraq / cuba / ... 
  fuckin ' hell lad we passed from being one of the fastest growing economies in the continent to have a 0 . something growth . 
  of course we miss it . 
  i mean after carpet bombing the continent the least yous could have done is giving us a lil money . 
  you mean the european miracle where in a few decades we passed from having a continent bombed to the ground to having some of the highest gdp per capita in the world ? 
  yeah . 
  is a number yes . 
  good jahb . 
  what has median income in italy have anything to do with this ? 
  i was talking about the decline in the uk at the start of the century . 
  i meet so many rich englishmen ( or from any other country for what matters ) going to live to sweden because it 's a beautiful country to live in . 
   got ta add a '' ;-) '' to let everyone know you 're not a jerk , friend !, 
  or even worse , they 'd think you were someone who downvoted comments you disliked . 
  would n't that be pathetic !, 
  damn man , you really get butthurt when someone points out your country 's not so great after all . 
  no need to downvote , your babble attracts them by itself . 
   if i can chose my ruler , i now chose not to rock the boat and change it . 
  cultural conservatism and consequent entrepreneurial failure , rigidities in the economic and social institutions . 
  keep it up . 
  that 's exactly how great britain declined . 
   i like my country very much , and think it 's doing many things right . 
  yes but it does not have everything . 
  not a big metropoly to be found , no good food , no historical achievement , not great at sports , no big military , no nice weather , no beautiful cars are produced , etc. . .  i would n't want the french government , i 'd definitely not want the uk gov but it would n't be neither of them . 
  it 'd be all of us , working together on issue which can not be tackled if we 're separate . 
  that 's what a federation is . 
   but i 'd like to keep my nation , because i think it does comparatively well . 
  a 100 years ago sweden was a poor shithole : its gdp per head was $ 1216 , italy 's $ 1571 , the nl 2064 ( maddison , 1991 ) . 
  a lot of things change in a generation and you never know who you 'd like to have by your side when they change for the worst . 
  yeah, 
  more because sweden is a small country and depreciating your currency is easier when you can not suffer from the dutch disease . 
  there 's nothing intrinsically good about the swedish crowns . 
   what would those `` so small , poor , and undeveloped '' countries be ? 
  the vast majority of countries that joined during and after the fifth enlargement . 
   i think the difference between joining a union and forcefully taking over another occupied land is quite big . 
  i never stated the opposite . 
  the way of doing it is different , but the goals are the same . 
  well tell me your point , or the one you think fits best reality . 
  no shit . 
  and most times it has no real basis . 
  i asked why . 
  and that 's bad because ... ? 
  a lot of ( and some of the best ) researchers/students in the us are european . 
  it 's not something you 'd want to give up easily . 
  also , tourism . 
   we have little interest in land for lands sakes our eu expansion in eastern europe states the opposite . 
  i really do n't believe that accepting countries so small , poor , and undeveloped was really a smart choice . 
  yes , i 'm studying it right now . 
  landes ( 1998 ) argues that even before the discovery of the americas europe was more productive due to the absence of a totalitarian leadership and due to inventions such as the eyeglasses and the mechanical clock . 
  that was before the 5th century bc . 
  you were still part of the continent brociszek !, 
  are you implying there are solid reasons for not liking him and not all people are batshit crazy ? 
  are you a journalist ? 
  no but you are if you believe him . 
  [ indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhc9kvo7s0c ) .
