  it 's up to you guys choosing whether you wan na keep east germany or not . 
  there 're still croatia , hungary , romania , greece and austria easter than us . 
  '' polish culture '' ahaha, 
  i honestly do n't even really consider poland '' european '' . 
  it 's that just the slavic culture in general it 's not even barely similar to the latin or germanic ones . 
  yes i do : ,, 
  also , commas exist, 
  exactly, 
  i know , i know , but if they keep acting like this chances are they 'll be attacked by either russia or china or both of them . 
  or they 'll find a casus belli to start a war . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  our armies are well maintained and we have enough supplies . 
  considering their average iq , themselves . 
  you say that our armies are at best mediocre but the european armies/navies/airforces beat the shit out of americans pretty much every year the the military games . 
  but yes we should dissolve nato because i do n't want to be dragged into a war because of america 's need to be in perpetual war . 
  firstly , it might taste extremely sweet to you because , considering you 're probably american , you ate the whole jar while drinking ( diet ) coke and sniffing sugar . 
  we usually spread a thin layer on a piece of white bread , but degustibus non disputandum est. 
  secondly , we do n't eat peanut butter because we are not a bunch of bloody elephants . 
  if you have any more questions please feel free to ask . 
  ahahahahahahahahahahaha i love you, 
  considering the new laws that just passed , it 's pretty much legal here now . 
  actually because your country does n't let in any immigrant that does n't study , have a job or that is there for vacation . 
  sadly yes, 
  said slovenia eh ... 
  he said '' warm weather and beaches '' . 
  it depends whether you want to have a city or a small town life . 
  probably the south of italy , like puglia or sicily . 
  great food , gorgeous women and beaches , and it 's cheaper than most of europe . 
  and at the same time you get to live in a country that is richer and not as fucked up as greece , croatia or spain . 
  also italians understand spanish and english . 
  i think it 's a great idea !, 
  i 'm not from milan but i do n't live far from there and i 've been several times there . 
  milan is way better than florence ( less dirty , full of models , more stuff to do , bigger , ... ) , there are some of the best discos in the country , hell maybe in europe . 
  it is very beautiful at night and pretty much wherever you go ( as long as you stay in the city centre ) you 're gon na find discos/pubs , etc. . . 
  i doubt there are any coffee houses open at that time tho and generally they 're not a thing here . 
  unless you go to the very shitty suburbs you wo n't have any problems , there 's a very low criminality here . 
  good luck !, 
  so ... nowhere ? 
  * sigh *, 
  word . 
  probably london . 
  every city that has more than 100 thousands inhabitants surely has a ( usually posh/intellectual ) cinema that shows films in their original language with the local language subtitles . 
  you may not be able to find it right away , but i 'm sure there are . 
  truth is , it 's not an european problem , it 's a greek problem . 
  greece needs to adapt itself to a modern world . 
  appetizer 5e , pasta 14e , coke 2.50 e , coffee 1e . 
  20-30 euros, 
  when i wrote long texts in italian i sometimes make this kind of mistakes . 
  but in the spoken language , probably never . 
  i 'm glad to hear it 's not a common thing . 
  true fucking story , germans on vacations on the adriatic coast . 
  you should be arrested for doing something like that . 
  yes, 
  oh , so when talking about such a precise and defined cultural area as stereotypes my personal experience is worthless because not extensive enough . 
  got that !, 
  i 'm calling bullshit on the punctuality , i had 3 german friends in my life and they were always late . 
  while me , the italian , was always there 10 minutes earlier . 
  wearing sandals with white socks and eating spaghetti with jam . 
  yes . 
  europe is much more beautiful during the summer , and you can swim in the sea and sunbathe . 
  during winter most of europe is so cold and grey it gets kinda depressing sometimes . 
  but i doubt you can really enjoy more than 2-3 cities in one month . 
  and if there are any they 're not positive . 
  is this for real ? 
  i think that the only reason that the middle east is getting such media coverage is because of the fact that the countries in that region have huge amounts of oil . 
  this is also the cause of the problems in the area . 
  israel 's actions since its creation classify it as a warpig and the international community ( or at least the eu ) should cease every economic and diplomatic relation with it . 
  the people are fine , there 's a visible lack of education , but that is related to each country 's economical situation . 
  i 've seen naziskins wear tshirts and jeans . 
  personal experience vs people 's thoughts . 
  if you 're a guy most people will think you 're a naziskin . 
  even here in england it 's the same thing . 
  but if you go for slightly longer hair nobody will notice . 
  if you want to really enjoy rome and do n't just do tourist shit , get lost . 
  seriously , start walking and do n't stop until you 're lost , that 's how you find the best restaurants and them most peculiar attractions/places . 
  wait for the americans to bomb every city . 
  eventually die . 
  it 's unusual , like seeing someone wearing a pijama in the street . 
  i 'm more likely to avoid them because i believe people who are religious are less keen on deepen into their thoughts , but that 's just me . 
  i mean i have some religious friends , but still . 
  i 'm in my 20s and it has always been weird to find someone that was actually religious . 
  most people our age say they 're agnostic or atheist . 
  those who say they are most of the times do n't even practice . 
  the only people you see in church are either old people or families that want to look perfect . 
  well , it 's very hard to say . 
  america is all kinda the same compared to europe , so there 's always gon na be a country that is better at something than the us . 
  for example , as an italian , i 'd say that the american government is better organised , but a swedish for example might not agree on this . 
  surely not american express . 
  mastercard never let me down once . 
  is n't netherlands extremely poor compared to the other two states ? 
  they 're fucking dumb, 
  no because you 're 6 million people country , like a german , italian or french region and your military pretty much does n't exist . 
  i did n't include the uk because it 's so bloody weird and puts a lot of effort in not integrating with the rest of the eu . 
  compared to the big 4 absolutely , by an objective point of view . 
  no proper europe it 's 7 countries : france , germany , italy , netherlands , sweden , belgium and spain . 
  the others either do n't want to have anything to do with europe , are irrelevant , too eastern or weird . 
  outsiders . 
  france , italy . 
  sorry compatrioti . 
  girls are not as easy as they are in the us or in australia ( except for the uk ) .
