  but it surely gives you an idea of which countries and regions are currently innovators and which adaptors . 
  and i mean obviously if i see that the pays de la loire are green i 'm gon na think innovation is in nantes or maybe angers and not in chalonnes-sur-loire . 
  lovely town btw . 
  but is it really an average ? 
  is n't it the sum of all '' innovations '' in that area ? 
  because if so the size would n't really matter . 
  a'right but how does this relate with the innovation of such regions ? 
  purchasing power parity is considered as a better way to mesure wealth . 
  for instance you might earn 5000 euros a month in switzerland , but if you spend 90 % just for food , housing , etc. . . you 're not really richer than one who earns 2000 in brazil who only has to spend half of that money for basic necessities . 
  well we paid by staying pegged to the deutsche mark instead of switching back to a free float like the uk did . 
  the recession that began never really stopped for us . 
  it did n't really . 
  it began stagnating after that , when we started pegging our currency to the deutsche mark for the erm project . 
  germany , instead of behaving as a central currency should , decreased and increased the money supply so that it would benefit only itself . 
  this brought france and italy in recession . 
  it would have dragged also the uk down if it did n't get out of the system beforehand . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  same here . 
  i wish you 'd remember how in the 90s you were the sick man of europe , while we were rich af . 
  bof , les r\u00e9gions italiennes et francaises ne sont pas trop diff\u00e9rentes quand on consid\u00e8re la population : http://www.tuttitalia.it/regioni/popolazione/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ranked_list_of_french_regions#by_population, 
  excuse me ? 
  could you guys please take back south tyrol ? 
  it 's been almost a century and they still speak that language that sounds like cancer . 
  it is when you have to rejoice yourself on other teams victories that you should take a step back and realise how you won by mere luck . 
  not at all , france beat switzerland and germany which are two amazing teams . 
  you only beat wales , which beat belgium . 
  but this is not transferable . 
  oh c'mon you finished the group stage behind hungary and iceland , how sad is that . 
  france was the only strong team you face throughout all the euro 2016 . 
  we won against belgium , spain and had the closest call against germany who won the last world cup . 
  we got out with pride . 
  no i 'm serious , you guys sucked dicks throughout the whole competition . 
  germany had a much , much better team . 
  not really , they barely won 3 games against shitty teams and then the final . 
  if there anyone who should have won it was either wales , iceland or italy . 
  plz explain, 
  and many of them have family in russia or at least have russian ancestors due to stalin and other ussr leaders policies of moving people from one place to other in order to have a more homogenous population . 
  the old '' blood and soil '' doctrine . 
  they 're also very russian . 
  not that heavy , people living there and throughout ukraine have very strong family , historic and language bonds with russia . 
  it was in fact unsurprising that crimea voted almost unanimously to join russia . 
  it 's not half of ukraine , not even one fourth . 
  except alleged accusations of arming the rebels the russians have n't invaded ukraine . 
  ukraine could have joined nato in the following years , making the whole russia even more isolated , poor , and under threat of an invasion by a violent country . 
  i do n't see russians as blood-thirsty monsters , but as the rational geopolitical players who found themselves in the position of being considered the bad guy . 
  definitely , but i was trying to put things into scale . 
  russia tends to protect itself buy building and/or imposing relations with its close neighbour . 
  the us expands wherever it 's profitable with no concern of the people living there nor at home . 
  one of the two is much more dangerous . 
  but , hey , the us is our ally and we should totally let them keep their bases on our soil because after all russia is the real bad guy here . 
  amiright ? 
  we have n't voted our leftist government out , they just share the parliament with the majority the m5s and a bunch of other shitty/corrupted parties . 
  if anything we voted out berlusca , but that was a while ago . 
  oh so you 're no sanmarinese , your grandfather just moved to argentina ? 
  i do n't get your point , i feel you 're arguing for the sake of arguing . 
   maybe you should speak to some african farmers than and find out why they are n't growing enough to feed their population . 
  because they do n't have the technology , knowledge and sub-species needed to grow crops there . 
   the world may be large enough to grow enough crops to feed the world several times but lots of things conspire against that utopian vision of unlimited food for everyone . 
  we already produce more food than the one needed to feed the whole world . 
  yet crops are green and food is on your table . 
  not really , they were declared safe by most scientist and accepted as such by the international community . 
  anyways , i was referring to how we bred only the ones that would survive to certain conditions . 
  genetically modified was n't the term i was looking for . 
  my family has fields , the problems you 're referring to can be easily solved by switching between crops and letting weed grow for a year every now and then . 
  and we 'll still have enough food to feed the world several times . 
  the thing i 've not understood yet is : who profits from this ? 
  okay i know that cameron wanted to get some leverage against the eu and that some politicians wanted to secure their positions . 
  but really a brexit would only make people worse off , how could they still push this agenda with so much ardour ? 
  could half our economy be summed up better than this ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  what . 
  we 've genetically engineered crops so that they would survive any kind of weather . 
  there are cultivations everywhere of every sort of plants . 
  food shortages is the last of our problems . 
  they 'll still act like baboons . 
  but there will be less of them . 
  what 's the consistency of your pasta ? 
  what do you think about sandals and white socks ? 
  do your players dance before missing a rigore ? 
  milan is the new london . 
  accept it of gtfo . 
  you should fill it with more poland ... we can help . 
  * average murican . 
  ... there 's something weird about you zio, 
  it would what ? 
   you 're asking me what 's wrong with a policy that - inadvertently or not - discriminates against non-white poor people ? 
  wtf , it does n't discriminate against people of a different race but against their nationality . 
  there are so many instances where this happens , and for the right reasons . 
  why for example would a person from scotland ( a different country ) not have to show his passport when going to england , while i have to ? 
   of course not . 
  prove me it does . 
  what reversal in all and any of these ? 
  - we did n't have a third world war also thanks to the european project that lead countries which fought each other for millennia to not only stop killing each other but to cooperate and grow together . 
  - the oil crisis ended after a few year thanks to a united european diplomacy and thanks to economic cooperation growth grew exponentially for the decades to follow . 
  - the 2008 crisis look at this graph : https://europeansnapshot.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/gdp-eu-various-2015-04-10.png . 
  thanks to the ecb and united european policy we 've almost recovered after not even a decade after the worst economic crisis since the great depression . 
  - by having a common market we do n't have tariffs on products between eu countries . 
  which means that prices for consumers are much lower , thus increasing total welfare for society . 
   possibly churchill ? 
  why ?
