  since you 're turkish i 'll make a comparison between the two countries . 
   yeah well you have the 4th biggest population in the eu ( by far , 15 million more people than the following country ) so it 's not anything spectacular to have a big military or economy . 
  turkey has 15 million more people but it has a gdp of 1.88 trillion dollars while italy 's is 2.17 trillion dollars . 
  turkey is a hundred kilometers away from the biggest military conflict happening right now in the world . 
  on the other hand we 're chilling here with the greatest number of us military bases in europe . 
  i guess it makes sense not to spend much on military . 
   italy 's economy is absolutely failing , and it 's military is n't anything special ( you guys do n't even make it to the top 15 of the world ) . 
  now you may call russia and turkey asian countries as much as you please , but historically both countries have been intimately involved in european matters , moreso than any other region . 
  the oecd website says : `` gdp growth is expected to rise to 1.4 % in 2016 and 2017 . 
  the labour market is improving , helping to drive private consumption higher . '', 
  together with a general improvement of the eu 's economy i guess our you statement is absolutely rubbish . 
  yes , historically , also syria and tunisia and , more recently , the us and canada have been heavily involved in europe , nevertheless they 're not european afaik . 
   i 'm not saying italy is very weak , but at this point it really does n't have much . 
  judging from your username , you 're still holding on to the past , to the mighty roman empire , but those times are over . 
  again , at this point we 're the 8th biggest economy in the world , meaning that there are more than a hundred countries that are not as strong as we are , which is not bad imo . 
  my username refers to how what was done in the past by few people will always echo through history . 
  this is evident when looking at how , from napoleon to the us the organisation of the state was always based on the roman model . 
  i 'm certainly not calling for a rebirth of the roman empire , mussolini already tried that and it was n't very successful . 
  edit : a word . 
  in wwi we defeated the austro-hungarian empire which was incredibly stronger than us on the harshest battlefield in the world : the alps . 
  in wwii , yes , we were not as successful as much bigger countries ( like germany , russia and the us ) but among other things we opened a gap in the the surrounded stalingrad , allowing what was left of the german army to escape and invented the uomuni-rana , that was later copied by pretty much every country in the world ( like the navy seals in america ) . 
  i guess it 's a bit better than being annexed before the war even started uh ? 
  turkey and russia are mostly asian countries ( geographicallywise ), 
  4th biggest economy and military in europe , part of the g8 . 
  so weak , so accurate . 
  edit : most of you are talking about who ( in your opinion ) are the strongest military powers in europe , here is the actual ranking : http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing-europe.asp you can clearly see how russia and turkey are not included because they are in fact asian countries . 
  your comment appears to be removed . 
  uh ... sauce ? 
  nah it 's russia beating turkey the way it knows best : with winter . 
  i feel like in this subreddit if you 're eastern european you must hate everything that russia says and does . 
  no worries, 
  `` felice anno nuovo '' is too formal , only people that are older than 50 would use it , in a letter maybe . 
  we simply say `` buon anno '' or sometimes `` tutta la notte , coca e mignotte '' . 
  dude , one does n't have to live in a country to see similarities . 
  i mean i understand anybody that thinks we 're very similar to the spanish because we 're both mediterranean and our languages are similar . 
  i dunno , firstly i do n't think anybody can distinguish a russian from a latvian by looking at him/her , secondly you guys have been very very very close geographically for a long time , thirdly you guys were part of the same country for like 50 years , fourthly ( is that even a word ? ), 
  your traditional clothes look very similar . 
  the dude was using the adjective not referring to the geographical position . 
  your culture might appear totally unique and amazing to yourself , but to the few people that can distinguish between the three baltic states , you 're not noticeably different from a russian region . 
  yeah , basically saying `` eastern european '' is a nicer way to slavic or post-soviet . 
  of course poland , estonia , czech republic , etc. . . are geographically in the north of europe , but they 're extremely different from the rest of europe culturally , historically , and economically . 
  i thought that was quite obvious to all europeans . 
  that 's why i pointed it out, 
  which is ... absolutely fair ? 
  one people united under and single word ; shish . 
  a battle cry of a generation striving to regain the respect lost in decades of shameful politics , shish . 
  and the wind of change will forever whisper `` shish '' . 
  may our mouth be as full as his . 
  * eastern, 
  so your words related to war do n't have the prefix `` bell - '' ? 
  could you please give us some examples ? 
  adding to what you said , mount etna in sicily is also called mongibello from latin mons , mountain , and arabic jabel ( \u062c\u0628\u0644 ) which also means mountain . 
  basically mount mountainmountain . 
  same in italian but i believe it 's one of those words that were created much later after the fall of the empire by the elite that spoke latin rather than a word that survived in common spoken language . 
  what do each one of them mean ? 
  and that point is ludicrious . 
  the further away projections try to predict future from today , the more they become ureliable , that 's a simple economic fact . 
  too many variables come into the equation . 
  before wwii not a single person would have invested a penny in switzerland . 
  in the 90s germany was the sick man of europe . 
  yes , ee could continue to develop to indefinetely as it could suddenly halt and never get back on its feet . 
  the reality is that post soviet countries ' gdp increased incredibly because they could n't develop sooner as the rest of europe did , but 50 + years of poor living conditions will not be able to compete with southern europe 's 50 + years ( centuries actually ) of high quality education and more generally social infrastructure . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  yeah sorry for swearing , but it 's much easier to speak any language when you do it . 
  no , your graph shows , arguably accurate , projections for the next 4 years . 
  and it only shows that some ee countries overtook greece and portugal . 
  which are two 10 million people countries that just experienced the worst effects of the 2008 crisis in all of the eu . 
  good fucking job . 
  nah we just need to unify or criminal empire . 
  not the us , please . 
  maybe we can get massachusetts and new york , but you can keep the rest . 
  said ... the polish ? 
  yeah i mean if we accepted all of those poor post-soviet states we surely can get turkey . 
  bullshit , there a plenty of other economical and political reasons to join nato . 
  in the balkans . 
  - hello kid , i 'm grandfather frost and i came here to give you ... -- presents ?? 
  - no -- ... coal ? 
  - no , pneumonia . 
  we 're all a bunch of schizophrenic countries, 
  i meant romanians , there are so few poles in italy you guys are never even mentioned . 
  i love polish women , but they do n't seem to reciprocate my love ... kurwa !, 
  you know changing sides is our thing . 
  france won wwi . 
  what 's the difference between a bag full of shit and a frenchman ? 
  the bag . 
  you mean a knife ? 
  dude ... 
  i hate to break this for you but our media and elders blame every single case of rape , robbery and most crimes on you guys ( whether legitimately or not ) . 
  that 's the kind of skill i want to see in most of our current politicians . 
  eh i would n't be too sure about that , our media tell us exactly what we 're supposed to discuss and distract us from real issues . 
  just consider that they made a large part of the population hate the only party that is not corrupt ( movimento 5 stelle ) on the basis that their leader screams too much . 
  edit : and we 're italians we love shouting !, 
  how crazy is that !, 
  well that is a double-edged sword , since useful reforms can be passed faster , but at the same time lobbyists and mafiosi can put through their interests more easily . 
  but that does n't matter really , i see people behaving the same way our corrupt politicians do but to a smaller scale , our leaders reflect who we are . 
  on the other hand i 'm rejoiced when i speak to younger people : they have the hardworking mentality and higher morals older people lost . 
  that 's the thing i do n't understand , italian culture , ethnicities and language are the closest to the french ones , nevertheless you guys chose to be germany 's little helper instead of being our big brother . 
  yeah about that ... italians grew up with the american dream , the us was the greatest country of the world , no doubt about that . 
  we wanted to celebrate halloween and thanksgiving even though they have nothing to do with our culture . 
  but in the last decade or so we 've grown some hatred toward you guys because of , you know , your foreign policies in south america and middle east .
