  i have the suspicion there are also many americans disguised as europeans . 
   you were talking about the migrant crisis . 
  that 's a completely different issue . 
  not really . 
  not in my opinion at least . 
  the preventable death of a syrian in the mediterranean makes me as sad as the one of a slovakian . 
   could you provide examples ? 
  genuinly curious . 
  dude , i would , but it 's something i see casually , i do n't save them oc . 
  free movement of people is a pillar of the eu , and removing labour movement barriers is one of economics . 
  which are both liberal institutions . 
  repudiating it is not marginal . 
   you get passive-aggressive racist/retarded comments everywhere really . 
  sure , but in r/europe they 're not downvoted . 
  and they always seem to come from the baltics and eastern europeans for some reason . 
  which are the least affected by immigration and those who benefit the most from emigration . 
  it 's quite moderate now , but during the period when the media were focused on the migrant crisis it was extremely right-wing . 
  that 's why many people fled to r/europes . 
  but you still get passive-aggressive racist/retarded comments . 
  i believe it 's not that they made you more nationalistic , it 's that you became more aware of it and how it is perceived by others . 
  which is something you probably did n't give much thought while living in your own country . 
  hell , if those are the least nationalistic and most educated i do n't wan na meet the ones that stayed at home . 
  i 'd say i have no culture , but that colosseum brick lying on my desk can not lie . 
  when your capital 's selling point is '' we 're close to actually nice places '' . 
  i did n't curse 2 . 
  learn how to speak english 3 . 
  it is mentioned in the quote i posted how it was `` a mere change of status '' . 
  which is from wikipedia . 
  yeah cuz that 's like a fundamental part of the roman history huh . 
  it 's not even real citizenship , for there was n't an expansion of rights nor duties . 
  it was more a bureaucratic move . 
  thus proving you talked out of your arse . 
  maybe you should just focus on cycling and bad food , that you do well . 
  what do you mean `` it was a common thing '' ? 
  like people woke up in the morning and found a citizenship outside their door ? 
  i studied roman history for five years , but i 'm sure your 5 minute search on google beats that . 
  the roman empire spanned for almost 500 years , i 'm suspicious of any source that does not specify a date or period ( or roman author ) . 
  but , still , it was n't a large part of the population . 
  it might be the case in the later stages of the roman empire , but i have never heard of it before . 
  sauce ? 
  bullshit , only the people living in the peninsula and islands around it were considered roman citizens . 
  well , but we do n't focus of it too much , last time we did it things did n't turn out too well ... 
  yes yes . 
  doubt it , that region was already under italian control and he did n't rush that far north afaik . 
  i did . 
  my father has a few guns . 
  for hunting mostly . 
  some regions have a higher gdp per capita than some german states and most british regions . 
  i live a few miles from there . 
  nah , not at all . 
  meh , the northern italian work ethics are really strict and tidy so to say . 
  often more than the germans . 
  however the south is at a third world country level , i guess the people you had to deal with were from there . 
  no we were copying the french cuz ideals of the french revolution n shit . 
  really . 
  yeah but for the most part foreign investment . 
  san marino because it 's literally the oldest country ( republic ) in the world . 
  also , we could n't be bothered annexing it since it would n't make a difference . 
  every time they want to pass some law we do n't like we 're like `` how about we close every road to your country and let you starve ? 
  word lol, 
  easy question . 
  france . 
  fiat and alfa romeo . 
  cortina d'ampezzo , italy : the queen of the dolomites . 
  there are already enough shitty slavic cities in the world . 
   most diverse in terms of dialects bahahahaah, 
  you used to have a real navy too . 
  before we completely destroyed it and stole your main port . 
  and a [ professional poker player ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=berlusconi&amp;client=ms-android-om-lge&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjb05odqknqahvdnrokhbkfbbwq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=513#imgrc=bvtfvsd03gnqdm%3a ) as our prime minister . 
  when i checked a few months ago i could n't find any . 
  so i just found the number of homeless in the us and eu states and divided by the total population . 
  it 's because the wealth is not as evenly distributed as in western europe . 
  they have a rate of homelessness which is about 10-20 folds the highest one in europe . 
  throughout the past year i heard nobody , from both sides , talking about removing the electoral college until after the election . 
  even though it has already happened 4 times that a president lost the popular vote but was elected anyways . 
  pffff call me back when you reelect berlusconi . 
  we 're trying to deeply destabilise the country for decades through a constitutional referendum . 
  i know it 's not much , but we 're trying !, 
  if russia could just move on and invade some ee country that 'd be great . 
  we 've always been and always will be . 
  if you ever hear some italians speaking italian outside italy , you 're sure they 're either talking shit about someone or talking about things that no one would talk about in public . 
  the fact that our language makes us sound always happy does n't make us such . 
  yeah during summer . 
  when it 's hot . 
  it 's windy due to being surrounded by sea so it 's fine . 
  also all of the north goes over 28c only during two months a year . 
  also i doubt they find it depressing or the place would n't be full of northern europeans for most of the year . 
  a grey sky over a cold greensih sea does n't really inspire mirth . 
  not in italy , going to the beach during ferragosto is an old custom , especially for poor people . 
  i was too young to remember the first time i went to the beach . 
  i live in the inland and i sometimes miss going to the beach and swimming , but i 'd never miss the depressing northern seas such as the british and dutch ones . 
  la grande bellezza . 
  or anything from fellini . 
  well we 'll become the europeans . 
  both germany and italy were formed by very different smaller independent countries until 150 years ago . 
  no i 'm talking about the topic of nazism/wwii in general . 
  if you talk about with it an italian , we 'd probably joke about it and just take it very lightly . 
  but most germans will try very hard to avoid the topic . 
  i feel like you guys are brought up with an invisible but constantly present finger pointing at you for what someone else did . 
  and some germans agree with me .
