  it is not hatred , it 's animosity . 
  but it 's well-founded animosity . 
  to be fair most europeans can appear snob to the american eye . 
  especially considering that if you can locate a foreign country on a map or count without using your fingers you 're a nerd to them . 
  i 'm not talking about the current level , i 'm talking about the post-brexit vote one . 
   monte paschi mean anything to you ? 
  which has nothing to do with '' banking debt '' or whatever that is , and it 's all about non-performing loans . 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;view=10y nope , not at all it 's the lowest since the 2008 crisis even though we 've been depreciating the euro so much it 's almost at par with the us$ . 
  dafaq is banking debt ? 
  did count von count from sesame street teach you international finance ? 
  my father owns several rifles and pistols , i 've been going out hunting with him since i was 6 . 
  this however does n't mean i want people to be able to acquire guns without a licence nor i 'd like people around me owning military-grade weapons . 
  i 'm not blaming anybody , just calling a spade a spade . 
  huh k. r/anarchy and r/lackofanyknowledgeofhowsocietyworks are that way . 
  it seems rich from your perspective because of how depreciated the pound is . 
  look up in the dictionary the words '' public good '' and '' negative externality '' . 
  sure because an historian can not know more about a certain historical period than the people who actually lived during that time . 
  also one can not have an opinion about something without having experienced that directly . 
  great logic . 
  it 's not really that bad , it 's just that basically nobody lives in fucking calabria , so a couple of extra murders bring the average up . 
  regarding other southern regions , the mafia is so well organised there people do n't kill each other in the streets anymore , it works more like a corporation than a gang . 
  they 're actually so big that ` ndrangheta alone has a higher revenue than the deutsche bank and mcdonald 's put together . 
  your banking sector comprises 11.6 % of your economy , which is more than twice other major european countries ' percentage . 
  it 's not hard being the most innovative country when you have so much money to fund investment . 
  italy has a hundred times the number of copyrighted inventions of switzerland , but we also have six times your population . 
  i mean , making money off foreign deposits without creating any new wealth is n't really working , is it ? 
  yeah life is good when you live on others people ' money huh ? 
  '' no pal , it 's not at all about muh ghuns durr durr !!, 
  ! 1 '' what 's the reason then mate ? 
  is it because you 're all fucking retarded ? 
  is n't that russia ? 
  nah i actually live in the nl , it 's just such a peculiar case of human stupidity that it makes for a great one-upper when talking about politics . 
  funny , my european friends and i mention it at least weekly . 
  thanks to u/i124nk8 for the link . 
  `` the sun never sets on the british empire '' there are three country on the italian peninsula . 
  german humor , or lack thereof , strikes again . 
  and to culture really . 
  the sun always sets three times on the italian kingdom . 
  italy never fought with the central powers because the alliance was solely defensive and austria-hungary and germany attacked first . 
  they also did not communicate their intentions to italy before and during the war you fucking knobhead, 
  no we did not, 
  fuck it , this time we 'll take back the iberic peninsula and make a latin union of insolvent countries . 
  at least we won one out of two wws . 
  the euro and the coal and steel pact are about 40 years apart . 
  you have to pay more for imports and to go on vacation , but you also have much more money to spend due to the euro . 
  hard to believe when one says `` gers economy is monocausal '', 
  i agree structural reforms are needed , but fiscal management has little power without a monetary one . 
  you have no clue what the referendum was about . 
  and yet you speak . 
  we do n't really want to borrow because we do n't want to increase our debt to the level where it becomes unmanageable . 
  and we did n't that 's why we did n't have to be bailed out during the crisis . 
  you 're dumb . 
  i 'm not saying it was a bad move strategically , just calling a spade a spade . 
  one of the basic notions of economics is that money is neutral in the long run . 
  yeah we see how going for the risky choice has worked out for you throughout history . 
  allies that did n't communicate their intentions of starting a war beforehand and that began building forts on the border with italy at the very beginning of the war . 
  what ? 
  germany attacked both france and russia with no other reason than that the russians began mobilizing their army . 
  what ? 
  hahahaha, 
  i do n't , i was merely explaining past economic events . 
  germany was not doing at all well before the introduction of the euro . 
  european integration is so that germany does n't try to take over the continent again . 
  we took a risk . 
  switzerland is rich , and this has nothing to do with what currency they have . 
  you did n't ask any question . 
  also the graph is meaningless , two variables can grow at once and this does n't imply causation . 
  as was every other empire doing at the time . 
  also , austria was controlling italian regions . 
  i do n't see how the balkans and greece freeing themselves from ottomans is bad . 
  we did n't want to destroy every other country in the world , only enlarge our empire . 
  oh yeah great 6 years old argument . 
  the italian referendum was n't a black and white situation like the brexit . 
  both the no and yes front had solid arguments , and there is no blame for whoever voted for either . 
  i 'm not . 
  europe has been since wwii . 
  no it 's not , i can give you so many example , a change in the interest rate or even inflation rate target will have an immediate effect on the financial ( and exchange rate ) market . 
  where did you get your economic notions from ? 
  a huge growth that was still not enough to beat italy , which has a smaller population . 
  not it has n't it always had high growth until the middle 90s . 
  the first two were written after . 
  empirically means we could not see this phenomenon , which we did n't because there was no other large monetary union of different countries . 
  without empirical basis we could not test theories and those formulated were no more than philosophy . 
  it 's not always delayed . 
  they did n't have an impact also in the long-run . 
  the difference between western germany and france relatively to their economic masses was n't great . 
  it 's gdp in ppp terms was lower than italy 's for most of the time between 1950 and the 90s . 
  i 'm referring to the 90s and early 2000 ( obviously i thought since we were talking about the introduction of the euro ) . 
  germany had several structural problems one of which was having to pay $ 1.5 trillion due to the reunification with eastern germany . 
  furthermore it slipped into recession in 2003 . 
  how, 
  bahahahaha i did n't know he actually said that . 
  i 'm sure they did n't know , a monetary union this large did n't exist at the time , we had no theoretical nor empirical basis . 
  because those reforms had little impact to the real economy , while the euro had . 
  well a pocker player prefers leaving the table when his pockets are full . 
  having to cooperate because everybody is scared that germany goes off for yet another killing spree is n't really our fault . 
  this calvinistic mentality of `` he is a bad monetary situation , it must be his fault ! '', 
  has really no place in the academic society . 
  italy 's economy is not as strong as it * was because our system of depreciation to increase exports during times of crisis can not be implemented anymore ( while it 's automatically implemented in germany since the euro wo n't appreciate as much due to other eurozone countries ' lower productivity ) . 
  this system is macroeconomically feasible and has worked fantastically well for us for the past 54 years .
