  given your obesity rates you still are . 
  they lost way more than that in the recent past * wink * * wink *, 
   we were left alone when mehmed ii besieged constantinupolis we were there :'(, 
  i was joking , it 's just because it 's so random . 
  true , it 's weird they write in french now . 
  we stand united under figa . 
  everysinglefuckingbody told you so . 
  i feel like your summary can be very well applied to our history too . 
  however the ups and downs are higher and lower respectively . 
  why the fuck do you have an emilia-romagna 's flag ? 
  seriously why is that even an option . 
  who will recognise it except for you and i , who are from that region ? 
  it 's a wild-boar dude . 
  sauce ? 
  i do n't think there was ever a pro-eu protest that turned * violent . 
  in may ? 
   a drunk gerard depardieu i did n't know he also existed in sober form . 
  yeah man , it 's our fault for what some people that were born in the same land we were born 100 years ago did . 
  makes sense . 
  genius . 
  what should have we done , keep fighting until the last man knowing we will lose no matter what ? 
  big boy tucker close your pc and go back to your field in kentucky . 
  hahahahahahahahha so funny dude !! 1 !!, 
  how did you come up with such an original joke ? 
  please tell us , we wan na know !, 
  fuck man , i know history is hard . 
  we usually fuck your mom . 
  i mean , once we 're done your sister . 
  so beautiful you called your country after it !, 
  fucking hell , that story still gets on my nerves . 
  true : my gf always talks about how rome is more beautiful than my city ( bologna ) and how amazing rome is . 
  i tell her '' not because of the people living there now , hell it might improve if they were not '' . 
  usually shuts the argument pretty quick . 
   what a hilarious strawman . 
  did i say they pose a threat to my existence ? 
  in any spot did i make that claim ? 
  or are you making inferences based on the flag beside my username ? 
  did i ever refer to yourself personally ? 
  by ` land ' i meant eastern europe . 
  who gives a flying fuck about ukraine and georgia , we were talking about the baltics and the other eu ee nations . 
   you as an italian have never experienced that and can not even hope to understand it . 
  yes , and men can not understand what being raped means and the poors can not imagine what being rich entails . 
   this little proxy war you 've come up with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/years_of_lead_ ( italy ) if you really believe that the gravity of an event is defined solely by the number of souls it claims then you 're a fool . 
   the austrian 's are n't currently posing a threat to your existence you absolute tit . 
  the chances of russia invading that god-forgotten land you call home and subsequently being annihilated by the us and eu forces is the same as those of austria invading us . 
   you 've never experienced your very culture and way of life threatened by an external foe . 
  i would say that the us fostering a proxy civil war between the communist and fascist parties in italy for over 50 years is enough . 
  well right after wwi basically the whole population was indirectly or directly affected by the actions of the austrians . 
  yet , we came in their support and protected them when hitler was amassing troops on the border . 
  hahahaha, 
  huh-huh the russians treated out city-state badly , let 's drag the rest of the world into ww3 !!, 
  dude the austrians fucked us hard for a century , however we do n't hold a grudge . 
  because it 's retarded . 
  think for a second if we did the same . 
  but with the baltics being part of russia . 
  it 's not funny anymore now is it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are you trying to imply that fostering the idea that a whole country is inherently evil and needs to be destroyed in order to make it easier for the us to maintain its geopolitical grip on europe is not good ? 
  are you ~ ~ not a paranoiac eastern european ~ ~ crazy ? 
   because moscow is forcefully taking money from the rich regions . 
  huh but that 's what being a country ( or more generally a fiscal union ) entails . 
  you take money from regions that are doing better and pump it into those that are n't so that they can converge to the same steady state and the whole country not suffer from shit like the dutch disease . 
  bahahahaha, 
  booooooo, 
   he was italian of course in the larger sense , like i 'm european , but he was florintian first . 
  so what ? 
  was van gogh any less dutch because he identified as a citizen from zundert ? 
   the big mysteries that fascinate archeologists nowadays we were not really talking about what brings archeologists out of bed in the morning , now were we ? 
  we were talking about what 's worth preserving . 
   what did we learn from yet another aqueduct ? 
  romans built aqueducts , how surprising . 
  how and why cities surrounding rome adopted water-rich agriculture ; what was the extent of trade between rome and the surrounding tribes ; could and how ancient civilisation support large populations . 
   just because a people was less advanced does n't mean they are less worthy studying . 
  oh please tell me how many pages of your history textbooks were devoted to the celts and ostrogoths , and how many to the romans and byzantines . 
  it is our history ( < 3 ), 
  yes but he spoke an italic language ( which actually became modern italian ) and the concept of italy as a single entity was already well-established ( the peninsula was a separate province in the roman empire whose citiziens were considered roman and also in dante 's divina commedia for instance ) . 
   except we know pretty much everything there is to know in italy . 
  bahahahahahha we discovered the ancient world 's largest aqueduct by casually digging a hole in the ground just a few years ago . 
   the varna civilization and other bronze age people are really mysterious in comparison i 'd say the etruscans , who were much more spread and developed are more worthy studying . 
  the thing is that the italian peninsula saw great civilisations for thousands of years . 
  and it was the most populous and richest region in the continent for the most part in the last 3000 years . 
  it obviously holds more important and simply more artifacts and such . 
  yeah the eu should fund this shit . 
  instead of investing in the preservation of baltic '' history '' . 
   i do n't think leonardo da vinci would identify as italian huh wat, 
  you would n't say so if you knew what is written in that letter . 
  you mean mona lisa di leo ... oh wait :(, 
  thanks everybody for trying . 
  if you 're asking it to an american . 
   the netherlands . 
  but not amsterdam because it is a fucking shithole . 
  rotterdam on the other hand is an amazing city . 
  i want to use the roman dialect term for $ 100 : `` piotta '' , plural is `` piotte '', 
   yes , your answer is not only very exhaustive but is also quite the generalisation indeed . 
  those i have cited are all facts about the people living there . 
  drug use , petty theft , and corruption are rampant , a 30 seconds verbal exchange with any roman is enough to realise how little knowledge of the italian language they have . 
  denying any of this is pure hypocrisy . 
  if there are a few people who do share the traits i mentioned they 're a small minority . 
   your low character , your delicate psyche , some deep-seeded trauma , for having stolen your girl , wankers 5 ad personam insults in a 7 lines , comment . 
  fuck man if someone has a ` delicate psyche ' between you and i that 's not me .
