  no : i 'm gon na have waffles for breakfast . 
  but would it engineer ? 
  is it really bad that the fact that a german knows the exact figures makes me laugh ? 
  what the actual fuck , i 'm referring to the fact that countries like saudi arabia , for instance have n't invested nearly enough in human resources and do n't have any other resource that could provide for such a big population . 
  canada has invested well in human resources and has plenty of other resources . 
  dude ... arabic countries are states where people speak arabic , meaning that all of those in the maghreb are included . 
  and , no , most of those who pass through libia come from sub-saharan countries . 
  i think the first point is extremely more important and urgent . 
  the other one is a positive side effect . 
  i 'm referring to the countries surrounding libia , what do turkey , iran or jordan have to do with anything ? 
  the migrants do n't come from there , they only pass through turkey to get to the balkans . 
  also iran has about 10 % of the world oil supply , its economy is mostly based on that . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  yeah i 'm asking if you have a source for that . 
  would even you compare the control of a town to the situation in siria and iraq ? 
  we do n't have to invade it , we just need to control the routes where migrants pass from . 
  and we 're not doing it ` us-style ' because we want to control the country 's resources , we just want to evitate that many other people die in the mediterranean . 
  okay , but by the time migrants arrive in germany and sweden their health conditions are already pretty good , while the people that come on those rafts are often critical . 
  the countries in the balkans ( except for austria ) do n't rescue and feed migrants , at least not nearly as much as italy does . 
  i never said that . 
  but if you see it you 're free to say it , no one is holding you back . 
  isis is not yet very active in libia . 
  sauce ? 
  i know , but one is basically a tribe duke and the other one , the one we 're supporting , is a military chief that will probably be worse than gheddafi . 
  we were libia closest ally , we know the country well , and the other maghreb countries do n't give a flying fuck about libia , they probably only see it as a competitor . 
  it was just an economic choice , who knows if it was really unfruitful , maybe the crisis would have been even worse if banks totally stopped lending money to people . 
  because most of the arabic countries are boxes full of sand that base their economies on oil ( which as soon as it will run out will leave them worse than how they started ) and tourism ( which competes directly with the mediterranean tourism in europe ) . 
  by a purely capitalistic point of view there 's absolutely no point in us investing our money there . 
  edit : a word . 
  as long as italy is single-handedly doing the operation there 's a chance . 
  italy is the biggest european trader in europe of russia and thanks to the fact that it 's handling by itself most of the migrant crisis ( and it 's the most directly afflicted by it ) it has a lot of soft power . 
  putting our money in unfruitful investments does n't seem very intelligent . 
  also there are no real conflicts , just the absence of any form of higher power , and can only be created by the people living there . 
  yes , i can see the possible implications and downsides , but the migrant crisis is totally out of control and , while libia is in a state of civil war , the surrounding countries still have a government that wo n't let ( as many ) migrants cross the mediterranean sea because otherwise there would be an eu economical retaliation . 
  they have been thinking about it for a while https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2015/03/03/push-m03.html, 
  probably not , libia was an italian colony for some decades so we already have some knowledge and previous relations of/with the place . 
  but most of all we 're not there to control the oil production like the us in iraq , we 're there to simply evitate that boats full of migrants leave the coast and hopefully destroy that market from within . 
  it 's a simple task and we only have to regulate a small portion of the land . 
  i do n't see the problem in invading libia , the uk and france already dragged other countries in destroying the already existing government . 
  i 'm almost 2 meters tall and most men in my city are taller than 1.85 , but yeah i guess the southeners are pretty short . 
  probably because ireland is very small , pretty far from maghreb/middle east and not as strong economically as other european countries . 
  your just a fucking russian that hates ukraine !! 1 ! 1 !!, 
  get this propagandistic shit out of here !!, 
  i live in emilia and very few friends of mine found a summer job ( considering they have the scientific diploma ) , probably in the centre/south is different . 
  yes , we 're the fourth largest economy and military in europe , so the first 3 are pressuring us not to let them pass through the border . 
  my bad , i did n't get you were being sarcastic . 
  looking at my past experience with the belgian people , fucking your girlfriend . 
  they would just become hobos and go around stealing , it does n't seem like a better option . 
  it was not our choice dude , not at all . 
  actually libia was one our closest economical ally outside europe ( non puoi non aver notato tutti i legami tra gheddafi e il berlusca ) . 
  it was france and the us mostly that decided to '' spread democracy and freedom '' on those oil-filled criminals . 
  the fact that we are saving so many people 's lives gives us a lot of soft power ( check it out : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soft_power ) . 
  is it our fault that we are the closest country to libia ? 
  a country that france among others decided to destabilise btw . 
  also , it 's not really a choice since the eu laws obviously do n't let us let people drown in the sea . 
  also , we can not make them stay in our country because of the schengen area . 
  and what do you mean that our country can not provide for its own people ? 
  they do n't need those documents to work , they need them to move to other countries , which other countries in the eu are pressuring us not to allow them to . 
  also we have so few available jobs now that you need a degree to do an internship or even to work as a waiter . 
  the only job they could find is an illegal one . 
  meh , we already have this guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matteo_salvini, 
  well , they probably are in murica . 
  you must be new here , r/europe really hates immigrants . 
  kind of , i mean , some are taller and some are not . 
  did you write this while riding your gaycicle ? 
  so what ? 
  do i have to be held accountable for any fabulous fashion choice of the people that have my same passport ? 
  yes . 
  at the gay council, 
  so basically gypsies are ugly ? 
  still , romania has a gdp per capita much lower than most countries in europe . 
  people in vienna might not show off but they still live a much better life . 
  i 'm totally serious , we do n't differentiate between romanians and gypsies , except for the fact that most gypsies are homeless and are always begging for change . 
  what are the main differences ? 
  hey we live close to each other !, 
  i live just across the border . 
  anyways , how can you tell they 're gypsies ? 
  i mean i thought the whole rom culture was about begging and settling in new places for short periods of time . 
  it 's mostly because i 've never heard or seen in my life of/a rich gypsy and if you want provide some statistics and data you 're free to . 
  but if you wan na try convince me with some video of a guy driving a rented lamborghini then you 're not gon na make it . 
  i honestly do n't . 
  and to be fair , they 're both kinda irrelevant . 
  i do n't know dude , i 'm not an expert on post-wwii , pre-millennium germany . 
  again , the definition of '' wealthy '' changes a lot depending on where you live . 
  like what ? 
  shooting their boats ? 
  build a giant wall ? 
  dude , romania is even poorer than greece . 
  i bet most people in western europe could go there and show off without even trying . 
  that 's the question . 
  yes exactly , that 's really the whole fucking point dude , there might be a few rich gypsies that have some wealth , as probably there are few dogs that are born with five legs instead of four . 
  but you put it as if most gypsies in germany are rich af , which is bullshit . 
  by watching the movie berlin zoo things seemed pretty fucked up . 
  but anyways , still , a great part of the population was in that other country . 
  they 'll still find a way to come , especially when there 's nowhere else they can go . 
  i do n't understand what 's written there , for all i know they could be some wealthy romanians . 
  seriously , i do n't know what you have seem that impressed you so much , but you 're the first person ever that considers gypsies as rich people . 
  if by '' some '' you mean one or two . 
  there are n't pretty much any wealthy gypsies . 
  yes but why should we put our money in unfruitful investments ?
