  oh yes , in fact we can count thousands of serious terrorist attacks that were perpetrated by refugees . 
  does n't matter . 
  i 'd rather risk having a small terrorist attack than leaving millions to starve and get killed . 
  yeah but wwii destroyed a shitton of buildings . 
  in germany in particular . 
  those that were rebuilt look like shit . 
  yeah helsinki looks very sad and monotone . 
  the cold weather does n't help . 
  but at the same time one can not do as we do in italy , we should repurpose old buildings for more modern purposes . 
  well he 's wrong . 
  the situation is not black and white , the ecb has limited power due to many reasons , one of which is the eurozone not being a fiscal union . 
  i mean they 'd be happy to cancel the greek foreign debt and impose financial stability , but 1 ) they ca n't directly do that 2 ) nothing stops the next greek leadership from squandering the money once again . 
  oh fuck i missed that , what happened ? 
  bitch please , with a 2 hours drive here you go from -4 in the alps to +40 in bologna or rimini, 
  what about the '' german run '' : germans waiting in line in front of the library for it to open so they can reserve the best spots . 
   i ca n't remember that i 've ever said otherwise . 
  you implied that ancient historians ' works have little value compared to today 's historians . 
  this is not the case since we can check whether their stories were accurate or not . 
  julius caesar 's de bello gallico was n't a daily journal kept for military purposes did i stutter ? 
  we have many journals ( mostly parts of them ) from dione cassio , historia romana by appiano of alessandria , lucio floro , plutarco , and many others . 
   we have copies of it no shit , i thought it was general knowledge that paper does n't last long . 
  important works were copied by several scribes during the same period , if the different copies report the information then we consider the information as relevant . 
   romanocentric worldview . 
  is there another in europe of that period ? 
  like seriously , is there a norsecentric worldview ? 
   no `` proper '' historians with an understanding of source critique and so on have existed before the modern day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_historians#historians_and_chroniclers_of_the_ancient_world modern historians do compare sources of different ancient historians to assess the veracity of their claims . 
   there are extremely few events in medieval or pre-medieval history where we have that kind of certainty . 
  absolutely no , for example we have an incredibly good knowledge of ceasar 's conquest of gallia due to the romans actually writing down daily journals for military porpuses . 
  now that is an historical source , stories handed down orally for three centuries are not . 
  oh now anybody who tries to discuss the veracity of your beloved history has a complex . 
   much like the old myths of any other people , greek , roman , et c. not really , the greek and romans had a large number of proper historians at the time . 
  and i pointed out to them being miths because poetry is not history . 
   the law codes . 
  the law codes in particular tells us a lot about how their society worked . 
  fair enough , but it is a single snapshot of a specific time , they do not tell us how the society developed . 
   so first , it 's laughable to talk about coast guard in the pacific , it 's not marseilles you know . 
  i 'm sure french polynesia has at least a couple of boats to spare . 
  and some of the navy 's boats can act as coast guard . 
   when a boat enters national water and is asked to stop , it stops . 
  but when they do n't they 're either sank or boarded . 
  i want to believe . 
  what ? 
  i do n't know how watered-down are the translations in other languages , but if you read the orginal italian text you need to also read a full page of explanation/translation for every 5 lines you read . 
  and for a lot of the shit he wrote we still do n't know wtf he was referring to . 
  well if a boat enters a country 's national waters illegally it often is the case that the navy or the coast guard intervenes , it is not really that uncommon . 
   limiting the negative outcome . 
  but the negative diplomatic and public opinion outcomes has been much worse than they would have been if they blocked them in french waters . 
   those who said `` should have '' did n't have to make a choice . 
  of course , of course . 
  you mean sagas handed down for generations orally and then written down hundreds of years after they happened ? 
  when historians gauge the veracity of ancient sources they do not consider much those written just a few years later or by those who did not witness them . 
   eddas did the majority of the viking population live in iceland ? 
  are now mithological poems a good source for historical events ? 
   thousands of runestones littering scandinavia drawings with maybe a couple of lines of text about mithology ? 
  let 's make a tv-series about it !, 
   being ignorant on a subject well then i guess i 'll make a monument honouring it then , oh wait ... 
  wow , three texts written at the very end of the viking age . 
  impressive historical source right there . 
  yeah but sinking the ship on foreign soil was stupid at best . 
  they could have just drawn a '' line in the sea '' and lawfully threaten to sink the ship in case they entered french waters . 
  i find the obsession of scandinavians and americans with viking history very silly . 
  the vikings did not know how to write and read , we have little to no knowledge about them except from the artifacts they left ( even though they lived long after the greeks and romans ) . 
  how can you commemorate a battle you have no idea when or if it really even happened . 
  did n't they already lose a war against iceland ? 
  nobody cares about you , spain . 
  were there really sommozzatori attacking allied ships during the d-day !, 
  well at least the occupation by the soviet union is over now . 
  it depends , thermal panels ( which are the most energy efficient ) actually need heating electromagnetic waves . 
   yes , but this means that in a country where there is less capital you 're less likely to see businesses like this start up . 
  as i already said capital can be acquired internationally , especially in europe . 
  for the deutsche bank an investment in germany is the same as anywhere else once you account for country-specific risk . 
   yes , but it 's not the country that 's selling it . 
  it 's an individual or a group . 
  their best interests do n't align with the best interests of a country in this kind of a situation . 
  and being a small or a big country does n't change that . 
  small businesses are bought by big corporations in france the same way they are in malta . 
   aldi -  high quality products , good prices in the nl it 's the shittiest supermarket one can find . 
  no sun except close to the caspian sea , and no sea close to inhabited areas . 
  which is stupid considering nuclear power is the only form of long-term stable energy production possibility we have now . 
   and if you 're starting a business this does n't always work . 
  not every business is successful , so banks do not give out loans in many cases . 
  which happens in every single country , big or small . 
   yes , they get pennies on the dollar of what it 'll be worth down the line . 
  they 're selling it , they do n't have a gun pointed to their head when they sign the contract . 
  banks are ready to lend to anybody in any country as long as proof of returns can be provided . 
  so capital is not the problem . 
  if a business is bought it means that is successful . 
  the money from the acquisition go to the previous owner , assuming he 's a local , this is good for the economy . 
  even in the case that everybody from the firm is fired this frees up human capital that can be utilised elsewhere in the economy . 
  however , what you just said has nothing to do with taxation nor international trade . 
  exactly , small countries have other comparative advantages they can utilise . 
  ... and levies much higher tax on people . 
  on us . 
  how 's that bullying ? 
  that is the money we made through our productive means . 
  tax heavens are parasites that make the world economy inefficient by rewarding transaction cost sectors . 
  please do . 
  we had fun last time . 
  the desk seems inherently messy .
