  you 'll notice that italy is slightly poorer than slightly colder western european countries , which is in line with the general theory i proposed . 
  again , we have very little arable land and we still need subsidies from the eu since developing countries can produce the same amount of food for a lower price . 
   brazil is in a less than advantageous climate , has more bribery , less available technology and mass poverty . 
  this all combines into low development . 
  solving these problems leads to higher development . 
  these are all symptoms that derive from it 's hot climate , the gravity model of trade and a high population compared to its development and natural resources . 
  for example australia has similar base characteristics as brazil but it has a much lower population compared to its land and resources , meaning that just cheaply extracting and selling these resources , growing crops and raising cattle is enough for it to have a much higher output than the world 's average without really having a developed service and manufacturing economy like the european countries . 
  as if the whole article did n't take information out of context in order to make a weak point . 
  i actually had it in as minor at uni for three years . 
  it 's first year international relations theory . 
  yes italy has basically no natural resources . 
  or at least they 're do n't make up a substantial part of our gdp nor our exports , contrary to the us and australia . 
  it has also an average hotter climate than the optimal one . 
  i mentioned the climate because brazil for example has also a large amount of natural resources , but also an overall much hotter climate that allows for less development ( https://public.tableau.com/profile/hermann.chong#!/vizhome/temperaturevshdi/temperaturevshdi ) . 
  '' italian '' hahahaha, 
  try to read the articles your post , gorbachev : '' another issue we brought up was discussed : making sure that nato 's military structures would not advance and that additional armed forces would not be deployed on the territory of the then-gdr after german reunification '' . 
  which happened . 
  yeah the ability to defend one self has always been like the major characteristic of a country . 
  for instance the italian states were weak when divided and even though their culture differed more than , let 's say , the czech republic and slovenia , their built a unified country so they could survive and prosper . 
  same thing happened with germany . 
  but that 's not the point , the point is that the world does n't want to enter another ww due to some poor , undeveloped , cultureless , tiny slavic country . 
  and rightfully so . 
  yeah the roman empire is totally why we 're the 8th biggest economy in the world , right . 
  purchasing power power parity accounts for how much a person can buy in each country relatively to their wage , which only means that either italian workers are paid less or that the products are more expensive or both . 
  it has n't much to do with productivity . 
  if you count the eu , the us only recently ( due to the crisis ) surpassed the former in terms of gdp . 
  considering that the us gets an incredibly big slice of its output by simply extracting and selling natural resources ( which are in comparison absent in europe ) i 'd say that it really does n't depend on the americans skills , technology nor cleverness . 
  yeah good job on using military power to oppress , destroy and control smaller countries , while you could use those billions for , i do n't know , housing those hundreds of thousands of homeless people . 
  i speak english now for the same reason you do . 
  the british were able to conquer and impose the english language on a much larger number of people than the other european countries . 
  i could use the same logic and ask you why you 're writing using a latin alphabet or why you 're using so much latin vocabulary , or even why you 're using an italian invention to convey your message ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_computer#history ) . 
  not really , i lived in the us for some time and since the beginning people did n't recognise i was a foreigner . 
  i guess my english is better than most europeans , but still . 
  there is more distinction culturally-wise between two towns in a european region within a country than between , let 's say , new england and the bible belt . 
  accomplishments . 
  creating capital and a big army is pretty easy when you have a shitton of natural resources and land in a climate that is very suitable for human development . 
  try doing the same thing without resources . 
  ... said latvia ? 
  bahahaah, 
  yeah at least i do n't have to pretend i 'm from another country in order to be able to live with myself . 
  oh but , wait , you 're actually italian cause your great grandfather had a cousin who married a woman who knew a guy who fucked an italian dog , amiright ? 
  which did n't pose any threat to any of the members of nato . 
  from your link '' the cfe treaty set equal ceilings for each bloc '' which nato did n't respect . 
   who said i was trying to talk like a normal italian ? 
  how 's third grade treating you ? 
  those apartment bombings happened during september 1999 . 
  the nato expansion i 'm referring to happened during march of the same year . 
  which is 7 months prior . 
  i 'm not advocating for putin , i 'm just justifying the russian reaction . 
  saw ? 
  you probably meant to use the word '' interpreted '' . 
  the ussr did n't sign any agreement either relatively to withdrawing from ee , it was also an expressed commitment . 
  nobody would address anybody as '' bambino '' in italian . 
  good try tho . 
  why did you answer in english ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  are n't you italian ? 
  again , you 're missing the definition of hegemon . 
   we spy on our allies because we want to protect them , obviously . 
  and more often than not , they ask us to beforehand . 
  you must be fucking kidding me right now . 
  none of the ones who were spied upon knew about it . 
  not really . 
  if you were a cultural hegemon you 'd have your own large culinary base . 
  yeah you through the centuries you were able to attract the criminals escaping justice , the poor and those who were unable to succeed in their countries . 
  we see the results . 
   our strength comes from our diversity . 
  genocide , slavery , segregation , trump , ... you 're right !, 
  you do n't have diversity , you do n't have a culture , i could literally move to the us right now and nobody would notice i 'm not murican . 
  while you can not with other countries except maybe for nz , canada and australia . 
  which btw all achieved better integration than the us . 
   but the fact that we are among the biggest consumers of these things is what makes it a strength of ours . 
  no it just means you 're lazy fucks . 
  but stupid lazy fucks 'cause your productivity per person is lower than all of western european countries , you just work more hours and that 's why you have a higher gdp . 
  it was a decision majorly sponsored by the us . 
  us officials also admitted how this was a mistake and they could not predict the detrimental results of this decision . 
  what ? 
  any , i mean any , source on killing journalists and slashing media freedom before 1999 ? 
  and how are the domestic actions relative to press freedom a matter of international military confrontation ? 
  the opinions are based on facts , unless you can say why they 're wrong they are n't . 
  it does matter , the us expressed such commitment . 
  the ussr did n't sign a deal with america about the withdrawal from ee , but they announced they will in a un speech . 
  so a major nato expansion started 9 and 16 years in advance of two military combats ? 
  wow the muricans can see into the future !, 
  what 's wrong with the source ? 
  it is based on factual sources . 
  since you 're italian i think it 's easier if we both discuss in such language . 
  https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/united-states/2014-10-29/put-it-writing because russia repressed militarily an invasion by the islamic international brigade ( basically isis ) in a republic within russian borders ? 
  they want it ? 
  nato is the one that expanded in '99 after they promised a reduction of nato if the ussr withdrew from eastern europe . 
   america 's global hegemony so delusional . 
  having grievances against the eu is normal and healthy , it is not a perfect organisation . 
  but so is the government , but that does n't mean we must become anarchists . 
  also a lot of grievances do not regard the eu but are of more trivial , unrelated or shallow kind . 
  such as the one about immigrants , who brought much more benefits than detriment to the british people . 
  i base my opinions on knowledge and facts , i believe i 'm right until proven otherwise . 
  i absolutely know i 'm not 100 % right of course . 
  dude poland elected a far-right government , austria is about to do the same . 
  both countries are pretty much unaffected by the migrant crisis and would n't be even if the number of migrants doubled . 
  stupid people like to blame their problems on people that are from a different group than theirs .
