  i believe one of the reasons italy did n't bail out like the rest of the countries is because of german support . 
  my username is about how the roman empire heritage is still alive today even though the empire itself is n't . 
  what do you meaning '' it 's ruining our continent '' ? 
  the eu ( or at least the ecc ) is what made it flourish after thousands of years of constant wars . 
  you must be a very weak person to be terrorised by some malnourished refugees . 
  yes , but everybody else uses '' murican '' to mock them . 
  at least , i do . 
  what if we tell you poland to get the fuck out of the eu ? 
  how about that ? 
  how about we tell polish people that we have no more trade agreements and send you back to that post-soviet dystopia where you came from ? 
  because i now i totally think that is what the eu should do to every country that refuses to share the burden of the immigrants . 
  what pretty much none of the eu countries understood is that , yes , you get to have no trade barriers with some of the richest and strongest countries in the world , but you also need to take the responsibility that comes with it . 
  for the last few years polish economy has boomed , why do you think is that ? 
  because of polish genius and culture ? 
  because of russia ? 
  no , just because we accepted you ungrateful slavs in our union . 
  so shut the fuck up and be an european , not a bunch of irresponsible greedy fucks , or get the fuck out . 
  dude wtf are you talking about . 
  it is one of the basic principles of the eu that countries must help each other . 
  merkel just revived this obvious and human idea . 
  it kinda is imo , a bit like calling us citizens muricans . 
  oh god things are getting so interesting !, 
  there was a partial collapse of the russian economy when the ruble/euro went down from 0.020 in the beginning of september 2015 to 0.012 on the 30th of january . 
  you might remember that during that period thousands of russians began queuing at atms to take their money out of their banks . 
  yes it was the filthy muricans who made us sanction one of our closest economical ally , instead of waiting for a diplomatic solution , thus provoking a backlash that hurt ( and still hurts ) our fragile post-2008 economy . 
  italy was , of course , reluctant in perseverating the sanctions because italy is the third closest trade partner to russia in europe and russia is italy 's third exporter . 
  protecting what is left of our economy seems more important than making putin feel bad for annexing a russian speaking peninsula . 
  why should ukraine need weapons ? 
  so more people can get killed ? 
  so that russia can very easily counter escalate the conflict and making it last even more ? 
  let russia have eastern ukraine , if the people will rebel it will be his problem , if they wo n't it means that they are happy to be russian as they have been for the past centuries . 
  you 're partially right , today 's european union was created by some accountants in brussels . 
  but the feeling of being ( the eu has the hight gdp in the world ) the richest union of countries for the past 4000 years is shared by all the europeans . 
  we all have different identities but we made a club for celebrating always being the best at pretty much everything . 
  i do n't get your point either , i 'm saying too that arab countries would be better off abandoning that decadent religion . 
  but we need to understand that their religion is deeply entangled in their history and culture . 
  and also , paraphrasing marx , religion is the opium of the poor . 
  nah , we could all smell the krauts scent from a mile away . 
  ukraine is not european , for a thousand years it has been what could be considered as another russian region . 
  we 're doing something , and that something is sanctions , that btw crippled russian economy and broke the momentum that it had been gaining for the last 20 years . 
  if you 're referring to the fact that we did n't even consider sending troops to ukraine , that can be very easily explained : we 're not war pigs like the us . 
  hahahahahahaha an american , living in a country created from scratch a couple hundred years ago by some immigrants and criminals escaping prosecution talking about manufactured identity ? 
  no , i honestly do n't know the difference between islam and islamicism ( except for the obvious grammatical differences ) , please enlighten me and post your sources . 
  i know many muslims living in europe that support secularism . 
  what ? 
  do you really believe that '' spreading democracy '' bullshit ? 
  first of all we do n't really consider ukraine to be european , for the last thousand of years ukraine was pretty much another region of russia , this '' we are europeans too ! '', 
  feeling is something relatively new . 
  it 's not okay for any state to do that , but it 's more understandable if you do it to a neighbourhood country , to which you have a lot ties of byzantine complexity , once or twice than dozens of times to countries of which your only interest is their resources . 
  i just did n't want to make you feel like a 5 years old , but conflict within eu countries is basically impossible and it will be for at least the next century , 'cause no european country can gain , and even less retain , any advantage by fighting another country in europe . 
  the rest of your statement does n't make any sense because most of the arabic countries are also islamic . 
  yes , yes it does . 
  i ca n't see a more democratic way of deposing a dictator than people of that country killing him . 
  exact opposite of what happened in germany . 
  also , before that the king chose of arresting him , he was divestitured of his authority by the government , again , democratically . 
  but yeah , the government at the time was fascist so it was n't really democratic . 
  it 's not ? 
  it 's just trying to keep its economical ally in an old-fashioned way . 
  i wonder why do americans always have to perpetuate the stereotype of being retarded . 
  yes but the ussr did most of the job and could have done it alone it would just have taken more time , while the us alone probably could n't . 
  too bad europe is still held captive of the us . 
  fascist italy was n't defeated , we deposed mussolini , democratically . 
  to replace yous doing what exactly ? 
  as the world 's official war pig ? 
  i think it probably would anyways , after all it was the soviet union who defeated nazi germany . 
  dude , who the fuck are you to criticise someone fleeing from atrocities , famine and desolation ? 
  you know jackshit about any of those . 
  can you blame them ? 
  their country 's borders were drawn after wwi on a map by some frogs and some porridgeeaters . 
  also war is scary . 
  russia an ostile country ? 
  if we look back at the last 70 years the country who committed most war atrocities is the us . 
  and that 's also the reason why we do n't support military intervention in other countries , because it fucks up things more than they already are . 
  no one ? 
  it collapsed by itself after a couple hundreds of years of being the sick man of europe . 
  what you meant is probably that france and great britain took control of the region after wwi . 
  also , before massive us intervention the middle east was less fucked up than most of the world . 
  no we do n't . 
  hahahahaha, 
  funnily enough italian descendants born and raised in other countries can vote for italian elections . 
  luckily less than 1 % of the total votes comes from them . 
  movimento 5 stelle . 
  it 's the only '' party '' not corrupted in italy . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  i really do n't get it why does it always have to come down to russia invading ukraine when someone talks about russia . 
  it 's like if someone start talking about germany and everybody goes '' i did nazi that coming !, 
  '' , it 's simply idiotic . 
  also , i do n't know if anybody has noticed but the us has been invading and overthrowing other countries ' governments several times every decade over the past 75 years . 
  yes , yes , and russia is in europe too, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm very surprised russia and the us are ranked so high . 
  and you 're also using the money other countries put in there for internal investments , i 'm not saying that 's wrong , i 'm just saying that 's what the european fund is for . 
  also germany in the 90s was the sick man of europe and the money from countries like italy and france contributed a lot in making what germany is today . 
  edit : grammar . 
  can we please get the full ranking ? 
  hahahahaha silly turkey thinking it 's european, 
  hahahaha very '' je m ` en fiche '' woman . 
  [ terre irredente intensifies ], 
  i 'm not german . 
  yes : i 'm a horrible person , tomorrow i 'll bathe in children 's blood .
