  never tip unless you 're at a fancy place . 
  being drunk pretty much everywhere is fine , even though italy does n't have a great drinking culture . 
  honestly , we generally do n't even know you exist . 
  people are gon na mention kangaroos . 
  trust me . 
  what do you need it for ? 
  greece is clearly in a bad situation right now , but good news , it does n't have any land border in common with any eu country , meaning that they just need more airport and ship controls coming from that country . 
  incompetence of another nation ? 
  italy rescues hundreds of refugees every month , people that are escaping from war and death . 
  what should they do ? 
  shoot them down ? 
  it is a good idea , it 's just that the people that answered to it are idiots . 
  all the comments in this thread are fucking dumb . 
  national border controls ? 
  wtf dude , that 's the main great thing about the eu . 
  i could agree about more controls on the international borders tho . 
  what about southern europe ? 
  i mean , we were in the eu before and historically more entangled to the continent . 
  greece . 
  the beaches are similar and it 's warmer . 
  also there are way more discos and attractions for young people . 
  however greece right now is into ruination , and greek people are often less friendly than croatians . 
  source : i 've been several times to both countries . 
  in italy it 's something like euro 4.50 for a packet of twenty . 
  people that are scared of immigrants and the eu love them , people who are not retarded do n't like them . 
  marron glac\u00e9 !, 
  no , i also mean buying frozen or pre-cooked food . 
  i believe it is . 
  then please explain your absurd obesity rate . 
  well , if you compare to all the families in any mediterranean country and all the families in england then it 's simply true . 
  yeah but i 'm sorry to break this for you , but pasta with meatballs is not italian . 
  it 's more about the way you eat food , almost you guys eat a lot of already made food or junk food . 
  generally you do n't cook that often . 
  it 's not good . 
  we hate it this much . 
  * this, 
  true but i believe english people should avoid talking about food . 
  first of all , the italian food you eat in the us is utterly disgusting for us . 
  we just ca n't help . 
  second , we usually eat one pastry and drink a coffee in the morning , my family usually eats pasta ( tagliatelle/tortellini/spaghetti , ... ) for lunch and meat/fish with a side of vegetables for dinner . 
  it depends in what part of france you 're going . 
  honestly , it looks kinda bad , but i 've seen worse . 
  lasagne , tagliatelle alla bolognese , squaquerone , tigelle , cotoletta alla bolognese , gran fritto misto , pignoletto ( even though it 's a wine ) , tortellini , crescentine and mortadella are originally from there . 
  and this is just what i can think about now . 
  yes , other cities might have some other famous dishes , but we have the highest concentration , even though we are a small city . 
  furthermore , if you can definitely say that the whole region is the capital of food . 
  i have bought one last year for about 200 euro . 
  go to bologna , it 's not far from parma and it 's the capital of food of the country . 
  definitely , spain is one of the countries in europe where it snows the most, 
  i do n't think anybody would treat him differently because of his ancestors religion . 
  not really , the swastikas were probably an idiotic/ignorant reaction to the atrocities recently committed by israel . 
  it 's a ` right , depends on where you are . 
  dude , it 's germany . 
  no worries . 
  i do n't have time to do that right now but price controls are something normal and every country does that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  pretty much every country does that , mostly on basic foodstuffs . 
  i noticed myself when i went to the grocery store and my german friends confirmed . 
  internet !, 
  yes that 's the place !, 
  thank you very much , how did you recognise it ? 
  to the sublime galvani as a sign of loving admiration and sincere esteem then a word that looks like '' vienna '' , but i can not it read clearly , 19/1/05 and it 's signed by p. palombo . 
  i have to admit that swedish literature sounds quite interesting . 
  just every day chitchat . 
  i think it 's because many of our words end with vowels . 
  i 'm talking more about the food that you buy in the supermarket . 
  but anyways if you get a local dish and a beer usually 16-20 euro . 
  fast-food in europe is either kebab ( good kebab is turkish , bad kebab is either moroccan o or pakistani ) or pizza ( good pizza is italian , bad pizza is pizza from any other country ) and they roughly cost about 2-5 euro a kebab and 1.50 a slice of pizza , 6 euro a full pizza . 
  i know what you mean , that 's why we make money by selling water to them . 
  because there are beautiful things everywhere and they 're free , people have been living in this continent for thousands of years , you can find works of art so beautiful , old and rare that in america you would open a gigantic museum just for that , even in little and unknown villages . 
  you can buy and eat high quality food for very cheap prices ( we pay taxes so that food is cheap for everybody ) , especially in france and italy . 
  but gasoline and houses are much more expensive , especially if you live inside the historic part of the city , however most countries have an excellent public transport systems , in italy for instance there are so many different buses that you can literally get a bus in front of your house and not have to get down until you reach your friends house that live in another city . 
  i know what i 'm talking about because i lived for a lot of time both in europe and america . 
  come on , that one that is also depicted on your currency !, 
  what about the story about that guy nils that rides gooses and fucks bitches ? 
  sure , the name of the book itself says why it fascinating/noteworthy : it means '' family lexicon '' , and that 's a peculiarity of italian culture , every family has it 's own , what we may call '' silly vocabulary '' that every family has where there are words that are known only by that family or that exist , but have a different meaning outside the family . 
  it talks also about the writer 's family before , during and after wwii , but it does n't just linger on the war , it focuses on the ways that the single characters react to this event . 
  it is also the story of a sort of '' average italian family '' , and i found that many things were the same both in mine and in the author 's one . 
  ( forgive my english ), 
  it way cheaper in germany , i 've been to bavaria several times and the state makes the prices lower for all kinds of food . 
  italian alps . 
  i suggest cortina d'ampezzo ( many parties , discos , swedish girls and the best skying tracks i 've ever been to ) then belluno and moena because they 're cute . 
  in february all the '' hot '' places like south of italy/spain/greece are empty , and most of the people that are there in that period are not there to party but just because they live there . 
  you should actually visit bologna ( if you take the fast train frecciarossa is the next stop after firenze ) and then go to vienna , because you must go to vienna it does n't have much night life ( although in this period it might actually have more ) but it is the most beautiful city in the world . 
  europe is the best place to live in the world . 
  even if you do n't have much money . 
  but you ca n't read it in a translated version or otherwise it does n't make sense . 
  boston . 
  dude , cazzata , you can find eagles and fasci statues everywhere , just think about milan central station , it was built by mussolini . 
  well , both countries still have n't totally got over that time . 
  for instance very often in germany when they want to be funny ( like in films , books , ... ) they still use the hitler card . 
  in italy on the other hand many young guys love fascism and they take pictures doing the salute , have fascist objects in their houses , and beat the shit out of immigrants . 
  that 's because actually fascism in italy was very violent , but it also did some very good stuff , and we did n't have the race thing like in germany . 
  yeah , and both me and a friend of mine who 's swedish agree that italian and swedish often sound very similar . 
  it 's not just used in arguments . 
  it 's used mostly when we ca n't hear each other ( if we are far from each other , but we can still see each other ) , or when you want to insult somebody driving like an asshole . 
  also if have to keep it quiet . 
  it 's actually very useful . 
  but you know , saying '' have a good day '' is so common in languages like french ( bonjour ) and italian ( buongiorno ) that it is a synonym for '' hello '' . 
  you say that even if you hate the person you 're talking to .
