   define `` highest '' . 
  because its net migration rate is on 51st place in the world , surpassed by countries such as zimbabwe , jordan , south sudan , and brunei !, 
  they have a very high % of immigrants relative to the total population . 
  even higher than italy , which is one of the richest countries in the world and part of the g8 . 
  not being able to wipe your ass because of basic good shortages is worse . 
  exactly . 
   gdp does n't always correlate with education level and political knowledge but it mostly does . 
  it 's one instance against 44 . 
   currently it 's still looking bad for them economically as an economic student i 'd say that a nation that can still manage to grow while being on opposite ends with the world 's two largest economic blocks and while being at war is a very resilient one . 
   especially with their population decreasing however russia has one of the highest rates of immigration , meaning it 's very attractive . 
   however their education has always been good enough for a democratic system to work . 
  oh yes , their political history definitely points to this conclusion . 
  we tried doing that . 
  people did n't like the remake :(, 
  we have the fastest trains in the western world , is that close enough ? 
  they actually have a very low gdp per capita and high gini coefficient . 
  and this after their economy grew by more than 80 % in the last decade or so . 
  they 're not really the most developed country . 
  well it is not that simple . 
  some societies work better with a strong leadership and less rights for the people . 
  who are we , europeans , to judge when we had monarchies for a thousand years ? 
  i know it 's not a happy fact , but people in many countries are not educated enough to decide who their leaders should be . 
  we did . 
  you 're welcome . 
  yes , only because of concrete . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'd say mostly because we brought the continent hundreds years into the future through a much higher technological level in military , architecture , etc. . . 
  pfff we have that every day during winter and fall in the po valley . 
  do n't be silly germany , we all know what [ your country look like on a map ] ( http://francemap.facts.co/francemapof/franceblankmap.png ) !, 
  looking at how many venetian vs austrian buildings there are i 'd say you guys did a sloppy job . 
   most of them are just generali buildings bahahahahah i mean the ancient ones . 
   remind me again when the serenissima ruled trieste ? 
  from 1283 until 1382 . 
  the goritians were mere vassals . 
  also , a part of the city ( prosecco ) has always been venetian . 
  fuck man all the buildings that have a winged lion on it were built by the serenissima . 
  not mentioning what the romans did . 
  if it was n't for us all the dalmatian coast would look like the inland of the balkans . 
  for what ? 
  for keeping what we built clean before we kicked your ass ? 
  they 're not ` cjalsons ' , they 're cazunziei !, 
   nuking another country seems inconceivable to the western nations japan , 1945 . 
  yes in fact all of europe is occupied by governments they voted for . 
  also , look at all the protests in crimea , there 's just so many , the people must suffer so much under the russian administration . 
  of course we do n't mean you bulgaria , not even hungary or romania . 
  i mean , it would if it was an occupation . 
  okay tell me now why china 's and russia 's military are so much shittier than the us 's ? 
  russia has much more natural resources and a china people . 
  i 'll tell you why , because a lot of oil and a billion unarmed people do n't kill as many people as a f35 . 
  huh lichtenstein 's gdp ppp per capita is larger than germany 's maybe . 
  but not the total amount . 
  also the total economic mass is important when analysing a country 's geopolitical position for it shows how many weapons/tanks/planes , etc. . . it could produce during wartime . 
  i blame it on the eastern europeans , they have such ptsds from the ussr that they can not see outside their russophobe anteroom . 
  our main threat is the us ' foreign influence . 
  they 're the ones that have not changed since the cold war . 
   lichtenstain has a gdp ppp twice the size of germany oh god , read a book . 
   russia has a gdp lower than italy what are you implying here fella ? 
  also , they have the world 's second strongest military . 
   the eu mutual defence clause is only relevant if a member country is attacked on its territory . 
  as history often likes to remind us in war things can get out of hand pretty easily . 
   it 's also extremely unlikely that they will use that brigade to fight against russia . 
  what is it for then ? 
  helping the ukrainians in case belarus attacks them ? 
  oh fantastic , so if now putin keeps expanding in ukraine the whole eu is gon na be dragged into a military conflict with the country with the largest number of nuclear warheads . 
  goood job guys . 
  you mean '' muuu '' ? 
  who gives a shit , if it was n't for america we would n't speak it more than we speak french or russian . 
  yeah but are you using the phoenician alphabet or the latin one ? 
  no i 'm speaking english because this is a english-based forum . 
  also , if i speak english is because of american influence , not british . 
  cool , thanks for sharing !, 
  mexico city , a friend of mine is from there . 
  then we 're gon na do a road trip around the country . 
  of course not . 
  but nobody else does . 
  uk , france , and italy 's . 
  yeah but it 's not like they go around with a sign hanging from their necks . 
  just curious cuz i 'm going there this summer . 
  i 'm not . 
  geography is . 
  our governments . 
  bridges . 
   there are english restaurants and bars all over the world bahahahaah i 'm out, 
  yeah ... 
  is n't northern mexico incredibly dangerous due to it being close to the american border ? 
  said the idiot while using the latin alphabet and 4 words that come directly from said language . 
  also , we 're in the g8 . 
  well it 's a shitty one then because the only characteristic that pools all the members of this subreddit is that they 're reddit users . 
   well that 's like your opinion dude and the rest of the world . 
   but you 're assuming i 'm male ? 
  [ are you assuming my gender ? ], 
  yes . 
   the whole time i said , people should n't generalise , and that you 're points were subjective . 
  actually we should , human brains are not precise machines , but they 're really good at approximations . 
   food is personal preference oh yes , just look at all of those english restaurants all around the world . 
   keep holding on to the past , because that 's the only place where italy will ever be relevant bahahah you just left the eu because you think you 're still an empire . 
  give me a break . 
  well thing is we 're not in a room of climate change deniers but of random europeans . 
  it 's just that you guys try so hard to show us how retarded you are ... 
  yes .
