  one needs at least an hour a day of phoneless socialisation or you end up like those finnish people . 
  also having espresso machines at home is something pretty recent . 
  you never live alone if you 've a strong network of relationships . 
  if you 're italian that 's basically any other italian person in a 10km radius . 
  the bidet . 
  inner disgust for junk food . 
  inner disgust for american '' coffee '' or any coffee that is more water than coffee . 
  hospitality as a virtue : being a good host to anybody who is in your home , no matter if you like them or not . 
  the moka . 
  automatically moving aside when a faster car is approaching you from behind on the highway . 
  never having meals by yourself . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i believe we should accept and utilise policies from the whole political spectrum regardless of what political entity originated it . 
  it does n't matter if they 're extreme or not . 
  does the socialist idea of a basic income help the economy ? 
  if yes then let 's implement it . 
  does the capitalist policy of removing all tariffs between countries increases citizens welfare ? 
  of course , so why the fuck is trump doing the opposite . 
  apparently i 'm in the middle , slightly left leaning . 
  which makes sense in my opinion , blindly believing in a single ideology is stupid ; make use of all the instruments you have to achieve the best possible outcome . 
  to alcohol , the solution and root of all problems !, 
  do you not know how heating a house works ? 
  true , in fact we do have it built as such , but only in the part of the house we built a couple of years ago . 
  oh yeah i was joking . 
  have you considered buying one of those electric heaters ? 
  yeah but wood deteriorates much faster . 
  also no parquet will ever be as beautiful as marble . 
  pfffft german architecture . 
  no , my sentence requires a level of grammar complexity and use of congiuntivo passato that google translate can not produce . 
  it should be easy to understand for someone who speaks spanish . 
  great arguments btw huh, 
  mansions built before the 19th century masterrace . 
  yeah but what about cold floors ? 
  same . 
  except for wearing shoes in class , it would be rude not to . 
   so you get all the fame and prestige using our products for this to happen the fame and prestige have to come first : people do n't prefer something if they have n't tried it first . 
  and anyways , even if this happened it 's 0.001 % of all the gastronomic products we export ( we 're a g7 country after all , you 're not even in the g20 ) , so it does n't really have an influence on the perception of our products . 
   due to historical reasons have always gotten all the fame oh yes , we can all remember the battle of tagliatelle and the treaty of saucisson !, 
  maybe we 've gotten so famous and make so much better food because we 've been a developed civilisation and the cultural centre of the world for far longer than you have ? 
   and fight for their own stuff are you gon na impose on people to like your products ? 
   how cocky and pretentious you are chill man , have a taco . 
   i 've never met an italian as pretentious as you and an italian saying that spanish gastronomy is not in the same `` league '' as italian food . 
  i do n't even think you are italian due the answer you gave . 
  because people were trying to be kind to you ? 
  if spanish food is really as good then where are all the spanish restaurants ? 
  why are your products not as nearly as common as ours in foreign markets ? 
  same in italy . 
  i 'm referring to older people , probably this notion of punctuality wears out in time . 
  you 're not bad , but we 're on another league . 
  i mean look at the internationally recognised dishes . 
  there 's maybe one . 
  i mean , i do not doubt that it is nice food , and that is better than all of british/scandinavian/eastern european food . 
  however even one italian region has not only more traditional dishes , but that also objectively taste better and are internationally recognised as such . 
  any contestants ? 
  it 's easier to fall while climbing mountains than while crawling in the gutter . 
  they were maybe 70 years ago . 
  [ you mean the people with the highest average iq in the western world ? 
  ] ( https://iq-research.info/en/page/average-iq-by-country ) that 's a bit rich coming from those whose greatest achievement in thousands of years of human civilisation is starving to death en masse . 
  well it 's the worst shithole i 've ever seen in europe . 
  all the germans i 've ever met were always late . 
  and i 've met thousands of them . 
  i absolutely love france . 
  it 's the only place where i 'd like to spend the rest of my life except for italy . 
  mostly because it 's the only country that has a culinary level close to ours . 
  have you ever been to li\u00e8ge ? 
  you 're the nicest people i 've ever met in my life . 
  at least the northern irish i met . 
  i got pissed at a club and one of the irish i was with brought me home even though it was early in the night . 
  and i puked on him . 
  however , you do n't appear to be the brightest crayons in the box ( i 'm abiding to the topic of the thread ) . 
  you know what , i do n't even know why we began arguing in the first place . 
  trust me when i say i have no hate for slovenians , and i 'd like to apologise . 
  we 're europeans and as such we should care for each other . 
  there are so many problems already , there is no reason to create futile ones . 
  i never heard '' moroso '' used '' someone insolvent '' nor fattura as '' magic spell '' in my entire life . 
  burro means '' butter '' in italian , but '' donkey '' in spanish . 
   not even comparable seriously , even the tiny bologna , which invented the first university and gave birth to the guy who invented the radio is more relevant than slovenia . 
  you should have not destroyed yugoslavia and kept sucking their dicks , at least you could have been associated to more relevant countries . 
   you act like being seen as a boozo is something world renowned . 
  i dont crave some childish attention for my country . 
  i would quite like it , if it would stay hidden gem . 
  besides its all about growth , something grandfathers country lacks ... well yeah , your country is such a gem that nobody can be bothered to go there . 
  on the other hand we 're such a shithole that we get more tourists in a couple of months in a medium-sized city than slovenia in a year and half . 
   comparing yourself to 2 million people nation - to make you feel better ... 
  i could compare you with rome or milan ( roughly 2 millions people cities ) , or even bologna and venice and the argument would be still the same . 
   worlds sees italians as a stereotype the world sees us . 
  nobody has ever been bothered to look at slovenia other than a piece of land to add to your country . 
   italy : 11,6 slovenia : 7,6 source use recent ones maybe huh : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/slovenia/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/unemployment-rate  also most economies are growing in eu , expect italy ofc . . http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-annual-growth-rate yeah an average eu growth of almost 2 % , which is not very far from our 0.2  modern italy has as much in common with roman empire as has egypt president with ancient pharaohs ... 
  except that our language is the direct evolution of latin , our borders are the same of the old roman italic region , we eat similar food , travel the same road built by them , live in the same cities with the same names , etc. . .  sure , as much as spanish and italian are ... . 
  yes they are , we can read and understand spanish more than any other language . 
   in the last 10 years , slovenian economy grew by 15.5 even with crisis , while italian actually lowered ... 
  okay but how much has the slovenian economy grown in the past 70 years ? 
  what are the great accomplishments of the slovenian people ? 
  i 'll tell you what : nothing . 
  if slovenia never existed the world would n't even have noticed . 
  you do n't produce anything people want , you do n't have anything people want to see , you never invented anything important , the most famous slovenian person is a slut who blows a 70 years old idiot ; you 're a geographical mistake . 
  you 're a shithole . 
  yes , we might have a lot of organised crime , but at least we 're the best at it . 
  we 're in the g8 , you 're not even in the fucking g20 . 
  we shaped the world with the roman empire and then again with the renaissance , and still today everybody wants to eat like us , dress like us , and drive our cars .
