  thanks , did n't even know today was my cakeday lol, 
  so many inaccuracies, 
  tell me about it, 
  that is why we have , in italy at least , strong laws against spreading falsities . 
  which is funny considering it 's the us that has military bases on our soil . 
  are you talking about the sub ? 
  actually i think it 's the opposite . 
  many young ukrainians might think that if they ban that literature it means it has power and it is dangerous for the establishment . 
  this repression will probably push more people to the russian side . 
  that is still wrong , has n't the story of the forbidden fruit not taught you anything ? 
  fools , everybody knows that sardinians live for so long because they have sex with sheep on a regular basis . 
  yeah here comes the healthy police , let 's ban everything that is not 100 % healthy . 
  swedish freedom lol . 
  yeah , smoking in class would be so nice, 
  it was the same thing in italian unis until early 2000s . 
  miss the old days . 
  apparently we really like life . 
  weird . 
  not as much though, 
  it 's probably less common in families who were n't exposed much to the culture . 
  yeah but you guys suck at driving . 
  like really you might be able to ride a bike while eating/smoking/reading / swimming / ... but cars ? 
  but you are n't relevant enough for people to know that . 
  essaies en francais . 
  the belgians are a good substitute for frenching in case the french ceased to exist or frenching . 
  except for us apparently . 
   why do ... italians/italy : come to the netherlands ? 
  as an italian living in the nl , studying and dutch girls mostly . 
  the others are not wrong tho ... 
  but the '' stereotype '' is alive and well . 
  we do think that the english in particular do n't wash themselves and clean their houses well enough . 
  very often people , myself included , would come back from an exchange/trip and complain about these things . 
  yeah but there 's no relevant land that was n't at least once conquered by foreign powers . 
  except for san marino of course . 
  we changed it quite a bit tho . 
  ... says the guy who uses our alphabet because before we conquered your asses you guys did n't even know how to write and who uses a language that developed from ours ? 
  also , we can speak using our voice and sign language at the same time , beat that . 
  they lasted less than a hundred years and did n't really control all the land . 
  it 's not reciprocated i believe . 
  i thought we all agreed a few decades ago that prison camps are not a good solution to anything . 
  i do n't get the connection between france and the word '' civilised '' . 
  yeah and marco polo arrived in china more than 200 years prior to that , but he did n't build cities and shit . 
  sicily = / = italy . 
  the dutch established themselves in asia first , in batavia . 
  you 'll always be our favourite colony . 
  actually it can be night in south and central america while it 's night in europe . 
  http://www.solarsystemscope.com/daylightmap/ i guess the title goes to the mongols . 
  if you can even call theirs an empire . 
  they kept a big chunk of your heart tho . 
  was n't this also done throughout the whole soviet union ? 
  what 's in the video ? 
  i do n't wan na watch it . 
  really ? 
  i have to admit it 's a topic i 'm not too knowledgeable of . 
  care to explain ? 
  oh i see our countries do n't work too differently . 
  good . 
  but that would be a bold move for a government right now : the neoliberalist agenda pushes for less government involvement , just look at the current privatisation of the nhs in the uk . 
  and such an enlargement of public healthcare would certainly be very costly . 
  do you think it will actually go through ? 
  how does the eu allow for this ? 
  people should n't be scared of dying of disease or famine in europe . 
  not anymore at least . 
  both are in polish and one i can not read , is there proof of that on international media ? 
  not necessarily because if the germans sold their girls too the mafia would buy them . 
  do n't you guys have public healthcare ? 
  it looks like some stuff that can happen only in america or other poor countries . 
  have you even watched the video ? 
  it 's the locals who steal and sell girls , not the italians . 
  labour camps ? 
  what ? 
  we have n't had those in a while now, 
  iran has freedom of religion . 
  there are specific '' ass towels '' . 
  as if that was the worst thing those barbarians do . 
  french girls go to public places and to sleep without drying their hair first . 
  d\u00e9go ... 
  i really doubt it , the people in the soviet union had been selectively relocated en masse for the past century . 
  so much that when i was in russia a few months ago i could see finnish , mediterranean , and slavic looking people even in relatively remote areas . 
  who cares about where the information comes from as long as it is true ? 
  and why disregard it only because it comes from a ( allegedly nationalistic ) russian ? 
   the finno-ugric people , who mixed with slavs to a degree are in northern russia , not in finland or estonia . 
   yeah that did happen , but there was n't that much ethnic mixing going on here . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  was there some sort of segregation ? 
  estonia is small , has no natural borders , and is bordering with other slavic nations . 
  it 's pretty hard to believe there was n't mixing . 
  so they mixed . 
   and award for the most idiotic thing said today goes to u/romeneverfell !, 
  says the guy who is trying to , who knows why , prove the racial purity of its country against a thousand years of history . 
  you have n't really given any point , i still stand by mine . 
  no but as u/yasenfire said : '' again , estonians origin from finno-ugric tribes that effectively mixed with slavs , then neighbored slavic countries and finally were a part of the empire with mostly slavic population for about 200 years '' . 
  and estonia is merely a medium port , they ca n't be an ethnicity on its own . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with it , the baltics states are slavic . 
  well since 58 % of your voters ca n't ... 
  there is a nice place of tagliatelle al rag\u00f9 and a glass of spergola waiting for you outside the door !, 
  it was a bad year but most of the times we did better than most countries . 
  and we 're still in the top ten even though we 've the 23rd largest population in the world . 
  make up your mind already !,
