  oh he 'll burn enough in hell if there 's one . 
  while that 's true , that is not the only nor the main purpose of federalisation . 
  the eu army thing i guess ? 
  if we look at the american market it 's actually the opposite . 
  the high free movement of people ( due to the fact that everybody speaks english and how they do n't have any regional cultures ) makes it so companies can hire people from all over the country , making them more competitive . 
  well it is still a soft spot for you guys . 
  i always see americans bring up the topics without thinking too much about it and receiving weird stares and silence from germans . 
  but would you guys be cool with being in the same country with us ? 
  seriously , i do n't wan na be in the same country with most of my compatriots , i do n't see why you would . 
   democracy in itself does n't require representatives , or any specific kind of system , and some forms of democracy give more or less power to individual voters ... you 're thinking about direct democracy , or even anarchism . 
  '' democracy , ( from greek : '' \u03b4\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 '' ) or `` rule of the commoners '' , was originally conceived in classical greece , whereby political representatives were chosen by lot ( as in a jury ) from amongst the male citizens : rich and poor . '', 
  '' according to political scientist larry diamond , democracy consists of four key elements : ( a ) a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections ; ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life ; ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . '', 
   in much the same way that annexing a territory that does n't want you to is abhorrent , forcing your population to be subsumed into a larger country without their consent , or indeed actively against their will is simply not a recipe for anything other than disaster . 
  but nobody is forcing anybody , all the representatives from each country have to agree to take part in the federalisation . 
  if you truly do n't want that to happen just vote for people that share your views . 
   so . . should we cancel all elections ? 
  how can people , with their lack of understanding , know who would better represent them , or which party would better be able to implement policies that benefit them ? 
  if you take a very large group of people and ask everyone of them how long is a piece of wood , on average , their answers will be the actual length of the object . 
  this way is good for general approximations , but , no matter how many people you can gather , if you ask them to take a precise decision or plan they wo n't be able to . 
   this is n't a question about specific policy implementations , or economic policies , it is n't a question about treaties or geopolitics it is . 
  federalisation and the extent to which federalise has an enormous amount of implications which span different subjects : from philosophy to environmental issues . 
   it is absolutely a question that can be asked and answered by a population . 
  in your opinion . 
   and frankly it is one that has much more to do with what people want and believe in than what might benefit them most ... 
  most of the times we want things that are detrimental for the general population for selfish reasons ; the prisoner dilemma . 
   the eu ca n't federalise without consent , it would lead to massive disunity and disruption and it would lack all legitimacy . 
  talking about the difference between representative democracy and direct democracy , or the odd referendum does n't change that ... 
  yes it can ( with the approval of every government ) . 
  it started with the creation of a parliament , it further developed with the creation of a single currency , and it is in actualisation now with an european army . 
  and this has caused , as the brexit referendum showed us , disunity and lack of support only from the lowest , least educated , and poorest people . 
  that 's not what democracy is about . 
  people often get this wrong . 
  the population , thank god , does n't get to decide . 
  the people elected by them do . 
  they 're elected because people trust their judgement . 
  you ca n't expect the general population to have a wide knowledge of the geopolitical and economical situation of europe , their single countries , and the world . 
  and without that information they can not make a choice that would benefit them , they can only make a gut decision based on instinct and what the media want them to think . 
  you 'll be annexed together with the other smaller countries . 
  yeah cuz sweden represents the whole eu . 
  it 's a slow process . 
  the forthcoming generations will accept and spread eurocracy in its majestic beauty . 
  euro = / = european federalism, 
  not official ones . 
  but it is common knowledge how younger people are more pro-eu, 
  brooklyn . 
  probably because the topic does n't easily pop up in the conversation, 
  if we were to approve only the majority 's decisions then nothing good would get done . 
  but they are a majority in the younger , more educated population . 
  how to solve the brexit : step 1 : the english who voted to leave should move to the north , those who voted to stay move to the south . 
  step 2 : form two separate countries . 
  step 3 : allow for natural selection and famine to happen . 
  step 4 : take back the now uninhabited north . 
  step 5 : profit . 
  good bless yurop . 
  public ones are usually better . 
  but the best university in the country ( and i think the second best in europe for economics ) is a private one : bocconi . 
  they 're also as hard as public ones but ranked lower down . 
  they 're not expensive if compared to the american ones . 
  i really love brazil , great people and fascinating culture . 
  while the rest of latin america feels the same to me . 
  it has no appeal nor anything i can not already find in italy/brazil . 
  we had it until the fourth year . 
  which is good since i 'd rather do more maths/languages . 
  no english , for real ? 
  i took the '' scientifico '' curriculum with specialisation in english and french . 
  my classes in the senior year ( we have 5 years of high school : we 're 17/18 when we get out of the liceo , but our last ( senior ) year covers the same topics you cover in the first year of uni of a foreign country ) were : - maths ( more hours than every other subject ) ; - british literature ( in english oc ) ; - french literature ( in french ) ; - philosophy ; - int . 
  20th century history ; - italian literature ; - biology ; - physics ; - 20th century art history . 
  very nice idea !, 
  we do like your country quite a bit . 
  i think i 've never seen one from either . 
  those are extremely rare . 
  yes , there are 12 countries , it 's not rocket science . 
  there are only two major languages : spanish and portuguese , and other minorly spoken languages such as dutch , french , english , and indios languages . 
  i barely know region languages of italy , cause it 's not relevant . 
  the simple fact that you find this common knowledge not normal to know is very funny to me . 
  i was in brazil a year ago . 
  was n't confused cause i was schooled in europe . 
  ours . 
  we have tens of thousands of buildings/paintings/jewels / statues / ... better than a bloody bowl made out of stone . 
  not many . 
  but many americans confuse french/italian/spanish cities/dishes/words with italian/spanish/french cities/dishes/words , because most americans do n't have a wide education . 
  different people for different purposes , i think it 's quite rational . 
  do you like all old people or all children ? 
  you can not really generalise that much . 
  but i bet you like polite children better and old people who are not racist better . 
  depends . 
  chickswise scandinavian countries and the nl . 
  buddywise the brazilians , greeks , and some germans . 
  we just do n't like to be confused with other countries . 
  it implies that neither country is relevant . 
  it 's as if as i would say '' oh you 're american , do you have recipe for poutine ? '' . 
  also the spanish remind us of the lazy , dumb people from the south . 
  not really . 
  probably because you see more italians than tourists . 
  trashcans are always within walking distance , do n't litter . 
  most things in an average city centre are older than anything your countrymen have ever built and more valuable than one of your midwestern states , so do n't touch it . 
  if you really have to get drunk , do n't be aggressive/a vandal/noisy . 
  if while trying to say something in our language you say a spanish word , i will instantly assume you 're a stupid cunt . 
  oh c'mon , not everybody can be a french pilot . 
  a bowl ?
