  well basically you want your main trading partners to have a stable economy or your economy will go to shit too . 
  so you provide assistance when its needed in order to prevent a greater damage to your country 's current account . 
  greece seemed stable at the time , and other countries in the eu that did better during the crisis had to be bailed out several other times before . 
  as i already said greek officials lied providing accounting evidence that they were following the rules . 
  it was n't just latvia , it was the whole eastern block . 
  it used to . 
  while yes i do agree , one can not ignore such a substantial part of the population . 
  european countries by trading with it , the us by making russia weaker . 
  by '' you '' i meant '' y' all '' like they say in the us or '' yous '' like they say in ni . 
  yeah but that is what a being part of a country is about , you give up part of your freedom in order to get other benefits . 
  i meant that my comment was n't personal . 
  it 's not always about you draculix , jeez ... / s, 
  i was just referring to latvia . 
  tbh as long as it benefits 27 countries and it is only bad for one i ca n't give a damn . 
  why is it that all the baltic states people in this sub can not not talk about the ussr and victimise themselves on every occasion, 
   if that happens , do n't you think it 's messed up that the eu is bullying its members to stay in the union ? 
  every country makes sure that its regions do n't become independent and the country balkanise . 
  i do n't see why the eu should be different . 
  billions of euros will be lost and the risk for military tensions will increase . 
   shoving together countries with vastly different economical and cultural backgrounds and trying to fit them into one mold is not the way to go . 
  i do n't know dude , i can still eat my rag\u00f9 and play my football , nobody ever forced me to eat krauts and play cricket . 
  jokes aside international economic relations theory explains how countries that are geographically closer to each other tend to trade more , by trading more they become more integrated , more integration leads to the need to create supranational entities . 
   i 'm all for free trade , but the monetary union was a mistake , as seen by the euro-crisis . 
  yet the only way the eu wants to ` fix ' things is by integrating even further . 
  the euro crisis was n't created by the introduction of the euro . 
  it was created by the absence of control of the american financial market . 
  of course the euro made it harder for countries to adjust to the recession , but there are many good and bad things that come from a single currency market . 
   funnily enough , britain does n't even have the euro , so the brits were spared the `` pain '' of having to drop billions into the bottomless pit called esm . 
  it did n't work like that . 
  none of this works like that . 
   british people suffer because of their own stupidity  the eu loses an economically strong member ... and an adversary of european integration . 
  i mean this is not personal , it 's just that you created such a shitstorm out of '' muh britshness '' and '' muh jahbs '' , i kinda think a big part of the british people deserve a lesson . 
  this whole brexit thing is almost as dumb as trump in the us . 
  and anyways you guys have never been to kind to your neighbours . 
  i 'd like to remind you that the british economy was incredibly shit compared to italy 's throughout the 80s and 90s ( especially considering that it has been '' one of the permanent un security council members , a nuclear armed state and with huge foreign influence '' ) . 
  it is only recently due to an accrued political corruption , adopting the euro and the economic crisis , major investments in ee , etc. . . that the uk is doing better than us * right now * . 
  it is a simple principle , investors and financial markets hate volatility , a simple change in political leaders can lead to a decade long recession . 
  a brexit would make the uk a sterile place for doing business for years . 
  sauce : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  yes and this is one of the reasons cameron regretted summoning a referendum . 
  if a brexit happens then the eu will retaliate by basically embargoing the uk so other countries do not try to leave too . 
  if it does n't happen the uk has no more cards in its sleeve to use against eu proposals/laws , no more special treatments . 
  in both cases the uk is fucked . 
  oh no worries , she 's gon na fuck herself in a few days . 
  then we can all fuck her . 
  it probably has nothing to do with the eu but people of european descent ( i 'm not sure about the rest but italy for sure ) all over the world can get an european passport . 
  in my mind it 's just stupid , your great grandfather was italian ... so what ? 
  you do n't even speak the language , you should n't be able to officially represent my country imo . 
  yeah clever ones . 
  i really hope for the first outcome you mentioned . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_italian_inventions i 'm talking for myself here , but i guess even cities that are smaller than 2m inhabitants have created at least 3-4 inventions/discoveries that are better than melodium, 
  as if other countries did n't have violent '' fans '' . 
  berlusconi for us , cameron/farage for you , bush jr. / trump for the us , tony abbott for australia , etc. . . 
  doubt it . 
  yeah but that 's a recent shift , in the last 6 months and throughout the years before the majority was '' pro-stay '' . 
  - step 1 : have your justice system focus really hard on organised crime and corruption for a year or two ; - step 2 : let people forget about it and think things are okay now ; - step 3 : ??? 
  - step 4 : perpetual economic recession !, 
  pfff noobs , can you even call it corruption if you do n't have professional hitmen ? 
  check . 
  - bloody face pic ? 
  check . 
  - creepiness ? 
  check . 
  - public ridiculousness ? 
  check . 
  communist, 
  this is so clever !, 
  basically people who can not understand english very well will have even a harder time understanding important announcements !, 
  but most importantly , people who have to wait in the aiport for like 6 hours because of a flight delay will get even more pissed after listening to the same ditty a hundred times . 
  esti you of genius !, 
  i mean , the role of western powers in creating problems in the middle east is more of an historical fact rather than a conspiracy theory . 
  many european countries were already there, 
  pfff if you ca n't afford to waste an euro on a fellow european then get out of the union already , europoor . 
  then do n't smoke dumbass . 
  uk is the 6th for generosity . 
  yeah right , try asking a briton for a ciggy , it 's like asking them if they have a spare kidney . 
  swedes/finns : europe 's awkward kids . 
  in 2014 the us exported refined petroleum ( 7.1 % of its total exports ) , gold ( 1.4 % ) , soybeans ( 1.7 % ) , other vegetables ( about 3.8 % ) paper and other wood derivatives ( about 2 % ) , animal products ( about 2 % ) , etc. . . the us economy is based on manufacturing and services but heavily relies on natural resources . 
  much more than most oecd countries . 
  sauce : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/usa/, 
  yeah it was , still more valuable than any slovakian degree . 
  you said bye/hi twice . 
  dumbass . 
  yeah the dutch anthem sucks dicks . 
  seriously . 
  what if i burnt a flag book in international waters ? 
  or , even better , in front of the un ? 
  reread what you just said . 
  you 're saying that everyone agrees with it , which is wrong . 
  most of the academia agrees with me . 
   not being as exploited as possible does not in any way mean you do not have any . 
  italy has access to massive quantities of raw minerals and fish , just to give a few examples . 
  these are quite profitable . 
  no dude , seriously , we have very little oil , coal , iron ore , natural gas , gold , arable land , etc compared to our population ... it 's a fact , not a matter of debate . 
  fish ? 
  there is not a single major country that has fish as its top exports . 
  even if we caught as much fish as we could we would destroy the ecosystem in such a way that the next year we 'd be able to fish a small percentage than the year before , and so on until it 'd be nil . 
  we have eu sustainability quotas over fishery so that this does n't happen . 
   and yet italy is somehow up to european standards . 
  it 's not an issue of climate in the current human lifetime ( at least in developed nations ) , it 's a matter of technology , especially in italy where the climate actually helps the production of many crops and gives a rich marine environment ( thus the fishing ) .
