  the reason is simply that some crooked politicians will get more by doing that . 
  personal gain always comes first . 
  yeah , that is made out of plants . 
  there 's a reason why we eat a lot but we still have the second lowest obesity rate in europe . 
  i 've been living in england for more than a year now mate , i thank god every day i have n't had it more than once !, 
  i 'm honestly have never been more satisfied than when i ate italian or french food . 
  ... ugly and obese . 
  you mean that coronary heart disease disguised as food ? 
  agree . 
  given your situation right now you guys should n't be too happy . 
  greece and finland do n't agree with you for different reasons . 
  first time i hear someone speaking estonian ... it sounds a bit like swedish !, 
  '' trust me , i read an article on reddit yesterday ! '', 
  well of course , but by the way you phrased your sentence it sounded as if italy should n't be part of the statistic . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  we actually eat lots of different food . 
  and pasta does n't have the bad cholesterol you find in animal based products . 
  just good ol' healthy food . 
  wtf are u talking about , denmark has one of the lowest life expectancies in europe . 
  bavarian food is fat , but still great . 
  i live in the uk and i 'm not surprised . 
  i care and i do n't live in lombardia . 
  i know but it 's made by muricans for muricans . 
  i know it 's not related , but i was high watching avengers 2 and am i the only one that thought that the big piece of land taken away by an evil guy from a slavic country represents putin annexing crimea ? 
  nobody knows or cares about eastern europe , business as usual ... 
  maybe with english culture . 
  but surely not with european culture . 
  exactly , if i were to say that i share nationalsocialistic ideas publicly i 'd get my visa revoked too . 
  also , feeding christians to lions for sport . 
  insulting god is the italians favorite hobby . 
  i know right !, 
  when you were a kid you never looked at the map and asked yourself '' why is that island , so close to us , yet not ours ? '', 
  edit : grammar, 
  they used to speak italian and have italian names . 
  maybe you do n't !, 
  this barbarian must burn in hell !, 
  you disgust me . 
  boooo, 
  yeah , but even nietzsche referred to the german people as a population that differently from other states was always united by a common language . 
  of course there were some minor dialects , but still nothing compared to the italic ones . 
  actually the capital of the kingdom of italy was first turin , then florence in 1865 and finally in 1871 rome was chosen as the official capital of the kingdom . 
  this is plain stupid , because frisian villager , that did not live in a cave , could also speak german . 
  you 're not considering that all the german states/regions had the same language throughout history , while italic states had completely different languages . 
  when italy declared war to austria in wwi officers ( from the north ) could not communicate with most of the soldiers from the south . 
  also italic cultures are way more clear-cut than german ones . 
  what you 're saying it 's partially true , but considering the roman period to describe today 's italian corruption is just silly . 
  well their small states had set of rules that were way more detailed than italic ones , also their fortifications were , so to say , invasion-proof . 
  i 'm talking about the last 700 years . 
  poland . 
  france . 
  what historical period are we talking about ? 
  and what parts of germany are we talking about ? 
  man , your country experienced several years of corrupted government , but only few months of this kind of feelings . 
  yes , people tend to get annoyed buy this kind of behaviour , but eventually things go back to the way they were before , because , at least in our case , too many people are part of it . 
  germans have always been more organised . 
  this is just your opinion and some of the points you made are wrong . 
  yeah , but while germans always had a more organised government and were more rarely under foreign control . 
  this is due to the fact that their fortified settlements where very hard to conquer and generally germany throughout history never had as many natural and human resources as the italian peninsula , making it less appealing . 
  you 're wrong , it actually is . 
  and there 's an historical reason behind it . 
  let 's look at criminal organisations such as mafia for example . 
  during the spanish occupation very little governmental control was given to the south , meaning that simple amenities such as police where absent . 
  to keep a certain form of tranquillity for the average joe this form of criminal government was created , with all the characteristics of a real state . 
  just look at the '' pizzo '' , it 's nothing more than a tax . 
  my point is , going against the government is rooted in southerners ' culture and corruption is a symptom of this . 
  i could cite hundreds of cases like this that support this idea . 
  it 's not really corruption , but it 's the same mentality . 
  cheating during tests , not printing a receipt , avoid paying taxes , not paying for a train/bus ticket , driving recklessly , ... 
  wait a second , i 've never heard in my whole life an italian talking about lizard politicians . 
  that 's a purely american conspiracy theory . 
  the second part is bullshit . 
  ave roma . 
  bologna terrorist attack . 
  the thing is , corruption is deeply rooted in italian people . 
  especially southerners . 
  it 's actually funny talking to italian people about this issue because while they refer to politicians as corrupted scum , they themselves do not apply their words to even simple real life situations if it 's beneficial for them . 
  our people 's culture developed in small independent states , there was never before a single strong and united government , like in france , so we always had to take care of ourselves and our families first , and never care much about the community itself . 
  what ? 
  no the closeness between germany and france has been fostered since the steel and coal pact to evitate war . 
  what he said !, 
  the roman empire is back . 
  my father saw him once in a restaurant in imola . 
  so he went to talk to him and he said something like '' my son and i are big fans and ... '' and jeremy interrupts him by pointing at his mouth in a very impolite way and makes a sound like '' mmmh '' to inform him he was eating . 
  my father just said '' go fuck yourself , you asshole '' and left . 
  tl ; dr my dad told jeremy clarkson to go fuck himself . 
  now you have my attention . 
  oh germoney !, 
  always trying to grab land, 
  yeah because china is poor ? 
  you seem like a very deep and reasonable person . 
  i 'm not gon na start a discussion about if and how america is shit . 
  i 'm just gon na say that it 's deeply rooted in human nature to preserve our cultural diversity and go against the strongest . 
  i already did . 
  now they want to be independent . 
  you know , american money . 
  the thing that makes russians and many people around the world appreciate russia so much is the fact that it is one of the few last bastions against american influence . 
  and i ca n't criticise that . 
  we all know perfectly we 're not a perfect union , the criticism itself is not what we should worry about rather than the message of that criticism . 
  also i think it 's perfectly right to protest against american influence in europe .
