  i guess he was arguing on whether estonia is even a country . 
  which it obviously is n't . 
  we already have a sparsely populated desert : spain . 
  well , here we go again ... [ * bell ` abissina starts playing in background * ], 
  since i got many upvotes i guess yes . 
  no but seriously , the mexicans are not famous their women . 
  the food is great tho . 
  if you 've something of value to add yes , if not move on . 
  empathy for those who suffer indirectly because of our actions is though . 
   unfortunately you do , so i 'm sorry if some brit stole your significant other when they did a bit of travelling . 
  could n't blame them to be honest because you seem boring mate i 'm not saying you 're terrible people , you 're some of the most polite people i 've ever met among other things . 
  just your women are ugly and your food cancer . 
  you 're a big boy you should be able to cope with criticism . 
   you must 've used it because you like to try and shit on other people , because you could n't even amount to a ` pile ' of shit . 
   also rome did fall but what it did never will . 
  it 's just banter lad . 
  banter which happens to be 100 % true . 
  indeed , and this pluralism of women is ugly as shit . 
  beauty is subjective but a pile of shit is a pile of shit . 
  and he 'd be right . 
  have you seen every drop of water ? 
  how can you say all water is wet you dry bastard !, 
  the british one is not a race . 
  and it 's not our fault if in several hundred years of civilisation you could n't develop food that does n't taste like death . 
  also stop fucking ugly and fat women or they 'll never disappear . 
  you can cross our borders whenever you want , 
  if sharing european core values is being a far left hippie then pass me that reefer and let 's ball , flower child . 
  yes but at the same time we need the other countries in order to be large enough to impose our will on others . 
  maybe we could have first a military union of the original members ( without the need for approval from the whole eu ) and then other countries will join in for fear of being too weak . 
   my favorite candidate for french election want that , he 's not likely to be elected tho . 
  macron ? 
  i know right . 
  we should say adieu to to nato and join our armies . 
  we also recently bought like 70 attack jets from the us . 
  it 's basically an implicit tax so that they can protect us . 
  she looks like she 's gon na murder your pets . 
  good luck getting you pretty boats to the bolognese free state . 
  working . 
  or masturbating . 
  all of which the german government is n't doing huh ? 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  oh fuck off please . 
  well it 's certainly something you can abuse , it 's toxic if you can not control yourself . 
  i can totally see medieval teens living in a small town with nothing to do jerking off 24/7 . 
  the church simply tried to limit these things . 
  [ also relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8ioog-paxq ) . 
  oh fuck off please . 
  it was actually several tens of thousands . 
  can someone make this map once again ? 
   it 's not the period of time with the lowest number of terrorist attacks  we 're seeing the highest levels since 1992 first of all http://www.datagraver.com/thumbs/1300x1300r/2016-07/we-terrorism-1970-2015final.png  it 's above your little italian head i 'm done , peace . 
   there will always be people that are easily manipulated . 
  it 's hard-coded into some people . 
  yes , yes , i totally agree with you , but it does n't have to be the majority . 
  i refuse to believe it , i have too much trust in humanity . 
  italy is one clear example , we 're the only country in europe where a far-right party was n't able gain more than 5-10 % of the votes at the last elections . 
  even though we 're one of the most affected by the refugee crisis and the economic crisis . 
   why are you so quick to assume that any punitive measure against a nuclear power will escalate to nuclear war ? 
  i really doubt it will . 
  but remember we really believed the great war was the war to end all wars . 
   no , just somebody who got stalked by a maniac . 
  obviously she wo n't get murdered , she should worry about getting struck by the lighting instead . 
  you said it 's a maniac , it 's obviously a more urgent threat . 
   it affects the friends , family , co workers , neighbours , children and so many others of the victims . 
  which are still 30 ' 000 people at best ( given 175 victims in 2015 and applying a basic exponential personal ties model ) so it 's 0.006 % relative to the total population . 
  it 's human lives , but statistically speaking , nothing really . 
   you think they twisted their ankle ? 
  these are people who probably got no hearing , who is missing limbs , maybe are paralysed , who are filled with metal scraps in their body who they ca n't get out , people with ptsd , maybe blind people and much more . 
  oh c'mon cut the bullshit already . 
   if a young girl walks through some dark alley , i wo n't blame her if cancer is n't the things that makes her bones rattle . 
  but we 're not walking in some dark alley , we 're at home sitting in literally the safest house in the world ( the eu countries have the lowest murder rate in the world , even after accounting for terrorist attacks ) . 
  it 's also the period of time with the lowest number of terrorist attacks in europe since wwii . 
   there will always be people more susceptible to manipulation than others . 
  and that 's why it 's our duty to promote discussion and celebrate factual information . 
  we do n't want to apply long-term solutions to short-term problems . 
   it 's easier to take punitive action against another state or organization than to convince millions of people why and how they 're being misled . 
  easy solutions create more problems . 
  i 'd rather stay as far as we can from nuclear war as i can . 
  in order to do a cross-sectional analysis you do need to gauge different sections of the population separately in order to achieve a more realistic randomised sample . 
  this is feasible mostly because we already know how population ( and not just sample ) indicators ( mostly national censuses ) are distributed . 
  i studied statistics for three years and majored in econometrics . 
   because she got stalked by some maniac i 'm not blaming actual victims . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   it 's about a foreign group forces down the absolute worst parts of war down civilians throat in the safest places on earth which affects so little people it 's basically as if it did n't happen . 
   if i ever got into contact with a venoumous snake that 's the point , you have n't been bitten , you only know there is a snake somewhere . 
  in a 50km radius . 
  go ahead , cry for help , but do n't get mad if i call you stupid . 
  it would be incredibly hard to crunch statistics from a 500 million continent asked in different languages if everybody could answer however it pleases them . 
  are you alright mate ? 
  certainly not for those in maastricht . 
  not my kind of humour . 
  it was everywhere on the eu bodies pages , i thought a fair amount of people saw it . 
  also i could n't be bothered . 
   it 's something that have a scarier effect on peoples life but it should n't . 
  it 's like when everybody was scared of flying in a plane , until it became a known fact how unlikely that is . 
  sharks are fucking scary , but as long as i know that it is virtually impossible for me to be attacked by one i will swim peacefully . 
  or at least not check it as the greatest threat on a eu survey . 
  or global warming . 
  there were actually more than 10 options . 
  but this does n't make sense , far-right parties gain momentum if people are afraid of terrorist attacks regardless of these happen or not . 
  still , not really something we should be worried about .
