  and '' the cia also funded the centre-right political parties and was accused of publishing forged letters in order to discredit the leaders of the pci . 
  the pci itself was accused of being funded by moscow and the cominform , and in particular via export deals to the communist countries '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/years_of_lead_ ( italy ), 
  because the cia decided so . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_agencies_of_the_united_states_government for you maybe , but for the rest of the world ? 
  not at all . 
  i doubt we are in any such serious situation where italy does not have sufficient capabilities to guarantee safety for its citizens . 
  we were during the years of lead , but the cia did n't help much did they ? 
  supposedly the us provides us with military security in case of a large scale war , and that comes with some costs such as allowing them to use our territory for their crimes against humanity . 
  but this was never our choice . 
  because europe lost wwii . 
  i have strong opinions that differ from the average western person even though i have no direct stake nor relation with russia . 
  so , no . 
  actually the cia has absolute independence from the us government . 
  also then if geopolitics are messy and the world is not friendly why do most ee have so much hate for russia ? 
  because we lost wwii and they won it mostly . 
  yeah i mean the cia is not known for toppling democratic governments and installing dictatorships . 
  i 'd love to have them around more often . 
  you must have very bad relationships . 
  i also noticed that , but if the queen would have said something similar would it be accepted ? 
  i 'm all for the uk staying in the eu , but , would n't this be a foreign head of state directly interfering with the domestic policies of britain ? 
  like this is something that is usually not tolerated afaik . 
  yeah renzi was indeed an unelected mysterious guy , but we replaced him ... oh wait !, 
  wow you 're suspicion on their board being '' shady '' must be a very strong indicator that they 're up to no good . 
  those were single mayors that went rogue , which is oc out of the movement 's control . 
  also they 're already close to being sacked , which is not something other parties would do . 
  yes in fact they showed it multiple times by expelling right away everybody who turned out to be corrupted and by reducing drastically their salary . 
  if you 're referring to virginia raggi she was a lawyer and worked in politics for several years . 
  but overall last time i checked the m5s was not just the party that had the most mps with an academic background in the italian parliament , but also the second in the european parliament . 
  well by simply not spending public money to finance criminal organisations , corporations and themselves they 're already more useful than the preexisting parties . 
   like everywhere else in italy , rome is up to its neck in corruption . 
   they are purely a populist movement obsessed with `` honesty '' yeah because in italy after almost a century of monthly major corruption cases we absolutely do n't need honest and clean politicians . 
  great mentality , keep voting the same parties and people that destroyed our country and carry on . 
  https://scholar.google.nl/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=neoliberalism&amp;btng=&amp;as_sdt=1%2c5&amp;as_sdtp= http://admin.nber.org/custom?client=test3_fe&amp;proxystylesheet=test3_fe&amp;site=default_collection&amp;btng=search&amp;entqr=0&amp;ud=1&amp;output=xml_no_dtd&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=neoliberalism i dunno maybe you just suck at typing words and pressing search . 
   now , you can do this for a few years ... you get country-specific specialisation that is what comes from economic integration between states . 
  in order to finance r&d a firm must be able to make profit for some years . 
  which is not possible if your firm is not able to sell its products . 
  so inflation is good for exporting firms that are not faring well at the time so that they continue being '' alive '' and it is even better for exporting firms which now are making enough profit to finance other rnd projects . 
  not really , liberalism advocates for government public services that allow society to thrive , and the privatisation of everything else . 
  neo-liberalism is more ruthless : everything must go . 
   it 's usually used like `` trickle-down '' or the way the american right uses `` socialism '' : a catch-all term for policies someone does n't agree with hahahaha wtf . 
  as if there were n't hundreds of different academic papers on this subject . 
  it is also in the long run if it gets us out quickly of a recession . 
   i 'm ... speechless do n't speak then  the party itself does n't govern cities , their delegates do no shit ( even though every party has a high degree of power over its delegates ) . 
  it is you that said '' ... a party whose only two mayors in decently sized cities are at risk of being expelled is not faring well '' . 
  and that 's why i said that the mayors do not represent the party as a whole but only themselves . 
  get your ideas together . 
  the party does n't have troubles governing those cities , the mayors are the ones that went rogue and became corrupted . 
  this does not show weaknesses in the party but just a problem with those two people who were elected . 
  again , i do n't see the m5s doing badly on national level . 
  except those dumbass things they supported like the referendum on the oil extraction in the mediterranean and getting out of the euro . 
  again , not really , a party that stays true to its values gets , or at least it should , more support . 
  could you stop playing the pronoun game and tell me which cities and why they were being `` tested '' . 
  nah it means privatization of public services in order to maximize the public welfare and reduce government spending . 
  which was never advocated by keynes , he actually wanted to increase public spending by a lot , during recessions at least . 
  so there 's indeed a difference within a liberal and neoliberal rethoric at least from an economic perspective . 
  i mean i 'd rather have a party that expels its members if they 're corrupt rather than one , such as the pd , that keeps them on board and even push them forward in their political career . 
  hahaha what, 
  the lega nord was founded in 1991 and i could cite hundreds of articles of how their mayors stole and wasted money . 
  actually we 've been paying interest rates regularly even during the crisis . 
  which is a lot of money so we have i think the highest tax rates in the world . 
  but , still , we never needed to be bailed out like the other piigs and our debt is under control . 
  no that 's the opposite of keynesian , he advocated for the absence of a minimum wage so that firms could adapt faster to crises . 
  they 're relatively socialist . 
  on being '' dramatically unprepared and unexperienced '' , they actually achieved a lot in most town they were elected , bringing forward innovative projects and going from budget deficits to budget surpluses . 
  yeah they still made some mistakes but it is more than understandable from a party that was born less than a decade ago . 
  i just proved you wrong , you should . 
  '' the world 's smallest mechanical camera '' and the '' the invention of nitrate fertilizers '' . 
  wow i 'm impressed , i mean my home town , bologna , is 1/5 of latvia and it only invented a thing called '' university '' and a thing called '' radio '' . 
  also great achievements in arts and culture with those '' latvian folksongs '' and the famous '' latvian song festivals '' , i guess that the bolognese '' il guericno '' and '' carracci '' can not compete with that . 
  it 's more of a fact . 
  i did n't want to be too direct , but , yeah , i 'm sure than any italian city that now has more than 100 ' 000 people has achieved more than latvia ever has . 
   which the people of europe do n't want are you the '' people of europe '' ? 
  yes because you live in a country that has a human development similar to ours ( economically-wise ) so you do n't need one , but , say , a south american would want to obtain one . 
  actually when i was living the us people would often come up to me and say that they were italian/german/irish / ... while in reality their great grandfather was half italian . 
   because the eu should not have a more final say than the people who live inside a nation . 
  it is , or should be , a group of independent countries working together voluntarily . 
  right now it 's turning into an undemocratic ( or did you vote for juncker ? ), 
  monster . 
  junker was elected by people elected by us . 
  tbh i 'm not that much of a fan of pure democracy , people are stupid and uninformed , they can not make complex decisions . 
  regarding leaving the eu , yeah it should be voluntary and it is , nobody will forbid britain from leaving , but at the same time the eu must preserve itself for the benefit of its members . 
   besides food and language , fiscal discipline and political systems are also a big part of it . 
  some countries have a nanny state , others governments are less involved . 
  some countries have a relatively large ( and thus untaxed ) shadow economy . 
  there is n't a one-size-fits-all solution here . 
  yes in fact the eu does n't regulate everything . 
   ... the first bump in the road showed all the structural errors the monetary union has . 
  it is the biggest crisis of the past century . 
  i 'd call it more than a '' bump in the road '' . 
   greece did not meet these criteria at any point in the years prior to being admitted to the emu and this is greece 's fault , not germany 's , not the eu 's . 
  they lied and that 's it . 
   i know historically some countries would devaluate their currency to help their economy , but this is n't possible anymore unless you want to devaluate the euro , which affects 19 countries i think you 're wandering outside your field of knowledge . 
  a devaluation is only good in the short run and if the currency is already strong . 
  a stable inflation rate on the other hand grants steady growth in the long run . 
  one of the reasons italy joined the eu for example is so that politicians could n't devaluate the currency in order to obtain public support as they did in the past . 
   a single currency market for e.g. 
  a limited set of northern european countries would 've made some sense , as their economies are more alike . 
  not really , germany 's , italy 's and france 's economies were much more integrated than , say , norway 's and finland . 
  without considering that at the time some countries in the south were richer than those in the north ( italy  uk ) . 
   explain how it does work then ?
