  they said in case there 's one we should all go there . 
  i remember someone saying that when you start seeing others as `` them '' and start categorizing then the newspapers did their job . 
  `` colposo '' means that it was not on purpose you dip, 
  yeah great idea einstein . 
  you ca n't really rebuild 50 million buildings , most of which older than anything in japan . 
  well to be fair that 's not really what happens , nor what they want to do . 
  they gauge what their voters want and think about proposals and then decide what to do , which i think it 's not bad . 
  also they have people vote on which politician they think should be appointed to what position . 
  which happens to basically every party , but it is usually constricted to party conventions . 
  yeah but that is an insignificant part of what the movement is about . 
  more than 50 % of corruption in the eu passes through italy . 
  our country has been devoured by highly organised criminality for almost two centuries . 
  the offer a clumsy , but firm , alternative that . 
  he can legally run for office . 
  but he chose not to because he has a criminal record , which you can not have if you want to be a m5s politician . 
  it 's not actually manslaughter , afaik he was driving and got into an car accident that killed two of the four people on board . 
  he was n't intoxicated . 
  yes but the dismal story told by u/matthew _ roy is not true for the majority of people . 
  i live in the north , yes , but 98 % of the people my age i know , can afford living by themselves . 
  their parents pay until they finish uni and then they get a job . 
  most parents were smart/lucky enough to save up money before having a child . 
  take also tirol on your way out !, 
  what you said . 
  what has the fed helping companies have to do with your tax rate ? 
  i ca n't speak for you , but i learned most of the basic ways of conducting life before i reached the age of 10 . 
  no wonder you do n't , that 's the same thinking the french had during wwii . 
  also you corsica never really integrated into the french society , and it it surely did n't in the first 100 years . 
  word . 
  corsican is an italian dialect , at the time it was probably a genovese dialect . 
  the proper italian language barely existed at the time . 
   he never came back here . 
  he came back several times , he was also exiled on the elba island . 
  if now france was conquered by germany would the children born a year from now be german or french ? 
  would you be german or french ? 
  while that is true , i 'd say the blame still lies in the voter side . 
  i mean no matter how good of an advertiser you are , you can not make me eat poison if i do n't want to . 
  how 's conquering their land and raping their women considered '' pro-jew '' ? 
  they also did it so they could have more leverage against the eu . 
  it was a strong political maneuver like any other . 
  if we always shift the blame from the people to the politicians , then democracy disappears . 
  okay , let 's say , if now france was to be conquered by russia , would you or your sons become suddenly russian ? 
  i agree that his later development was french , but his mind was forged by italian parents in an italian environment . 
  his point was probably that the way you 're raised by your parents and the values and traditions passed on from your ancestors that are instilled in you by your early education ( which is arguably different different between countries and ethnicities ) define you more than the piece of land you 're born in . 
  but , yeah , explained in a very racist and stupid manner . 
  oh wait a few months and he wo n't have no more gold to spend . 
  huh it 's much easier to raise the gdp of a country of 36 millions than a continent of half a billion . 
  this whole thing is ridiculous . 
  everybody is praising them for being '' the little people fighting against corporations ' , while it 's just some a small group of people ruining the interests of everybody else . 
  farmers who , btw , live on everybody 's backs due to state/european subsidies . 
  seriously , we study this in economics , if it was n't due to the government buying milk , vegetables , etc. . . and then destroying them they would have been out of business decades ago . 
  i can consider myself to be swahili , this does n't make me such . 
  how 's that the politicians ' fault ? 
  the english people made an incredibly stupid decision , there 's not really a good way to handle falling down a cliff . 
  also napoleone was born in corse when it was genovese from an italian family . 
  i mean , he did what hitler wanted to do better . 
  much better . 
  2000 years ahead . 
  the most famous french and the most famous slovenians are italian . 
  yeah but seriously , why ? 
  the was a statue was a satirical piece against franco , would n't vandalising it mean you 're pro-franco ? 
  forgive us if we do n't share your passion for intervening in domestic issues of foreign countries . 
  of course , my bad , i thought op was referring to how the economy affects the average russian citizen . 
  how come ? 
   the world still uses the dollar for reserve currency it is the most used yes , but euro is not far behind , and only because the us has the biggest economic mass , it has nothing to do with soft power . 
   and the us is far and away the largest economy giving us the most economic power the eu had a higher gdp for several years . 
  china is not far behind . 
   and culturally the us is still extremely influential if not the most influential . 
  there is more history and culture in most italian cities than in the whole us . 
   maybe the us reputation has gone down , but that 's really it . 
  yeah that 's it . 
  if governments and people do n't believe you 're taking action for a good cause nobody will follow you . 
  they 'll try to stop you if anything . 
  and that 's what soft power is all about . 
  which is twice russia 's , not 1/18 as op claims . 
  if the situation continues to be unsustainable then probably yes . 
  any informed individual does . 
  and its allies influence the us . 
  hahahaha cause you think any major economy supports the us because of aid ? 
  facts , right ... 
  any country performs worse if compared on absolute terms with the us . 
  the us created more than half of the world 's gdp in the 50s , now it 's 20 % , if there 's someone who 's * finita is the us . 
  also russia is the most obvious example of country that relies on hard power in ir . 
  and it is still in the g8 , so very far from not being important . 
  i used wiki 's data because i 'm on mobile atm , but the gdp per capita in ppp terms is 25,185 . 
  and america 's is 57,220 . 
  so a bit less than half . 
  i think the us is losing a lot of soft power now that the people have realised how much of a war pig it has been since the 70s . 
  of course it 's stupid to compare russia and the us using the same scale . 
  you need to use ppp , yeah the russians might earn 1/18th of the americans , but if they also spend 1/18th on everyday products then they 're not much poorer . 
  i think your country must be in the g8 ( or at least g20 ) in order to make this kind of statements . 
  ... says the swiss ? 
  in another video in the description of the original video . 
  tl ; dw : he answers as if she 's a retarted ranting 5 years old baby ( i wonder why ) , while she interrupts him and does n't know how to reply to his answers . 
  * neoropean union, 
  this is absolutely true and that 's why you 're getting downvoted so much . 
  unless you live in switzerland people usually can not vote directly on this kind of issues , let alone implement them . 
  anyways , i doubt the speed of the legislative branch depends on its funds . 
  for example the italian one is ( as of now ) very slow because of its great division of power . 
  which was put in place in order to prevent another fascist government . 
  word , but are n't you guys like some of the world 's biggest mc consumers ?
