  and whether if stopping them at the border can be considered a strategy . 
  meaning bringing money out of your country ? 
  second lowest obesity rate in europe baby . 
  i thought you guys actually ate croquets and chips 3 times a day actually . 
  we were talking about refugees not couples . 
  yeah , but after the war we did n't have a wall cutting our country in two separate countries for 40 years . 
  too fat and too much meat ... said by a dutch . 
  why is that retarded ? 
  dude , libia was one of our greatest economic partners outside europe , it was very far from being our decision . 
  but anyways , you 're in the eu , so if you guys want to share our wealth you also have to share our migrants . 
  a few european countries did bomb libia , and that 's where all the migrants pass through . 
  also , several european countries are bombing siria and bombed a iraq for quite a while . 
  well also because we 're living in a more morally developed and post-wwii era , generally countries stopped invaded countries and committing genocides a while ago . 
  but if you compare the civilian deaths caused by america to those in the rest of the world you 'll find out the first ones are actually much greater . 
  i do n't care if you 're american or not , i 'm just pro-coherence when judging governments actions . 
  losing two world wars and having one 's country split in half results in at least some suffering in my opinion . 
  this is becomes evident when one begin mentioning wii or east germany . 
  well , it 's 4 months old it 's pretty much brand new . 
  well they surely were n't starving before we started bombing them . 
  trai tu press battons antil it uorks, 
  still , much less people were involved . 
  your phrasing and english hurt my brain , but let me ask you something : do n't you think that our media is , at least , a little bit propagandistic ? 
  that they generally want to make you think what the government want you to think ? 
  there are a shitton of corrupt dictatorships around the world but you do n't see the us going around bombing each one of them because it would be right to do so . 
  it would be a free market if those countries were left deciding by themselves what to do what they want to do , always . 
  that 's my point . 
  by major economical actors i mean ucraine of course and it was stolen by europe and the us . 
  hahahahahaha the united stases is one of the youngest countries but also the one that has been most at war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_the_united_states . 
  probably only israel has been more at war than the us if we compare how old it is . 
  and the saddest part is , that most of them were not even their neighbours . 
  i know nowadays that nuke scaremongering is stupid , you 're the one blessing nuclear warhead development as it was a blessing from god . 
  fucking bastards , sending money to their starving relatives ... it makes me wan na run over them with my brand-new mercedes . 
  i does n't work like that . 
  and the fact that your army is the biggest in the world proves it . 
  you already took a shitton of land in the last century you do n't need more . 
  you make other countries collaborate with you by threatening them with war . 
  iraq , afghanistan , panama , libia and several south american contries did n't collaborate and they got their share of '' american influence '' . 
  not a single person was killed during the annexation of crimea . 
  how many people died just in iraq , afghanistan , panama and libia due to american foreign intervention ? 
  in a perfect free market yes , in real life no , just look at what the us did when panama , iran , libia or iraq tried to decide for themselves . 
  yeah but i do n't see nukes on the border with the us . 
  sure , i saw how '' placing nukes in cuba '' played out . 
  say that to japan . 
  every single country tries to keep it 's own power and gain more . 
  it 's like the first thing they teach you at international relations . 
  the difference is that when the us does it it 's because god decided that the mighty united states where chosen to spread democracy and save the world , when russia tries to , it 's because they 're evil monsters that only want to destroy everything that is good in the world . 
  edit : a word, 
  fair enough . 
  but the west did try to bring russia to its knees by stealing its major economical allies and by placing nukes all over its borders . 
  russia did n't create it . 
  you 're murican , you should know how much people do n't want to start an extremely destructive nuclear war over futile reasons . 
  no problem . 
  you could say the same thing of germans if we look at their recent history then . 
  edit : very interesting and well-put arguments btw, 
  i get it , but why do n't germans want to bomb the shit out of the us since they destroyed almost 90 % of cities during wii , including dresden , the venice of the north ? 
  because being mad at things dead people did not even to you is fucking dumb . 
  no , it 's a fact , just look for '' english proficiency per country '' , it 's not that hard dude . 
  i do n't need to , i have portuguese friends and i 've been to portugal . 
  saying you guys speak with little to no accent is a great overstatement . 
  i agree with phistagon 's first statement . 
  no nato member state can '' invoke '' collective self defence unless it 's directly invaded by a non-nato member . 
  and it probably would take something more than invading little estonia for a militarised reaction by nato . 
  sauce ? 
  there was no way i could know you were being ironic , especially considering that , as you said , there are so many people saying terrible things about russians . 
  i did n't reply to them because there 's no way of reasoning with such stupidity . 
  it 's actually the first time i hear such saying . 
  and it sounds stupid and racist . 
  i have a few russian friends and even if their way of doing/saying things might be a bit ungracious they 're honest , knowledgeable and trustworthy people . 
  without even considering that russia gave us such great scientific discoveries and literature that countries like estonia , poland and finland never could . 
  oh , yeah let 's destroy thousands of years of cultural heritage and million of peoples lives because its government is autocratic . 
  sounds like a very considerate idea . 
  kinda more like every single empire in history ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  because they di n't act like the west want them to ? 
  russians are great people and it 's an extremely beautiful country . 
  reacting like this makes us no better than what we are . 
  i will quote the prime minister of norway 's speech following the utoya attacks : `` we are still shocked by what has happened , but we will never give up our values . 
  our response is more democracy , more openness , and more humanity . 
  estonia is irrelevant and we would n't trade even an apple with a border guard . 
  do we live in a different europe ? 
  while we pay for their food , heating , electricity , water , clothes , ... ? 
  i think if we let them free and let them find their place in society it would more useful for the both of us . 
  well ... technically a lot of jews came to germany during wwi as refugees and they also started fighting for the empire . 
  and then they killed them . 
  but that 's a digression . 
  we are the richest and most developed group of countries in the world , we 're home of some of the richest countries and regions in the world . 
  our total gdp is higher than any country in the world , we 're literally doing better than anybody else , you must be a very greedy piece of shit to not be want to share this with people fleeing from wars we caused . 
  actually you 're wrong , we 're always going to need unskilled jobs , simply because there are things machines ca n't do . 
  my point is very well explained here : http://pubs.aeaweb.org/doi/pdfplus/10.1257/jep.29.3.3 . 
  and generally immigration tends to increase the general wealth of a country , i can not find the paper atm , but i 'll post it as soon as i do . 
  italians did in america . 
  ahahahaha of course , keep telling yourselves that , even romania and malaysia have a higher english proficiency than portugal . 
  and what do you think those guys are coming here for ? 
  you must be really dense to think they 're not wishing to work . 
  yeah , i think you got it , that 's how we 're gon na solve the immigration issue . 
  where the hell is the nobel prize committee when we need it ? 
  wtf man . 
  they 're people , not a product . 
  looking at today 's portugal you guys could be them in a few decades , emigrating to sweden and being looked upon because you 're loud , poor and do n't speak english fluently .
