  you call me a communist because you can not add anything to the conversation , just admit you were wrong and do n't have the knowledge to talk about topics of such byzantine complexity . 
  this land is for whoever is willing to make something great . 
  and traveling thousands of miles in some of the harshest conditions shows more pure willingness than making ignorants rants . 
  yes , i 'm sure your politicians did read the eu constitution and laws at least once before choosing to become a member , you can blame them , not the eu . 
  also , you do n't have to follow what older members say we should do , every country has a number of votes depending on their population . 
  yes , you 're to blame for not following the rules you agreed to follow . 
  it will depend on the means and the population of the country . 
  every country has its own problems . 
  the government could buy them a very low prices and give them to people in need ( as they already do ) . 
  now yes , but during and after the crisis we were a net receiver . 
  poland was doing fine for how long ? 
  for a decade after it was put together from pieces of russia , austria-hungary and prussia ? 
  shock therapy was successful for poland mostly because it had countries to trade with without trade barriers . 
  as an economics student i really doubt it would if poland was n't part of the eu . 
  oh , so now speaking english means that one 's a genius ? 
  then why are n't the french considered retarded since they 're 29th on the chart ? 
  ( and btw italy has the highest average iq in the western world http://www.photius.com/rankings/national_iq_scores_country_ranks.html ), 
  exactly , that makes it more suitable for uneducated immigrants . 
  also , estonians emigrated because they were offering better jobs , not because there were no jobs at all . 
  many all those people will work and pay taxes over time so that those places can provide public services . 
  i do n't know about that , would you rather be homeless and probably a criminal in a rich country or having a house and family in a poorer one ? 
  it 's a pretty straightforward logic . 
  italy never participated in any way in invading poland , we were just germany 's ally . 
  more precisely mussolini was not even aware of the pact between russia and germany . 
  well , we 're not living in the past . 
  the economy in poland is good now mostly because of us . 
  and let 's not talk about ifs , who knows , maybe poland would be even poorer without prussian cultural and scientific influence . 
  i 'm not talking about their values and principles , but about their culture . 
  well , hopefully next time we will have learned from our mistakes and be more prepared . 
  it was a joke for how easterneuropeans are shaming african immigrants for trying to move to a richer country when a shitton of poles have been moving to england since they became part of the eu . 
  check the figures yourself , google is easy to use if you know how to write . 
  if you really think immigrants get that kind of things when they get to germany ( or even generations after getting there ) then why do n't you become one ? 
  i mean i would . 
  why would that scenario scare you ? 
  that 's why you need the political unity that the eu offers . 
  everybody spies on everybody , if the soviet stole some technology from the us , america did the same and probably even to a greater extent . 
  the muslims population in my country makes up for almost 3 percent of the population , it 's like saying that every 30 people i meet one is muslim . 
  yet i do n't have any problem with muslims and if there 's something that could , is and had been destroying the younger european generation that 's the corrupted italian politicians . 
  you think they only care about that stuff because you probably only read bullshit/funny articles on reddit and buzzfeed , if you were to actually look at the proposed and passed laws ( that the eu makes easily available on the internet for free ) you can see that the things they vote for extremely important things , like funding the construction of an airport in eastern poland or banning a possible dangerous pesticide ( also the eu does n't have the power to impose the legality of gay marriage ) . 
  actually they work as pretty much any other parliament , also your parliament discusses about gay marriage and global warming . 
  i think you 're making the thing look too important , it 's not like suddenly i 'll start eating couscous instead of carbonara . 
  by an economical point of view , an influx of immigrants increase the general gdp of a country , even more if they reproduce like rabbits . 
  or maybe not , maybe the flow will soon diminish and a solution will be found ( as we always did ) and these countries will be only look at as the massive coward cunts they are . 
  probably by a few people that bought them a low price when people were emigrating . 
  probably because the government ca n't organise its housing allocation well enough . 
  i mean liverpool has a shitton of empty houses that nobody uses but they also have a certain number of homeless people . 
  no you did n't , eastern prussia was speaking german and identified themselves as prussians . 
  we are still roman descendents as the french are gallic descents . 
  we 're not fat , we 're actually the second slimmest country in europe after romania , poland on the other hand has one of the highest obesity rates in europe . 
  we have the same number of votes at the eu parliament as the uk and just a couple less than germany and france , we 're actually some of the most autonomous in the eu actually . 
  phraprasing marx : religion is the opium of the poor and the ignorants . 
  there 's a reason why all the younger european generations are either agnostic or atheist . 
  we 've been a flourishing society , with our ups and downs of course , for the last 3 thousands years , of course some muslims do n't scare us . 
  that 's because your countries were already corrupted and our money just made the phenomenon increase in scale . 
  the eu is passing through terrible times , but you do n't shoot your mom in the face because she stopped breastfeeding you . 
  no they simply should respect the laws they agreed on when they joined the eu and also respect the laws that were voted also by them democratically in the eu parliament . 
  the eu is not forcing anything to do anything , you guys chose to become part of our union , you agreed on respecting the laws , you guys probably also voted for the laws that say that european countries should share equally whatever number of immigrants come to europe . 
  countries chickening out like this only deserve misery and shame . 
  how do they know , they probably do n't even know where sweden or were poland are . 
  that was more of an idea that never actually happened . 
  first of all the vatican state has been a cancer that did n't let our country unify for centuries . 
  second , we already have been invaded once or twice by some barbarians from the north , i 'm sure some from the south wo n't kill us . 
  what do you mean '' your ancient values '' your county is half prussian and half slavic , your values , that maybe go back a very few hundreds of years ago , got destroyed while you were being basically a colony or germany or russia or austria-hungary or whoever was owning your land . 
  yes , it was great until all those barely european countries joined in , maybe them leaving and letting them crumble back to that post-soviet dystopia they came from will fix things ? 
  who knows . 
  yes because most of them would surely die if we did and because we do n't have the jurisdiction stepping on someone else 's land , we 're not the us . 
  i do n't doubt that some will , but with if organised in the right way i 'm still sure that the majority wo n't . 
  they leave greece or hungary because there are n't even jobs for people that were born there . 
  am i a communist ? 
  poles have some experience with commies , i think , do you remember reading communists trying to save lives just because they thought it was the right thing to do ? 
  i 'm totally okay with poland leaving the eu , i never considered it much european anyways . 
  but do you think they should have helped those people they had nothing to do with ? 
  ( anyways , france and the uk did declare war on germany when he invaded poland . 
  one reason because they attacked so late is because they were sure hitler would n't have done it . ), 
  then they have nothing in common with europe and should leave . 
  probably be fined for a few billions as well for using european trade freedom and not helping ( and respecting agreements ) when really needed . 
  since there 's been a lot of eastern europeans that moved from the east to developed european countries once their countries joined the eu ( yes all of those dirty easterneuropeans that escape poverty and live on richer countries welfare system ) , there are a lot of free unsold houses and places that can be used to host them . 
  once they realise the place is safe they wo n't risk getting arrested or dying while traveling west/north . 
  what do you mean '' at all cost '' i 'm italian and here is probably where the migrant crisis hit the hardest . 
  but i 'm here , sitting in front of my laptop , talking to some retards . 
  my life and not even the life of anybody i know is threatened by these evil monsters from another planet . 
  they send males first and then the rest of the family can legally come by plane , that 's how it works because women and children would probably die traveling . 
  oh yeah , so all of those thousands and thousands of poles who escaped to america during wwii instead of fighting are just a bunch of cowards right ? 
  i know that the immigrant crisis is bad , and that the eu should have been more organised , but that 's not an excuse for letting people die at sea . 
  i 'm okay if you want to close the european exterior land borders , but not with basically killing people . 
  i know it 's a difficult concept for people from new eu members , but that 's what the eu is all about . 
  we did n't screw ourselves , we 're just respecting a pact that was agreed by all of the members . 
  i 'm not saying that it is post-soviet countries fault , i 'm saying that they used for years the right to trade with richer and more developed countries and now they have to respect their duty . 
  as we 're already doing and always had . 
  i honestly think that countries that only want to respect the laws that suit them best should be fined , a lot . 
  dude are you like 14 or something ? 
  do you even mean what colonisation is ? 
  it looks a lot different from that . 
  actually it 's a totally different concept . 
  there are no enemies , we 're not at war with anybody . 
  i think you 're more used to being controlled and used , but call that '' fight for freedom '' if that makes you feel better about your history . 
  we do n't ferry them , we save them . 
  because they 're humans , because we 're humans ( and also because we 're respecting eu laws everybody , yes even poland , agreed on ) . 
  if you ask me why should we save these people it 's the same as why should have other countries helped poland or the czech republic while they were being annexed in wwii . 
  lending us money ?
