   just another perk of being an american . 
  together with dying 5 years younger ? 
  you 've never been to belgium have you, 
  we 'll get new york . 
  sorry dutchies , you can have new jersey . 
  so does a spoon of logic . 
  being the most developed continent since 5th century bc fuck yeah !!, 
  it 's funny to think that many americans would n't even realise it 's satire . 
  for instance , while europeans would see the images of bombings as dreadful and sickening , an american would be proud and maybe get a boner . 
  nice flag bromano . 
  you and i are the public . 
  y the tropical animals tho, 
  but attacking england only slightly , cuz fuck them right ? 
  yes yes , we cold go back to the system we implemented after the [ boxing revolution ] ( http://heiup.uni-heidelberg.de/journals/index.php/transcultural/article/viewfile/7315/2916/8983 ) . 
  check the flair brotha, 
  i 'd say the blame lies more in our hands than in those of a few people . 
   btw , i 'm as patriotic as the next disallusioned italiano dude stfu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_health_organization_ranking_of_health_systems_in_2000, 
  dude are you fucking stupid . 
  sexual education is not imposed by the federal government . 
  i was talking to a swiss , so the us has nothing to do with this . 
  what you said is bullshit and you should shut the fuck up more . 
  not everywhere . 
  yeah my bad , should 've have bent over and greased my asshole instead . 
  we actually have one the very best healthcare systems in the world . 
   america is more religious . 
  we literally have the head of the largest religion in the world within our country . 
  we have a laws that protect specifically the catholic church . 
  developed countries are currently shifting away from manufacturing economies to service economies . 
  service economies have a structural higher unemployment . 
  italy simply can not afford/doesn ' t want to employ all the people who did n't survive the shift in the public sector as scandinavian countries did . 
  fuck dude . 
  developed countries are currently shifting away from manufacturing economies to service economies . 
  service economies have a structural higher unemployment . 
  italy simply can not afford/doesn ' t want to employ all the people who did n't survive the shift in the public sector as scandinavian countries did . 
  birth rates = / = population growth . 
  i think the japanese like the koreans stay after work is over . 
  so it 's not counted . 
  you mean the highest average iq in the western world ? 
   your wage is not augmented by government spending unless there is outright subsidization of consumer goods read a microeconomic textbook . 
  if the government pays for goods or services in part or in total that you 'd have to pay for anyways you have more money for yourself . 
   unless i 'm missing something , that 's not happening in italy and does happen in the us with corn and the like . 
  the eu is the world 's largest agricultural subsidiser , but i was talking about other things . 
   getting obese or shot or hiv are almost universally not random events wut, 
   the data where the average american is 40 % more likely to have a job than you and have 80 % more income than you ? 
  i can find a ton of shitty countries where people are rich on average ( saudi arabia , qatar , uae , etc. . . ) or have a low unemployment rate ( cambodia , thailand , belarus , etc. . . ) but where people still live like shit . 
  you can not really make the same argument with all the other variables together . 
  oh god ... 
   is us healthcare cheaper than that ? 
  if so what is all the fuzz about ? 
  that 's the thing , american healthcare is much more expensive than that . 
  that was n't my point . 
  my point is that the different in wage is not as great as it appears . 
  but then if we want to talk about the likelihood of getting shot or becoming obese , getting hiv , dying when you 're young , etc. . . in the us and italy , and still say that living in the us is better that 's another story . 
   there 's many reasons why americans have more kids yeah , no shit . 
  call me crazy , but i 'd say that the lack of sexual education is a major component in this situation . 
   some of you guys think america is a third world country , and you 're being just as ignorant as the stereotypical redneck . 
  oh so you ignore all the data provided in this thread because , huh , ` muricas the best ! 11 ! ', 
  i guess , and i 'm the ignorant one . 
  i mean relative to the population . 
  the us public spending is 38.1 % of gdp , italy 's is 50.9 % ( oecd data ) . 
  and italy does n't even spend nearly as much for its military . 
  but you spend 300 % more on healthcare and still have a worse service ( italy has basically the best healthcare system in the world ) . 
  also you have less public services since the us government is smaller . 
  so you earn more but also end up paying much more . 
  it was a joke . 
  all businesses must close between 12ish and 16ish , so that people can have lunch with their families . 
  however we work and go to school on saturdays . 
  yeah but the muricans already pay a shitton of money for healthcare . 
  your teen pregnancy rates prove my point pretty well . 
  your teen pregnancy rates proves your point . 
   unemployed is very high and you do n't earn shit compared to northern europe under many measurements italian wages are higher than most developed countries . 
  this is because , yeah we pay a shitton of taxes , but we also get much more public services . 
   you ca n't rely on the police , hospitals , banks , etc we have literally the most efficient and the second best healthcare system in the world . 
  we also have one of the lowest criminality rate in the world . 
  banks are private institutions , i have no idea why you included them . 
   anyway just already economically speaking it 's pretty bleek . 
  we have much less money but we still manage to carry out a better life . 
  i think that 's pretty neat . 
  i was n't talking about the us . 
  you could make the same case with most european countries . 
  we also have regions of high criminality ( campania ) or high hiv rates ( lombardia ) . 
  how can one be more unhealthy than the muricans ? 
  are you retarded ? 
   but the quality of life would ~ ~ ( probably ) ~ ~ definitely decrease . 
  on average ... 
  americans do n't know who their mom is . 
  that 's the actual reason . 
  in italy there are no people so poor and uneducated that they do n't know how procreation works . 
  but how can you spend so much money on healthcare ? 
  how can you spend more money on healthcare and electricity than the us ? 
  things are even crazier if you compare italy and the us . 
  https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/it/us edit : we get it , also your country looks good if compared to the us . 
  i guess if you pull your dick out anything can suddenly become a dick measuring contest . 
  i 'd say culture as a whole . 
  france-italy . 
  i ca n't understand the reason for all this angers nowadays . 
  we were talking about the average american . 
  most econometrics is built using the past year 's data . 
  it takes a lot of time to gather information for an entire country . 
  this is also why central bank policy acts in delay of events .
