  also the internet showed us the many problems america has , and this certainly helped destroy that vision of the wonderland we had . 
  that 's a very precise statement , coming from an outsider . 
  other facts that make us undervaluate our power : we 've always been the weakest of the european '' big 4 '' , we 've lost every single drop of hope in our political system , france and germoney are strongly tied together , the uk is strongly tied with the us , we were strongly tied with ... lybia maybe ? 
  i remember reading that camorra alone makes more than the deutsche bank and macdonald 's put together . 
  he 's not too far off tbh, 
  prosecco is much better than champagne . 
  now fight !, 
  we got a winner !, 
  exactly . 
  it was taken for granted when discussing about its political scope a general soft power . 
  the professor did n't say otherwise and puts it on the same level as other superpowers . 
  again , who the fuck cares about richness per capital . 
  if think even someone like you that never approached the topic academically , but just rants on forums on the internet can understand the implications of having so much money ( the most ) in a single place while having to care little about defence expenditure . 
  who cares if they 're developing countries , should we not compare them to us just because of that bogus definition ? 
  well it 's not like we have much competition to the north and to the east uh ... 
  living in the nl atm , i feel you bruh ( from the opposite side ) . 
  perhaps easy blonde chicks ? 
  easy blonde chicks it is . 
  true european spirit . 
  same . 
  france is the only country i would live without having to give up eating good food on a daily basis . 
  ( incredibly beautiful girls too ), 
  we too used to think about what should have been the true croatian borders ... 
  he took it as the bitch he is . 
  that 's pretty much how berlusconi got reelected last time : some guy threw a small souvenir of the duomo at his face . 
  '' the italians believe nord stream 2 , backed by senior members of german chancellor angela merkel 's government , runs contrary to the spirit of the sanctions campaign against russia and amounts to a powerful germany putting its economic needs ahead of the bloc 's collective diplomacy . '', 
  first time the pd party does something meaningful internationally . 
  they 're moroccan and turks descents . 
  i studied international relations in the uk and in our course it was always taken as granted that the eu is a financial and political ( but not military ) superpower . 
  the eu is a single entity by definition , it has powers that are not too different in extent to the government of most federal countries . 
  i did n't refer to gdp per capita , but to total gdp . 
  and in fact the eu 's gdp is higher than the us . 
  your last comment is simply rubbish . 
  that 's too precise . 
  disqualified, 
  hahahaha what about frogs with little hats ? 
  if we consider the eu as a superpower , we 're richer than any other superpower ( us , china , india , brazil , ... ) . 
  if then you wan na consider small countries such as new zealand , singapore , the the arabic peninsula states , etc. . then we can easily consider how much richer and developed countries like austria , sweden , denmark , luxemburg , etc. . . are . 
  well at that point there will be always room to complain . 
  we need to check whether the complaints are solid or not . 
  he was getting downvoted when i commented . 
  we 're too ambitious . 
  we 're in the richest group of countries in the world . 
  we 're literally doing better than anybody in the world . 
  and all we do is complaining . 
  yeah things are not as good as in the golden years after the war , but we 're not doing bad . 
  ambition is what brought us to create fascism , we wanted to be like the british empire , we wanted to be like the roman empire once again . 
  and we were ready to take any road to get there . 
  god this is the truest comment . 
  now wonder you 're getting downvoted in r/europe . 
  you guys are lovely . 
  until now i 've only heard of the balkan disputes . 
  god i love them . 
  true that, 
  too windy , too rainy , too cold and it changes every 10 minutes . 
  i mean it 's better than the uk , but still . 
  you mean '' fake crepe '' ? 
  i 'm talking especially about northern italian cuisine . 
  tortellini , sexo y marijuana all the way . 
  hahahahaha, 
  i have to admit i eat waffles almost daily . 
  i disagree , fries with maple syrup are way better . 
  i agree it is n't that bad in limburg for instance , but if you 're close to the coast ... 
  i did try it , but it 's a very '' heavy '' dish , meaning that after a few bites you feel full . 
  i was sarcastic when i said that i ca n't cook , actually people say i 'm a great cook . 
  i thought that the '' not being able to put salt in water '' should have give it away . 
  i referred to the general level of food quality , not just local . 
  of fucking course if you buy the right ingredients and cook them well you 're gon na eat good food . 
  i 'm italian so i grew up eating better food than most people . 
  it 's not presumptuous , it 's reality . 
  no , i love mashed potatoes . 
  may god have mercy on your soul . 
  i guess you 're one of those people who like their steak well cooked . 
  i 'm from italy dude , native cuisine in the nl is either deep fried or mashed food , ca n't really hold up . 
  yeah please teach me how to cook , i recently figured out how to boil water but i ca n't understand how to put salt in the water . 
  restaurants are mostly a more expensive but worse version of other countries cuisine . 
  that said , i love the netherlands for other 1000 reasons . 
  oh i did n't get it was ironic . 
  i got used to see only racism in this sub . 
  i live in the netherlands and both the weather and the food are objectively awful . 
  ca n't really blame them can ya . 
  that 's embarrassing . 
  techniques with with the republicans get cheap votes aside , your frontrunner is donald trump . 
  beautifully put . 
  i hope so too bro, 
  thing is , ee countries are acting like republicans in the us . 
  '' mah white people , we gon ' be conquerred by islomuslims !! '', 
  and '' these ruskies a gon ' invade us soon , we need to nuke 'em all !!! '' . 
  we are actually trying to solve things diplomatically . 
  can confirm , my shoes are a 47, 
  i do n't get it , you said '' mate '' but then you went all bible belt on me . 
  yeah because the need for cheap labour is something so new and unique . 
  if there 's really a reason for accepting refugees beyond humanity and common sense , it is that europe is aging faster and faster and if we do n't want our population to shrink we need to import people like it was cattle . 
  of the 20 largest companies in the world ( by revenue ) 7 are american and 6 european , so , following your reasoning , we influence each other pretty much to the same degree . 
  but , thank god , the eu is still in control and it has been always evident how our principles and the general welfare of all citizens come first most of the time . 
  incredibly useful information . 
  people do n't consider how writing an essay about the 30 years ' war and partially deriving a function are of fundamental importance when you 're working in a factory or doing any other kind of low-skilled job . 
  no we wo n't . 
  why ? 
  because we 're not the us .
