  hahahaha, 
  history . 
  can confirm , there was a hige fence om the border with italy and policemen patroling constantly . 
  you mean eastern ? 
  oh yes definitely , but that happened later during his '' career '' , we did n't just go like '' hey that guy is rich and fucks bitches , let 's make him head of the country ! '' . 
  while renzi is turning out to be a better politician than it seemed at first , he 's part of a corrupted party . 
  which is absolutely detrimental and out of line with the italy and europe we strive for . 
  that 's why many people , myself included , are voting for movimento cinque stelle : the only party which is truly incorruptible . 
  that 's also why i really doubt he 'll resign if the referendum does n't go his way . 
  i 'm glad a foreigner knows so much about our politics :d, 
  silvio berlusconi was a truly self-made man ( and a family man lol ) when he began campaigning , he did n't have a millionaire father like trump did . 
  i do see the correlation though , since later berlusconi began talking like italian people do at bars while playing briscola . 
  which was very appealing to all those people used to boring speeches by old senile politicians . 
  i 'm not saying he 's retarded , i 'm saying he has no qualities . 
  yeah but at least boris johnson was an amazing academic , his book '' the dream of rome '' is a masterpiece of connection between ancient history and modern europe . 
  trump has absolutely no qualities whatsoever , that 's why he 's so appealing to the lowest and least educated classes . 
  yes . 
  that 's like two regions of one of the european big 4 , or a small chinese province . 
  a country area does n't define of large of a country it is , its population does . 
  and they 're all less than 8 million people . 
   you are literally saying that democracy should n't apply to cases where people would want to make their own countries no i mean your sentence does n't make sense . 
  but yeah , democracy is not perfect and should n't be applied mindlessly . 
   where would you ? 
  current nations , historical heritage , and ethnical divisions . 
   what ministates are you talking about ? 
  i do n't know of any ministates in eastern europe . 
  but if you want to know how successful actual ministates are , take a look at luxemburg , monaco or singapore , but hongkong or macau are great examples too , as well as kuwait and ( depending on what you consider a ministate ) qatar and bahrain . 
  every single country in eastern europe and the balkans is poor af . 
  those countries are rich because of liquid capital coming from bigger countries . 
  they do n't do anything to increase the world 's welfare . 
  what about el salvador , belize , paraguay , malawi , swaziland , lesotho , moldova , bhutan , ... 
   democracy does n't include people voting about what the find important , if what they find important would create countries that your ancestors did n't want to exist ? 
  wut  well towns are not exactly similar to areas with millions of people in them how ? 
  where would you subjectively draw the line ? 
   why not ? 
  city states are amazing yeah we 've seen how successful eastern european mini-states have been . 
  because i hold the same beliefs as those people . 
  no , democracy does not work like that . 
  if so then why do n't we allow for every town to vore on whether to be independent or not ? 
  why not make single individuals autonomous countries ? 
  i was referring to all countries . 
  but hundreds , whatever , you 're grasping at straws . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i do n't know about your ancestors , but mine fought to unify the country , free it from the nazis and fascists , and finally protecting it from the communist and american influence . 
  yeah there might be some problems , but seceding , as brexit and the balkans are showing us , is the easiest and most stupid way of fixing minor issues . 
  i was referring to those who died fighting for invaders abd internal enemies for thousands of years . 
  their ancestors did and they 're here because of them . 
  they can move to another country . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you make a contract with other partners , you do n't get to leave the ship whenever something goes bad . 
  if that was the case by now we would all like in city states . 
  yeah that 's some baltic-muh-communist-occupation mentality . 
  all of the regions of a country made it what it is today . 
  so if some provinces are richer than others is also because of those that are now the poorest . 
  edit . 
  translation : if the seas cross the rivers , why not your hair ( body hair ) with mine ? 
   12-15 c. summer weather ? 
  why do n't you just lock yourself in a freezer you freak, 
  it was a joke . 
  if we took our ancestry seriously . 
  you must be from dacia not to understand this . 
  so many words to say something as simple as '' something that i did n't choose nor did matter a lot to me . 
  not a racist tho '' . 
  then blm people suck a lot in doing something very simple which is choosing a fitting name for your movement . 
  oh shut up you gallic scum and lick my etruscan ass !, 
   we celebrate italian culture , food and tradition that has come over from the old country from our grandparent by cooking the shittiest , most disgusting version of that food and behaving like complete idiots ? 
  goood jahb . 
  people do n't like to hear you peeing . 
  no , there is nothing wrong . 
  but just remember two rules : first , never hit the water when you pee . 
  second , if you know it 's still gon na be heard from people outside the bathroom then sit . 
  same goes for the svedes . 
  i believe many people would want it , but the vatican state still has a strong moral influence , so it 's still illegal . 
  young people , communists and fastists hate them . 
  the rest of the population does n't really have any strong opinion . 
  personally i like them : they 're usually very chill , never violent unless strictly necessary , they tend too ignore small issues and crimes and focus on more important stuff . 
  their uniform is pretty cool , much better than those ridiculous reflective ones the british and the dutch wear . 
  that is true , but i was talking overall . 
  yeah but those countries make up like 5 % of the eu population . 
  it is a great material unless you live in an area that can be affected by strong winds , fires , etc. . . or you do n't like to replace most of your house every five years . 
  the data might be misinterpreted , probably they have more proper houses ( since these are available even in large cities in the us ) so they have more square metres on average . 
  not really , especially having so much space compared to little europe . 
  i 'm referring to the american private architecture which usually does n't involve the use of bricks . 
  and then they wonder why their houses are torn apart when there 's a little natural disaster . 
   it 's not the homogeneous utopian paradise op is looking for it is in western europe . 
  i mean it 's not utopian but it is much better than the rest of the world . 
  i lived in boston and la. 
  while la is a shithole that does n't even require to be described , boston is supposed to be one of the richest major cities in the us . 
  but people still eat precooked and fast food every day , live in small houses made out of cardboard , and the public transport system is ridiculous if compared to any major western european city . 
  bullshit , i lived both in the us and in the eu for at least a year and life is much better in europe . 
  literally everything is of better quality and public services are basically free . 
  shhh the irish has spoken . 
  which has been the european official sport for the past 3000 years . 
  btw netherlands : 3 . 
  italy : 10 + . 
  american . 
  the british found a nice way to fuck themselves in the ass no matter what they choose : if they leave the eu will retaliate in any way possible , scotland will secede , and besides , their exports and financial assets will drop so quickly that a five years recession is the least we can expect . 
  while if they choose to stay the eu will be able to impose any condition on the uk , probably even take away all those extra rights it carved for itself , thus putting britain in a way worse position than before . 
  cameron went all-in with empty hands . 
  you for real ?
