  their rhetoric is based on fear of inexistent problems , shouting and xenophobia , there 's nothing new under the sun , nothing new to understand . 
  your country 's economy is based on immigration , from europe in particular , yet you 're gon na have a brexit referendum in a month or so . 
  people can be brought to act against their self-interest for political gains . 
  anybody who decides to only listen to what makes him feel good and ignores the reality of things is an idiot . 
  shhh there 's no place for logic and empirical evidence in this sub . 
  because people are dumb and believe what they want to . 
  boom here you have it . 
  ... so we all pondered '' have we tried fascism yet ? 
  what a surprise !, 
  a far-right-wing government doing shit a far-right-wing government would do !, 
  '' logic '', 
  what ? 
  many local environmental impact become global . 
  netherland 's testicles . 
  limburg is basically german . 
  to be fair things were going pretty well until hitler decided to invade countries and destroy human races . 
  we became allies because they based their franchise on ours and we would rather not get the shit bombed out us like all the others who resisted . 
  nah mate we have a smaller population and to be fair we lack the geopolitical capabilities . 
  but we did have a higher ppp , gdp and gdp per capita than the uk between the 70s and 80s . 
  so ... are you ? 
  u buying ? 
  nah nah it 's more like '' hola !, 
  or '' pasta with chicken ! '', 
  or '' - oh i 've been to italy !, 
  - where ? 
  i dunno i guess old people still hate the germans for the war and for taking the duce away from them . 
  no it 's not their responsibility , it 's the responsibility of the people who took those decisions . 
  the people in the highest chain of command of nazi germany , not common people . 
  i 'm 100 % serious , that 's one big problem of how people look at russia , they do n't see how much they tried to change but in the end people kept treating them like monsters . 
  blaming all your problems on russia is probably how you guys cope with being second-class european citizens , but i will never support ostracising a group of people for something their parents did . 
  but why should they ? 
  it 's not the same political entity , it 's not the same people . 
  why giving innocent people the burden of what their ancestors did ? 
  also no one would have known what could have happened without russian protection/occupation . 
  it 's not like you 're being welcome . 
  maybe nuclear bases all around them and active military bases few hundreds km from moscow and st. petersburg ? 
  ... you bury the bodies and build bridges . 
  that was 2008 . 
  please tell me the name of the second neighbour russia 's is invading right now . 
  i meant compared to western europe . 
  nah nah after ww1 italy went on to build a friendship with austria . 
  but i 'll take another example : the difference is that when the third reich fell we did everything we could to foster cooperation and friendship with it . 
  while after the ussr fell ( by choice , without spilling a drop of blood nor firing a single bullet ) we kinda ignored it and instead we expanded nato , which was created solely to fight russia . 
  russia must protect its integrity , nobody will ever invest in or trade with a country that could be annihilated in a second . 
  what ? 
  i never said i forgot . 
  yeah you were a shitty poor country , it happens . 
  two ? 
  i only remember ukraine . 
  and not actively , the fighting stopped several months ago . 
  actually no , the baltics were already out of russia 's influence when they joined the eu in 2004 . 
  there 's absolutely no reason russia would invade them unless they imposed more of a threat to the russian integrity than they already do . 
  the austro-hungarians were in control of northern italian regions for centuries . 
  in your red-tinted eyes ... 
  did somebody say something ? 
  oh definitely , in fact after what austria did to us we went on for decades shitposting about how they 're evil and that they would attack attack at any second . 
  we still live in fear every day . 
  totally comprehensible . 
  then why do we have more mentions than the french ? 
  the chicken of course . 
  but do n't keep expecting a egg when what you have is not a chicken anymore . 
  fear creates monsters . 
  about 112kg in the us on average . 
  you guys really have a complex about russia you ca n't seem to resolve . 
  fuck you france !, 
  we 're more relevant !, 
  people start looking for job when they are in uni and they 're still classified as '' unemployed '' . 
  you just edited your comment , and it 's in the order of hundreds of thousands . 
  i think you should just stfu . 
  the first thing is mostly because the great majority of young people goes to university and do n't work and very few ( mostly immigrants ) take unskilled jobs ( which is much more common in the us ) . 
  the second one shows how fucking dumb you are : it 's out of our control , they 're not millions , the whole thing was caused by the us and the most part will just transit through the country and go to germanic ones . 
  a roulotte is not a house . 
  but abyways you have one of the highest percentage of homeless people in the developed world . 
  and one of the lowest of people owning a second house , which is funny considering how much land you got . 
  i have n't been living with my parents for the past 4 years and i 'm not even 22 . 
  but having a house is not common in the us is it ? 
  thankful we grant it fiscal independence and do n't actually impose them speaking italian ? 
  and if we take a look a romania you can see that one can have a quite low unemployment and still be poor as shit . 
  oh no things changed , the south imported our money and exported mafia . 
  progress !, 
  why do you go there ? 
  but yeah campania is by far the shittiest region in the country . 
  here we can see a person who has never left his 5000 people village and knows nothing about his home country . 
  amen . 
  dude wtf , it 's an old woman getting purposely sprayed in the face , you ca n't make this shit up . 
  stop spazzing out . 
  dude i know nothing about tea , look at the map for god 's sake !, 
  so the british suck at making tea ? 
  try next year . 
  that makes sense , the turkish were some of the first to import american plants and animals . 
  that 's again your interpretation . 
  he was a qualified scientist , he probably measured such variables on a international basis . 
  it 's not if you consider that south of rome people tend to have characteristics more similar to the people of maghreb . 
  meaning that half of the country has a much higher percentage . 
  also , my hair are definitely lighter than the second picture you posted , also half of my family and it is quite common to see people like that where i live ( bologna ) . 
  i do n't know why you 're so surprised , the romans had many blondes and we were conquered several times by northern barbarians . 
  it turns out that the actual average for men was 8.2 % between 1859-1863 , so i 'd say that the actual percentage is higher since women tend to have fairer feautures . 
  the percentage of blue eyes is much larger : about 30 % . 
  https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/biondismo#/media/file:biasuttimappa.png and that 's your opinion . 
  i can not predict the future .
