neither do i, 
  actually there are absolutely no italians that study in my uni . 
  and i have n't met any italians since i came here ( two months ago ) . 
  mine was a joke too . 
  a'right , english humour is off-limit ... 
  yes , let 's consider this pointless example to describe a whole nation way of dressing . 
  this article talks about me !, 
  i live in liverpool !, 
  in my opinion this map is bullshit . 
  renzi , retarded . 
  italy , it like you 're not even trying . 
  i say all african countries join the eu but with a '' special status '' . 
  that means that we give them military protection and we can use their resources . 
  they ca n't legally travel through europe though . 
  pax romana . 
  and if you read the whole thing it actually says '' do you not want nuclear energy to be produced in italy ? '' . 
  so you pretty much had to say yes to say no . 
  however this elaborate ruse did n't work and producing nuclear energy is still illegal in this country . 
  yeaaaah , suuuure , our parliament works so well together , think about a movie ... 
  good for you . 
  why does nigeria produce so many films ? 
  why do n't shitty and mafiose regions like campania or calabria have separatist movement ?? 
  oh right , because the only reason they have n't all died due to starvation is because half of the taxes payed by the rest of the country go there . 
  dude , they built a fucking tank . 
  yeah , of course , but just in first 170 years , then the people living in the peninsula were considered romans and had more rights than the people living in gallia or macedonia . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i lived there for a year , it 's not about neither the food nor the culture , it 's about the politics . 
  our politics is fucking corrupted , and that has been our biggest problem since the unification of our country . 
  can we get the place of scotland when they leave ? 
  please , please , please !, 
  england come on , we have all that old roman junk and that bright thing called sun that you really like !, 
  i was actually talking about libya , somalia , eritrea , etio ... well you know what ? 
  forget about it : roma caput mundi !, 
  we had more than one , all very disappointing ... 
  this is not r/colonies . 
  you guys really learned how to conquest from your conquerors ; the romans . 
  so proud . 
  in italy it 's very fucked up . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  emilia romagna and bologna in particular is the heart of the communist party . 
  then in lombardia ( milan ) and lazio ( rome ) people support the right parties . 
  that 's all i know . 
  we italians should should really be sorry for our colonies ... 
  read the comments above yours . 
  yeah and highly educated foreigners make up like 0.01 % of the immigrants ? 
  i 'm quite sure that if they had those capabilities they would n't be coming here through those dangerous and impervious routes . 
  hahahahaha if your factories and supermarkets closed is because they were not competitive with the europeans ones , it 's called capitalism , the most efficient one wins . 
  and anyways i highly doubt many people would like to use soviet products . 
  and anyways , your economies and average salaries highly benefited from being part of the union . 
  some things i said are about now , and anyways last time i checked history was an important part of one 's culture . 
  today they do this , tomorrow they stop paying taxes . 
  they benefit investors only if , for example , the investors have a part of their companies close to the airport and needs a certain air traffic in between the hq and that specific region . 
  the eu is not a company . 
  still , an airport should be most of the times profitable . 
  ouais je comprend  it would be more accurate and interesting to see if those 2/3 you cited are 1st of 4th generation muslims . 
  and also let 's not forget that immigrants and sons of immigrants always make up the lowest layers of our society ( that would have been taken up by natives if it was n't for the immigrants ) , so the real question is wether people of a different ethnicity commit more crimes because of their culture or simply because they 're poorer . 
  we 're not choosing to bring them in europe , they 're simply coming and leave them die in the mediterranean or in the balkans is not something an european would do . 
  i really doubt evil germany will get the best immigrants and give you the worse ones . 
  i honestly have no idea how they would assess the competence of people coming with little to no documents . 
  well i 'm not saying we 're exactly the same a syrians , but in this specific case we 're much more similar to them than to ukrainians , thus destroying the foundations of the previous comment saying we 're much closer culturally to ukrainians than to the immigrants coming right now . 
  edit : and yeah , i know it 's not just about history ( even though it matters a great deal ) that 's why i included other reasons . 
  not at all , the paper i read suggested how the migrants would indirectly create new jobs just by being there . 
  and in europe we like to complain a lot , but we must not forget that we 're the wealthiest federation in the world ( yurop !, 
  ) , we 're like the american 2 % complaining about the taxes on the rich if we compare ourselves with the rest of the world . 
  it would have made more money for us in the west . 
  the airports built in places like poland that i 'm talking about are built with money coming from the eu . 
  and what the hell are you trying to say anyways ? 
  of course i know that foreign companies can make money out of new airports , but the whole point is that the eu can not take back the long-term investments they made in post-soviet countries . 
  actually an influx of immigrants increases the wealth and the development of a country , even when we remove all the costs related with integration . 
  also , acquainted immigrants tend to commit less crimes than the native population . 
  i 'd source the shit out of this but i 'm on mobile . 
  you did n't get shit about what i said , of course the migrants crisis wo n't damage the investments in eastern europe , but it will damage the developed countries ( uk , fr , de , it , sw , dk , ... ) in the west if all the countries in europe do n't accept to share the burden . 
  also , the thing is , those investments would have probably made more money if they were made within western countries , but because of european integrations and political reasons were made in the east . 
  i said immigrants and that 's what i meant . 
  just because they 're not doing what the eu is all about , helping each other when someone 's in need . 
  they gave up a part of it when they joined the eu . 
  every country did , it should n't be a surprise . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  the majority of the ee countries are net recipients from the eu budget . 
  if anybody is sucking money out of someone it 's the eastern europeans . 
  well , first of all syria was for half a century a wealthy roman region , both of our histories are entangled in the mediterranean trade routes , the venetian empire had several ports in syria , the only popes ( 8 actually ) from outside europe before pope francis were all syrians , italy 's great role in the florence declaration , our diet is way more similar , and being both mediterranean people we look more alike them than slavs . 
  that 's all that comes to mind right now but i 'm sure there 's more . 
  the only historical episode that i can think about where italians had something to do with ukrainians is in the crimean war when the kingdom of sardinia sent 18 ' 000 soldiers to fight against the ottomans and the russians . 
  but that expenditure is nothing if compared to the economical gains of the surrounding region . 
  collaboration is n't kindness . 
  the investors in this case are mainly the 4 major eu members and net contributors : germany , france , the uk and italy and they surely do n't benefit if they have to take care of all the immigrants by themselves . 
  i 'd be very happy if all the countries refusing the quotas were to be expelled from the eu and put an embargo on . 
  i 'd like to see all these post-soviet countries that have been recently experiencing a raise in standard of living going back to be a satellite state of russia like belarus . 
  i live in western europe and we share more cultural and ethnical similarities with syrians than with ukrainians for example . 
  please tell me how you take back an airport . 
  no they were not , they were exchanged for future collaboration . 
  it seems like one of the parties is n't fulfilling its dues . 
  from an economical point of view yes , especially with such an ageing population such as europe 's . 
  it is indeed mostly done by the least wealthy . 
  it would be interesting comparing the average salary and social class of those who committed the crimes . 
  it is very possible that the reason why so many immigrants commit rape is because they make up the poorest parts of society edit : and not just because they 're immigrants . 
  no shit !, 
  no shit man , it 's a major crisis obviously it does n't take a couple of days to solve it as it wo n't take overnight to find a permanent solution . 
  it 's not about the eu being incompetent , it 's simply because it an extremely complicated matter . 
  while the eu is trying to surgically extract the bullet , hungary is like '' let 's cut off the leg !,
