  a greater weapon production for the us , and the weakening of a country that is not aligned with america . 
  this makes a lot of sense if you do n't consider how the mess that is now the middle east and maghreb region are directly caused by the us ( and france and the uk , pressured by the us ) . 
  also the political stance that russia now has is fuelled by the growth of nato presence in eastern europe . 
  yes , surely if europe and the us work together what they can achieve is much greater , but without an aggressive american foreign policy the problems we now need to deal with would be almost nonexistent . 
  by opposing , or at least denouncing their actions we could prevent many war crimes from being committed . 
  what does a solid education have to do with a country 's unemployment ? 
  defending ourselves from whom ? 
  really the only country that is still waging war at countries that do n't pose any kind of threat is ... the us . 
  i think that not being able to do anything about all the shit that the us is doing ( supporting israel and saudi arabia , invading countries that do not pose any kind of real threat , spying on us and our leaders , etc. . . ) is a very high price already . 
  ehm , we know this stuff . 
  we were schooled in europe . 
  i 'd rather not having to deal with a country that has been constantly at war since its creation and that has israel and saudi arabia as allies . 
  in latvia . 
  yeah this thread is full of people that firstly had a reason to justify their xenophobia and now are trying to keep their sinking argument up . 
  fuck you , i like my alps like i like my women : white and voluptuous . 
  they 're simply trying to gain some leverage at the peace talk table . 
  which i do n't mind since everything is legit when trying to stop israel from expanding and protecting palestinians . 
  edit : a word . 
  we lasted for more than half a thousand years , them ? 
  barely a century . 
  three ? 
  did they have a baby ? 
  pffffft roman empire is the only way a united europe ever worked and ever will . 
  yeah what he did was absolutely outrageous . 
  it 's also weird that france has a higher percentage than many countries . 
  did n't they have the lowest english proficiency in europe ? 
  i mean , no of ways the mangiarane is speaking inglish better than we . 
  reading this comment is making me retarded . 
  good job on the deleting mods , somebody needs to take away the scum from r/europe, 
  you 're like the first polish person i see in r/europe that does n't actually believe that sentence . 
  hahahaha this sub is hilarious . 
  from what i 've seen muslims born in france coexist very well . 
  as it happens in italy our and new generations usually do n't give a shit about whether you 're a immigrant or not as long as you 're cool . 
  the only issues are raised by dickheads . 
  which are present on both sides . 
  which it 's what the swiss did . 
  i thought it was the jews . 
  that 's absolute nonsense . 
  here in italy , and probably the rest of the eu , we get top quality olive oil for cheap prices . 
  why ? 
  because our government does n't allow fake nor non-vergin oil to be produced or sold . 
  that 's the us government 's fault , not ours . 
  if producers can make a higher profit margin , they will . 
  it 's not our fault if muricans drink even kerosene you tell them it 's italian . 
  it 's business, 
  if in doubt about any criminal wrongdoing , blame it on the slavs . 
  ehm ... he 's from bosnia, 
  fight fight fight !, 
  italians with other italians . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that muricans are absolutely self-centred . 
  the us is also a major melting pot . 
  i 'd say brazillians are much more worldly people than americans , meaning that they know how to live and adapt to different situations and are more aware of the outside world . 
  it can be very hard on your soul and spirit and it 's not very nice to live within a group of people that constantly judges you . 
  no we 're way worse !, 
  we ca n't even beat you at importing drunk brits and scandinavians !, 
  it 's all because of italians like you that spend 90 % of their time talking about how we talk too much about how our country sucks instead of actually doing something about it . 
  uh ... music ? 
  the last popular song we made was probably blue by the eiffel 65 . 
  and that song sucks . 
  here , you forgot this : / s, 
  actually here in italy we 're all very impressed at how you were able to exploit your coasts for tourism while we totally could n't , and still ca n't , in the south . 
  corruption is a hella of a cancer . 
  hahaha probably !, 
  it might be because we always compare ourselves with what we are and what we could have been but , mostly , what we were . 
  nevertheless imo it 's also because making us feeling very shameful is the only way our parents taught us to motivate ourselves to do shit . 
  like `` look at you , always watching tv , you are a disgrace !, 
  do n't you feel bad about yourself !? '' . 
  and we think that doing the same thing nation-wide helps fix our problems . 
  the fourth biggest military in western europe ... happy ? 
  god no wonder everybody hates americans, 
  no shit sherlock !, 
  we could talk for hours about how every continent 's border is a human invention , but there is general consensus on the fact that the urals divide europe from asia : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/asia i still speak english better than you so i guess your last statement is false . 
  greenland is an autonomous country within the kingdom of denmark meaning that the only thing the two country have in common politicallywise is the king ( this evident when looking at how it is not part of the eu while denmark is ) . 
  russia is not part of the eu and also globalfirepower.com does n't consider it when talking about european militaries . 
  most people would tell you to stop bitching . 
  edit : also guyana is a coll\u00e9ctivit\u00e9 territoriale unique and , much like greenland , not a province nor a region . 
  on the other hand russian regions are federal subjects that are part of the same country . 
  it is geographically asian . 
  i never argued that it is culturally or ethnically asian . 
  the french guyana is independent . 
  i do n't understand what you said 'cause `` self sure '' is not a word . 
  but sure keep questioning my intelligence , instead of accepting you 're wrong af . 
  not really . 
  `` europe is bordered by the arctic ocean to the north , the atlantic oceanto the west , and the mediterranean sea to the south . 
  to the east and southeast , europe is generally considered as separated from asia by the watershed divides of the ural andcaucasus mountains , the ural river , thecaspian and black seas , and the waterways of the turkish straits '' . 
  yeah right , changing the subject of the conversation and not providing a counterargument is so mature . 
  it 's not a complex idea , if a place is much closer to one continent or even lays on such continent , then it is part of that continent . 
  i think it depends on the context , because if you consider europe and asia as the eurasian continent then yes , of course every country that is in europe and asia is eurasian . 
  nevertheless if you look for any western european country you 'll never find a source that calls it `` eurasian '' . 
  absolutely , considering how the jews are a semitic people , even though nobody uses it because middle-eastern is more appropriate . 
  the canary islands are african islands that are part of an european country , if you asked me whether the people living there are european or african i would say they are european . 
  superior finnish education uh ? 
  like 90 % of it territory is in asia . 
  no it 's a country that is both in europe and asia . 
  about 77 % of the population lives in the european part of russia , and turkey is mostly located in western asia https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey . 
  at least i can into english . 
  let 's agree on the fact that it is an eurasian country . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_conquest_of_british_somaliland https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_alexandria_ ( 1941 ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_oswald_ ( n58 ) and just to fuck with yous some more : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_conquest_of_britain, 
  the majority of both country 's land is located in asia , i thought your mongolian genes would help you with geography smh . 
  not as hard as being defeated by the vietnamese and the afghani .
