  i see my '' intellectual disability '' and i raise your low english proficiency . 
  that is literally rich . 
  the 20 % most wealthy in probably any country are considered to be rich , by that country 's standard . 
  if we look at the world as a single country , they are rich by definition . 
  why did you have to make me read a bbc article ?? 
  hahaha no but , seriously , the articles talks only about germany . 
  and anyways , considering that the rest of the migrants come from something like 6-7 different countries the syrians are the biggest community coming from a single country . 
  syrians mostly took the land route and , again , what they said about the migrants in the mediterranean applies also to those coming from libya . 
  i do n't think that saving people that are fleeing war needs propaganda unless europeans turn out to be greedy and inhumane people . 
  yes , it 's true that listing sources does n't guarantee accuracy , but i had a quick look at most of them they seem to be solid . 
  mexicans fleeing to the us is an extremely similar situation to maghrebis fleeing to europe . 
  in a rational discussion you should have what ? 
  why ? 
  they 're making a statement , saying what they think is true , if you feel like shit is because internally you realise that not rescuing dying migrants is wrong and inhumane . 
  i 'm sorry i have to break it for you , but videos where one person talks are monologues . 
  does n't matter how hard you scream at the screen , a discussion will not arise . 
  and btw , yes , that is literally communication . 
  i like how you entitled yourself to speak for the most part of the european citizens , it should make you think . 
  so what you 're saying is : us statistics are completely irrelevant because the us has more crime than western europe . 
  fascinating . 
  i did n't get what you wrote after the word '' citizenship '' , it does n't make any sense in english . 
  would you say their morals are wrong ? 
  well , wether they become fully integrated in the society they move to depends a lot on the social class they will reach . 
  we have many examples right here in europe of people from completely different cultures from the countries they reached becoming the same as the average citizen of that country , like indians in england , turkish in germany or algerians in france . 
  the places where the local people will be turned into '' minorities '' will be very small and most of the times it will be in places where people do n't want to live nor work , like the most external suburbs of big cities . 
  education , if we look at the percentage of another developed country , the us , 5-7 % of the total population ( 2012 data ) have an higher form of education , much , much lower than syria . 
  well then if we reason that way who tells me you 're actually an eu citizen and not a belarusian that acquired a fake croatian passport ? 
  yes of course creating 800.000 jobs is going to be hard and yes there will be a few criminal acts in the very beginning , but this is why it 's called '' migrant crisis '' and not '' migrant walk in the park '' . 
  if your job is being taken by a person that ca n't afford decent clothes and does n't speak the local language then it 's your fault for sucking at life not the guy fleeing from war . 
  also , i do n't care if the jobs in my country are taken by eastern europeans ( that joined the eu very recently , gained much from it and now do n't want to share the burden of migrants , leaving it solely on us and few other countries to take care of this mess ) or syrians , for me they 're both immigrants and they 're both human beings . 
  your last statement is ridiculously stupid , syrians ( from a country where a lot of roman buildings are and once and for long rich region of the empire ) are probably closer culturally and ethnically to us , southern europeans , than ukrainians are . 
  and just italy is one of the 6 eu funders and has a higher population than poland and the baltic states combined so , following your dumbass logic syrians should have the priority over ukranians and we should end the sanctions that are starving europe and the russian federation . 
  but going back to your question , why should we be so generous ? 
  why should we have been so generous to share our wealth with poland , croatia , the baltic states , romania , the czech republic or bulgaria ? 
  simply because we 're literally the richest '' state '' ( the eu is getting very close to become a us of europe ) in the whole world and cooperating is what made us and will make us stronger , but with people like you ... we might crumble . 
  well , the syrians are a big chunk of the issue . 
  and anyways they do talk about the migrants in the mediterranean , also a lot of what they say regards all of the immigrants . 
  i did read them , most of them are ignorant rants based on their racist opinions , while the video did put their sources in the description . 
  what ? 
  still richer than most countries . 
  probably its population is in the 20 % richest in the world . 
  why ? 
  please , tell me what was not accurate in that video . 
  does that make any difference ? 
  your post seemed all about how we 're not gon na let them get inside . 
  i mean when they are caught by any kind of police force in any country of the eu . 
  and even if you do n't carry any id the guards can not take you outside the country because of eu laws and because they do n't know where they came from . 
  so even if we had twice the police force it would be pointless . 
  i think a more plausible scenario is masses of migrants passing through hungary as easily as the germans passed through belgium because realistically hungary does n't have the means to cover such a large area . 
  yes , even with eu financial support . 
  it 's so bad i 'd say they 're having an hellenic time !, 
  that 's a bit simplistic imo . 
  the main issue is that turkey did not , and still does n't , meet the eu standards to become a member . 
  but the problems with turkey becoming an eu country are far deeper and more complicated 'cause if turkey was to become one , it would be the first and only muslim state and the first and only state located ( mostly ) in asia . 
  you can see that a series of cultural and political complications would arise from this . 
  morocco and the other maghreb states ? 
  i do n't see the connection with europe except maybe the fact that they ( along with turkey ) were part of the roman empire for over half a century . 
  the eu is not an empire , we do n't try to conquer every available piece of land around us . 
  edit : a word . 
  i studied international relations , but you 're free to tell me why that is not plausible . 
  after the 2008 crisis and the current migrant crisis maybe not , but as soon as things start to settle down they 'll be begging for it . 
  you have tried since the creation of the eu , and you will try again after things get better . 
  just despair , desolation and some of our external territories . 
  no , it 's to show that the eu is as big as the whole world . 
  not really , i really doubt that the smugglers bring the boats back to libia . 
  of course , but turkey would allow it and collaborate since it still desperately want to be part of the eu . 
  no it 's not , simply because the us has been at war more times and for longer than the ussr either to gain control over some country 's resources or just to maintain a certain political leverage . 
  also the result of military spending is exponential , meaning that even 4.5 % of the us gdp generates a greater military than the same amount of money utilised by different countries military machine . 
  who gives a shit about that ? 
  we were talking about who 's women were being plowed by whom . 
  i 'm blond and i have greyish coloured eyes , so i would n't consider myself to be swarthy , my sunburnt/ginger friend . 
  the arabs controlled sicily ( just that island ) for 159 years ( from 902a . d. 
  ) , in the same period when the vikings and the franks were plowing your women , after almost a thousand years of romans plowing your women . 
  i remember reading that more than a million russians escaped every year from their country from the beginning of wwi until after the first few years after the creation of the soviet union and the migrants usually either chose the uk or the us as their final destination . 
  because 4.5 % of a gdp like the us 's is incredibly bigger than 4.5 % of russia 's gdp . 
  because someone mentioned that the ussr and russia had and have war driven economies . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about all the millions of indians that you do n't define anymore as such because they 've been living there for a long time or that were born there . 
  if we consider today 's immigration yes , but if we take in account past ones no , cause italy has always been a country of emigration , contrary to england . 
  the city yes , but its spirit no . 
  pretty normal ? 
  what about all the millions of indians that have been moving the since the last half a century ? 
  or what about the hundred thousands of russians that came during and after wwi ? 
  my username tries represent how the ancient roman culture is still alive today in many things that we use every day . 
  we have n't had any major immigration for probably more than 3 centuries before the 90s . 
  said the guy from a country of mutts . 
  it actually does , the standard of living is determined also by one 's comfort . 
  it also includes the hours of work required to acquire goods , meaning that it takes for me five minutes to make enough money to buy an excellent wine , while it would probably take you hours if not a full day of work . 
  today 's russia 's military spending is only of 4.5 % ( while they 're fighting in ukraine and syria ) , which is still very low if we compare russia 's and the us 's total gdp . 
  so i 'm quite sure saying that russia 's military spending did n't shrink is bullshit . 
  not necessarily , just to give you an example : i do n't need much money to grow my own vegetable garden , as i do n't need much money to cook my own food . 
  yet , countries that cook more often and do n't buy pre-cooked food , like france and italy , opposite of what the british and the americans do , tend to be slimmer , live longer and generally eating the food you grew and cooked makes you happier . 
  you mean '' moving the goalposts '' ? 
  the difference is that living in the us sucks , but if you go in vacation there are plenty of nice places . 
  and i totally agree with naples , but saying milan is shitty just because of the weather and graffiti is bullshit , milan is a city that is often compared to paris , ny , and london . 
  you probably misunderstood what i said , i referred as the ussr as the 2nd biggest economy in the world , i did n't compare it to its population . 
  i 'm not generalising at all , most of the things i mentioned are actual precise data . 
  milan is gloomy and sad for most of the year and there are more graffiti than in most european big cities . 
  also i lived in the us for a year and went there for holiday a few times , and it is extremely shitty compared to most european countries , i 'm sorry but people are so ignorant it hurts . 
  the us had , and still has , a larger military .
