  hahahaha he resigned because he was having stroke after stroke . 
  when we refer to the '' ignorant and misinformed '' leave voters we refer to people like yourself . 
  a'right . 
  i mean cameron resigned , people in the uk do n't even dare to mention ignoring the referendum . 
  i doubt they 'll stay . 
  i take for granted they 'll leave and that they uk will balkanise . 
  i do n't wan na be dragged into another bullshit argument about the brexit , but fuck it  so we dscriminate in favour of mostly white and relatively well-off europeans in preference to mostly non-white people from - largely - africa and the indian sub-continent . 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
  you 're getting italian doctors , french businessmen and polish plumbers . 
  which are better than their african and sub-indian counterparts . 
   and it 's left greece with 50 % youth unemployment , spain and italy with 40-45 % youth unemployment and the eu will not make the changes or reversals in policy that this situation is crying out for . 
  the euro is indeed mostly a political decision , but as long as a country is behind the oca there 's no reason why a common currency would not be beneficial . 
  italy has 36 % . 
  also what caused this is 1 ) mostly the absence of control in the financial market in the us that led to the 2008 crisis 2 ) greece lying on its balance account . 
  3 ) germany lending to southern countries without really caring about the consequences . 
  all of this has nothing to do with the euro . 
   ` what 's the most important policy that the eu ( under its various names ) has ever reversed , in its whole history ? ' ww3 , the oil crisis at the beginning of the 70s , the 2008 crisis , tariffs on good ( which increased the total welfare in europe by several folds ) . 
  this just what i can think about in these 5 minutes i 'm waiting for my bus . 
   who was the most important eu politician who has ever been removed by a vote of the people ? 
  who was the most important british politician who has ever been removed by a vote of the people ? 
  sauce on that ? 
  i 'm taking as granted that the uk either leaves or breaks up . 
  that he acts so that his actions benefit the majority of the people living in the european union . 
  we do . 
  considering we were one of the founding members , in the euro area , and the 3rd largest economy and most populated country in the eu : nah . 
  we did n't know that at the time . 
  he probably was n't even doing these kind of things , power corrupted him . 
  i could cite you several major occasions where they acted in the most selfish way possible , weakening the european project . 
  he was directly elected by the luxembourgish people , he then was voted , not appointed , by other european politicians who were elected by popular vote . 
  which is not uncommon , you usually do n't get to choose the head of your party , he 's chosen by the party members . 
  you 're trying to make a fuss out of nothing . 
  well i 'm referring to the instances where it acted as a single entity . 
  it was a joke , he called foreign leaders '' aliens '' looking into european politics and being worried about it . 
  there 's absolutely nothing ridiculous/strange about this . 
  and that 's why she wan na go easy on the brits . 
  god-forbid germany sacrifices itself once for the sake of the union . 
  yes they are . 
  and they 're all from newly member of the eu , and none of them is from a major european country except the '' german minister '' . 
  it 's still a great minority . 
  well too bad this does n't matter , almost half of the country wanted to stay and the other half was too fucking careless and dumb to do some basic research ( if you want to call that '' being tricked '' ) , but at the end they 're gon na act as a single entity . 
  anyways , he actually went to the ni and scotland mps to make a deal that would benefit both parties . 
  we were scared of a far left/communist government . 
  he seemed like a family man that would help small companies . 
  which was still better than having an extremist government , right austria ? 
  well as it is evident from the article , from how they did n't increase the money supply during while other countries were struggling when the erm was still in place ( thus making the uk get out of the euro and france and italy go into a recession ) , and by their stingy and selfish reaction during the currency crisis ( while they were experiencing economic growth thanks to the euro and the other european countries ) . 
  dude this whole thread is bullshit . 
  op mentions how some minor mps do n't like junker and suddenly they represent the feelings of their whole countries . 
  junker is a great diplomat . 
  he loves europe , which is something that can not be said when talking about germany ... 
  wtf . 
  he 's the most chill and down to earth politician we have in europe . 
  if new generations across the continent are to be attracted to int . 
  politics is because of him . 
  the uk made a choice based on hate , ignorance and misinformation and they absolutely deserve to go down in flames . 
  he 's just saying like it is . 
  international relations have become cold in the last decades , technocrats like mario monti have ruined this profession , it warms my heart to see people like junker , who truly love the european project . 
  things do n't go to well to us when politics becomes `` interesting '' . 
  c'mon yous are fucking with us , that ira-queen part is clearly a joke . 
  from '79 until '81 things were going pretty well . 
  shut up you extracommunitarian . 
  that 's why i think that every single '' go to vote '' ad in every election/referendum is bullshit . 
  it should be '' go to vote if you have a solid reason to vote for that/him '' . 
  nah nah nah , neither the president nor congress does n't have any kind of power over the cia . 
  of course the cia wo n't fuck with neither in order to guarantee its survival , but the cia can carry out projects without having to communicate them to anybody else and can investigate anybody without their permission . 
  literally first thing i found . 
  half of the continent was occupied by the ussr and the rest by america . 
  the uk passed from being the greatest empire in the world to having a lower gdp ( ppp ) than italy and spain was under a dictatorship until 1976 . 
  sweden and switzerland fared pretty well tho . 
  europe lost . 
  you said they helped a bunch ( which is actually an idiom that 'd convey that they helped very little ) . 
  then you said that by showing how they tried to destroy democracy in our country i was agreeing with you . 
  if helping for you means trying to install another fascist government then you 'd have to support fascist governments . 
   now , you can apologize for the idiocy you just wrote , or we can end this discussion here . 
  or maybe you can get on your knees and blow me ? 
   those someones are also the people working for our state agencies and state companies , like eni . 
  like it or not , many of them visit dangerous places so you can have natural gas to heat your house and oil to drive your car . 
  eni is a state company , but still a corporation , they seek profit not the wellbeing of the italian citizens . 
  they choose to go there putting at risk their lives and they 're paid very well and usually have security accompaigning them . 
  if you 're referring to libya , it 's the americans , the french and the british who chose to destabilise it . 
  so the cia would in the end help us making up for their mess . 
   really ? 
  which spy satellites do we have again ? 
  how extensive are our phone intercepts in the middle east ? 
  little , because we always had the cia to help us . 
  in case they stopped we would just increase our investment in our agency and cooperate more with the other european countries . 
  it 's not that we ca n't , it 's that we do n't have to . 
   so you 're literally agreeing with me ? 
  cool then . 
  oh so you like neo-fascism and being controlled by a foreign entity ? 
  casapound is looking for dumbass idiots like you then !, 
  imposing on free citizens the american way was as bad as imposing communism in my opinion . 
  well of course public outrage poses a threat to the cia , this means they either stop doing what they 're doing or , most probably , they keep doing it but by being more discreet . 
  but we were talking about the us government which has absolutely no direct influence on the cia . 
  like the eu governmental body has no influence on the ecb for example . 
   when an italian citizen is kidnapped in the middle east , who do you think we call to see if they have useful surveillance data ? 
  to be very fair i do n't like to give up my sovereignty because someone decided to go to a dangerous place and then , guess what , got in danger . 
  and anyways it 's not that we do n't have the capabilities to do that , it 's because it 's simpler to rely on them since we 're allies . 
   because yes they did help a bunch yeah best friends for ever : '' count edgardo sogno said in his memoirs that in july 1974 , he visited the central intelligence agency ( cia ) station chief in rome to inform him of preparations for a neo-fascist coup . 
  asking what the united states ( us ) government would do in case of such a coup , sogno wrote that he was told , `` the united states would have supported any initiative tending to keep the communists out of government . '', 
  general maletti declared , in 2001 , that he had not known about sogno 's relationship with the cia and had not been informed about the coup , known as golpe bianco ( white coup ) , led by randolfo pacciardi '' .
