  if you guys would acknowledge the dire state of your city and people rather than insulting whoever sheds light on it maybe rome would n't be such a shithole . 
  several reasons . 
  a low culture , reflected by your incapacity of speaking italian . 
  your extreme pride in being romans , even though nothing good about rome has been done by the people living there for the past 300 years . 
  your love of drugs , never i 've seen so much cocaine in my whole life . 
  your proness for corruption and crime , which can be seen by how you treat your tourists and , more evidently , in how you manage public expenditure . 
  exaustive enough ? 
  rather than garbage i would describe romans as cunts . 
  can confirm , live in a 20 ' 000 people town and there 's a chinese restaurant . 
  that we did a lot of shit . 
  and that we should have had more of them . 
  can not unhear . 
  we had the ultimate one : i 'm blue dabadibadadaaa ... 
  generalisation of customs for different ethnicities and cultures . 
  we 're a bit racist , but not in a '' do n't you dare speak to me '' kind of way . 
  not well , they tend to always stay in groups and interact little with locals . 
  also , being often part of the lowest classes , they find themselves involved in criminal activities . 
  literally '' to the doghouse !, 
  the fact you have to specify '' french '' tells you who 's renaissance was best . 
  and the renaissance . 
   sub saharan africa receives $ 135b a year and it 's still a shithole . 
  care to share the source for this ? 
  not as many as in most northern european countries . 
  not technically , but a turkish or and iranian would be commonly called '' arab '' ( arabo ) . 
  medio oriente . 
  but arabia is most commonly used . 
  the gdp is lower than it was in early 2008 . 
  because of stagnant institutions i reckon . 
  we did n't . 
  slovenia and croatia . 
  / r/america . 
  even though italian is just the tuscan dialect . 
  i 'd say 2000 + years of history speak for themselves . 
  a 30 years long debate solved with a simple sentence . 
  bravo . 
  mcdonald 's ? 
  why vienna ? 
  say what you want about him , but he created an anti-corruption movement and he never stopped abiding to it . 
  you may think it 's not much , but when 50 % of corruption in europe originates in your country it really makes it an astonishing feat . 
  actually all accents except the regular italian one are considered unsophisticated . 
  simply because those who spoke in dialect were always the uneducated . 
  a bit like people who have an accent when speaking english . 
  the better your english is the more educated you sound . 
  italy is more north vs south . 
  the north being very rich and the south poor . 
  hahaha i have a video of my brazilian friend and i trying to speak english with someone from the information boot machine at moscow central station . 
  i never had such a disorienting experience as in moscow . 
  not a sigle person spoke english . 
  even young people . 
  even the bloody concierge at a major hotel in moscow city did n't understand a word of english . 
  i get that expecting everybody to speak your language is impolite at best , but english is not even my first language !, 
  hahaha, 
  i 've been studying in the nl for almost 2 years and i know maybe 3-4 words in dutch . 
  i got so used to speak english to everybody i get pissed it feels weird if someone answers in dutch . 
  what you said is something that is really different in italy . 
  since we never had very large colonies in the 19th century not many people outside italy speak the language . 
  so every time someone tries to speak italian we get excited and really encourage him/her . 
  hahahaha never tried them , but i bet they taste like our leftover tiramisu . 
  fight me brah . 
  your potatoes are not bad tho . 
  hot girls i want to bang . 
  gay-looking guys who try to dress like us and generally be us but look awkward af . 
  highest english proficiency i 've ever heard . 
  everything is fucking clean and new in sweden . 
  absolutely no culinary achievements . 
  french and german ? 
  i know , i 'm studying in the nl . 
  yes , my dog makes similar sounds when he 's choking . 
  beautiful . 
  til, 
  homer 's stories . 
  the second one seems to be believed by many russians i met . 
  it 's spoken cancer . 
  at least german does n't sound like you 're constantly trying to accumulate spit at the end of your throat . 
  why ? 
  is it so different/annoying ? 
  but does n't sharing the same language mean you also share bits of each other culture ? 
  i reckon you guys grew up watching the same shows and reading the same literature ( i know germans read the man without qualities in high school for instance ) . 
  also i see that when abroad german and austrian students spend more time together . 
   without calling yourself dumb , do n't worry . 
  we always assume it . 
  no , not even foreign ones . 
  occasionally . 
  too much . 
  you 're a developed country by ~ ~ natural resources ~ ~ mistake . 
  i doubt there would be many polish doctors and economists in those two countries anyways . 
  probably '' what the fuck is he talking about '' since we do n't have that word in our language . 
  but if you said '' polonia '' people would actually think '' why fuck is that guy saying ` polonia ' with zero contest all by himself ? 
  is he alright ? '' . 
  if finally you were able to produce a logically sound sentence they 'd probably say '' oooh , prostitutes and cheap labour '' . 
  in italian of course . 
  huh do i have to remind you that the us interfered with european elections since the end of wwii ? 
  i 'm talking about stuff like funding fascists parties and terrorist attacks . 
  we actually have one of the lowest alcohol consumptions in europe . 
  we actually have one of the lowest wine consumptions in europe . 
  we actually have one of the lowest wine consumption in europe . 
  i would n't expect a swede to have much taste anyways . 
  dunno , drink until people sound interesting ? 
  i gave one as a present to my french host family . 
  they did n't know what it was so they used it as a pencil-holder .
