  but you dumbfucks muricans that believe that the fascists were the same as the romans , the only thing you should be proud of is that you have n't killed yourself yet by self-mutilation because the knife you just bought had n't written `` sharp '' on it . 
  yeah we do not have a single united language because we do n't need one , pretty much everybody here is at least bilingual . 
  switzerland and belgium have 3 official languages and they seem to be pretty united . 
  i 'm sure your girlfriend 's family experience can surely be a basis for an argument against mine , which come from a person that actually was born and now lives in europe . 
  yeah the romans were pretty humble about themselves , they surely never thoughts that their morals and values were so better than everyone else 's that they would justify killing and raping . 
  i mean they still did it but only because they were able to . 
  my username refers to how rome 's art and culture survives today even thought the roman empire fell centuries ago , reminding us how what we do echoes in time . 
  there 's nothing nationalistic about it . 
  ... so you were saying that your parents are bad teachers ? 
  edit : it 's funny how you corrected me for a common mistake i made in a language which is not even my second one and that i learned singlehandedly , while you probably speak only english, 
  true , it turns out to be a legend https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhlenberg_legend, 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  it 's probably much harder for us in the west to see how biased and false our news broadcasters are . 
  why would we ? 
  we do n't wan na be invaded . 
  no we chose to be your vassal because that was a better option than being on our own . 
  and also because you invaded us . 
  i hate having to further expose the failure of your education system , but before the us came to exist different states/cities/regions had different languages , in fact when it came to choosing which language would be the official one , german came pretty close to win . 
  i 'm not saying that the different states in the us have the same cultural differences that we have between countries here in europe , i 'm just saying that there are some similarities . 
  pretty much every person born in the 90s and after is fluent in english or french , so indeed we have indeed a common language . 
  the 3 major countries in europe ( except the uk ) share the same currency . 
  we do call ourselves european when we 're outside europe , but we firstly refer to our nationality if we 're in europe , as you would say '' i 'm american '' if you were , let 's say , in japan , but if you were in la you 'd say your bostonian firstly . 
  we act as a single country when it 's useful for us . 
  i do n't see what 's the problem . 
  of course , in fact it 's a random coincidence that every country that does n't play along with the us ' plans becomes a terrorist state governed by a dictator . 
  yes yes , we do n't . 
  now give me euromonies for the sack of rome . 
  different states that came together so they could be stronger after fighting against one another ... so the us ? 
  shhhh let them be , they have n't reached the acceptance phase yet . 
  since econometric data before the 19th century is pretty much nonexistent i 'd say that graph such as this one show more how many people were living in a certain region rather than how much output was produced in that period . 
  '' others did it so i am legitimised in doing what i do '' , great 5 year old mentality . 
  just pointing out that our '' obsession '' was forced on us . 
  it 's the same kind of obsession a bird has for its cage . 
  you know , when you have military bases on our soil you tend to notice . 
  well the germans were not schooled in america , so that 's probably why . 
  the geneva convention is a set of laws that a state must respect , you can break those laws even if you did n't agree on not breaking them . 
  and the simple fact that those are laws against war crimes is an indicator of a how brutal israel is . 
  not really the black market , but still : `` israel built its nuclear weapons from smuggled parts and pilfered technology '' http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/15/truth-israels-secret-nuclear-arsenal, 
  i hate the american foreign policies as much as the next european , but we 're better off with them than without them . 
  http://www.alternatehistory.com/discussion/attachment.php?attachmentid=89106&amp;d=1261391029 i guess easier than not knowing it . 
  well , truth is , we just got a few ports in western modern turkey and , yes , we conquered libya , but we ended up calling the '' box of sand '' because there was nothing to get out from it and we ended up investing more in building roads and railways that what we gained from it . 
  thing is , israel is incredibly small if compared to the eu , we certainly can afford that . 
  first line : '' the democratically elected government of iran was overthrown on 19 august 1953 , following a coup d'\u00e9tat orchestrated by the united kingdom and the united states '' . 
  it 's not just spying , it 's the whole ugly chimera of israeli actions that has been going since its creation that deserves that . 
  are you joking ? 
  most of today 's israeli territory was taken from neighbouring countries . 
  very little compared to the uk and france . 
  we just got some ports in modern turkey . 
  how little we were rewarded is mainly why we created fascism and became germany 's ally . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  thing is , it 's the us , our major economic and military ally and it has a lot of military bases in europe . 
  we have little power over this thing . 
  israel , israel does n't . 
  oh great looks who supports you in europe , a corrupt mafioso that sleeps with underaged girls and a this retard : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0kjzeh2jn8 . 
  our government is not our people . 
  luckily . 
  yeah because the german government spied on the eu private meeting which its representatives take part in . 
  yeah in fact i just wrote this wiki page , have look , just to check how proficient i am in english : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abadan_crisis#coup_d.27.c3.a9tat, 
  well no , also russia and the us did it in recent times , but that 's why we imposed sanctions on russia and the us ... well it 's the us . 
  how is this an excuse ? 
  what other '' progressive '' country does this kind of war crimes ? 
  it 's the only small or newly created country that spies on allies . 
  i 'm worried of anybody with undeclared nuclear weapons that is colonising the area around it . 
  yes we are talking about what the tribal middle east that emerged relatively recently . 
  not much later than the ottoman empire fell most of the middle east was relatively wealthy and stable , the scramble for oil by the us and the uk and the israeli need for protection are the reason why the that region and the maghreb region are as they are now . 
  yeah that 's what you do with countries that violate several times the geneva convention , bomb un children hospitals , occupy other countries territories , spy on allied countries and buys nuclear weapons off the black market and does n't declare them . 
  well considering how they destabilised with the help of the us several countries that were until few decades ago democratic and secular , invaded some of them and the fact that they have working nuclear weapons , very vulnerable . 
  yeah but the dog got loose and now it 's killing our chickens . 
  ahahahaha of course , fuck that, 
  i do n't get how spying on private meetings on restricted subjects is not considered an act of treason by the eu . 
  we should embargo israel asap . 
  considering how the tensions are growing between the us and israel , the latter will be left dying alone , as it deserves . 
  you 're underestimating how simply the ability of choosing whether or not spread and keep up our values is highly valued and respected by any government . 
  yeah 'cause i 'm 100 % responsible for my country 's choices . 
  this is evident when looking at how norway is often the mediator of many international disputes . 
  i like hearing made up bullshit opinions which are not based on any actual fact as much as the next person , but why do you think so ? 
  again , source or gtfo, 
  sauce ? 
  it 's way less than that c'mon , there 's a crisis we all know it , there 's no need to exaggerate . 
  well , kind of , the total european union countries ' expenditure is 1.55 % of the total gdp , while the us ' is 4.2 % ( as of 2012 ) , so yeah we 're definitely of riding the train of having the us as our ally . 
  another main issue is indeed the fact that the lack of full cooperation ( aka a united european army ) which means that we 're not nearly as efficient as we could . 
  you mean '' gain '' , right ? 
  accepting refugees brings soft power . 
  i also would like to emphasise how important soft power is to the eu since we have a small combined military compared to our size . 
  who would enforce them ? 
  what would enforce them ? 
  international politics and economics . 
  i studied international relations and i 'm now studying economics and i really do n't get why governments do n't simply admit why they are doing what they are doing . 
  you see , accepting refugees in europe gives the eu a lot of soft power ( which is '' the ability of a country to persuade others to do what it wants without force or coercion '' , the opposite of hard power : basically the use of military force ; but both have pretty much identical scopes and capabilities ) . 
  also , respecting international treaties , of any kind , gives more credibility to the eu , more credibility brings a lot of good things , most importantly investments and stability . 
  these are '' macrofactors '' meaning that they are more crucial and potent than one would think . 
  i 'm not arguing that they 're right nor wrong in doing what they are doing , i 'm just trying to explain why they are doing it . 
  edit : grammar . 
  pretty much yeah , also tomato sauce price . 
  yeah i mean you need to live in a baltic country to know what 's going on in the world , the only diplomats existing are in fact all latvians . 
  the thing you do n't understand is that america and its allies profit from its actions . 
  the embargo on iran ? 
  the civil war in syria , iraq and the maghreb region ? 
  that profited mostly israel but also saudi arabia and the us directly . 
  the current tensions with russia ?
