  wtf there 's a shitton of blonde italians , like 20 % of the population or something . 
  what if i 'm blonde ? 
  oh c'mon you already have enough british women !, 
  give tea to your economy . 
  it is actually interesting to notice how even though greece was part of the ottoman empire for a long time and it is also orthodox it drinks coffee . 
  our kingdom for your women !, 
  i know right , what kind of shit european map includes slovakia ? 
  the american crime rate is much higher than the european one . 
  i 'm more scared when i walk around in the us than france for example . 
  yes , that little mountain town . 
  i guess it 's because i 'm from the north . 
  did i make a pun ? 
  can someone explain it to me please ? 
  we have a higher gdp per capita, 
  of course dude . 
  it 's just that girls have lower standards in england . 
  hahahahah once again swedenstan is the one who brings the bants to the table . 
  how 's the weather in the shire ? 
  1.89 italian here , most of my friends are almost as tall as i am or taller . 
  can confirm . 
  also check out who 's the president of the ecb ( draghi ) and who 's the eu foreign policy spokesperson ( mongherini ) . 
  i mean , the different empires and trade attracted so many people from the maghreb region , the eastern steppe and anatolia that it is really hard to really define that . 
  and people who say they are sure about it are idiots to say the least . 
  this is your personal opinion and you sourced a comic . 
  i was mentioning politicians . 
  some of them usually share the views of their electors . 
  i mean is putting a gun next your head not threatening ? 
  'cause building military infrastructure a few hundreds kms from moscow sounds kinda threatening . 
  well the us has a military budget 8 times bigger than all of the other members combined . 
  nato is basically the us . 
  what 's not positive ? 
  getting dragged into a futile large scale war by some tiny useless post-soviet states . 
  do you think the us sees most countries any differently ? 
  do you really think that the american military campaings of the last 60 years were done in order to achieve peace in those regions ? 
  you ee seem to forget quite quickly how you did n't have to fight for your freedom , it was given to you by the ussr . 
  what ? 
  who ? 
  '' most political majors '' ahahaha bullshit, 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  before the nato ones . 
  the eu ones last much longer before they come into practice . 
  yeah , stupid russia , defending its borders from civil war and terrorism . 
  you see russia as a continuous political entity . 
  the 80s and 90s russia was in peace with the west . 
  we did n't have that . 
  we turned out fine . 
  and there are millions of people that are against the us . 
  so what ? 
  geopolitics is not democracy . 
  yes the europeans have been so nice toward russia and their own neighbours right ? 
  relatively to international relations theory russia is a superpower for it can project its military power on countries that are not on its border . 
  if oranges were blue they would n't be called oranges , right ? 
  yeah and austria is above italy . 
  the gravity model of trade explains how the distance between two countries is an indicator as significant as economic mass . 
  nato expansions began before the current russian mentality developed as such . 
  russia does n't behave any differently than other powers nato might have resulted in a safe europe during the cold war , but now it is just a pointless risk . 
  what charts ? 
  hahaha maybe read the article before posting . 
  the agreements began before . 
  yeah 'cause reacting to terrorists killing russian people really is something that has anything to do with democracy . 
  yes those people who think russia must be a scary looking superpower live in washington . 
  and they created a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  they chose not to bow and that 's respectable . 
  what does this have to do with the article ? 
  yeah i guess we should all look at russia as a terrible monster that lives on the blood of ee countries . 
  that 'll do it . 
   russia in 1998 was a desperate and sad country not differently from all the other ex-soviet countries . 
  except that russia had already an established military and the others did n't . 
  they already achieved so by entering the eu , there was no need for military confrontation . 
   you 're trying to argue that the past was not absolute shit and that modernity is not superior in every possible way . 
  no , i 'm saying that painting everything with the broad brush of non-violence cancels important practices . 
  i mean the social environment , culture , and development in recent history . 
   germany 's gdp per capita is 12.000 dollars huh that 's what i said . 
   and what has this shit to do with child spanking well i 'd say that the certainty of being able to pay your bills allows for greater scope in tackling domestic issues . 
   the countries topping the list in these categories are asian and eastern european . 
  exactly , it does n't make sense comparing countries which such extremely different socio-economic situations . 
  that 's why i compared italy and germany . 
   the same thousand years during which women could n't vote and we kept people as property ? 
  what kind of shit-tier argument is this yes . 
  the same thousands of years during which we emerged from the mud and forged ourselves into the civilisation we 're now . 
   we 've been violent martial barbarians for 99 % of our history . 
  two thousand years ago we were building the aqueducts and spreading written language across europe . 
  500 years ago we were frescoing the sistine chapel and created university as an institution . 
  during the last century we invented the radio and discovered nuclear fission . 
  maybe you germans were barbarians for most of your history , we were not . 
   oh and also suicide rates and alcoholism are not especially prevalent in germany . 
  23rd in the world by alcohol consumption , italy is 87th . 
  77th for suicide rates , italy 's 128th . 
  all of this while having a higher income per capita . 
  it 's a bold statement but i 'd say that germans are more mentally unstable . 
   you do understand that we 've raised a whole generation of children without spanking them right ? 
  and we 've raised one while spanking them . 
  i do n't really see that much of a difference tho . 
  except your high suicide rates among teens and alcohol abuse . 
   your anecdotes i feel like a few thousand years of domestic education are more of an historical fact and even a serial statistical occurrence . 
  but what would yous know . 
   unqualified parents . 
  brilliant , now you also have to pass a test in order to be allowed to procreate in germany ? 
  i do n't want to start a discussion about lightbulbs , however i read how incandescent lightbulbs also produce also electromagnetic waves in the infrared spectrum .
