  oh , i forgot about the good ol' r/europe xenophoby, 
  i did n't know that last part , thanks !, 
  the term '' italians '' did n't exist yet , could you be a bit more specific ? 
  hahahaha no . 
  i could understand if you said that veneto has its own distinctive culture for the serenissima was independent for almost a thousand years , but saying it has any relevant austrian influence is wrong . 
  in trentino the most spoken language has always been ladin and the only strong cultural influence it has is from lombardy and veneto . 
  well give me another motivation that has some basis . 
  we do n't know what would happen , but we 're humans and we can predict what would happen with a certain degree of security . 
  nope , not even sicilians , they were considered different provinces . 
  everybody wants to get rid of naples . 
  a place once so beautiful , so full of history and art populated by corrupted and ignorant people that made it a shithole . 
  well , as i said , since every region was a different country for centuries it makes sense that our cultures are not very similar . 
  if i have to be honest the only reasons why we got unified is because we speak languages that kinda sound the same , 'cause we 're close to each other geographically , and because only the people living in the peninsula ( but not the islands ) were considered roman citizens during the roman empire . 
  why ? 
  wait a sec , veneto and trentino have deep roots in which other cultures ? 
  i agree that sudtyrol is more austrian than italian , and that the reason it became part of italy is that it was in a strategical position from a military point of view . 
  bullshit , none of the italian regions is culturally repressed . 
  they can absolutely express their cultural differences ( that after almost 200 years of unification are almost absent in younger generations ) . 
  thus the only reason they want to be independent is an economical one . 
  and no , they would surely be better off by being independent . 
  i have to say that , yes , every single region in italy has a very distinctive culture and dialect , but the only regions that really have an independent movement are sudtyrol , veneto , the whole north and maybe sardinia . 
  and all of them ( except for sardinia ) really want to be independent just because they 're much richer than the south . 
  i do n't know why but your comment made me think of a smiling berlusca jogging along in a field of prostitutes and bandanas . 
  is it really what he 's doing now ? 
  i meant that i can confirm the fact that learning languages that have common roots comes more easily than learning languages that have few or none similarities . 
  which is pretty obvious . 
  and rightfully so . 
  italian speaking portuguese and spanish here : can confirm . 
  but one is higher than the other . 
  source or go home . 
  only because of extremely higher number of man and artillery used . 
  both the germans and the japanese were killing more americans than how japanese and/or germans were being killed by them . 
  interesting, 
  yo yo wait , we were like the fif ... seventh strongest nation in the world at the time !, 
  even sixth if you consider france fell . 
  also the american fighting man was second to the german , finnish and japanese ones for sure . 
  the point is true though , we 've been in the top richest/strongest countries in the world for like 3 thousand years , no need to worry . 
  me too i enjoy a fat occasion once in a while . 
  you bring tea and i 'll provide marron glaces . 
  no france , nobody wants your foie gras , stop asking . 
  this goes along well with the fact that is traveling around the continent asking leaders to join him in his war . 
  i like how you ignored the rest of my comment and cherry picked up an occasion during the fascist regime to explain capitalist society . 
  it 's you that firstly elaborated that idea taking as granted that both the corporations and the state will work together in order to illegally get as much money as possible from citizens . 
  you really sound like someone who has a very limited knowledge about macroeconomics . 
  i clearly stated that cartels will eventually form . 
  nevertheless it 's the national and supranational organisations ' job to prevent this from happening and sanction whoever does not comply with the law . 
  and this is not some kind of fairy tale , this actually happens weekly : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-4829_en.htm http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-2583_en.htm only part of our highways were built with public fundings , a great deal of them were actually cofounded by privates such as the benetton family . 
  yeah if we reason with this logic why even bother working when you can steal other people 's money right ? 
  our society is based on principles such as the fact that high competition lowers the price for consumers , of course sometimes antitrust cases show up , but that 's not the norm . 
  i used live outside of bologna and i very rarely got my ticket checked in the morning while i always did in the afternoon . 
  i think there 's a strategy behind this ( something like : let 's not bother workers that wake up at 6 in the morning but fuck everybody else ) and also my route was quite long ( 25 minutes ) . 
  i also think that basic services should not be privatised , but a mixture of both private and public ( as it happens in italy for public healthcare ) can actually turn out to be a great solution . 
  well , there will always be a demand for cheap transportation between town and city and town and town . 
  the private companies will simply invest where the demand is high enough to provide profit , that 's how capitalistic markets work . 
  also one of the reasons that the state can not make enough money out of the regional trains is because their way of checking whether someone has paid the ticket or not is easily avoidable so few people actually buy them . 
  a private company , with a higher investment could solve this issue . 
  technically yes , but practically no . 
  italian regional trains , especially in the south , are often late or simply do n't show up . 
  since from now on there will be private companies competing with the state ones the quality of the service will hopefully raise . 
  he thought it was a religious summer camp . 
  i wonder if isis will be the catalyst for the formation of a single eu army . 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  yeah and that 's why you should n't use it to not accept refugees . 
  nobody will attack poland , it 's irrelevant from every point of view . 
  which consequently has shrunk too . 
  i thought the average person could understand this , but it seems like i 'm wrong . 
  it becomes a measure about how well the average citizen is doing when you divide it by the population . 
  neither saudi arabia nor norway 's population has shrunk recently . 
  you 're grasping at straws really . 
  their growth rate went down by 9.35 % and 18.7 % in the last quartile respectively . 
  oh oh so because your parents lived through that it means that i ca n't know more about it than you ? 
  you must be a special kind of idiot . 
  i mean , i 'm italian and i do n't know how to bake a pizza . 
  please do n't change topic , you said that russian economy is shrinking without any global economic crisis and you are wrong for every country that relies on oil production ( even norway and saudi arabia ) has seen their economies shrink and all the brics are doing pretty bad financially . 
  if now you want to discuss about the reasons why the russian federation ca n't keep up with the g7 countries then that it 's something else . 
  did i fucking stutter ? 
  i did n't say per capita . 
  yes it was a semi-communist society and that had its implications . 
  yes , the average person was much poorer that the us but at the same unemployment and homelessness were pretty much non-existent . 
  ( you 're from latvia and that does n't mean shit ) . 
  dude why are you talking out of your arse ? 
  the oil and gas ( 2 things that the russian economy totally relies on ) price more than halved in the last few months . 
  wtf you mean it started worse off ? 
  soviet russia 's gdp was second only to the us , post soviet russia gdp was even lower than ours . 
  you 're generally right , but the main reason why the tsarist monarchy fell is because the army itself rebelled against the state and because a lot of the men that came back from the front brought their rifles with them . 
  it 's almost impossible to have a revolution that does n't end in a long civil war if the army is still on its feet . 
  edit : a word, 
  '' what would murica do ? '', 
  well no shit sherlock , could you name a g7 country that has not been a major player in the oil industry ? 
  and the us is n't simply in the game , it created it and it 's its major player . 
  he tried to show an obvious and at the same time pointless correlation between the recent tories political actions and great britain 's efforts in trying to control persia 's oil production . 
  which btw is the same thing that the us has tried and failed to do in the 70s . 
  i 'm like 53 % sure that the us became independent before the invention of the combustion engine . 
  ... says the american ? 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the empire fell in 476 a.d. but what it accomplished never will . 
  i do not doubt that , nevertheless the way the title was written is misleading and this community fell for it without even reading the damn article . 
  yes i know the military is often the objective of terrorist attacks . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  nonetheless this story is getting blown out of proportions by this community .
