  are you mentally challenged ? 
  they 're trying to create a plan that will evitate that more people risk their lives coming to europe . 
  like controlling lbya 's southern and sea borders or help assad control again syria . 
  these are just ideas i read , nobody actually knows what they 're gon na do yet . 
  yes , and also the op 's data might include people that are not necessarily fat , like gym rats . 
  quick , someone gives this man a nobel prize !, 
  nope , palestinians are the people living in the sovereign state of palestine . 
  i studied international relations so i have some knowledge about the situation . 
  well said , they are a tiny country surrounded by dozens of countries that have a totally different culture from them , so who 's in the wrong place here ? 
  well , if a small group of people were to settle on my land and create a religious state , then kick-out people from their houses i would probably start a guerrilla warfare against them too . 
  you know that israel purposely bombed un schools , hospitals and shelters , right ? 
  i highly doubt the un tries to hide and help terrorists . 
  http://www.commondreams.org/news/2014/07/30/world-stands-disgraced-israel-bombs-another-un-designated-shelter-gaza https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/israel-presses-attack-16-killed-at-un-school/2014/07/30/4a643588-17a5-11e4-85b6-c1451e622637_story.html, 
  in all honestly i agree on their description of finland , but then again i 'm not a refugee so it 's okay . 
  but still , the difference is huge . 
  and i wonder why the data is so different from this one : http://dissidentvoice.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/unnamed2.jpg op can we get a source ? 
  word, 
  on finding the lost city of atlantis . 
  cooperate on solving the crisis dude ... 
  cooperate . 
  surely not sexist , xenophobic and ignorant . 
  i have a fence around my garden , some people do n't have fences around their gardens , does this mean it 's a great fence ? 
  which i agree is an extremely great feature . 
  * its, 
  their '' trials '' ? 
  they still trying to figure out how to solve it , they have n't even started . 
  doing it yourselves ? 
  junker just announced that hundreds and hundreds of billion of euros are going to be spent to solve the crisis . 
  but anyways , my country has been afflicted by the crisis as much , if not worse , than yours , but putting up a fence wo n't change anything if not putting people 's life at risk . 
  no i mean literally , you and your mentality are a joke , it 's hard to think that a person from a developed country would still have this kind of ideas . 
  because you 're the joke . 
  they 're trying to , but with so many stubborn governments such as yours trying to not make the boat sink by throwing water out of it instead of trying to close the holes we 're never gon na make it . 
  ignorance , sexism and xenophobia , are you my southern cousin sergio by any chance ? 
  '' if you tell the teacher i stole your snack you 're a loser '', 
  it 's just that it was a racist unprovoked insult . 
  what a nice middle school mentality right there . 
  there 's a reason . 
  hungary is part of the eu ai n't it ? 
  how come ? 
  the two things that this whole thread is about : the fence and the refugee crisis . 
  maybe it will take a year , maybe five but it will be solved and you 'll have a big monument to stupidity . 
  the thing is , you wo n't solve this problem by building more and bigger fences , but by acting directly or indirectly to stabilise the countries where refugees come from . 
  no shit !, 
  there 's a black spot on your italian flag . 
  also the colours seem to be fading out , you should consider washing it . 
  i really really really doubt syrians are gon na even get close to do such atrocities to hungarians as israelis did to palestinians . 
  as i already said , it 's a permanent solution to a temporary problem . 
  uomo your flag is dirty . 
  i just think that a long-term solution for a temporary problem is stupid . 
  there 's absolutely nothing great about it . 
  i already answered with '' very '' as in '' they 're very comparable '' , and they are for both of them are happening now and both of them can be viewed from two or more different prospectives . 
  i have n't even mentioned any kind of fence . 
  that 's constantinople , not rome ... but anyways i know the empire fell , but its heritage never will . 
  very , from the berlin wall to the israeli west bank barrier , walls dehumanise people on both sides in different ways . 
  exactly , and putin is just protecting russian citizens in a dangerous ukraine , a country that was part of russia for centuries and to which hold many cultural and economical ties . 
  you can make any event in history sound logical and sound . 
  the article you linked in the other comment does n't say anything about cops giving refugees tickets , and also they asked for asylum in germany , not in italy . 
  punish people for not respect laws that were decided and accepted together , how crazy is that !, 
  what a solid man , respecting the laws and common decisions only when they suit you . 
  the exception that proves the rule . 
  looking at how many fat people there are in the uk it seems that nobody runs really . 
  yeah you should be sorry , because you 're talking bs : 48 % of all of the migrants are syrian , who are fleeing from civil war and there is also a certain percentage of libyans and iraqis who are also fleeing civil war . 
  dude , do n't change the subject of the conversation , either tell me where the video says that or shut the fuck up . 
  i was on my phone and could n't look at the precise data , but just for you : hungary has .20 % of the world 's wealth while having only .17 % of the population , it also has a very high hdi . 
  not really , i mean , italians , spanish , portuguese , greek , cyprians and maybe also the french are probably culturally and ethnically closer to syrians and maghrebis than to ukrainians and poles . 
  the fact that some of the slavs are in the eu does n't mean we 're the same . 
  would you call me brother if i were to move permanently to your country and live there for several years ? 
  why/why not ? 
  anyways , it 's impossible to have functional european union without decrease the singular power of our governments . 
  what minute ? 
  this already happens with the second generation indians in the uk , turkish in germany and algerians in france . 
  so , even if of course things wo n't go smoothly generally the integration will go well . 
  what you said is true , but people under 35 years old , like me , are happy to call french , hungarians and most europeans brothers . 
  it never claimed that , what are you talking about ? 
  it probably focuses on syrians because we have more clear data since they 're the biggest group of people coming from a single country at the moment . 
  shall the best race prevail then . 
  yes , i totally agree this situation is indeed dreadful and it ca n't continue like this . 
  but i believe is temporary , the eu is probably coming up with something already . 
  but in this brief ( brief compared to history itself ) moment we can show what the eu is really about and what we stand for while saving many people that we 'll call brothers in a decade . 
  edit : i realise now how saccharine that sounds , sorry . 
  not quite . 
  let 's both put some thought into this : we 're literally the richest state ( group of countries ) in the whole world , so yes we 're rich , literally the richest ( yurop ! ) . 
  so , if we do n't share an incredibly small quantity of our wealth in rescuing people dying on our soil we 're either xenophobic ( we 're scared of what an alien entity could do to us ) or cowards ( politicians that do n't have the guts to go against the group of xenophobics in their countries ) . 
  yeaaah you debunked it badly by just saying that the us is not exactly the same as europe . 
  but yes , literally , they put their sources in . 
  the . 
  description . 
  do you want me to point at it with some spaghetti so you can see it too ? 
  literally . 
  not you turkey , you 're doing more than you should have . 
  it wo n't stop but it would halve and we would have more resources to spend on figuring and carrying out how to stop the migrants from leaving libya . 
  they 're looking for the most stable country after leaving an extremely unstable one , you ca n't really blame them . 
  also germany has the largest populations and areas in the eu . 
  we shall . 
  should we let them die in the mediterranean ? 
  anyways , the title of the video clearly states the topic is the refugee crisis and syria . 
  nice ninja edit , like i would n't notice it . 
  before you did n't include '' unsourced '' , but anyways they are sourced just check the description . 
  what was written before you edited your comment was something like : '' ... citizenship you can compare the situation '' that does n't make any sense . 
  also after editing it it does n't make sense , probably what you wanted to say was '' ... you ca n't compare the two situations at all '' .
