  if you 're referring to the russian promotion of far-right wing parties i say that the problem lies within the european people . 
   it simply means if they had to write a list , terrorism would be at the top . 
  which is mental , it 's like saying my biggest concern as a person living in the sahara desert right now is being killed by a lightning . 
   external threats , the only other major threat europe faces is russia , would that have been better if it was at the top of the list ? 
  no , because there is no scenario in which russia invading any eu country results in a positive payoff for the former . 
  no rational player in this game would go for the '' let 's declare war '' choice . 
  but anyways , there is a number of other issues which can and do truly affect us , and which we can do something about . 
  such as global warming , the eu identity crisis , illegitimate government surveillance , how to handle syrian and sub-saharan refugees coming to our shores , ageing population , etc. . . 
  which are all much more important than fucking terrorism . 
  those fucking dutch burglars . 
  they stole a friend 's of mine pc . 
  i read the eurostat published a survey a few months ago where the biggest concern for the average european was terrorist attacks . 
  which is retarded . 
  the rafales is actually a much better performing jet than the f35 . 
  but mostly because buying such an expensive piece of technology from a neighbour and close trade partner would bring some money back in the country indirectly . 
  also it would further develop military cooperation between the two countries . 
  we 'd be the only army that could kick your ass by itself , it 's a clear geopolitical disadvantage . 
  well , this is definitely the worst decade for such a proposal . 
  if people are not willing to give up 1 % of their salary for something which clearly benefits everybody , i do n't see how giving up the main symbol of sovereignty can be accepted . 
  furthermore , the idea of this gigantic army is feared by many imo . 
  first of all by competing world powers ( mainly the us , russia , china ) . 
  second of all by arms producers : many european ones will disappear ( we will need only 1-2 models of tank , fighter jet , standard rifle , etc. . . ) but mostly , if countries that were at each other 's throat for thousands of years can collaborate on such a level , why not ( or better , when ) everybody else ? 
  the arms industry would virtually disappear and world peace ensue . 
  however , the benefits are undeniable . 
  we 'd be the second army in the world by budget and the first by manpower , probably even the most effective since during international drills the europeans tend to dominate . 
  we 'd also take away a strain on the economy since due to increasing returns to scale we 'd have to spend much less than we do now ( having 28 different armies is incredibly inefficient for obvious reasons ) . 
  i truly believe european leaders should wait for or even create a casus belli and seize the moment \u00e0 la unification of germany during the franco-prussian war . 
  is the terrorist threat that casus belli ? 
  i doubt it . 
  nah i read somewhere we train together more than with anybody else . 
  it was also remarked by junker i think when talking about a united eu army . 
  definitely illuminati . 
  we recently bought 90 f35 , which is idiotic , we should have bought rafales . 
  true that !, 
  i went camping in karelia and it was alle . 
  the chicks are also a big plus . 
  and this is yours . 
  and that 's how we got us out of it . 
  i know exactly what i said . 
  it 's multilayered banter . 
  we 've got 11 more attack helicopters than you do !, 
  i actually discovered we 're each other 's closest military ally . 
  so , we switch sides and you surrender ? 
  yes but this must have some diplomatic costs . 
  i mean we like the swiss as much as the next person who hates the swiss , but it 's not like we 're gon na fly our useless expensive fighters for nothing . 
  - '' get you copulating donkey out there and do n't to be a fitta '' - '' excuse me sir ? '', 
  fair enough . 
  i live in a 0.4 million city , bologna , and there is much more to see , eat , and do . 
  yes but what if the soldiers literally do not understand the orders ? 
  really ? 
  does one have to speak swedish ? 
   the issue arose on monday when a hijacked ethiopian airlines passenger plane landed in geneva at about 6am without the intervention of the swiss air force . 
  while italian and french military aircraft were scrambled to accompany the plane , switzerland was not able to deploy any jets because the air force 's offices were closed . 
  mfw your air force is so bad it makes the italian and french armies look efficient . 
  i was there with a local but there was still very little to do and see . 
  going to tallinn after having visited saint petersburg was very disappointing indeed . 
  really ? 
  it looks as such . 
  that artificial bay , not the pic . 
  do n't wan na be that guy , but it 's mostly due to an increase in exports due to the depreciated euro ( it 's almost at par with the dollar ) and for the fact that december is always the month with the highest consumption . 
  real growth is average . 
  i mean , what is it meant for, 
  yeah but why ? 
   while the rest of europe knows you 're just like the rest my many sexual experiences tell me europeans like to think differently . 
   china is much more relevant globally than canada . 
  as is brazil if compared to portugal . 
  i mean , it might have some far-fetched connections with immigration , but we know more about brazil than indonesian simply because their culture descend from the european one and they speak a latin language . 
  which is very different from how most countries in europe originated huh ? 
  several centuries of seductive superiority are not easy to forget . 
  i believe it 's because we grow up in a more competitive environment : the hot girls are few , they will never make the first move , if you bang a fat/ugly chick you 'll be ostracised by everybody else , and all the guys are constantly trying as hard as they can . 
  you either adapt or find yourself jerking off a lot . 
  while you guys are more chill about it , if it happens it happens . 
  which makes girls more adventurous . 
  which is amazing . 
  how do you know my fetish ? 
  yeah sure , remind me where rodolfo valentino and casanova where from . 
  huh , do you like having sex with inanimate objects ? 
  because that what italian girls are like . 
  from my experience scandinavians do their part ( except for the danish , dunno why ) . 
  there is little to no immigration from italy to china , but we know much more about china than canada . 
  it 's about relevance . 
  i mean , if you puking on the girl that just blew me in the restroom because you 're too drunk is '' doing well '' . 
  scarcity defines what we value . 
  edit : a ` right a ` right '' scarcity and quality '', 
  another balkan war , that 's what this sub needed . 
  do n't mind us while we grab albania . 
  i meant italian southeners . 
   other bigger universities there are people from all over europe so basically like every other uni in the continent ? 
  yeah and the norwegians look like slavs . 
  in wartime every hole is a trench . 
  also , mostly poor southeners go to spain . 
  that 's just animosity and propaganda . 
  no , we 're the apex mediterranean predator . 
  as if we 'd waste any moment of our day worrying about what the insignificant european mexicans think about us . 
  they do . 
  i know right !, 
  northeners just assume we 're better lovers even tho i do n't know wtf i 'm doing . 
   anglo-american type guys always do really well bahahahahaah, 
  oh that 's our stereotype of spanish women !, 
  food chain i guess .
