  on this new coin also africa and some other land is included . 
  does it mean we 're planning on annexing this continent too ? 
  i know right !, 
  let 's do it again !, 
  i lived in england and i 'm italian , of course i 'm obsessed with both of them . 
  also add that the uk has the highest obesity rate in europe after hungary and that british girls tend to wear 3-4 layers of make up , making even the good looking ones look like white trash . 
  i believe it 's not germans who set the export fees , but the eu . 
  they will still export them . 
  but at prices that make it nearly impossible for the average briton to buy them . 
  take a look at italy 's economy from 90s 'til today . 
  it would very probably still prosper outside the eu , but the quality of life would probably drop . 
  shit quality products would flood your market , like for instance having to buy fords instead mercedes . 
  you would n't have anymore an inflow of highly skilled and educated workers coming from developed countries such as italy or germany . 
  but germany , for example , would rather not risk losing spain and italy for example than gaining the uk . 
  yeah as there are many more countries outside the eu that have weakass economies . 
  i 'm not saying that the union guarantees prosperity , but it did from the years following the end of wwii until few years ago . 
  we ca n't expect things to always go perfectly . 
  no , the eu wo n't let you have a free trade agreement . 
  simply because then many other countries would do the same thing . 
  if anything the european union is going to put a sort of embargo on the island . 
  norway has shitons of oil , you do n't . 
  well , british food and girls utterly repulse us but you do n't see us complaining . 
  kinda ... 
  i mean , what can they give us except shitty food and ugly women ? 
  exactly , let 's gather some poor slovenians . 
  dude you trippin ', 
  thank god it is . 
  dude , i 've been going there since i was little , people speak italian . 
  yeah , they used sardinian dialect as if it was an actual spoken language , which it is n't the case anymore . 
  yeah exactly , i mean at least mexico is somewhat relevant . 
  estonia is irrelevant even at european level . 
  ( jkofcourse ), 
  a'right mate , then we should not stop a single immigrant from coming into the uk for you guys totally destabilised iraq by destroying the foundations of a society there with war . 
  can you see now how important it is to always help each other when we 're in need ? 
  i do n't think people , especially politicians , realise what the eu is . 
  let me explain it very clearly : you must respect all the rules , not just the ones that are useful for you . 
  otherwise the whole thing lose credibility . 
  if someone is in need we help them , because they indirectly or directly helped before and/or will in the future , even just by letting us trade with them and travel there . 
  edit : words . 
  make ma bretagne greate, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there 's no european average in that link , and anyways the 4 countries with the largest populations are in front . 
  well , it 's true . 
  maybe because the average american has a much lower iq than the average european ... just sayin ', 
  saturnalis . 
  i 'm relevant !, 
  this is the first time i hear that word used that way, 
  exactly , that 's not humane and that 's not how europe does things . 
  we ca n't bring them back to libya because they do n't have any documents to prove it . 
  but most importantly , they 're humans for fuck 's sake , not cattle . 
  i do n't . 
  are you joking ? 
  you must be joking . 
  italy rescues most of the immigrants in the mediterranean and then takes care of them on its own , while the rest of europe screams '' it 's your fucking problem '' . 
  if then they want to go to the north what italy should say is '' now it 's your fucking problem '' . 
  there is one , it 's called lampedusa . 
  being part of the eu does n't just give you rights , but also obligations . 
  you ca n't just chose the one you like the best . 
  well we 're not neighbours , the eu is a family and we 're all living under the same roof . 
  when you 're in england and you must eat something . 
  you know who really likes poutine ? 
  russians . 
  oh , ukraine had a lot of poutine !, 
  oh not at all , our women are pretty cheap . 
  so cheap you can fuck them for free sometimes !, 
  you guys really did n't learn the lesson did ya, 
  like british food !, 
  where all this positivity come from ? 
  you 're broke ( jk of course italy is in deep shit as well ), 
  yeah sure , and if you could also transform lead into gold . 
  which is true . 
  yeah because one wants to leave greece to go to a place full of greeks . 
  i simply do n't think most gay couples can build a sustainable family in our country in this time period . 
  also , from personal experience , i lived in a gay family in the us and it was a big mess . 
  what you hear from post people is something on the line '' we do n't care what you do at home , just do n't do it in public '' . 
  so people care very little if gay couples get married , but they have issues with them adopting children . 
  which i have too for a number or reasons . 
  edit : also , gay marriage was firstly legalised in genoa hundreds of years ago . 
  in italy ? 
  yeah sure ... at least not as long as we have a the vatican . 
  mississippi might be more progressive than my country ( which is not because that decision was imposed on them ) but that does n't make my or any other country shitty . 
  it sounds a lot like when stalin was fomenting communism in britain in the 20s/30s . 
  it did n't work at all . 
  that is a primitive black and white kind of thinking right there . 
  we may not like this specific eu proposal so ... we , a funding member , should give everything up and leave the union ? 
  the original final goal of the eu was never clear , but it surely was n't about abandoning our independence . 
  yeah but you can see how it 's not balanced . 
  you 're giving something little and at the same time risking to lose everything . 
  for instance , we do n't want to be out of the eu , but we certainly do n't want the euro . 
  sovereignty sharing . 
  that 's a nice way of putting a definitive loss of sovereignty . 
  edit : grammar . 
  it was n't really bombed , you guys were stupid enough to store all your gunpowder inside . 
  and that 's why the parthenon does n't have a ceiling anymore . 
  i can only see some tree roots and water . 
  that species of snake is very common in europe , it 's probably not from the zoo . 
  do n't worry guys , we 're on your side ... until the end !, 
  well , call me old-fashioned , but my mom 's tagliatelle al rag\u00f9 taste way better and are good for you . 
  is n't that the old prussian border ? 
  i 'd agree , but you got ta consider that during the last general elections not even half of the european population turned up .
