  the choice was basically between those two . 
  again , italo-americans are completely different from actual italians . 
  hmm ... he 's never really put much effort in being white ? 
  it will definitely cost more than that . 
  that 's actually a much more fitting description . 
  if you 're asked to choose between two options it does n't mean that you love one option , but that you prefer it over the other . 
  she 's missing the mustache . 
  comparing italo-americans and italians is like comparing shit and chocolate ( up to you to decide which is which ) , the only thing they have in common is that they are both made mostly of c. 
  this whole post is bullshit . 
  basically they asked - '' would you rather eat 1kg of shit or drink 5 litres of piss ? '', 
  - '' i guess the piss , but ... '' - '' breaking news : russians love drinking piss !!! '', 
  you 'd be surprised how many people still love mussolini in italy . 
  mostly old people that lived through the fascist period , their sons , and rich brats . 
  no i do n't know what 's going on here tbh , please explain . 
  i actually agree with him that many similarities can be drawn from the repression done by the israelis toward the palestinians . 
  and anyways , bibi constantly compares any situation to the one that the jews experiences during wwii , '' screaming nazi '' is not new to this game . 
  was, 
  have n't you read the sign ? 
  no americas . 
  surprised it all ended so well . 
  he said that the palestinians are treated in a similar way as jews were by nazis . 
  everybody knows that the palestinians are living in terrible life conditions , but comparing them to such strong historical event it creates strong reactions and the comparison is , in my opinion , fitting . 
  he is still a member of the parliament and a muslim . 
  leaving aside the armed attacks ( which both parties do ) for a second , israel is literally taking people out of their houses , destroying such houses , and building settlements for israelis there . 
  israel has also been claiming more land that does not belong to it decade after decade ( a kind of behaviour that seemed to be seen by the west as very bad , so to say , when russia did it ) . 
  this has nothing to do with '' bending over the arab cock '' . 
  also , i just noticed you totally ignored my question and thus the main topic . 
  the israeli politicians ( both jew and muslim for what matters ) . 
  how can you makes such a claim ? 
  is it based on something else except for your personal intuition and bias ? 
  and anyways , why are you all trying so forcibly to stir the discourse to the bullshit argument '' if you do n't accept what israel does you 're anti-semitic !! 1 !! '', 
  instead of discussing about the topic that the minister brought up , which are the multiple large scale human right violations done by a sovereign state ? 
  and that is the best way to respond to terrorist attacks . 
  by keep living our lives as if nothing happened . 
  how is denouncing the actions of a government that kills and deprive people from their homes considered anti-semitism ? 
  i 'm not sure 'cause these might just be literal translations from american movies but : '' sissignore '' : '' yes sir '' '' nossignore '' : '' no sir '' '' affermativo '' : '' affirmative '' '' negativo '' : '' negative '', 
  not again ... 
  just think about a population of 30 million people of which mostly majored in islamic studies ( i 'm not even kidding ) and depends almost totally on the state for their financial support falling into chaos because of the west . 
  says one that comes from '' finland '' . 
  or should i say eastern sweden ? 
  yeah many of the pictures are meh . 
  rome is real . 
  because the americans told you to do so ? 
  well you 're proposing killing half of the muslim population because they 're not the '' right kind of muslim '' . 
  you really think half of the muslims are radical ? 
  well you know what true free market and true capitalism also involve ? 
  the absence of countries . 
  countries allow for market differentiation ( thus price discrimination of first , second and third degree and a general loss of consumer surplus ) . 
  as we do n't allow for cartels and monopolists to live off the workers backs we should n't allow for countries to live off others ' . 
  yeah we do n't have to come to this point , just the possibility of that happening should make them act accordingly . 
  why was belgium ? 
  because they do n't make much distinction between a country and the other as long as it 's close enough to make the other ones shiver . 
  the movement began in the countries that were attacked , mostly in iraq , the idea itself was transferred to the muslims living in europe that already had bad living conditions . 
  the imposition of sharia law is just a reaction to the imposition ( direct and indirect ) of western customs on them . 
  but mine was just an example , i did n't want to start a pointless conversation about terrorism and its roots . 
  they secured crimea , there were already several russian military bases in crimea , and by agreements made before the collapse of the soviet union about the possibility of annexation of crimea if necessary . 
  well say what you want but picturing the swiss living better off with money that could be used by our government pisses me off . 
  we 're not interfering directly with swiss domestic policies , we would just decide to stop selling shit to them . 
  that was done by the russians , the fascists and nazis killed a relatively small number of political dissidents . 
  i 'm not defending it , i expressively distanced myself from those actions and i never in anyway said that i 'd prefer an europe ruled by nazis . 
  the majority of people of several country approved parties doing the crimes you 're repudiating right now , so following the masses is often not the right choice . 
  i disagree , we tend to dehumanise every single one of our enemies and that only makes things worse . 
  we need to understand what moved them so we wo n't make the same mistakes . 
  for instance , terrorists do n't attack us because they were born hating the west , they do it because we spent the last 16 years bombing the shit out of them so we could control their oil production . 
  you forgot how we sanctioned russia ? 
  they did n't do anything wrong relatively to agreements between ukraine and russia . 
  hahaha if the eu was to be expelled from the wto ( or any other org . 
  for what matters ) the former would lose most of its legitimacy . 
  anyways , pressuring switzerland to stop these , not illicit but surely unfair , practices would be incredibly feasible . 
  it is a tiny country , and switzerland is completely surrounded by member states ( except lichtenstein , and i doubt it can fly in any product in a quantity sufficient to supply the residual demand caused by a blockage . 
  how many deputies do you have in iceland ? 
  i feel like any number about 100 would consist of a large percentage of the population . 
  again , in our today opinions . 
  in some american states '' monsters '' are legally murdered every month , yet americans look at themselves as the light of justice in the mayhem that is the world . 
  i 'm not saying that concentration camps are the same thing as capital punishment , nor that killing people with different political ideas is in any way right , but if you grew up in a world where people that try to jeopardise the stability of your state and thus the wellbeing of its citizens are executed every month you 'd probably see it too as a necessity and a rightful action . 
  still , politicians get under investigation constantly ( at least in italy ) . 
  if then they are really punished that 's something else . 
  is n't the judicial system independent from the legal one ? 
  the eu should sanction switzerland . 
  it 's a lot of free money they do n't need anyways . 
  selling something we do n't own to the french . 
  i call that a success . 
  we sold you . 
  shut up you genovese province . 
  it 's an english-based sub , please keep the conversation in that language . 
  yeah go on , show a bit more how full of shit you are . 
  yes ? 
  life expectancy , cost of healthcare per person , annual increase in life expectancy , it 's not a perfect model but i 'd say that if people live more every year and the cost of increasing one 's lifespan is small then i 'd say that those factors are a good measure of how efficient a certain healthcare system is . 
  what is the porpuse of hospitals and doctors if not that of preventing people from dying ? 
  anyways the result are pretty consistent with those of the who made in the year 2000 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_health_organization_ranking_of_health_systems_in_2000 i see that now that i showed how much you bullshit just for the sake of bullshitting you feel the need of attacking me . 
  that 's a comprehensible behavior if you were a 6 years old . 
  it would actually be very fitting . 
  german women and wine are basically everything an italian needs in order to have a fullfilling existance . 
  you just mentioned the corruption factor , i can not extrapolate what you really meant . 
  i dunno dude , it 's really of bad taste shitting over someone 's country on a sub based on that country for people from that country . 
  i do n't see the point of it really . 
  because you really think being '' ready to die '' is part of ours ? 
  haha, 
  yeah i know . 
  i was explaining how saying that a country is a third world one just because is of how corrupted it is is stupid .
