  but it surely is extremely more feasible than just a few countries as it is happening now . 
  germoney , not again !, 
  yeah guys , let 's get our pitchforks out and yell '' in varietate concordia '' !, 
  wtf is the web arrest ? 
  aol ? 
  i never called you retarded , i asked if you were one and you just showed me you are . 
  now you insult my mom , that 's some 3rd grade kind of behaviour right here . 
  even your last sentence does n't make any sense . 
  instead of saying how i need to learn some history , give me some sources for your last statement . 
  yeah the salary is very low even for our standards , but also the cost of life there is very low . 
  you may wan na consider getting a part time job as a private english teacher ( just put some small ad on a local website ) . 
  or just contact the local high school and they might be able to help you with that . 
  there 's a reason behind it , i studied it in high school , pretty much during winter the volume of the metal in the cables decreases a lot , while in the summer it heats up and their volume increases . 
  so basically they need to be sagging so they do n't break . 
  dude , are you mentally retarded , you literally just have to google '' gdp per capita liguria '' . 
  until 212 a.c. only people living in the italian peninsula were considered roman citizens , meaning that actually italians were romans for a long time . 
  and , yes , we were invaded by some tribes ( no italian region was ever invaded by neither swabians nor ottomans ) , as pretty much every region in europe , does this mean , for instance , that the germans do n't descend from the germanic people ? 
  here 's a euro , go buy me a fuck 'cause i do n't have any to give , you underdeveloped southener . 
  yeah , he seems to be indeed a very controversial scientist . 
  we consider that south . 
  that website was literally the first result i found when i looked for the words '' iq countries '' a few weeks ago . 
  the researchers are listed ( richard lynn , tatu vanhanen and jelte wicherts ) and the fact that you never heard of them does n't mean shit tbh . 
  the pisa and the piaac asses education and workplace skills that have not much to do with overall intelligence . 
  the map has been going around the internet for a while , and since south korea 's gdp is growing very fast and italy 's is ( was ) decreasing it 's very possible that the map is now slightly inaccurate . 
  again , i was n't trying to write an academic paper . 
  hahahaha nah not at all . 
  i just thought they were some pretty interesting facts and i wanted to share them . 
  i do n't have problems with immigrants and i do love the the ideas at the core of the eu . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  let 's just wait a few years and they 'll crumble like a sandcastle on the beach . 
  then we should set them on fire and let them burn for eternity . 
  yeah , i should have checked before posting it , my bad . 
  so , someone took the gdp of every single italian region , he then divided it by the inhabitants of each region ( finding the gdp per person ) . 
  then he found the gdp per person of the country closest to the gdp per person of each region . 
  finally he filled out the map with the flags of the countries that have the most similar gdp per person to the regions . 
  important stuff that were left out : the mighty roman empire was so big and lasted for so long that its influence is still alive today http://i.imgur.com/lhocqtt.jpg we 've invented a lot of important shit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_italian_inventions there 's is a great difference between the south and the north : the south is poor and corrupted as fuck , the north is rich and hardworking . 
  here 's a picture of the gdp per person of each region compared to other countries : http://i.imgur.com/eof8zxg.png about corruption : http://imgur.com/r/monarchism/vfwwo we 're among some of the slimmest people in europe even though we eat a lot : http://imgur.com/alyrvwq some beautiful shit http://imgur.com/gallery/hm45n https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_world_heritage_sites_in_italy edit1 : we also love enclaves , in fact we have 2 : the vatican city http://imgur.com/gallery/tqnbj69 and san marino ( the oldest republic in the world ) http://i.imgur.com/vjvsolv.jpg edit2 : apparently we 're also the most intelligent nation in the west ( implying having a high iq actually means you 're intelligent ) : http://www.photius.com/rankings/national_iq_scores_country_ranks.html, 
  yes but it was the same , that 's the opposite of the point you were making . 
  dude , they 're much more similar for example than danish and norwegian . 
  corsican is literally an italo-dalmatian language . 
  no , they spoke a slightly different version of italian . 
  we can still understand what a corsican is saying when he speaks . 
  nah , not at all . 
  actually the italian influence was so strong that the corsican dialect is intelligible for us . 
  also all the names were , and some still are italian ( e.g. 
  bonaparte , ir\u00e8ne bordoni ) . 
  sauce ? 
  they were at the time . 
  we gave you those things , you should be at least grateful !, 
  ouch that was hard , like if someone cut my hands off ... you 're an ex colony of ours , you should be nicer !, 
  but '' the earliest written reference to the bidet is in 1710 in italy '' . 
  15 months exactly , but if now france was to be conquered by , let 's say , china , people would still speak french and be french , would n't they . 
  yes , yes italian food is great . 
  but lil ' belgium is easy to invade . 
  had a couple of french girlfriends . 
  not because of the belgians , you shortcut-to-paris-country people . 
  not at all , you did n't include how you guys still fuck and marry your cousins , have always a dirty asshole ( you do n't know what a bidet is ) , how you were a colony of the majestic romans for more than 500 years and that 's where most of your language and culture comes from or even how french girls go to sleep with their hair wet . 
  no it was n't . 
  oh so you guys are generally mentally retarded , fascinating . 
  god , your comment is so dumb i ca n't even comment on it . 
  i got ta admit when someone is right , also scouses ' english is incomprehensible . 
  it also kinda sounded like dutch . 
  does anybody know which statues he smashed ? 
  okay , but the joke might have been funny if the verb could be used in both senses . 
  using it only because we 're talking about a gun it 's just stupid . 
  and if people do n't like americans is also because they often turn out to be idiots as in this case . 
  let 's check the source for this '' article '' ... ukraine today , interesting !, 
  i 'd add '' sadly '' . 
  well , english it 's not actually the official american language . 
  4th grade english is the official language . 
  well , i guess i do , it 's not complicated for anybody who speaks english kinda fluently , which is pretty much everybody on this website . 
  it 's shitty american humour , by now an old catchphrase , that might have been sort of funny the first couple of times i heard it , but not anymore . 
  no , we did get it , it 's just not funny . 
  not for long , right germany ? 
  yes it is the same in italy . 
  it 's weird that all the vegetables come from south america or new zealand . 
  there 's no good british food . 
  i lived in england mate , do n't lie to me . 
  this should be the uk 's motto , at least judging by policies and their obesity rate . 
  yes , i lived in england for a year and it 's crazy how all food has an expiration date so short . 
  i 'm talking about buying something that would expire the next day . 
  well , at least we 're sure they 're not wasting good food . 
  i still do n't know how nobody has torn them off yet . 
  edit : i mean how nobody has torn my money off the pole , the object, 
  mine is on those dirty poles . 
  our father rome would be proud of you !, 
  ooooh damn , i 'm sorry , i love apple juice too . 
  usually when britons talk about cider they mean the alcoholic drink . 
  it 's a overly sweet girl 's beer . 
  calm your tits , it 's not gon na happen, 
  actually people in the north travel much more than people in the south . 
  mostly because they 're poor and if they do travel is because they 're poor and hungry . 
  north : rich , educated , assholes , work a lot . 
  south : dumb , ignorant , poor , basically greece . 
  i can confirm part about liverpool . 
  i lived in liverpool for a year , i got my phone stolen and ended up in many fights not for our fault . 
  lived in brasil for a while , nothing bad happened . 
  mec ... 
  so on the euro paper money there is a map of europe .
