   was avoided mostly thanks to our large internal market . 
  not really , the polish internal market is very small . 
  this is generally true for most european countries , a great part of our gdps are exports . 
  you survived the crisis because of massive previous investments . 
   i actually i grew up in a poor , immigrant family so the state of north carolina funded 100 % of my university expenses to attend north carolina state university through need-based grant . 
  i guess your personal case speaks for the majority of american students . 
   university in north carolina is very affordable . 
  is it $ 2 ' 000 or less a year ? 
  because that 's what we call affordable here . 
   the average person pays sometime like $ 100 to $ 400 a month -- which is about how much the dutch are paying for health insurance monthly . 
  bahahahahha yeah and you also get education for free i guess . 
   that was your statement . 
  it is , as i have shown , untrue . 
  in fact , the median japanese or italian is just above or below the median for the poorest us state . 
  and , to go further , the lowest quintile for the us is about the same as the median for italy . 
  no , you only have shown me that as a whole the us has more money . 
  no shit . 
  not that people have more money . 
   interesting that the last article , from the oecd , actually says that the inequality between highest and lowest income quintiles in italy is larger than in the us . 
  huh no it does n't . 
  and anyways if your gini is so much higher it means that the difference between income groups in the us is also much higher than in italy . 
   now , you are changing your subject , i assume in order to assert some sort of superiority . 
  and , i have lost interest in the conversation , as that sort of nationalism does n't interest me much . 
  no i 'm not , if a large slice of your population is poorer than zimbabweans then it means it 's not that rich . 
   median income ... 
  in economics income and output are the same thing for fuck 's sake . 
   plus our gini is off because the wealth are so freaking wealthy no it 's because you 're freaking poor . 
  the difference between the few at the top and the rest is incredible for a developed country . 
  also your income is higher because you have lower taxes , but at the same time we have better public services such as healthcare . 
  which are free , and thus not included in the declared income . 
   but all that tells you is that the wealth bell curve in the us is wider , not that the centre of the curve is lower . 
  i mentioned the t-curve for specifically for its shape , which as you might know is always the same once we have enough samples . 
  the high number of homeless relative to the total population means that we the curve start increasing earlier than other nations and that has a lower number of people with a developed country-level income . 
   a quick look at the median ( not the average ) income ( ppp adjusted ) pretty clearly shows that more than half the us population is significantly wealthier than either italy or japan . 
  that measurement of income is not adjusted for government transfers . 
  yes , we might have a much lower after-tax income because of high taxes but we also have a free healthcare which is the most efficient in the world and one of the three overall best in the world . 
  this among other things the italian government provides and the american one does n't . 
  do you even understand what the data you provided means ? 
  lem me explain it to you , the total value of products sold in the us divided by the population is higher than the italian one . 
  this does n't mean the average american has more money . 
  in fact if you look up your gini coefficient you 'll see how only a few people in your country own the majority of money ( differently from most european nations which are more socialistic ) . 
  also check out how many homeless people there are in the us and compare it to italy or japan . 
  i 'm not talking about the average output , i 'm talking about the distribution of income . 
  you 're using the ' i have two chickens and you have no chickens ; on average we have a chicken each ' logic . 
  your gini coefficient is much higher than the rest of the developed nations , meaning that all that money is in the hands of very few . 
  also your rate of homelesness is much higher than both italy and japan . 
  like 30-40 times higher . 
  the us has a much higher rate of homelesness than any other country in the world . 
  we 're talking about 20-30 times order of magnitude than italy for instance . 
  following a normal distribution one can easily determine that the average american is actually poorer . 
  also they have an incredibly high gini coefficient for a developed nation , meaning that the vast majority of money they have is held in only one income section : the highest . 
  which does n't really represent the reality of things since more than half of the population in the us is much poorer than the average japanese or italian person . 
  get a room you two !, 
  i could say the same . 
  what ? 
  that 's not a word . 
  with the 2014 values france has a price of 0.59 , while italy 0.27 , that is roughly half , not 1 tenth . 
  pfft if it was n't for us you 'd still be drinking beer and fucking goats . 
  oh c'mon that 's not even a pizza anymore . 
  it might have been . 
  but we are reaping most of the benefits . 
  everything italian you americans cook is ruined . 
  i mean , culturally there is a lot . 
  only because you have more land . 
  we taught you how to grow grapes . 
  you 're not really good at maths , are you ? 
  it 's ` european mexico ' . 
  do you also have sex with your parents ? 
  which is where most of the barbarians come from . 
  we sack their women so i guess it 's fair . 
  oh you two are so cute . 
  perugia makes the best chocolate . 
  :( it 's every single french person that tells me that . 
  but parisians very well could . 
  wooo a fellow maastrichtian on r/europe !, 
  the gdp of the countries you included combined is not even half of italy 's , you could have included san marino and lichtenstein . 
  i mean , emilia-romagna is europe 's motor valley . 
   if you ca n't have a discussion without insulting people , you immature cunt, 
  you used italian in a derogatory way , do n't try to pretend you 're more stupid than you already are . 
  why does this have to be brought up in every single thread . 
  no it does change quite a bit since the ussr did n't go through this change . 
  huh , none ? 
  if my opinion differs from the others ' now i 'm suddenly pushing an agenda ? 
  after having the majority of its male population killed , the vast majority of its cities bombed to rubble , and a westernised type of government and lifestyle imposed on them . 
   you 're far from the truth and the positive democracy-gdp correlation can just barely be called positive . 
  the research you posted has an r squared of 0.35 which is incredibly high given we only have one independent variable . 
  meaning the two variables are strongly correlated . 
   anyway , first of all i never said anything about the resiliency of the russian economy . 
  secondly , no fucking way you 're an economics student . 
  i can literally find no words to describe how i 'm feeling about this quote : `` a nation that can still manage to grow while ... '' . 
  nations are always growing economically , that 's just how the global economic system is built . 
  what you 're supposed to look at is the growth of the economy , and in russia 's case it has definitely halted , and compared to other developed countries it will be subpar for quite some time to come . 
  there are no arguments at all that russia has a good economy . 
  did you write this while having a stroke ? 
  the way a country can handle crises in the medium-run is one of the main indicators of its stability . 
  russia was able not to accumulate debt while the prices of its main exports , oil and gas , went down . 
  if this does n't show that the russian economy is not '' bad '' then come and teach at my uni . 
  also , no , countries do not always grow , read a book . 
   define `` highest '' . 
  i 'm sure you can consult vocabularies online by yourself .
