  a world power is not just defined by its military but also its economy and political and cultural influence . 
  and what does the graph even have to do with what we 're talking about ? 
  today 's russia is too small to be even compared with the us . 
  the ussr did n't have a good economical reputation in the 80s . 
  tell that to most of the african or south american countries . 
  yes , but a lower or higher standard of living is not determined by how much money you earn and spend . 
  it is possible , as it was possible in italy , france , germany and greece in the 70s or in the asian tigers in this same moment . 
  he 's not a dictator , my grandparents grew up when dictators were still alive and well , and trust me , a dictatorship does n't have nearly as much freedom and peace as today 's russia . 
  russians are not stupid people , they understand his faults but they also see all the good he brought to a post-soviet russia . 
  all you said is true , but he implemented many reforms that were not correlated to russia 's natural resources and one could also argue that without a persona such as him all of this would n't have happen , at least not so quickly . 
  i 'm not saying life in the ussr was perfect , i 'm just saying it was the second greatest super power in the world . 
  and that 's a fact . 
  on a side note , the us was , and still is , a war driven economy , much more than the ussr . 
  it was more of a political choice , the ussr could still be a thing if they wanted it to be . 
  who knows , what would have happened , we never saw the rise of turkey after the ottoman empire collapsed , just to citate a more suitable example . 
  the ussr ( which was mainly russia ) was the second greatest economical and military power in the world for more than half a century , if you call that very little . 
  and anyways , even if that was the case , there way more poor people that stay poor than those who become rich . 
  actually their hdi went up a lot . 
  edit : well , give him some credit for hell 's sake , i do n't think all you needed to do that was push a button or his predecessors would have done it . 
  and anyways , a great part of gazprom is still owned by the government . 
  yeah but how 's that for example americans have a higher gdp per capita than the french but their life is much shittier ? 
  like 16 % of the population under the poverty line , a well-spread police brutality , segregation , high suicide rates , high obesity rate , low life expectancy , etc. . . 
  i know it goes against the american dream , but more money does n't always provide a better or happier life . 
  i do n't want to say putin is a great leader or anything , but since he came into power until the ukraine crisis russia 's economy grew by 80 % while in france and italy we 're very happy if it grows by 0.04 % . 
  more precisely , mussolini after he was deposed by the king . 
  putin provides berlusconi with a little of that political leverage that berlusca totally lost . 
  berlusconi provides him with the best bitches , best parties and best food in the world . 
  i can understand why the two are friends . 
  r/europe , home of the ignorant racists . 
  i 'm traveling from strasbourg to berlin atm , so i only have my phone . 
  so like all the people not printing receipts and not paying taxes is part of politics ? 
  of course i 'm not saying that every single greek is lazy , but i 'd say that the general mentality is lazier than western europe . 
  the situation that greek people find themselves in is an example , again , i 'm not saying that greece is fucked up atm because of laziness , i 'm just saying that it is one of the factors . 
  the same happens in the south of italy where it 's very hot throughout the year and it becomes hard to do any kind of job . 
  also , what should i base my ideas if not on academic papers and personal experience ? 
  i went to greece several times , i have plenty of greek friends . 
  yes you do are lazy . 
  i studied greek economy over the last half a century at uni . 
  yes you are definitely corrupt . 
  which is generally true ( coming from a country of lazy corrupted motherfuckers ) . 
  then you should have voted for sweden . 
  swedish people speak english way better than dutch people . 
  i know that it must be hard for an american to believe this , but germany has no real borders . 
  like there 's not even a single cop . 
  i was being sarcastic dude . 
  let 's just kill them all , their culture is so scary and ... and ... they 're brownish !, 
  somebody call the army !, 
  also i 'm sure all refugees know where to register and are 100 % willing to do it . 
  yeah , like all those countries respecting the eu laws by rescuing refugees in european territory . 
  it 's very understandable . 
  it 's not as if cops stop every single black/middle eastern looking person to ask them for their passports , we neither live in a dictatorship nor in the us . 
  are you mentally challenged or just extremely ignorant ? 
  are you mentally challenged or just extremely ignorant ? 
  that 's very naive imo . 
  do you think that the nsa would not do that just because those countries would not grant them access that they really do n't necessitate for them to act ? 
  it seems like you polish people grew a taste for being controlled by foreign powers . 
  no , i 'm telling you , i lived in the us , they do n't know shit about geography , their culture is very limited . 
  i 'd assume that the education level is worse . 
  i know plenty of americans that do n't know where those two countries are . 
  when i went to brazil my brazilian friend 's friends referred to me as '' gringo '' . 
  you 're only making my point stronger , there are many low-paid jobs that nobody is doing . 
  most refugees would happy to do them . 
  you do n't keep in consideration that your definition of low income is very different from theirs . 
  and all your argument is a bit contradictory : they lack entrepreneurial spirit but they traveled thousands of miles in the worse conditions , leaving everything they knew behind them and are willing to travel a thousand more ? 
  i know russians are quite different , but it 's pretty much the same difference between a spanish and italian , any spaniard could integrate very fast in our society and vice versa even though our histories and cultures a different . 
  of course you would n't want that for you , and neither we do , but you must do it because that 's a the base of the european union principles ( and a shitton of rules you agreed on and voted for democratically ) : we help each other when we 're in need , that 's why it 's called a union . 
  fair enough . 
  hahaha you ca n't be so naive , they 're not allowed to do it legally , i recently watched a video saying how it would be much cheaper for them to pay for a plane ticket , but the airline companies do n't accept them because they do n't have a visa . 
  i 'm not saying we should , i 'm wondering why you 're talking about them like cattle , while they 're just like you . 
  hahaha we 're getting into a discussion of byzantine complexity , how interesting !, 
  it undoubtedly evolved directly evolved from ancient roman culture , we have to study roman poetry and learn latin at school , when i walk around my city i see here and there roman constructions and my language is the closest to latin ( right after sardinian ) . 
  but of course i can share more thoughts and ideas and with a today 's german of any age or social class and his knowledge is probably more similar to mine . 
  but if you were to ask me which between the holy roman empire 's culture or the roman empire culture i feel closer to i 'd choose the latter . 
  it does n't say we have to bring people in , but that we can not let die those that are in our waters or land if we can . 
  i 'm quite sure that 's in the european human chart of rights , but i can doublecheck if you want . 
  how exactly are you helping them again ? 
  and anyways , the intake of refugees from eastern european countries is pretty much non if compared to other countries in europe . 
  the fact that it 's too big for you to handle is some bullshit excuse , what do you think that in italy and germany we 're like '' oh yeah , that 's exactly how many immigrants we can handle , not one more '' . 
  your '' foreign population '' is made up of mostly russians that are not that financially and culturally different from the average estonian or latvian , not malnourished africans escaping from famine . 
  your comparison is of autistic level . 
  you 're free to leave , putin would be very happy . 
  except for that wwii-money nonsense you just said , it 's not about owing something to somebody else , it 's about fairness , you signed an agreement , then you should respect it , not chicken out when things get hard . 
  even more if you profited a lot from it . 
  your second thought is very noble and i completely share it . 
  no they are n't . 
  poetry , art , music , history , architecture , language , etc. . . are fundamental part of a region 's culture but have little to nothing to do with one people 's values . 
  and yes , i do consider hundreds of years old recipes part of my culture . 
  here you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:polish-born_people_in_employment_in_the_uk_2003-2010_-_chart_2369a_at_statistics_gov_uk.gif . 
  my point is not that poles do n't work , i 'm sure they are hardworking people , but why is totally acceptable for a polish person to do this ( and for the eu letting them do it ) but not for an african person ? 
  what has that link have anything to do with what we 're talking about . 
  anyways i found this pretty much uknown website called '' wikipedia '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:polish-born_people_in_employment_in_the_uk_2003-2010_-_chart_2369a_at_statistics_gov_uk.gif you can see how after 2004 ( when poland became part of the eu ) hundreds of thousands of poles moved to england , not for war , not for famine , not for terrorism but simply for economic reasons . 
  so how can any polish person blame the immigrants for trying desperately to come to europe ? 
  or the eu for letting them do that ? 
  why can the polish people do it , but the muslims ca n't ? 
  are the polish people superior humans in any way ? 
  i said that you can find the articles and the papers on the internet , all for free . 
  your colleagues are leaving the country because they can find jobs where they 're payed more around europe without needing work permits . 
  why is this possible ? 
  because of the eu . 
  you ca n't blame the rise of taxes on the eu , your national taxes are chosen by your government .
