  no , but you speak german * and you are richer . 
  yeah but you need to give reddit gold . 
  to whom ? 
  when ? 
  right now . 
  said romania ... 
  have you ever heard of refugees coming back to their country after the socio-political situation got better ? 
  it 's the bay of molisent , known for its high fiords . 
  it 's actually because the poles were the main allies of napoleon , but after that the frogeaters forgot about it . 
  nl , but i also lived there . 
  i lived in 4 countries throughout my life and currently not living in italy , i doubt i can get out more . 
  those seem very fitting stereotypes ... for italo-americans . 
  good thing the rest of the world does n't agree with you !, 
  the government is yeah . 
  it actually makes sense , all the shit it at the bottom of the boot . 
  a'right , you never know, 
  what , there 's basically no people and an incredibly large amount of land and resources . 
  that 's why you 're rich after all . 
  i have chairs older than your country in my parlor and more taste in my little finger than in the whole of your large deserted island . 
  apparently only retards . 
  - why is italy shaped like a boot ? 
  - it 's an advertising strategy for selling italian footwear . 
  yes yes , no shit , but for the purpose of my comment '' ocean '' is more meaningful and still appropriate imo . 
  there 's no great difference neither navigation-wise nor weather-wise between the atlantic ocean outside ireland and the north sea south of england . 
  while it 'd be a mistake referring to the mediterranean as an ocean since you can literally cross it with a paddle boat . 
  it 's not really a closed sea like the mediterranean . 
  except for the technical denomination it is the atlantic ocean to all effects . 
  true story , they stopped a fucking ocean . 
  good luck lol, 
  we are . 
  if we were not controlled by the us we 'd embargo that war mongering state we call israel . 
  building settlements shows just a tiny bit of our sentiments toward the people of palestine . 
  nobody is invading the us , i do n't see why it should position its troops and nuclear weapons on another country , a countries which are a few hundreds km from moscow and st. petersburg . 
  russia moved its troops further into clearly unstable and dangerous countries that are located right on its borders , countries that until a couple decades ago were part of russia itself and that were so for hundreds of years . 
  one could argue that these actions were hasty yes , but not aggressive . 
  its part of a defence strategy that russia has been using since the fall of the mongol empire . 
  on the other hand since the end of the cold war ( and before oc ) the us has been engaging and creating conflicts in countries that have nothing to do with it . 
  countries that have such little military and that are so far from the us that posed absolutely no threat to the us . 
  again , let 's try to recognise who 's the criminal here . 
  hahahahaha wtf , russia is shopping for bases ? 
  are you even serious right now ? 
  except for vietnam all russian foreign military bases are located on countries that share a border with russia . 
  what about the us ? 
  every single us military base except for the ones in honduras are positioned in another continent . 
  the us has been enlarging its vast military empire even after the ussr and america agreed on reducing each one 's presence in eastern europe . 
  cuba , nicaragua and venezuela have absolutely no russian bases and there 's not official news of putin wanting so create one . 
  can you fucking read, 
  wtf hahaha the european commission has a multibillion fund that it can use however it wants . 
  it 's a rhetorical question used to prove how op 's point is bullshit . 
  the thing is that we want to help , the great majority of europeans want to . 
  but our international relations are controlled by the us . 
  go live somewhere else like every single other population ever did . 
  about the rest : hahahahhahaahha, 
  yeah dude you 're absolutely right !, 
  i 'm etruscan and i have to say it : fuck those romans , they invaded my country and now i will get support from the us , move all of the dislocated people that recognise themselves as etruscans and create the independent state etruria of !, 
  also its government will be based on our religion , i think we 'll put its symbol on the new flag . 
  the italians ? 
  well we 'll just ask to move or else we 'll bulldoze their houses . 
  thanks for the inspiration !, 
  no wonder , our neighbours in the south had 100 % self-constructed revolutions and got bombed and we had the great idea of blockading a hundred million people economy in the east . 
  when was it doing that again ? 
  all i can remember is a nato expansion that absorbed three major european countries : poland , czech republic and hungary in 1999 , a time when russia was at its most peaceful state . 
  then again in 2004 , the baltic states , bulgaria , romania , slovakia and slovenia ; most of which are in incredibly strategic positions if one wanted to invade russia . 
  the us seriously threatened russia 's integrity , russia responded and the rest of the world pointed its fingers at the victim , not the criminal . 
  these are facts , not conspiracy theories . 
  us officials repeatedly declared of having underestimated the effects of a nato expansion . 
  i believe an american is not in the position of discussing the quality of our politicians nor our shortfalls . 
  so yeah , walk away from a discussion you started . 
  how did that happen, 
  this is recent news . 
  yes yes the us wants the european countries to be military independent so much that it has been building more and more bases all over it . 
  if america did n't have this martial presence it could n't have anymore such a strong political power over the european countries and there would be another federation together with russia stopping the us from doing his dirty business . 
  the italian space program is esa . 
  the national projects are irrelevant if compared to esa 's . 
  we 've been putting more and more money , it 's the us that cut nasa fundings . 
  i think it is because space exploration development has always been close with military development , and we really ca n't put too much effort in developing ours 'cause that would upset uncle sam . 
  of course we can afford it . 
  we 're the richest economy in the world . 
  just clean the piss spot between the blue and red and voil\u00e0 . 
  '' good diet '' is very subjective . 
  i 'm quite sure the notoriety of the quality our olive oil far precedes the 2008 crisis . 
  if the world thinks that ours is the best there must been at least some point in time where the world tried both and said '' damn those parody of an italian that call themselves spanish really suck at making food '' . 
  your just a russian propagandist putinbot !, 
  hahahahaha so that 's why we buy your cheap wine and olive oil , say that is italian and sell it to the muricans , but the opposite does n't happen and never will ? 
  i 'm going to russia this summer , am i gon na live like a king ? 
  jokes aside , all the news i read about the russian economy in the last month point to a sharp recovery . 
  the ruble is even appreciating against most major currencies . 
  '' food '', 
  to be fair , food is basically the only thing we really give a shit about . 
  and food is generally expensive here ( maybe not as much as the uk but definitely more than germany ) . 
  ( if you were wondering the other thing we care about are birds ) . 
  well select the ones they 've been pushing the most . 
  i mentioned right away that less people would participate , but at least the experiment would make some sense . 
  do n't politicians in the us have at least some form of official agenda ? 
  do you just guess what they want to do when elected ? 
  if so that 'd explain a lot . 
  well a more reliable poll imo would have been : these are the 4 main candidates and these are their official polices ( if that 's a thing in the us ) they want to implement once elected ) they want to implement once elected . 
  which candidate do you prefer ? 
  of course the pool would have been much lower but it would also reflect what kind of political views are appreciated in a country rather than which characters . 
  i doubt the general public of other countries is aware of other candidates .
