   half of the people falls , and the other half also . 
  [ have you never seen the commitments ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3paf2tlrgsg ), 
  yes because the dublin accent is nothing but sex to the ears . 
  `` saarry bud , ya do n't have a spaare euuuro ? '', 
  terrible idea . 
  then take a picture if it and overlay the text `` choo choo motherfucker '', 
  can it not be sent to ireland ? 
  i cant see it on the list of countrys !, 
  same , and i 'm a dude . 
  arma 2 combined operations or deus ex human revolution, 
  judge motherfuckin ' dredd because he is the law !, 
  i 'm just after so seeing tdkr so yes please !, 
  i made so much sense i hurt myself, 
   ** the primary effects of mdma include an increased awareness of the senses , feelings of openness , euphoria , empathy , love , happiness , heightened self-awareness , feeling of mental clarity and an increased appreciation of music and movement **, 
  god help any poor soul on this fiendish drug !, 
  it would so much easier if they had a better system for changing camo rather than having to go into weapon customisation , camo , changing camo by going through a load of them to get the one you want and then make sure you press a and not b. 
  that and considering there are only two types of teams , there should be a fuckload more camo variety . 
  does the spec op make you hard to see with thermal ? 
  if you 're on xbox press a not b !, 
  wake islands the worst for me . 
  have you tried the equivalent button for accept on the pc ? 
  oh , never mind then , i 'll just go back to my filthy , inferior console with its four buttons ... 
  and do people not know how to cook rice without them ? 
  personally i just use 1 part rice to just under 2 parts water into , add a bit of salt , put a lid on and when it starts to boil then leave it on a medium heat for around seven to ten minutes . 
  dont leave it on any longer or you 'll burn the rice on the bottom . 
  sitr and let sit for a minute or 2 and your sorted . 
  also if you wrap the lid with a clean tea towel and put it on the pot the rice will be flufffier cause less steam escapes from the it . 
  and the rice is nicer if you leave it steeped in cold water for half an hour or for 3 minutes in hot , i think it removes some of the starch ( the water will be cloudy ) , but you 'll need to use less water when cooking . 
  edit : use a bit less or more water depending on how undercooked or over cooked it is . 
  i 'm a `` 1 part rice 2 parts water with a lid on '' kinda guy my self . 
  but he sold it for $ 50 ... 
  ignore him . 
  if he does n't get what you are talking about even after watching the video and reading that page on ruminating then he 's a lost cause whos comments will probably cause you to overthink !, 
  i 'm not from the us so i 'm confused . 
  why exactly is he in handcuffs ? 
  i do n't know if this belongs here but one aspect i really loved was the use of the haunting music in the world . 
  unlike other games where music is used to accompany a mood or to help set a tone , in dear esther its was very much part of the world , the mind of the narrator and almost had the weight of an actual character who was with you . 
  personally i found that with that weight and beauty it made the silence after each song almost deafing and really hit home that feeling of loneliness and vulnerability making the whole thing that much more poignent . 
  edit : my favourite piece from the soundtrack http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jvw1txu7mk&amp;feature=relmfu, 
  although freedom of is important , it mostly deals with the concept of being able to say what you want because it 's your opinion and you have the right to voice it . 
  however when it comes to writers and creators of games , and any other creative form ( from art to books and tv to music ) the right to express creativity , the ability to make worlds , storys , and even impart emotion into people is a right that needs to be hilighted more . 
  but that argument makes no sense . 
  surely it 's a given that something which is not safe for life is n't appropriate for work either ? 
  edit : although i do prefer to the idea to have nudity or gore in the nsfw tag itself to be clearer . 
  swimming in snatch . 
  also was n't there `` be advised enemy spy plane in the air '' in blops ? 
  a decade usually bleeds into the next for another 2-3 years . 
  think about the early 60 's , 70 's , 80 's and 90 's . 
  people were talking about it in the thread with the pictures from a mall in 1990 . 
  i really love the bloody beetroots - better a dj on 2 turntable even just for the intro, 
  sorry to burst your bubble but it has always been a thing . 
  just because you 've never heard it before does n't mean it is a new thing . 
  read that as ejaculating from a jet . 
  which would be pretty cool too . 
  you a word . 
  well that escalated quickly . . 
  here , man this rocket !, 
  sounds like the big bang theory hiyooo !!!!!! ... 
  i 'll show myself out ... 
  come at me \u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442 , i do n't even know what sobor is . 
  * source : * irishman, 
  what is that from again ? 
  you can only claim half of the it crowd , it has an irish writer plus chris o'dowd !, 
  the american version is more like the bastard child of siblings that should be kept in the attic , never to see the light of day . 
  [ i do n't get it ... ] ( http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2010/7/8/5018679b-8737-4cd2-b77d-885fa13424d6.jpg ), 
  [ get out the lube cause i 'm gon na fuck your mind !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvte1-a6pdo ), 
  nice to see reddit has n't changed much . 
  how is this any different from mounting heads and stuffing animals in america ? 
  so that 's the origins of bukkake ... 
  i 've kinda been dreading doing the archer class but when i tried it last night i unlocked the top row of bows after 7 kills . 
  best glitch ever !, 
  this video is a favorite of mine http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvte1-a6pdo, 
  the beast by milt buckner http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orijfilf8ag, 
  you 're not the only one . 
  a lot of them feel very forced and somewhat off because of it ( basically the majority of the `` role play '' videos ) . 
  also i 'm not a fan of someones face being part of the video . 
  back in my day whisperers remained anonymous !, 
  while i do n't feel quite as strong about them i understand what you mean . 
  i find the attempt at affection to be very off putting and just makes me want to squirm . 
  also with a big influx of new people brings the problem of a lot of people seeing a certain type of video ( i.e whisper role playing ) and assume that 's what asmr is and go on to create , post and upvote nothing but that type of video even though there so many other triggers ( particularly the unintentional kind ) that i would argue the majority of people prefer . 
  i do remember a time when i did n't have to go to a different subreddit to listen to an unintentional video !, 
  reminds me of crouching tiger , hidden dragon . 
  his soundcloud if anyone wants to hear more !, 
  my only problem with it is i ca n't get it out of my head !, 
  frankie is great with kids !, 
  the use of the word eejit and in another comment in which he said `` tl ; dr : no he fucking died like fuck '' were massive clues !, 
  sweet . 
  the markings do n't look irish . 
  i 'm in no way an expert but it looks more eastern mediterranean to me . 
  ( pure speculation based on the aesthetics ), 
  telling tall tales are we ? 
  add me , looking to do all the missions on hard !, 
  the name is shteaky . 
  was this recorded without video ? 
  they sound far more relaxed and the flow of conversation seems more natural . 
  is this the reddit version of a frape ? 
  i agree with you to a certain degree however i think it 's more a case of there being no cameras pointing at them and there being less pressure from that . 
  i found even on the older podcasts without video even when gus pushed for structure everyone was still more relaxed and able to change to the necessary topic whilst still having relaxed banter .
