  i 'm not exactly sure , this is the most likely explanation http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1h9v1e/why_i_love_steam_workshop/cash8z8, 
  malric is a duuuuuuuude !, 
  definitily at least 2 rounds and maybe mix up teams after rounds unless they they are close enough in skill to on another in which case that wouldnt be neccasery . 
  maybe have a few core players on either side stay on and `` run '' thing such as, 
  being squad leaders and actually focusing on the objective and trying to pish the line , etc , so people who come to do that have help but also allows room for people.who just want kills to not be too much of a burden . 
  i 've a feeling they might even release sooner . 
  i mean did they ever say specifically why it was delayed from the start of the year ? 
  with the timing of that and all the next gen rumours floating around i would n't be surprised if they delayed to work on the versions for the next gen console and from what i 've heard in term of porting ( specifically warframe 's developer saying it only took him 3 months to have something ready to show at e3 for the ps4 ) we might get it on pc a whole lot sooner on pc than people think !, 
  posted this in another thread :, 
  i 've a feeling they might even release sooner . 
  i mean did they ever say specifically why it was delayed from the start of the year ? 
  with the timing of that and all the next gen rumours floating around i would n't be surprised if they delayed to work on the versions for the next gen console and from what i 've heard in term of porting ( specifically warframe 's developer saying it only took him 3 months to have something ready to show at e3 for the ps4 ) we might get it on pc a whole lot sooner on pc than people think!i 've a feeling they might even release sooner . 
  i mean did they ever say specifically why it was delayed from the start of the year ? 
  with the timing of that and all the next gen rumours floating around i would n't be surprised if they delayed to work on the versions for the next gen console and from what i 've heard in term of porting ( specifically warframe 's developer saying it only took him 3 months to have something ready to show at e3 for the ps4 ) we might get it on pc a whole lot sooner on pc than people think !, 
  again the rest of the english speaking world goes from smallest unit to largest . 
  for example twenty past four or ten to five . 
  no it is n't arbitrary . 
  each larger unit is made up x amount of the previous smaller unit . 
  it 's why we do n't say its the 5760 of 267840 . 
  calm you 're horses there man . 
  when it is written numerical like 12:20 ( which i think is an influence from the usage by the military ) then it can be read as that , however the vast majority of people here would still say it as twenty past twelve . 
  also if you read any books written by english or irish authors then you will know that when the time is written it is rarely written in military time . 
  dear god do n't look at the pictures in the wikipedia article if it 's late at night ... 
  really ? 
  it says 2.85 euro for me . 
  i 'm in ireland . 
  first tier problems . 
  if you remember correctly what ? 
  there is only one man who can tell us what the fuck is going on ... / u/unidan !, 
  portugal is different however , they decriminalised a lot of drugs for personal use , nothing legalised . 
  drugs are still illegal to sell and but people who have anything below the amount considered for personal use wo n't be arrested . 
  it 's a way of protecting the end user from an unnecessary criminal record whilst still being able to prosecute the actual dealers and suppliers . 
  give shooting an elephant in burma a read . 
  it 's a brilliant short essay by george orwell ( 1984 , animal farm ) that is very easy to read and one of my favourites by him . 
  season 6 , just going to watch it now !, 
  dodgeball, 
  dude likes his pesto . 
  you need to have the emblem equipped to copy it unfortunately !, 
  cool , profile link ? 
  nice work , link ? 
  same thing happened to me , was confused as hell . 
  i think a lot of peoples issue with it ( mine included ) is the way it artificially affected the accuracy of the gun by having no correlation between where your barrel was pointing and where the bullet landed ie , the bullet landing 2 meters to the left of where you crosshair was after one shot . 
  apart from that it is a perfect addition to shooters most people could only have dreamed of for years . 
  added you on battlelog . 
  for most online games it should be ok , but be warned , bf4 over wifi is one of the worst offenders in terms of rubber banding ( infuriatingly bad ) and for that reason alone i would advise a really long ethernet . 
  steaky 's the name and dayz the game . 
  ( you 're awesome btw ), 
  not really , people just see the nipples before the eyes . 
  that 's amazing , you make that yourself ? 
  na man it 's pretty cool . 
  reminds me of the sun in sunshine ( danny boyle film ) . 
  it really is , but it 's a pity the way ( no spoilers ) it changes genre near the end . 
   chance your arm ( irish informal ), 
  [ ftfy ] ( http://www.stpatrickscathedral.ie/chancing-your-arm.aspx ), 
  if there 's one thing irish do well it 's drinking , stories , and [ fueds ] . 
  ( http://www.stpatrickscathedral.ie/chancing-your-arm.aspx ), 
  seriously op , link the damn recipe already !, 
  i could be talking out of my ass here but , in comparison say to most ( not all ) ira bombings for example , these attacks are without warning . 
  i think he meant charas . 
  oh god , why did i google that ... 
  mind giving letting us know how it is for smoking out of ? 
  ( might get one myself ), 
  awesome , definitely going to get one . 
  might even get one of those jewelry boxes too , they are pretty slick . 
  actually it 's probably his low health . 
  i see your brain could n't decide whether to say `` was the real monster '' or `` really was the monster '' . 
  here 's a guide to how to do it without a chopper . 
  dear god i nearly freaked the fuck out when i clicked that picture and had n't finished reading the rest of your comment !, 
  [ geraffes ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/8aqjh/awww_this_is_just_too_sad_pic/c08pp5z ), 
  this is purely anecdotal but i found if you use the ump with burst fire and the 4x scope it can be very effective for mid to mid ling ranges . 
  just my opinion . 
  just got a pair 2 days ago , they are amazing . 
  now all i need something to run bf4 at ultra at 60 fps and that 's me finished with real life for a while !, 
  did that guy seriously just lean in and try to take the charge on the head ? 
  i just want that sick scope for the magnum !, 
  i was in the same boat and playing air superiority on hardcore with active radar helped a little ( aim for the guys that are already smoking or have and ally shooting them already ) but what really helped me get the ribbons was using a laser guided missile for the stealth jet on silk road and aiming for everything ( including quads ) . 
  a handy technique for hitting people with active protection on is lasing them and holding for a few seconds ( do n't actually fire ) in order for them to activate it , then then coming back around 15 - 20 seconds later and hitting them with both missiles . 
  also use ecm when you are going in , helps stop you getting hit by any active radar missiles and fucking up your aim . 
  piece of advice from a level 103 , save your gold battlepacks from level 70 and unlock every gun attachment and gun battlepacks for all the guns if you want to get the remaining camo , knives , and paints from the gold battlepacks because since level 90 i have only gotten 3 paints from the past packs . 
  i 've been getting attachments , emblems and boosts from the rest and i still have a lot of of paints , knives , and camos to unlock, 
  actually to get all the battlepacks per gun you need 520 kills for shotguns , 510 kills for assault rifles and dmrs , 490 kills for lmgs and snipers , 410 kills for pdws , and 240 for pistols . 
  personally it 's something else to aim for when i hit the max rank , plus it makes me change up my play style and learn how to use every gun . 
  ( hardcore is very handy for getting kills with things like the snipers and dmrs when you are n't that great :p ), 
  that 's brilliant , when are they introducing that ? 
  ha they are actually pretty decent when you learn to line up your shot properly , try some cq maps on a server with no explosives if you are having trouble ( also there are few pistol only servers available too ), 
  more likely this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_ice_%28glacial%29, 
  you a little lost there ? 
  i think this is where you meant to post that comment  http://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_4/comments/21t647/dice_if_you_can_hear_us_please_bring_this_gun/, 
  it does n't reflect bullets because it acts as a hitbox for the player which means bullets pass through ( with some damage loss i think ) but things like grenades bounce off the hitbox as if a person was standing there which the majority of people , including myself , put down to `` bad netcode '' . 
  if you watch the jackfrgs video in the article he does a good job of explaining and showing it in action . 
  edit : here is a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyqutsm4ids ) from back in december showing the same issue with grenades which we now know is caused by this but at the time was put down to netcode ( take note of the dead bodies on the ground in the path of the grenade ), 
  stealth jets with laser guided missiles and ecm . 
  get to a good height and swoop in and lock onto a target for as long as possible but do n't fire and pull up , this should make whoever is in said target set off active protection ( use you ecm at this point so no one can lock onto you at this point ) , then swoop in a second time after 5 - 6 seconds and then fire ( this works well with boats , tanks , and ifvs ) . 
  if you do n't have the laser guided missiles unlocked for the stealth jets already keep playing air superiority and just try cap flags . 
  how often do you have thee community nights ? 
  i 'd be down to play in the future , just not available this . 
  but the trade off of have to fly low and leaving you open to smaw , sraw , and rpg shots would make it balanced . 
  piece of advice for when you do use it ( took me ages to get the hang of it to do the assignment to unlock the airburst mode ) is to use your map ( the m button ) and watch for campers . 
  helped me a lot . 
  great idea man , any keys left ?
