  hell , i have pretty much consistently voted center-left my entire adult life , and i would rather vote for merkel than gabriel ( if popular vote for chancellors was a thing in germany ) . 
  i am not really interested in wasting time to `` disprove '' something you are convinced is an absolute truth . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  if they did n't , does it mean they did n't whine incessantly for 8 years straight ? 
  riiiight , the right did n't whine about obama at all . 
  germany 's equivalent of american border militias . 
  just without guns . 
  and in jack wolfskin gear . 
  sven lau is an idiot . 
  i do n't know what kind of unresolved daddy issues he is acting out , but i am convinced he could have just as easily become a neonazi , cultist or conspiracy theorist , anything that gives him some sense of purpose and importance . 
  that said , i think the ruling is justified . 
  i saw the original video they made of their little publicity stunt . 
  it amounted to a youtube prank . 
  nobody in their right mind could have been intimidated into thinking that they had any kind of official power . 
  wearing reflector vests is n't illegal . 
  many right-wing commenters also choose to ignore that lau 's little troop mainly pestered moderate or non-observing muslims to abstain from alcohol and gambling . 
  they were n't successful . 
  what 's far more serious are allegations that sven lau funnelled money , equipment and recruits to the `` islamic state '' . 
  this trial started last month . 
  i wonder how many facebook shares this will get . 
  the decision was consistent with her conservative , christian values . 
  the alternative would have been a giant slum like the jungle at calais , right across the german border . 
  preventing something like this is hardly shortsighted . 
  i will probably do the same . 
  for the sake of the spd i hope they do n't enter another coalition , but rebuild trust from their voter base as an oppositon party . 
  let 's face it , merkel was never in favor of unchecked immigration . 
  her letting in the refugees that came via hungary was mostly a spur of the moment decision . 
  i expect her to do the same that she did before with conscription and nuclear power : something nobody expected a conservative chancellor to be able to do . 
  maybe a proper immigration law ? 
  it 's about time anyway . 
  must be convenient to have a scapegoat so you can avoid thinking about where your own society falls short . 
  i really hope you are wrong . 
  this is a beautiful tribute . 
  it took me a while to notice the knife at this throat ... a very striking , powerful image . 
  here is another modern icon for victims of isis : http://www.nikolasaric.de/portfolio/holy-martyrs-of-libya/?lang=holy-martyrs-of-libya&amp;lang=en, 
  it took away unchecked power from a corrupt clergy that abused this power for monetary gains , enabled everyone to understand mass and the bible and allowed every believer to have a direct , personal relationship with their religion . 
  this enabled protestant christians to form far more egalitarian communities than were possible under catholicism . 
  i would n't say protestantism is `` better '' theologically , but liberal , western democracy owes a lot to the reformation . 
  i hope the government brings the hammer down on these clowns and rip-offs . 
  yes , but people who migrate to other parts inside their country still contribute to the economy of the country as a whole and pay taxes , which benefit their home communities as well . 
  which is not the case with people who receive a publicly-funded education and then use this education to work in another country . 
  please note i am not against migration at all , but the fact that emigration * can * have negative effects on the economy of migrant 's countries is often not part of the conversation -- only the negatives and positives on host countries . 
  what a pompous little man . 
  exactly . 
  migration benefits the larger economies because they can reduce their costs of labor , while smaller economies lose large parts of their workforce -- after paying for their education . 
  it 's profoundly unfair to countries like portugal , spain , greece etc. 
  another thing : more and more jobs might become automated in the future , or will be offshored to countries with cheaper labor . 
  so , productivity might rise , while the size of the workforce shrinks . 
  a lot of the people who come to europe ( often at considerable financial and personal cost ) will not be able to find work . 
  at the same time , the economies of their home countries will suffer because young people with higher education move elsewhere . 
  i am not against migration at all , but the argument that migration would be the only way to save western/northern economies never made sense to me . 
   the problem is that socialism is not a one-party dictatorship , yet , every single mistake of one-party dictatorship is presented as failure of socialism which is not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman  also famine is not something special to socialism as you may probably hear of the great famine . 
  so no nationalists ever set things and people on fire ? 
  i see . 
  yeah , let 's have yet another `` test '' , maybe the outcome wo n`t be a stratified one-party dictatorship and millions of starved , miserable people this time . 
  i 'll gladly take star trek communism , but i think people like elon musk have a better shot at that ... 
  i have a suspicion : they do n't actually give a shit about globalization . 
  i do n't get the protests . 
  globalization ` s net effect is positive and it has lifted more people out of poverty than socialism ever has . 
  why torch cars over this ? 
  it ` s almost amusing that some people still think a failed ideology from the 19th century is somehow avantgardistic . 
  must be pretty exciting to fuck shit up . 
  i just do n`t understand why these people have to pretend they are torching working people 's cars for social justice . 
  they are thrillseekers , end of story . 
  i support this law a 100 % . 
  however , the way this came to pass feels like the political aikido you expect from merkel by now . 
  she neutered the opposition by pushing for this herself and then voted against it ... that 's some shrewd political manouvering . 
  no worries . 
  1 ) i do n't think muslims are obliged to go to a rally to show they are against terrorism . 
  so i do n't hold it against anyone who did n't feel like going . 
  2 ) i am still disappointed so few actually showed up , especially since the event was organized by muslims . 
  that 's it , hope that makes more sense now . 
  no , it 's embarassing that a well-publicized rally against terrorist violence gets such a low turnout . 
  really sad situation . 
  to think families got trapped in their cars while they tried to escape is heartbreaking . 
  you know , you are n't completely wrong . 
  borders exclude , that 's a fact . 
  but the nature of the nation state is based on a social contract between it 's constituents . 
  a community has the right to define who can be a part of it and who can not , just like it can define what language is spoken in it 's territory , what kind of taxes they consider reasonable and how they want to organize their society in general . 
  the decision who can become part of this community can be based on many things , race being one of them . 
  i do n't think this is a factor in europe today . 
  there are many other reasons why a lot of european governments would want to the influx of refugees to slow down . 
  you know , you are n't completely wrong . 
  borders exclude , that 's a fact . 
  but the nature of the nation state is based on a social contract between it 's constituents . 
  a community has the right to define who can be a part of it and who can not , just like it can define what language is spoken in it 's territory , what kind of taxes they consider reasonable and how they want to organize their society in general . 
  the decision who can become part of this community can be based on many things , race being one of them . 
  i do n't think this is a factor in europe today . 
  there are many other reasons why a lot of european governments would want to the influx of refugees to slow down . 
  a lot of attendees were n't even muslim . 
  and the ones that were seemed to be mainly ahmadiyya -- an islamic offshoot that is considered `` unislamic '' by sunni and shia clerics . 
  no , i do n't think muslims need to prove they do n't support terrorism . 
  but neither do mainstream europeans need to prove they are against racism , and those ralleys get thousands of attendees . 
  it 's just a bit embarassing , that 's all . 
  finally our destructive tendencies have been harnessed for the greater good . 
  back in the 1960s there were still a lot of apartments in european metropoles without proper bathrooms and heating . 
  tenants had to to an outhouse - no toilets . 
  buildings were moldy and drafty . 
  today , after renovations , these apartments are amazing , but back then they were n't .
