very sorry to hear stockholm has to go through something like this . 
  before commenting on female grooming standards , i would appreciate if guys like these would at least make the effort to use deodorant . 
  that poor kid . 
  what the hell is wrong with people ? 
  probably they had no idea what to do and just hoped the problem would simply disappear . 
  antisemitism is a big taboo in germany , but a school administration also does n't want to appear islamophobic . 
  any reaction would have been better than just sitting the problem out . 
  utterly disgusting . 
  as a berliner , i am ashamed by this -- but unfortunately , not shocked . 
  it 's well known that jews who live their religion openly are subject to harassment in certain parts of the city , and i would like to see this kind of behavior interdicted aggressively . 
  the school administrator 's comment also sound like victim blaming to me . 
  i do n't think anybody with a sound mind would want to endure shit like this , so of course the kid transfered to another school . 
  friends forever . 
  not me , sorry . 
  these people are such pathetic crybabies . 
  from a bike . 
  on random pedestrians . 
  it 's atypical , period . 
  the guy is picking his victims are random , and he started his attacks in weissensee , a pretty quiet district . 
  i would be surprised if there 's a religious/cultural background to this , it reminds me more of random , cowardly acts of a misogynist/sadist . 
  i would n't rule it out , but it 's an atypical crime . 
  his series started in november , i hope he gets caught soon and somebody kicks his ass . 
  would n't the ultimate duty of any elected politician be to govern in a way that makes it less likely for people to vote for extremists ? 
  i think the feeling of being self-reliant and responsible for own protection , and not being at the mercy of whatever government is running germany , is a huge factor . 
  i can imagine that jews might feel more comfortable living openly as jews in israel than in germany , even if their entire country borders on hostile nations . 
  i found the everyday life in israel to be quite nice and relaxed , it 's not a constant warzone . 
  `` daddy issues '' explain the appeal of a lot of stupid ideas to stupid people . 
  not the inland . 
  this is not the first time something like this happened here : https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kontroverse_um_den_veggietag food is a huge part of a nation 's culture and identity . 
  the outrage is silly and largely made up , but it 's exactly petty shit like this that is used by populists to rile people up . 
  a lot of anti-eu sentiment stems from fears that some `` eurocrats in brussels '' decide what we can eat and what not . 
  on a gut level , people just dislike the idea that somebody tells them what they can eat and what not . 
  it 's weird so many progressive politicians pick this as the battle they want to fight , because it makes it easier for their opponents to paint them as authoritarians . 
  european pre-christian traditions are amazing . 
  there 's lots of similar stuff in southern germany and austria as well . 
  smart services for rural areas : internet for every household , fully digitalized administrations , overhauling ageing infrastructure . 
  reliable interregional public transportation ( trains , busses ) . 
  investing in childcare and schooling -- and finding undogmatic solutions to let children in rural areas education without having to travel ( telecommuting , homeschooling , mobile schools ... ) . 
  also , tax breaks for people living outside of big urban areas . 
  we need to lower the population pressure on our big cities as soon as possible . 
  living in a smaller town can be fantastic , but only if you have access to the same services you can expect in a bigger city . 
  i believe that smaller communities are in a unique position to go fully digital faster than big cities , and they should take advantage of that . 
  merkel is great at riding crises out without resorting to knee-jerk reactions to pander to her base . 
  it 's a pretty good quality for a leader to have , but i would prefer my government to be more proactive than reactive . 
  pretty much all chancellors before her had some long-term strategic goal : reconciliation with eastern europe , reunification , europe , agenda 2010 -- i have no idea what her goal was . 
  she made a lot of decisions but never of her own volition . 
  the decisions were forced on her . 
  i know that migros is like shopping heaven . 
  at least to us deprived germans . 
  those uniforms look pretty snazzy , too . 
  there are still plenty of unobscured properties in the major population centers . 
  really fun game . 
  i found the hysteria when google street view came to germany pretty ridiculous , but since i learned that burglary gangs from eastern europe plan their trips to germany with the help of street view ( to scope out high value real estate , remote areas , property with low visibility from the street etc. ), 
  , i can understand it . 
  i think if i was a homeowner i might want my house to be blurred out as well , although it still annoys me when i want to look up an address so i can find it easier . 
  what 's his opinion on how germany flaunts her economic power for her benefit and to the disadvantage of smaller european economies ? 
  or , more generally , whether germany 's influence in the eu is too big and alienating a lot of other member states ? 
  or what role germany played in the greek debt crisis ? 
  could it somehow have prevented the suffering of the greek populace ? 
  or how the unilateral decision to open the borders for migrants might have lead to chaos along the balkans ? 
  or how much of merkel 's political decisions seem to be spur-of-the-moment and not part of a grand humanitarian plan ? 
  these things can be debated pretty controversially . 
  i change my mind about them every so often myself , because of the complexity of these problems . 
  for some reason i doubt he can formulate a convincing viewpoint on any of these matters . 
  * sensible chuckle *, 
  from the article :  ** alleged ** use of racial profiling the people the police stopped on nye checked the following marks : * traveling in large groups * behaving aggressively * potentially intoxicated * look north african identifying risk groups based on behavior and social background is criminology , racial profiling is racism . 
  there is a difference , and racial profiling is not what happened on nye . 
  binge drinking is not the problem , and north african culture is n't either . 
  the problem is hardened criminals traveling to countries to fraudulently claim refugee status . 
  they ca n't be deported because their own home countries are happy they got rid of them . 
  the police already clarified that they did n't stop people based on their ethnicity alone , but also took other factors into account . 
  i.e. , if they traveled as a larger group and behaved aggressively . 
  thanks for playing . 
  it 's germany . 
  you can bet that any successful police work is suspect to some people who have a weird , fetiscist fear of germans in uniform doing their job ( even if it 's as benign as interdicting crime and keeping the public safe ) . 
  the good news is : neither the media nor the mainstream parties are playing this game this time . 
  it 's only some people on twitter . 
  it 's pretty amazing that german default today is antiracist outrage . 
  i just wish they would extend the same courtesy not just to petty criminals from the maghreb , but also jews who are assaulted and bullied when they end up in the wrong parts of town . 
  i know it 's not simply by total numbers . 
  it makes it even more surprising since the larger region ( brandenburg ) has only 2/3rds of the population of the smaller region ( berlin ) , yet is bumped into a higher bracket . 
  not only that , it 's supposedly the highest rate of homicides in the entire country . 
  i am not disputing the data , i am just wondering what the hell is going on there . 
  as a berliner it 's weird for me that brandenburg -- germany 's second least densely populated state -- has a higher homicide rate than berlin ( the tiny light blue splotch in a sea of darker blue ) , and the highest entire germany . 
  i would like to know more about the data behind this . 
  pro-merkel media like ... the washington post ? 
  maybe it would be more productive start hold companies like facebook , twitter and google liable for not managing their communities as they should . 
  it pisses me off that they make money off clickbait , incitement and hate speech and are n't able to properly handle it according to the laws of the countries they operate in . 
  facebook completely outsources deletions and community management to local companies staffed by minimum wage employees . 
  this practice should be curbed , and facebook should be denied any advertising revenue from european markets until they do their fucking job . 
  what a moronic , fear-mongering headline . 
  i am really coming to hate the media in the recent days . 
  mille grazie to the cop who stopped him , and a quick recovery . 
  yes , hat 's the thing with left-wing terrorism : you ca n't kill the people you want to inspire to revolt , even if they are completely uninterested in revolution . 
  you can argue that the raf 's goals were ideological , naive and completely divorced from reality , but at least they were n't apocalyptic . 
  i have no doubts that if `` is '' had the possibility to nuke a city in europe , they would do it . 
  still , i think that we are nowhere near the intensity of those years . 
  people were literally fighting in the streets . 
  students got shot , their apartments searched , politicians and bankers got killed - their security detail too . 
  politicians discussed the possibility of executing locked up terrorists in retaliation for terror attacks -- which was a giant taboo after germany 's conduct in ww2 .
