  i remember that post office counters used to be protected with thick bulletproof glass when i grew up . 
  it was completely normal to me back then , and that was the tail end of the raf era . 
  all of this stuff is unbelievable looking back and nothing today compares to it -- yet . 
  maybe i am too optimistic , but i think our society is as free as it ever was , and it will remain free if we do n't let thugs whip us up into a frenzy . 
  we will mourn and bury the dead , let the security forces do their job , and live on as we always do . 
  would be nice though if our intelligence agencies could act immediately once they identify a person who poses a risk . 
  terrorism wants people to react , either cower in fear or become stupidly authoritarian to legitimize what terrorists are doing . 
  that idiot picked the wrong city . 
  they did n't , but the genesis of the raf was setting fire to a department store ( after business hours ) and the printers of the bild tabloid . 
  my parents told me how oppressive the 70s felt . 
  armed police conducting searches , roadblocks -- the society was very divided too . 
  i imagine it was way worse back then . 
   if this is true this man should receive the highest honors possible . 
  i also think the german state should take care of the financial future of the family . 
  100 % agree . 
  if that 's what happened , the guy is a hero and saved countless lifes . 
  what pisses me off most -- and do n't take this as me denigrating the other victims of this disgusting , pointless crime -- is that he was probably really tired after a long drive and just looking forward to spend the holidays with his loved ones . 
  what a contrast : a low-life loser whose single contribution to the world is killing and maiming unsuspecting citizens of a country who took him in , and a hardworking polish truck driver who died trying to safe citizens from another country . 
  it should be easy to decide who you 'd rather aspire to be . 
  did they ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the german spoken in the area around hannover is considered to be closest to `` hochdeutsch '' . 
  i think all german accents are kind of lovely . 
  it 's nice that such a densely populated country is still so diverse . 
  i think the most distinct german accents are spoken in saxony and bavaria . 
  saxonian german in particular is very distinct sounding , and an easy target for parody . 
  i think a lot of people dislike it not so much because of how it sounds , but because of cultural cliches connected to it . 
  a really heavy bavarian accent can be close to incomprehensible , though . 
  i think my favorite accents in germany are northern ( hamburg/bremen , very clean , crisp , kind of terse ) , the accent from brandenburg ( earthy ) and franconia ... and south hesse . 
  not part of germany , but viennese sounds wonderful . 
  i have the faint suspicion i would n't be able to do more than cowering in panic and shitting my pants . 
  that idea was discussed last year , so-called * transitzonen * . 
  similar idea to what australia does , but it was rejected for multiple reasons . 
  yeah , like i said : i fully agree that the way it 's done ( or rather * not * done ) now causes a lot of problems . 
  i also find it deeply unfair that a system that was put in place to protect vulnerable , underage refugees can be exploited like that . 
   you guys have to really start checking the migrants ' age more properly in germany . 
  we should , but it 's easier said than done . 
  determining a person 's age with biometrics is time-consuming , costly and not reliable . 
  and even if somebody lies about his age , tries to enter germany with counterfeit papers and gets caught : what can , * realistically * , be done about it ? 
  to deport them , you need to know their home country , and the home country needs to be willing to take them back -- which they will refuse if they do n't have documents that prove they are citizens . 
  the alternative is to deport them to the last country of transit , which is politically untenable and would mean countries like italy and greece are left alone to deal with this . 
  there is simply no easy solution to this problem . 
  whatever it is , it probably involves the countries of origin . 
  trying to explain complex historic processes that were affected by a dynamic system of shifting geopolitics , economy and governance with quaint advice about german corporate culture of the 1980s -- not a great idea . 
   for decades , the final line of defense for europe against possible russian aggression has been provided by the american nuclear arsenal . 
  but since donald trump 's election as the 45th president of the united states , officials in berlin and brussels are no longer certain that washington will continue to hold a protective hand over europe . 
  oops ... looks like reddit users know about as much as governments for once . 
  to reiterate : nobody knows what will happen from january 2017 on . 
  everything is possible . 
  the fact that european governments are now openly talking about alternatives to a us deterrence shows it 's effectively over . 
  nobody knows to what degree a trump administration will be committed to existing alliances . 
  really , nobody knows . 
  i doubt that the average italian , french , german or dutch citizen would be enthusiastic to give their life to defend lithuania , estonia , or eastern poland . 
  especially if it means their loved ones might get nuked in retaliation . 
  you do n't have nukes to fire them . 
  you have them to threaten that you can fire them . 
  if europe ca n't counterbalance russia 's nuclear capabilities , the implicit threat of nuclear escalation would be enough for russia to be free to act however it likes in the baltics and eastern europe . 
  the era when the us was a reliable guarantor of european security is ending , fast . 
  if the rest of europe is able to raise a european deterrence that does n't depend on the us without germany , i am all for it . 
  agreed . 
  but the genie is out of the bottle . 
  i absolutely understand why holocaust survivors , elderly poles or russians would think that way , but it 's myopic to ignore 70 years of post-war history . 
  granted , as a german it 's easy for me to say this . 
  napoleon 's expansionist first french empire is no argument against a nuclear-armed democratic france either . 
  world history moves on . 
  nobody in germany has an appetite for world domination . 
  we are happy with one vacation per year . 
  why would n't you trust the intentions of a germany with nuclear weapons ? 
  how many countries has germany unilaterally declared war on since 1945 ? 
  edit : i should mention that i do n't think germany getting nukes is a good idea . 
  but it 's high time to think about reinstating the draft and restructuring the bundeswehr * back * from a post-9 / 11 , interventionist counter-insurgency focus to a strong deterrence force . 
  that 's horrifying . 
  i worked in advertising and i am a huge advocate for adblocking . 
  online advertising is intrusive , unsafe , slows down browsers and computers and just fucking sucks . 
  yes . 
  separate offices , separate staff , separate editors-in-chief . 
  thanks !, 
  spiegel online is a glorified tabloid . 
  very different from the print edition . 
  where to , though ? 
  country of origin might be unknown , and deporting them to the country of transit -- which transit ? 
  the last before they entered austria , or the one before that ? 
  essentially , most of them would be deported back to either greece or italy . 
  i agree that deportation is better than jailing them , but it 's not really doable if the country of origin ca n't be determined . 
  this is cool . 
  shame i am too old for this now , i would have loved to do something like that after university . 
  i admit : i am pleased with the result . 
  but i am not jubilant . 
  austria is up for national elections in 2018 latest , maybe even as early as next year . 
  to quote hofer : `` either i become president now , or strache chancellor in two years . '', 
  i expect the fp\u00d6 to do very , very well then . 
  i find the relief and glee in the - dare i say - mainstream media and social networks ( at least among my peers ) to be misplaced . 
  one election , especially with a result this close , does not mean that austria ended the populist trend in europe . 
  but she already said she would never , ever try to become chancellor . 
  maybe malu dreyer ? 
  a term limit is a great idea , i am very much in favor of that . 
  getting rid of the 5 % barrier ... not so much . 
  i worry that this would lead to a fragmented parliament that ca n't get a reliable majority anymore . 
  maybe i am wrong , though . 
  gabriel is delusional if he thinks he could be a viable candidate for the chancellorship .
