then it 's being grumpy about sunburn and sweating too much, 
  but a lot of fresh air will help , wo n't it rents ? 
  french and english have different statuses , english is the most desirable language to learn as a second tongue . 
  for us in the uk , chances are in school you will be taught either french , german or spanish . 
  but if english is not your native tongue , what do you learn ? 
  you learn what most other people are learning to or already do speak . 
  at this point , it is by far and away english . 
  despite having a thick scottish accent myself , it can be quite difficult for me to decipher . 
  how bout we aww speak in scots like we ur aw groonds keepr wullie oot aa ' the simpsons likesae ? 
  near undeciphurabul tae they mono lingwil eejits aht cannae speak a lick aa ' anyhin aer ahn englush ? 
  * sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuueeeeeeeeeeee eeooooooooooooooooooeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee * saves a lot of space i guess ... ^ ( sidenote : i do n't know if you could really portray such a noise using the english alphabet ), 
  return . 
  because we had to book this only two months before we flew out , prices were rather inflated . 
  the klm return for edi-ams was at something silly like # 200 but a combination of ryanair and aer lingus came to # 140 . 
  that 's actually quite a cracking price . 
  in 2012 , we were heading to amsterdam from edinburgh but it was somehow cheaper to go through dublin ( the dub-ams flight ended up getting cancelled so we transferred for a flight to brussels and got a train up instead ) . 
  possibly due to the empire , maybe ? 
  2010 was essentially a no-show from them, 
  if anything is going to inspire a yes vote in 2014 , it should be the common goal of making something else our most commonly-used browser , rather than ie . 
  i would consider my self a fan of gray , despite feeling like a borderline lunatic after finishing book two of * lanark * . 
  it 's nice to see growth for scotland , like you said . 
  i think it 's also interesting to see how the separate towns have grown or declined in terms of growth . 
  i think it 's still a good wee while until we find out as well . 
  you 're that man who 's a fan of sir gray 's work ? 
  hence the username i believe . 
  * anyway * , i 'm still waiting for the further results for scotland to be published . 
  i want to see how my wee town 's population has continued to balloon , and the ethnic composure as well . 
  should be an interesting wee read . 
  true , but i believe that was regarding the first round of results . 
  i know that the specific set of results relevant to this graph ( ethnicity and nationality ) are now available from the ni and english/welsh census results , but no such results have been released for the scottish one . 
  from the scottish registrar 's office website , the results so far published seem to give numbers regarding the total population of the country , and then draws comparisons with this from the 2001 census . 
  i am guessing that is because in the uk , there were three censuses that took place last year . 
  that for england and wales , one for ni and one for scotland . 
  the second round of details from the scottish census are still to be released , hence the reason that there is no data from scotland on this graph . 
  you should have your children in northern ireland , just to become truly british . 
  somebody who said something that could be perceived antagonistic about ireland and the uk - so you cry them a derogatory term for a german . 
  i 'd say your thinking is getting a wee bit out of hand there . 
  the two world wars resulted in such cooperation between the european nations because * never * again shall such pain be inflicted upon the people by our neighbouring nations . 
  versailles was a big lesson in how not to do relations and i thoroughly believe i 'll never see war on such a grand scale in mainland europe in my lifetime . 
  obviously there 's still many things to be discussed about and immigration is such a hot topic following the economic downturn we 've all suffered in previous years ; however i do n't for one second believe this will materialise in the breakdown of cooperation of the eu , however hard it may be . 
  i know in the uk that we have cashcards , mainly aimed at people with poor credit or people below the age of 18 , where they can withdraw cash from a cashline/atm , but as far as i 'm aware , these are becoming more and more obscure . 
  the majority of cards that come with a bank account tend to be debit cards ( visa debit/electron , maestro ) which seems to be similar to the ec cards that you 're describing . 
  dutch is my favourite foreign language . 
  i love how it seems to be english and german smashed together . 
  i love how absolutely fucking mental some of your words look like , e.g. 
  it may not be the prettiest sounding language , but i think its one of the coolest sounding . 
  its just a cool language . 
  i 've heard particularly bad things about hahn . 
  my gripe with prestwick is less about getting there ( which is only about half an hour on the train if i recall , very similar to amsterdam schiphol ) , just the fact that it is such a shitey small airport . 
  ryanair do love to take the piss . 
  i 'm sure they used to market reus airport as `` barcelona reus '' , but its a good hour away from barcelona . 
  it too , is a shitehole as an airport . 
  where is this contrasting thread you mention ? 
  i think my input might be a bit more fitting there !, 
  i agree . 
  it has always been a pleasure flying through schiphol . 
  `` glasgow '' prestwick on the other hand ? 
  * shudders * thank you ryanair for that one . 
  do you ? 
  i 've had four uk passports throughout my life and can never recall of having my fingerprint taken . 
  maybe we 're celebrating linguistic diversity ? 
  aberdeen has ran away from the slumping oil prices it seems, 
  can you think of a reason for that ? 
  i think the main difference between the two referendums will be that in 2014 , you chose between the status quo and to wander into the unknown ; this time around , there is no status quo . 
  the uk is changing massively and will continue to do so for quite some time , whether it be in regard to the economy , political ideology , and so on . 
  intriguing times certainly lie ahead . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 've been converted from a staunch no to a strong yes . 
  the union i voted for 2 years ago no longer exists in my opinion . 
  a far different ball game this time round . 
  bang on . 
  i do n't really see the need for all the variety in notes , if i 'm being honest . 
  * ^ ( pedantic sidenote : bos is not a public company , despite the uk gov. 
  holding a decreasing stake in the parent company , lbg . 
  correct about the legal system , incorrect about the bank . 
  we have the bank of scotland and royal bank of scotland , but these are commercial banks . 
  the bank of england is the central bank for the united kingdom , and is responsible for the regulation of sterling banknotes . 
  scottish ( and northern irish ) notes are fully-fledged gbp , not derivatives . 
  true about some folk south of the border not accepting scottish banknotes , but this can be pointed towards ignorance more than anything else . 
  i 'm not saying that it should hold less weight , i just think it will in the eyes of the voters . 
  the point i was trying to make is there is no longer a status quo for voters to pick . 
  anything shy of a ` soft brexit ' results in a country that is facing massive uncertainty . 
  the political direction of westminster is also giving plenty of folk the fear . 
  with scottish labour an utter shambles , the scottish lds too scared of allowing a free vote and the scottish conservatives directly following the main party , the snp 's attempt to curtail the implications of a hard brexit on scotland is going to resonate with a lot of people . 
  of course , there will be claims that it is a masked attempt to sever the ties between scotland and the ruk ; seeing that there is n't too much of a range of options for scotland to take , what else should scotland do ? 
  on the current trajectory , scotland will be subjected to hard brexit . 
  the referendum was , naturally , about the uk 's membership of the eu , not each home nation . 
  it was inevitable that there would be opposition on the grounds that * x * home nation did n't consent via popular vote but this is n't the crux of the issue . 
  it seems to many that the government is unwilling to listen to scotland 's elected representatives on this issue , a far cry from the rhetoric of scotland being an equal partner with the union . 
  a combination of mismatched population sizes , a seemingly alien brand of politics taking over westminster and large amounts of uncertainty in so many areas produces , what i believe is , fertile ground for a vote for separation . 
  while money is a big factor in such a vote , it is n't everything . 
  you 're right , oil has plummeted and the consequent effects on aberdeen and scotland 's economy is certainly a thorn in the separatist 's side , but what about our citizen 's right to live and work across the eu ? 
  what about the worker 's protections that are spearheaded by the eu ? 
  its a messy issue and i do n't believe anyone can really call it . 
  it looks like yet another tight result and this is before the referendum has even been called . 
  was that the situation back in 2012 when the edinburgh agreement was signed ? 
  i just hope a reasonable discourse develops between scotland 's representatives and westminster , as right now i do n't see any any sign of this which i feel is a disservice to the people of scotland . 
  i wonder if i will see another time that is as divisive as this . 
  ** edit ** : apologies if this is incoherent or rambling , fucking knackered when i wrote this . 
  looks like it 'll be shite in any direction really .
