  interestingly , the ideology itself has very little to do with trying to kick certain ethnicities out of the country , it 's just that blaming specific groups of people for hardships tends to be a great way to unite people behind the state . 
  it might work better next time to make an argument based on what was actually said . 
  besides , the reason for that difference is very simple . 
  in the former case it 's about a more powerful group holding back from taking over the resources of a less powerful , different group . 
  it 's about finding a way to coexist peacefully between different groups . 
  in the latter case , we were talking about a larger group trying to deny resources to a smaller group who were coexisting at that point . 
  there 's no peaceful motive here , there 's no more capable group sharing with the less capable . 
  indigenous or not has nothing to do with it , it 's about the more powerful coexisting with the less powerful instead of just walking over them . 
  literally no one ? 
  our local populist geert wilders is on video for claiming he 'd kick all people of moroccan descent out of the country with no regard for if they are citizens . 
   always supported any patriotic american unfortunately there is quite a difference between who these people consider patriotic and who they consider a citizen . 
  besides , go check out / r/altright if you want to see some true nastiness in the name of patriotism . 
   the right wing populists are more protecting of their countries they 're more about protecting a very specific vision of their countries . 
  they 'll often talk about how it 's `` our country '' yet they 'll also talk about kicking out people who 're actual citizens in the country , so it 's more like they are protecting a specific group of the country . 
  of course they wo n't talk about expansion now because it would be political suicide . 
  besides , nowadays territory is a way less valuable resource . 
  but you have to think , when the core of their ideology seems to be `` getting more power back to the national government '' while the way they want to achieve it is by getting the most power in the national government , it means that the people who 'll benefit from having that power back would be only them . 
  a europe-russia conflict would be a conflict between nuclear powers . 
  army size means very little there , direct conflicts would just result in mad . 
  this would make the actual land rather meaningless to invades from either side . 
  i am also not in favour of the situation today , but you have to understand that the situation today is not the case because we just have been turning a blind eye to it . 
  our position is not extreme , it 's simply the logical consequence of respecting human rights in the current world . 
  such sanctions would only have an effect when coordinated with many nations that trade with them , particularly close trade partners . 
  since their closest trade partners are often surrounding countries it 'd be hard to make them effective as those countries tend to have 0 interest in them . 
  those sanctions would also have a negative effect on our own economy and might not even be worth it compared the cost of handling some more migrants . 
  and as for the `` it 's not normal '' , unfortunately having to deal with stateless citizens on your soil is the normal situation . 
  it 's not fair and not right , but looking at the world it unfortunately is normal . 
  they would just refuse the aircraft from landing at their airports ... 
  the problem is with the people whose home country we do n't know . 
  you ca n't send people back to their home country if you ca n't determine their home country . 
   are let into the country without any vetting and the authorities keep turning a blind eye to those that have bought fake identities/passports . 
  that 's an absurd misrepresentation of what happens . 
  the problem is that these people are already in the country . 
  you 're not going to stop some of them getting in there , people will always find ways around . 
  without papers it 's hard to determine to who you could send them back ( and a lot of countries will just plainly not accept migrants back unless you can prove they are their citizens ) . 
  so what happens when their asylum request fails ? 
  no other country likes being used as a dumpsterbin for stateless citizens so you ca n't just deport them . 
  in practice , most countries give them a one-way ticket out of the country or something and tell them to figure it out for themselves . 
  what would you suppose they 'd do ? 
   looking at the eu contributions , they are exploiting us , so why not do it back ? 
  that 's an absurdly simplistic way of thinking that only considers the short term without any regards for the long term . 
  the eu was always set up in mind with the idea of the richer countries supporting the poor countries as this would be better for everyone in the long term . 
  until 1990 the netherlands was also receiving more money than it got from the eu . 
   unless everyone is on the same side , being nice or civil only invites abuse , and we 're clearly not all on the same side . 
  last time i checked the whole purpose of all those agreements we signed when we created the eu was to make sure everyone was on the same side . 
   just put some old ships in a line past vlissingen , and nobody can get through unless they bring a warship and sink a bunch of our ships . 
  you seem to have forgotten that they 're allowed to arrest people who abuse their national waters ... and if this was supported by the government as a negotiation tactic they 'd receive a swift kick out of the eu after which the echr does n't care that much anymore . 
  hey what 's not to be proud about . 
  if we ca n't be proud about helping others then what the hell could we feel proud about . 
  yes , we could risk all diplomatic relations we have with the eu just for the tiny chance that they 'd give in , because obviously exploiting the other countries is a better idea than helping them in order for them to trade more . 
  who cares about ethics etc. 
   we can also block the entrance to antwerp . 
  even if we were to try this horrible idea , where the hell would we get the military might to do something like that . 
  it would also involve attacking a nato ally which is a supremely terrible idea . 
  both countries usually end up in first or second spot in all kinds of list of countries . 
  this has led to an amusing online rivalry . 
  it 's mostly originating from statistics indicating good governance ( best education , happiest citizens ) but it 's become some of a self-deprecating joke on any kind of statistics ( like highest suicide rate or in this case most money spent on the union ) . 
  not really , it 's a combination of a few things . 
  1 : we 've got a large and strong economy . 
  our gdp massive compared to our size . 
  2 : eu import levies on all imports into our harbors are counted as part of this . 
  since we have two large harbors in a rather small country this is significant . 
  3 : we do n't get stuff like infrastructure funding as we already have some of the best infrastructure in the eu . 
  also , you have to realize that while this is a drawback of eu membership in the short term , it 's meant to benefit us in the long term . 
  we 're a nation reliant on trade . 
  there are a bunch of right-wing parties which are fine with the eu ( dutch vvd for instance ) . 
  the problems tend to be the extreme-right parties which tend to be rather fond of populism . 
  in the end it 's a rather easy strategy . 
  people by nature are more critical of recent things than things which have been there since long before they were born . 
  the eu is a relatively `` new '' thing which most people are only indirectly influenced by . 
  most people get their information on politics only from their own politicians . 
  this makes it a nice scapegoat . 
  this is not something only fringe parties have done though . 
  it was very easy for politicians to credit themselves for work from the eu in their home nation and blame the eu when bad things happened in their own nation . 
  as an individual this is a great strategy for popularity if not too many people pay attention . 
  but when everyone does it it falls apart . 
  a great example of this is the united kingdom . 
  their eu meps were known for being critical of the eu in their home turf , but as soon as they were on the other side of the channel they would be pro eu expansion . 
  a good example of this would be them being against eu expansion in their campaigns , yet the uk was the major driving force for trying to get turkey into the eu . 
  the thing is that when everyone does this trick to bring up their at-home popularity , the people would of course think that only bad things happen due to the eu . 
  populist parties can then take advantage of this while the rest ca n't argue against it without losing their credibility . 
  and then you get a brexit . 
   you realize that would never happen if the situation were reversed for something to happen , one side should start it first . 
  if neither side takes the initiative then it 's surely never going to happen . 
   that your belief is basically secularized christianity , right ? 
  yes and ? 
  surely religions do n't have a monopoly on ideals ? 
  man , finally a reasonable voice in this thread . 
  this was n't even news 10 months ago , but it seems like everyone in this thread is more interested in spreading a persecution narrative by claiming that it 's being suppressed while at the same time it covering 90 % of this comment section . 
  what i find really sad though is the amount of egoism . 
  what happened to ideals of a better world ? 
  people lose their damn minds over 1 million immigrants and refugees while we are with 500 million here . 
  of course they wo n't all be nice . 
  integration is a long and hard process , but we do it because it is morally right to offer people a chance at a better life . 
  we do it because that 's also how we would want to be treated if something goes wrong here . 
  when the second world war broke out , many people from europe became refugees themselves . 
  but ideals like these come at a price of course . 
  there 'll be people who try to abuse the system , there 'll be people who want to hurt us . 
  no good initiative is safe from this . 
  just like people trying to dodge tax and abusing social security .
