  but just shutting something like that down because they are abused is insane . 
  you can never create a perfect system . 
  instead we work to optimize the result , adding checks where the checks cost less than the losses they fix . 
  this means that we have to accept some amount of abuse , but this is inevitable as we do n't live in the perfect world . 
  but this is not what these people want . 
  they have been living using the benefits of this society , but they refuse other people from being able to participate in this . 
  yes immigration poses a risk , and unfortunately this has resulted in casualties here . 
  yes people pretend they 're refugees while actually seeking economic benefit . 
  but we 've also offered shelter to hundreds of thousands of victims from war-torn countries and dictatorships under which they 'd be persecuted for things we consider freedoms . 
  there 'll be more rough spots while these people are integrated into society , but this is a risk we 've decided to take for the benefit of humanity . 
  but these people do n't care about the people that 've been saved , the good that has been done , they only see the sacrifices that had to be made . 
  they want to take all the work of the people who went before them , who worked on making sure we 'd have these freedoms in the future , and keep it all to themselves . 
  ideals and freedom require sacrifices from everyone . 
  this has always been the case , and in the past people were willing to accept this . 
  but there 'll always be demagogues exploiting this selfishness , raising fear and hate . 
  where other politicians have the tough job of trying to weigh the costs and benefits , they only point at the costs , present simplistic `` solutions '' to these problems , arguing that everyone else is inept while they 're trying to balance a way more difficult situation . 
  it 's a tried and true technique , and still alarmingly effective . 
  but when people use these techniques you should always wonder what their actual goal is , as they are obviously not interested in dealing with the actual complexity of the situation at hand . 
  to everyone in this thread i 'd like to ask , knowing that in the end we 're all humans and it 's completely coincidence in which part of the world we were born , what the hell are the ideals for everyone in humanity that you 're prepared to fight for . 
  well what 'd ` ya want me to reply to , cause there was no argument in your previous reply . 
  and now you 're just going to give up because you have no foot to stand on , yet you claim you 're not being condescending . 
  `` look at me , i can make condescending remarks without actually making an argument '', 
  i do n't need anyone to convince me when i can hear it from his own mouth . 
  but humour me , why would such a grand idiocy pillar exist ? 
  i assume you think there 's some reason behind it ? 
   so here we have a lie # 1 according to which trump is clueless and borderline inept the guy can not even form grammatically correct sentences . 
  have you ever seen a transcript of his speeches ? 
  sorry , we forgot about the spare belgians holding area . 
  it 's corrected for purchasing power . 
  personally i find that a rather weird metric for this kind of map , but it 's why russia suddenly has 4x the area of the netherlands while only having a 1.5 x higher gdp . 
  fipronil was banned here as well , but it seems one particular pest removal company was using it anyway while telling farmers they were using the normal stuff . 
  when it was discovered , people were rather unamused here and a list of affected egg codes was published . 
  unfortunately it seems like the german shops decided that checking the codes was too hard and they just removed all dutch eggs from their shops . 
   imagined moral high-ground i 'm curious , why do you call it an imagined one . 
  anyway , a party not wanting to enter a coalition that does not compromise with them is not obstruction . 
  that 's just how coalition formation works . 
  and if they really need gl to form a coalition , then they do certainly represent a part of the country . 
  you ca n't please every voter as a party unfortunately , but evidently gl thinks that on the long term agreeing with the current coalition proposals will be disadvantageous towards their goals in the long term . 
  we do n't know what compromises were made in the other areas after all . 
   if they really wanted to compromise on economical migration , they would have accepted an turkey-like deal ah yes , the turkey deal , where refugees often have to spend long times in extremely ill-equipped and over-populated camps even though we have much better facilities here because it was more convenient for us . 
   but it is not their goal . 
  the more there pour in , the happier klaver is . 
  oh please . 
  some people actually think it 's important to take good care of people in need , even if it inconveniences ourselves . 
  doing what is right rarely comes without sacrifices unfortunately . 
   i was hoping a lot of that would be watered down by the others , they tried and failed . 
  now they wo n't have a vote in the government at all !, 
  i think that 's stupid and if they would go into government with completely watered-down beliefs then at the next elections they 'd be pvda 'd into irrelevancy . 
  going into government is always a balance of getting certain ideas pushed through and losing voters so your position is worse at the next elections , it is completely sensible for a party to decide to not go into a certain coalition if they think the amount of ideas they get to push through would result into a loss of influence in the long term . 
   skin color does n't matter , compatible world view , education level and chances to make something off yourself do matter . 
  very low chance with africans on that point . 
  gl is n't for just blanket accepting economical migrants , the critical issues are refugees , where gl says the plans of the other parties would essentially be us denying our responsibilities as specified in treaties we 've ratified . 
  when people flee a country because their life is in danger , are you just going to tell someone that we ca n't help them because they did n't have the opportunity to go to high school ? 
  i was referring to [ this ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2160655-vvd-schrapte-klimaatpassage-uit-verkiezingsprogramma.html ) case , which was the only sentence that actually addressed the dangers of climate change . 
  the vvd . 
  that page you mentioned significantly downplays the actual issues at hand and never even mentions the dangers of climate issues . 
   well excuse my language but i voted for them to make the country `` greener '' not `` blacker '' maybe try reading a party program next time instead of voting based on the name of a party then ? 
  it 's not like gl has been secretive about their stance on refugee protection , it was one of the topics on both large debates . 
  and besides , what exactly does skin color matter ? 
   we need to reform the housing marked before we can help them come here . 
  so why not help them there ? 
  there seems to be some kind of illusion that the government can only do one thing at the same time , which is just silly . 
  and why not help them there ? 
  because solutions like this ( like we 've seen in turkey ) just lead to a situation of `` out of sight , out of mind '' where refugees end up in exceedingly poor circumstances , while we give away significant geopolitical power . 
  and it 's not like gl is such an extremist here . 
  they are perfectly willing to compromise on economical migration , the problem point where they do n't want to compromise on are refugees which i completely agree with . 
  unfortunately for some reason the right always forgets about refugees being a thing in immigration discussions and that pesky thing called the universal declaration of human rights which they still claim they support . 
  the tory budget cuts will continue until morale improves . 
   but most likely not going to happen since vvd already is going for green policies . 
  i 'm not sure why people keep saying this , at their party congress the vvd decided to scrap the only concrete sentence about climate issues from their party program . 
  they 're only as green as is politically convenient at any point , and do n't seem to have any interest in actually being proactive in sustainability issues . 
  that `` stupid reason '' is part of the reason why i voted for them . 
  they 're actually willing to make a stand for the treaties we 've ratified and for what 's morally right , even when it 's politically inconvenient . 
  meanwhile the conservatives who 've spent decades patting themselves on the back over their morals and values have just decided to drop them the moment it became slightly inconvenient . 
  they would have the same issues in any coalition that contains d66 . 
  people often say d66 is centre or even right , but the closest party to d66 in voting behaviour is gl . 
  hell even sp is closer to them in voting behaviour than cda/vvd . 
  however , with the size and position of d66 there 's basically no way around them in coalition formation . 
  they know that , so they really want to pull in the party closest to them ( gl ) to get more of their agenda into the coalition . 
  cda/vvd did n't want to compromise so we get this . 
  the issue is , there are no possible coalition partners to the right of d66 . 
  the fourth party will be to the left of all of those parties . 
  this means that any time cda/vvd try to play hardball in coalition negotiations it fails because the only thing they can do is swap out one left party for another left party . 
  thus it now all comes down to endurance , how long does it take for the cda/vvd to give in more to allow for a viable coalition . 
  you 're right , i was under the impression that the status of the 3 islands that are special municipalities was in the eu but you 're right , all dutch caribbean islands only have the oct status , no matter if they 're their own countries or special municipalities within the netherlands . 
  and meanwhile the dutch overseas territories are apparently not a thing , even though several of them are part of the eu . 
   it 's just for an exam , and everyone starts to forget what they learned when they finish school/university heh , that 's about what happened with the french/latin/greek i learned in high school . 
  at least i can still read german without issues . 
  but yeah , a bit issue is certainly no practice afterwards . 
  lessons are good at teaching you the symbols and the grammar , but without repetition you 'll never learn the vocabulary or get the speed necessary for casual conversation . 
  this is a pretty hard issue to solve though , as there 's no real need to it outside of being able to understand foreign information better . 
   my english teacher in junior high said that she could n't give directions when the tourist asked her in english . 
  that 's kind of amazing to me though , here saying something like this would be extremely embarrassing ( i mean , it 's admitting that you 're totally unqualified for the position you have ) . 
  the issue of having too little alts is of course from both sides , you need foreigners for that who can both speak english and japanese . 
  and unfortunately learning japanese here just is n't that common as english , spanish , french , german or chinese would be way more helpful if your goal is to be able to speak with more people . 
   besides that , there is a tendency for people to make fun of someone trying to speak english with a proper accent and many students pronounce poorly on purpose to not be laughed at . 
  that just sounds very weird here , if anything here it 's more the opposite where having an obvious dutch accent is something that 's occasionally made fun of . 
  in the end it 's just not something that 's going to change fast as it requires more of a cultural shift towards wanting to interact with other nations . 
  this is by definition just a slow process and japan is hardly alone in this . 
  especially france here also has had this problem and only the younger generation ( 25 y/o or younger ) has a good grasp on english while the older generation still tries to push french everywhere .
