  the water levels are always monitored in the lower parts of the country ( after all it requires continuous pumping and regulation of the water levels through moat systems to keep them dry ) . 
  the entire campaign towards it . 
   who the fuck asked judges to get involved ????? 
  you do realize that during the previous years judges were also involved ? 
  they normally just were averaged with the public and presented as said country voted ( at last for the last seven years ) . 
  before that for 11 years televoting was used , and before that it was only judges ( for about 40 years ) . 
  any bike manufactured in the last 15 years is made from aluminium . 
  unfortunately that 's not ferromagnetic . 
  yep , which is probably due to two things . 
  1 : higher turnout , a total turnout  80 % is projected . 
  2 : the ballot is fucking huge, 
  it 'd probably work fine . 
  i mean we even have a voting booth on an uninhabited island and there 's still a line to vote there . 
  yep . 
  apparently there were actually even two different colonnes riding from germany . 
  the dutch police halted one of them at the border , but the minister of family affairs was in the other one . 
  they were very explicitly trying to circumvent the diplomatic channels , that 's why the government is so upset . 
  going by what the mayor of rotterdam has said , during all the diplomatic chaos they were in talks with the turkish consulate in rotterdam and the consulate indicated that nobody else would be arriving that day . 
  however , then the turkish minister of family affairs started moving towards rotterdam . 
  the dutch government was very much not amused about being lied to by the consulate , and the minister of family affairs has no foreign policy functions . 
  to show turkey that they should not pull such tricks the turkish minister was escorted back to the country she came from . 
  not really . 
  usually it 's a bit more 2 large parties and some smaller ones , but on average dutch coalitions have 3.5 parties in them . 
  depending on the outcome the bets are either something like : viable 4-party coalition ( hodgepodge coalition containing : conservative-right , conservative , progressive , progressive-left ) :  vvd+cda+d 66 + [ pvda , gl ] viable 5-party coalition ( left-progressive coalition , but will only work if d66/gl end up larger than the cda as cda favors the previous ) :  d66 + gl+p vda + cda+sp . 
  note that the following parties have all stated they wo n't work with the pvv . 
  these are basically all parties with more than 5 % of the vote . 
  :  vvd , cda , d66 , gl , sp , pvda these parties together hold about 70 % of the vote to current predictions , meaning that a coalition with the pvv is nigh impossible ( unless someone wants to commit political suicide because one of the interesting points this campaign was just how badly parties were claiming they would n't cooperate with the pvv . 
  however , in the current state things can still shift a lot . 
  the exact coalition predictions will only be there in 4 days . 
  yes , it sucks for both sides , so how about we agree that generalizing any group of people is wrong and not say there 's a problem with a certain group of people , there 's a problem with certain individuals in this group . 
  that may be true , but the problem with discrimination is when people judge the individual only as part of a group . 
  you should only judge the individual by their actions , not because some other person from the same country did something . 
  constantly being referred to as a problem while you yourself have done nothing wrong sucks for any individual . 
  currently the most likely options are as follows . 
  vvd/d66/cda / [ gl , pvda ] - these are the only real options for a 4 party coalition d66/gl/cda / sp/pvda - this is one of the more likely 5 party coalitions , however it 'll only occur if cda is n't the largest out of the 5 probably . 
  and yes , the pvv wo n't be included because more than 70 % of the seats in polls belong to parties that have been very clear in saying they wo n't form a coalition with the pvv . 
  basically . 
  one interesting thing to note is that practically all large parties ( vvd/cda/d66 / gl/sp/pvda ) have said they wo n't form a coalition government with them due to their sheer idiocy , so they probably wo n't have any actual influence . 
  this is actually not true in the nl . 
  shifting parties is very common here due to the large spectrum of choices , which is why parties have + - 20 seats fluctuations between elections ( keep in mind that it almost never happens that parties get over 40 seats ) . 
  first of all , it has to be said that gl took quite a dive the last elections , so a bit of bounce back was to be expected . 
  second , the fall from grace of the pvda ( labour ) caused left/progressive voters to redistribute themselves . 
  gl was a very viable alternative as they 're not as extreme as the socialist party , and the d66 is more centrist progressive . 
  third , they elected their new leader , jesse klaver . 
  he 's pretty young compared to the rest , but he 's a very charismatic individual who is also bringing some idealism back to the stage . 
   the dutch and french with geert wilders and mlp have healthy levels of anti eu support . 
   the most popular party in the netherlands , pvv , is eusceptic . 
  he is leading the polls spoken like someone who has no bloody idea of the political situation here except for looking at polls once . 
  leading in the polls tends to mean fuck all here when there are currently 11 parties in parliament . 
  currently , being the largest party in our system has 0 actual value as even the largest party needs at least 3 more large parties to form a coalition government . 
  meanwhile , literally all large parties have indicated that they will absolutely never be in a coalition government with the pvv , both right , center , and left . 
  they 've been screaming this from the rooftops to the extent that disregarding this promise in coalition formation would be political suicide . 
  and the reason why they do this is quite simple . 
  the pvv is very divisive . 
  while their rhetoric gets them a certain group of voters , the rest of the voters absolutely despises them . 
  either way this means that the pvv has basically 0 chance of actually becoming a part of the coalition . 
  we do actually still have a logging industry , we just grow more than we destroy nowadays . 
  unfortunately forests do n't just appear on reclaimed land . 
  while we did plant lots of trees in many areas , this does n't just make them forests , it takes time for the proper ecology to form . 
  besides , while there 's little forests there , there 's huge amounts of grass and swampland . 
  this mostly has to do with the terrain being so low . 
  this map works pretty decently as a height map for the netherlands . 
  if anything , trees are actually a very integral part of our architecture . 
  you 'll see lots of them in cities and villages , to the point where villages can be 50 % green when seen from the top . 
  you 'll see rows of trees next to channels ( for structural integrity ) and roads ( to reduce noise and hide them from sight ) . 
  it 's actually pretty hard to be anywhere in the netherlands where the horizon is n't hidden behind rows of trees . 
  our capital amsterdam actually has around 1 tree per two persons living there ( [ 400.000 trees ] ( http://www.dutchamsterdam.nl/127-amsterdam-trees ) ) . 
   well he 's a fucking dumbass piece of shit then . 
  unfortunately the leaders of the afd and the front nationale were perfectly fine with getting on stage together with him . 
   you 're confusing shitty people like this geert wilder with the average person who just wants to live a quiet life without illegal immigrants stealing from them . 
  no i am not . 
  those people can vote for a couple of other parties which have a tough stance on illegals . 
  we have plenty of choice in our electoral system . 
   you say ` these people ' as if they 're all part of the same group . 
  because i was referring to people who embrace this ideology . 
  there are a couple of other parties with strict stances on immigration that do respect citizenship , so if you vote for the guy who advocates things that go against our constitution and human rights there are no excuses . 
   by seeing them all the same , you force the normal people with normal demands into fringe groups because no one else is listening . 
  but people are listening . 
  it 's just that there are these things like our constitution and human rights which the other parties want to abide by . 
  `` these '' people i was referring to are the people for whom those things do n't matter . 
   please stop doing this before what happened in the us happens in your country . 
  i would really rather it not happen in canada where i live , but i see it happening already . 
  and do what , lick the boots of those who do n't offer any solutions and are obviously just trying to get power towards themselves ? 
   edit : and now i see from another commenter that this geert wilder guy has n't even said he wants to remove citizenship , he just asked whether people wanted more or less immigrants . 
  good god man stop this madness before you force everyone with a brain into fringe crazy groups like the alt right . 
  unfortunately that interpretation of said statement makes no bloody sense as moroccan immigration at this time is completely insignificant compared to the amount of citizens from moroccan descent . 
   it can simply mean less influx of moroccoan immigrants . 
  i do n't see how that is controversial . 
  because that is n't the case . 
  moroccan immigration into the netherlands mainly happened from around 1945 to 1965 . 
  the people wilders complains about are their children or even grandchildren . 
  we already have quite strict immigration rules so the influx of people from morocco is negligible compared to the population of dutch citizens of moroccan descent . 
  the only way to reduce the size of this demographic within the netherlands would be to kick out citizens . 
  furthermore he has explicitly refused to limit his statement to illegals and/or criminals . 
  besides , i am not a fan of excusing politicians words because it might just be less bad than what he meant . 
  their job requires them to be well-spoken and they know exactly what they are saying . 
  they try to play both the extreme and non-extreme factions by making statements just on the edge of excusability , knowing fully how the extremist factions will interpret them . 
  we should never excuse such things just because they might just not be as bad as they sound . 
  see my reply [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5pg3k6/pope_draws_parallels_between_populism_in_europe/dcrafz9/ ), 
  hmm , i did n't even mention the word facism , or anything relating to the particular ideology .
