  this is both bullshit . 
  what a worthless shit-comment . 
  see you on the bottom of this thread . 
  jesus christ , the demographics here sure has changed a lot . 
  wow . 
  you seem to be a great person . 
  i really value your contribution to this submission . 
  do you know where the door is ? 
  if you like the previous mad max trilogy or movies about gasoline-worshipping post-apocalyptic desert tribes in general , you have no choice , really . 
   kaporszak\u00e1ll\u00fa what exactly is going on here ? 
  brussels haz failed in what is not its responsibility , so hungary has no choice but to do something stupid . 
  the bit about the id cards still freaks me out , are you sure your bloodline has n't been tainted by muricans ? 
  be honest , are you irish or one of those 1/xth irish from across the atlantic ? 
  yeah , that 's exactly what cameron 's negotiation strategy will look like : `` change something !, 
  we want change !, 
  the change of stuff and shit !, 
  politics in great britain looks like this : opposition parties paint the eu as enemy # 1 , government parties have the more risky task of painting the eu as enemy # 1 , while barley keeping the country inside . 
  the question is n't really whether britain leaves or stays , but how everybody else will manage to suffer cameron 's attempts to appear as a tough negotiator while desperately trying not to wreck the country for good . 
  no-est bra of the night ? 
  it 's the only other country with boomerangs and kangaroos , so ... 
  give us points , germany !, 
  edit : :(, 
  do you think it deserves this point ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i have no idea , this is silly . 
  remember 1938 ? 
  wien is called wien in finland ? 
  this is so weird . 
  die nervige bitch . 
  i already watched an older version , but you ca n't get a good look . 
  not a lot . 
  i do n't remember a single swedish eurovision contestant and/or winner other than abba . 
  sorry if i hurt anybody 's feelings . 
  when did sweden win last time ? 
  haha , i missed the lithuanian entry and in the recap they basically only show them kissing . 
  stop . 
  smiling . 
  send . 
  help . 
  sweden , australia , i like this crazy latvian thing a lot , too bad it 's not eurovision material . 
  shit , did i miss a crotch closeup ? 
  georgia is taking over romania 's vampire duties ? 
  holy christ , what is that ? 
  `` i think he goes to the same urologist as mickey rourke '' , austrian commentary , i have no idea wtf, 
  it 's going to score high , too bad i missed serbia , which the crowd and presenters seemed to have liked a lot . 
  unfair , ~ ~ i only know ~ ~ there is only one norwegian city . 
  i oslo would like to congratulate you . 
  i believe she took a time out and thinks about retiring . 
  no , graz . 
  if slovenia does n't make the top 3 , tina maze has to retire , deal ? 
  damn , it 's tonight , not tomorrow ? 
  did it already start ??? 
  why should i believe it was an accident ? 
  posting snapshots of your penis on facebook might be an accident , sending a sms intended for your mistress to your wife instead is an accident , but mailing some plan to a newspaper is a little harder to imagine being an accident . 
  that 's the funny thing , most likely point of origin is one of the states farthest away from bosnia , it does n't have * anything * to do with it other than the name . 
  somewhere i read that people in austria are/were supposed to identify bosnia with spicy food , which i can not confirm either . 
  it is generally viewed as a joke , a bad show with shit music , artists that `` do n't represent their country well '' , music that is most of the time not good enough to be played on the radio , people do n't vote for the right songs , for wrong reasons , as probably almost everywhere . 
  it was only on european-minded internet communities where i personally found a different interpretation : `` europe ( and friends ) meets once a year to be silly together '' . 
  the songcontest started to become somewhat popular in the early 2000s , when cabaretists and comedians started to moderate the show in a satirical manner on tv . 
  we are now at a point where this effect works without those comedians . 
  the worst thing that can happen to the eurovision songcontest is that people start to take it serious ( again ? ), 
  and we get too much well made , but boring music . 
  fake !, 
  how should the poor fellow know whom to vote for without a kalashnikov pointed to his head ? 
  haha , were they involved in some shit around 1815 too ? 
  i do n't remember anything . 
  i do n't remember your nick , but reading your comments in here you should reconsider your approach to online conversations , life and everything else . 
  what he sez 'd !!!!, 
  poor boy . 
  do u really thinkz this what he sezed ? 
  [ bosna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosna_%28sausage%29 ), 
  also everybody knows that romanians ride in horse carts instead of buses . 
  he ca n't help it , it 's eu law . 
  quick , downvote the comment again , it 's still twitching . 
  poor little veterans , let 's all thank them for their service . 
  innocently walking around in ukraine on the day ~ ~ the nazis where defeated ~ ~ russia celebrates its military might . 
  come for the whores , stay for the meth :p, 
  they always had the prettiest , the race is really just for second place , 
  oh , i thought there 's a liberal lefty do-gooder bias here . 
  oh , the one without the newborn porn . 
  i saw that one too , well for a couple of minutes at least . 
  it 's not even necessarily a bad movie , but i got fed up with the youth culture bullshit . 
  yes , i 'm old . 
  this is only a matter of attitude . 
  if she does n't allow herself to be embarrassed , there 's no problem . 
  the problem is possible more getting used to the life style and taking up the special habits that come with the job . 
   ... required to have a ** working ** age verification . 
  what do you mean ? 
  edit : oh , you mean for the viewers ? 
  downvoted for apparently butthurt about whatever . 
  conchita !!, 
  woohh !!, 
  the poverty point is definitely true if you look at eastern europe in general , but ironically least so for czechia and hungary . 
  it does n't even have to be because of outright poverty . 
  you can earn very decent money by normal standards , with little `` training '' , especially compared with other widely available career options ( secretary , hairdresser , grocery-store-shelf-stuffer-dudette ) . 
  it could also be that the casting agencies are currently plundering the pool there until they move somewhere else . 
  the czech wave in porn is a rather recent thing , a couple of years ago romania was one of the leading countries , now they are rather rare . 
  hungary has the prettiest girls , simple as that . 
  i do n't know the format of the show , but probably somebody was voted out ? 
  yes , there 's a heavy anti-stuff-you-believe-in bias on this sub and the internet in general .
