  if there is anything worth listening to , i am not aware of it . 
  edit : one stream i listen to regularly nowadays is [ musica machina ] ( http://www.facebook.com/musicamachina ) , every saturday 23:00 cet on http://radiocittaperta.it/ . 
  wide range of electronic music with a synthetic italian voice-over . 
  i have no idea what they are talking about , but it is probably * very * deep . 
  1 . a cookie 2 . another cookie 3 . one more cookie !, 
  4 . a warm glass of milk, 
  oh , ok , i thought you were talking about the election . 
   ... sign their names at the lukashenko booth ... 
  does this mean in the elections there are different voting booths for each candidate ? 
  your brains are stuck . 
   i think yes , we know . 
  there were 6 of these fun-question-maps , btw : [ / r/europe submission ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1in7zz/30k_survey_the_fun_question_results_as_maps/ ) [ imgur album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/8fgr1 ), 
  in austria they came forward with an aggressive proposal of `` temporary asylum '' , like only until the conflict is over . 
  wow , what a novel idea . 
  but it still allows the politicians to appear hardcore in front of the morons . 
  for those who do not know : 5 years is the maximum time for asylum anyway because if the conflict is still going , it turns into permanent right of residence . 
  i respect your opinion even though it is wrong . 
  they used to , but i have n't visited that sub in quite some time . 
  even if the meddling in ukraine stops , the relations between europe and russia can never be restored to the previous levels , unless , * maybe * , another president breaks with the past publicly denounces this behavior . 
  you were n't here when the ukraine thing started , right ? 
  russian trolls tend to be downvoted into oblivion here , that 's why you do n't see this behavior anymore . 
  a [ `` panther '' shooting fire out of all its body orifices ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6cykm6z.png ) , why ? 
  farage : derp !, 
  i prefer * anything * over this referring to countries as persons . 
   you 're a complete , and utter , fucking idiot . 
  what do europeans think of duffy duck ? 
  this system is pretty much exclusive to the german speaking parts of the world . 
  and you have to realize what a elaborate system that is , the english term `` apprenticeship '' might not be enough to encompass it . 
  to those that are not familiar with it , it might only mean work for no or very little pay . 
   hauptstra\u00dfe  feldgasse  bahnhofstra\u00dfe  kirchengasse  schulgasse  schulstra\u00dfe  birkenweg  hauptplatz  dorfstra\u00dfe  berggasse the most frequent street names are pretty generic : main street or square , field , railway station , school , church , village , mountain street . 
  in my experience most roads are named after regions of the country , historical persons or events , things people want to be recognized and remembered . 
  but they are not in the list because there are n't hundreds of them in the country with the same name . 
  yum !, 
  you a funny guy . 
  there is no discussion possible anyway , from the very start . 
  people are mixing up the terms immigrant and refugee all the time , and deliberately so . 
  some people are fearmongering against asylum seekers because some of them might not be legitimate . 
  in the real world this translates to people are fearmongering against asylum seekers because some of them might not be granted asylum . 
  the problem at hand is only to find a system to process these masses of people and then ... 
  yes !!!, 
  really !!!, 
  ... provide for those of them that are granted asylum . 
  nobody is asking to give asylum to those that do n't qualify for it . 
  but they need to get here before anybody can find out . 
  it 's shitty to have a referendum about such a thing . 
  well sorry then , refugees , back to war with you !, 
  because this is a democracy and that means we 're following the decisions of people that ca n't even comprehend what is going on , as long as they can form a mob . 
  fernw\u00e4rme / district heating , the only way to have the gobbelment decide when to turn the heating on . 
  yeah , it works with all caloric power plants ( gas , oil , coal , nuclear , ... ) and it 's highly recommended , as it increases overall efficiency dramatically . 
  you know , i read about this company maybe a few months ago , and so far this looks like it is mostly marketing . 
  they do electrical drive trains ( actually a serious engineering effort , if it is true ) and batteries . 
  they buy the battery cells ( the battery in my book ) from the common producers and what they actually seem to build is battery management , like temperature control , and chargers . 
  it is an important part of an electric car , because all you can do is try to get the most out of the current battery technology until the next scientific break-through , which is not going to be made in some garage , but all articles so far are so sensationalist that i ca n't even tell for sure what is going on in actual reality . 
  haha , i feared i would never meet one of you guys hahah . 
  let 's make a historical movie about poland , what could go wrong , they said . 
  it is not absolute because the law says so , it is absolute because it is one of the balancing mechanisms that make joining all those national economies into the single market possible . 
  yes . 
   ( is that last sentence grammatically correct ? 
  reads weirdly ) no . 
  :p changes -  chances , and drop one of the `` being `` s. otherwise it looks ok . 
  why are they talking about airlines when the dispute is about airplane manufacturers ? 
  yes . 
  of all european tech events , that are held in portugal for the first time , it is the largest ? 
  the timing is funny , days after bosnia 's application for eu membrship was accepted . 
  gnu/linux refers to the bare operating system , not any user space programs . 
  biodegradable exactly means that the matter can be broken down by microorganisms . 
  compostable , as in the article , means that the result of such is compost , humus . 
  the 350 million weekly tribute the uk will no longer have to pay to the continental empire . 
  it can only be a violation if it means that eu producers have a disadvantage compared to french ones . 
   linus gnu is more stallmann 's baby . 
  why do you think that 's likely ? 
  omfg , different opinions , omfg . 
  how do we get rid of them ? 
  quick !, 
  sloppiness that creeped in over time . 
  the decision of the constitutional court was against this sloppiness and not because the results could have been different or because anybody thought that was some actual vote manipulation . 
  and now they 're playing 100 % by the book and are calling envelopes back because the there 's a 1cm wide glue-free patch on the lid . 
  it is laughable , but nobody wants to risk another election rerun . 
  the only serious issue brought up was that projected results are published before the last voting station closes . 
  funnily , this decision is opposed the most , because people do n't want to wait for the results until late night . 
  and you downvoted my post , why exactly ? 
  lol, 
  actually , the image looks like most do n't support multiple citizenship . 
  did you count them ? 
  haha . 
  no , because the goals are different . 
  an eu army can take over defense of the whole eu area , including the countries within , much more efficiently . 
  but this is not the only military goal of all members , for everything else they have to maintain national military forces , they still save money on territorial defense . 
  is eternity already over ? 
  was the 60 year break a hoax ? 
  what is going on , i do n't understand . 
  my point is that there is no such thing as an eternal alliance . 
  can you not read ? 
  an army is one thing that will definitely not work commanded by `` committee '' . 
  there has to be a eu military command , although it will be appointed by the member states , and the army will be defending common eu interests , like guarding the outer border of the eu , not those of any particular member states . 
  for the same reason a potential eu army will not replace national armies , they will exist in parallel . 
  later on some states might decide that the eu army defends their interests well enough to dismantle the national military or downsize it considerably . 
  austria for example has no other military goals than to keep its borders how they are . 
  it 's going to be a bigger challenge than anything else before , but in the long run there is no alternative . 
  that 's how it 's going to be .
