  listen , i want you to turn on the one brain cell to full duty ( overload emergency protocol ) now , this is important : asylum seekers and immigrants are not the same !, 
  repeat after me : `` asylum seekers and immigrants are not the same ! '', 
  no they are not stopped , because people have a right to asylum . 
   also , who will sort out refugees and migrants before quotas ? 
  they are not sorted out before quotas , but after quotas . 
   but there is nothing to connect with quotas . 
  no solution . 
  just quotas and if they will be impossed , more quotas its not part , its the solution from what we heard . 
  quotas means that the influx of asylum seekers is split up . 
  you do n't need to plan what follows . 
   we will take some , but people who are likely to be assimilated/integrated , ... asylum seekers and immigrants are not the same , until you understand that it 's not much use talking to you . 
   v4 after only one day i am already sick of this thing . 
  v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 v4 . 
  is this like a v2 but twice as good ? 
  quotas are the most important part of any solution , because otherwise these masses ca n't even be processed , not mentioning anything else . 
  just like romania elects their prime minister directly . 
  how `` sensible '' to let southern europe shoulder the burden alone . 
  austria is neutral too , and emotionally very attached to it , but frankly i believe that this kind of neutrality is an anachronism . 
  switzerland might be able to keep pulling it off , but i would want austria to be involved in europe , not necessarily militarily , but you ca n't have one without the other . 
  to get this one in quickly before the next wave of smartasses : george bush never really said it . 
  now with these two things out of the way , there 's nothing stopping anyone from smiling and maybe even laughing about a funny sentence !, 
  240 minutes is 4 hours !, 
  one hour is exactly 60 minutes and 4 times 60 is 240 minutes in total !, 
  it took you a full ** four hours ** to respond to my comment . 
  i was already wondering why the smartasses take so long . 
  they do n't want you to know , spread the word . 
  the french have no word for `` entrepreneur '' . 
  they are simply not ready , yet . 
  for half a century they were russia 's pets , a situation that many people found humiliating , but also freed them of any responsibility . 
  why submit this bullshit video and not the article ? 
  all photos from turkish refugee camps i have seen portray them as extremely orderly and well managed , as examples on how to do it right . 
  not that refugees in turkey are a hot topic though . 
  and now we have a hungarian complaining to the rest of the world ( = some other user from somewhere else ) that hungary is treated badly . 
  negative press about something !, 
  on the internet of all places !, 
  not a true patriots !, 
  completely worthless comment , whatever you think of decisions made in germany recently . 
  it is completely within the rights of the country of application to deport them , without any hardliner rhetoric or other bullshit necessary . 
  if it is safe where they are coming from , asylum is refused and they are deported anyway . 
  is n't it a running gag here that switzerland and norway are n't european ? 
  * s\u00e4ugetier * basically means suckling animal . 
  14 trillion = 1.4 e13 200 million = 2e8 2e8/1 .4 e13 = 1.42e-5 = 1.42e-3 % = 0.00142 % ? 
  does any historical development correlate with the 1978ff plateau in the eastern block data ? 
  the funny thing is that none of that is in any way related to the eu . 
  people are pissed off , so they vote to leave the eu :d, 
   there has to be a middle ground where we help the people in need but at the same time dont let us get abused for our good intentions . 
  yes , the people apply for asylum and if they meet the requirements , they get it . 
  if not , they do n't . 
   2 ) institute a need based ... seconded . 
  we could call it asylum . 
  spread the word !, 
  the leftist politicians do n't want you to know !, 
  uhum . 
  i still had the script from last time lying around : as far as i remember , first level comments with the full text answer are considered . 
  might be bugged . 
  yes , yet again . 
  brits say the darnest shit . 
  the number for austria is lower , but the bar is higher than the one for sweden , for example . 
  could be that the number is the average between 2011 and 2015 . 
  looks plausible . 
  no , asylum seekers seek asylum , immigrants immigrate . 
  try to memorize this sentence . 
  low intelligence does n't mean that you can not remember some of the most basic facts of the world . 
  do n't give up . 
  i really need you guys to make a distinction between immigrants and asylum seekers . 
  it 's important , you know . 
  thank you for your ~ ~ contribution ~ ~ service to this submission and the world . 
  as somebody who takes this estimate seriously as fuck , all i can say is that the remaining 800k refugees need to hurry up , there 's only 4 more months to go . 
  well , i do n't mean whether you think that any former-yugoslav nation could have gotten more out of the conflict , i mean do you think nato intervention led to more or less people suffering and dying in the region than without it ? 
  all things considered , would you say the intervention in yugoslavia did more good or bad ? 
   100m is roughly 330 feet . 
  330 feet is roughly 100m , for those of us who prefer sane units . 
  haha , incredible how sheltered eastern europe was all this time . 
   all the political correctness in the world wo n't change reality . 
  it can if the leftists forget about freedom of speech if it is not convenient to them and if they silence opinions they do n't agree with . 
  blah blah blah . 
  food for thought . 
  oh noes , those disorderly ~ ~ people ~ ~ literally the worst scum ever left garbage on the floor , forcing the cleaning guy to pause his work to take a picture . 
  what drives those people to throw it on the floor instead of the recycling bin ? 
  i will never understand such behavior . 
  on all bottles i ever bought it said it 's a latvian product . 
  absolut is poison . 
  i had a decent polish one recently , wyo. . . wyo. . . something , no , * wyborova * . 
  they have it at merkur , 
  not-buy them then !, 
  shut up . 
  is n't odessa a bit of a luxury holiday destination in ukraine ? 
  that 's a good fucking question . 
  none that anybody wants to ask themselves though . 
  everybody claims asylum , then they are processed like fucking normal and the asylum is either granted or not . 
  if asylum is granted , it is right to give them minimum benefits , if it is not granted , there are no benefits . 
  end of story . 
  end of sensationalist media headlines . 
  `` where 's the proof !? 
  '' , aka the * lavrov defense * . 
  that 's not what he was saying at all . 
  that 's what 's going on inside of your head . 
  keep it there . 
  yes , i am offended by your stupidity , finger-pointing and whataboutism , all of which is completely uncalled for in this situation . 
  and why exactly are you saying that ?
