  ** nice and interesting to look at , that 's all . 
  ** * but ichbinsisyphos , if it is not balanced , wo n't people get a completely wrong picture of romanians and start to think of us poorly ? 
  ** silence !, 
  ** * are you completely sure everybody already knows that not all people from romania are roma ? 
  because they are not !, 
  ** ... ** ** now that this is clear , why is this submission worse ? 
  ** exactly because it tries to be balanced , it is uninteresting , compromising , a mix of unrelated feel-good-pictures that aim for one thing alone : not to offend . 
  great , objective met , see you in the other thread !, 
  still , the girl does n't look gypsy to me , her skin tone is relatively dark , but that could also be from regular visits to the solarium . 
  for some reason my eyes refuse to focus on anything but her pelvis , i think she wants children from me , somewhere between 5 and 7 to be exact , but that only as a side note . 
  the guy on the right does n't look gypsy to me either , although i am prepared to be corrected , as his facial features look rather strange to me . 
  all in all it 's a great photo , i like the gentle look of the guy on the left , he found his inner peace and never again lost in a knife fight , ever since . 
   you omitted the most gypsy of them , the two guys with the girl in the middle \\ # 19 ? 
  do n't look overly gypsy to me . 
  grammar-naziing is no longer considered cool , go with the times !, 
  the first three and the last do n't look gypsy to me . 
  that was just a guess , but i was beginning to have doubts myself . 
  forget it . 
  wikipedia says : it 's a region disputed between azerbaijan and armenia , which makes it `` pretty much a non-country '' . 
  the dude seems to be azerbaijani . 
  you have n't even scratched the surface of the romanian post-90s identity . 
  they have a superiority complex regarding their neighbors and an inferiority complex towards the west . 
  they are romance , they want to be viewed as italians or spanish . 
  being remind of the fact that they are neither hurts them . 
  posting pictures of romania or mentioning the fact that gypsies live there is just part of the bigger conspiracy of romania not being italy . 
  a little disclaimer : i am not generalizing this for all romanians but it is common enough to be considered when interacting with * any * romanian . 
  you 've been warned . 
  an eastern european without an inferiority complex is an eastern european not worth having . 
   finland deported a large number of estonians to the soviet union . 
  i 've been thinking about it ... this was probably in the 40s , right ? 
  i am sure lots of nasty stuff happened in the period immediately after wwii , but i do n't think this continued after the cold war was properly cooled down . 
  i am pretty sure that nobody was sent back behind the iron curtain , i do n't even know how this should have been possible . 
  can you try to explain what you are trying to say ? 
  germany gets ~ 50 % of it 's electricity from coal , as i found out recently . 
  brace yourselves for new nuclear power plants . 
  yeah , if you want to be pedantic ... but let 's not  a nice anectote about the loss on distance : when solar power got big in bavaria they sent the excess electricity through not yet up-to-date eastern european power grids to burn it . 
  many types power plants have a little storage capacity . 
  a river can be damed up at least a little before it overflows , gas turbines can be kept turned off , etc etc. 
  also the more people , the wider the area connected through a single grid , the more power usage is evened out . 
  this is a storage-capacity-equivalent a huge power grid can profit from . 
  a larger net means that you can also send around energy more , you can get rid of excess energy ( the sun and the wind do n't care about when you need the energy ) and import when you do n't produce enough . 
  a large power net actually is the cheapest form of energy storage . 
  i 'm not even jugo , but the nostaglia is bringing tears to my eyes . 
  hold out , bayerreich will come and anschluss you into freedom !, 
  belgium and netherlands i can believe , but what is going on in northern italy ? 
  i do n't understand , are you suggesting to use uranium-238 in fission reactors ? 
  naturally found uranium only contains the u-235 and u-238 isotopes . 
  other isotopes exist , but only as fission products of other radioactive elements . 
  you should mark this day in a calendar , i doubt you will say anything more stupid in your whole life . 
  processing facilities had a hard time keeping up with increased demand , mostly because of the solar power surge . 
  that does in no way mean that the chemical element silicon is running out . 
  the price of silicon is long down again , even before the additional facilities are ready . 
   there 's much more uranium and thorium available for humanity than there is silicon wow , that 's quite a bold claim . 
  who is this poroshenko dude ? 
  and in my humble opinion , klitschko did n't shine during the time of the protests . 
  how many times did he sign an agreement to stop the protest just to have his name in the news , while at the same time having not the slightest support from the protesters . 
  you could say that he had the lives of the protesters in mind , but you could also say that his actions did nothing but undermine their efforts . 
  `` proporz '' / `` parteibuchwirtschaft '' , secret saving accounts , ... all this normal stuff . 
  who or what is a widf ? 
  some freemason conspiracy ? 
  i feel that austria profited from eu-induced liberalism . 
  in the sense that people are more free to do what they want within the limits of the law , and that the law is guided by a few clear principles , that are not overridden every time it seems convenient . 
  small countries tend to have a problem with social pressure towards an unhealthy level of conformity . 
  i do n't see why smaller countries should be less authoritarian in nature . 
  if people do n't object to * anything * you need no force to get what you want , though  a direct democratic model like the swiss one would definitely be harder in a larger country , but in switzerland you have exactly this problem of people unduly meddling in the business of others all of the time . 
  in large countries you have the potential problem of a central government being far away from the people and therefor being less accountable . 
  you have no real idea of and no control over what 's going on there . 
  again , going by the example of austria you do n't necessarily have less corruption with a smaller size/population . 
  looking back , it 's laughable what was deemed acceptable as * our way * , there was n't even a need to hide anything . 
   legitimate interests this should be voted ugliest word of the year 2014 . 
  what interests russia has in any region of the world is their own ( fucking ! ), 
  problem . 
  interests , no matter how `` legitimate '' , are not binding for other countries . 
  * too risky * is just an euphemism for * not enough vodka * . 
   this really is n't even about open standards . 
  the reason why for example libreoffice ca n't replace office is n't because it ca n't open office documents 100 % accurately , hell even office ca n't open 100 % accurately files created in different office version , the reason is because the ui and functionality are missing . 
  the problem you are describing is exactly about missing open standards . 
  what you are expecting is that open - / libreoffice is copying msoffice , which it ca n't since the specifications are only known to microsoft . 
  that openoffice can open ms documents as well as it does is a miracle , because much of it was guess work . 
  the bigger issue , the elephant in the room so to say , is that people are accepting ms products as the defacto standard and expect other software to copy its functionality , at all . 
  there are more than enough linux programs that provide functionality similar to active directory/exchange/msoffice , but none of them works identical to the microsoft versions and none is quite usable as a drop-in-replacement . 
  open document standards are very important in the long term , only then you can have real competition in the field . 
  about your master thesis : look at latex and dream about what it could have looked like ... 
   the opposition and some media outlets are not happy about the fact , that denmark can not legislate so that eu-citizens have to live and pay taxes for a certain amount of time in order to be eligible for this benefit , since this would be against current eu-law . 
  why the hell not ? 
  almost every social security in austria is an insurance . 
  you pay into it before you are eligible to take something out . 
  you just can not make it different for nationals and citizens of other eu member states . 
  wtf . 
  could it be they just wanted to know whether he was in debt ? 
  it is common here to ask for a bank statement over the previous 3 months to make sure that people are not hopping from one bank to another and keep piling on more debt . 
  i do n't know how this works , but it seems that more than 90 % of all electricity used in sweden comes from hydro and nuclear energy . 
  i can only guess that you import energy at peak times and export it at other times . 
  as all the main energy trading partners are within one or two time zones , some other country has to take care of the fluctuations during the day . 
  there are alternatives to natural gas , but nuclear , hydro , wind and solar power are not it , well at least not as long as you ca n't store half of a country 's daily energy needs somehow . 
  be sure to look up the terms mentioned above if you find the time , so that you at least know what i am talking about . 
  oh , a nuclear power internet warrior . 
  i do n't know you but i can already say that i really , really like you !, 
  google `` base load '' and `` peak load '' as used in the context of energy consumption and then try to explain to me how a nuclear power plant would switch between 20 % and 100 % duty cycle around 3 times a day . 
  hint : it ca n't .
