  i mean seriously , i am completely lost there . ~ ~, 
  ot , but i hereby gift the world the term `` self-phobing russian '' . 
  yeah but is n't that just one more reason to believe that the word has no actual meaning to them ? 
  hahaha , they really called her a fascist . 
  seriously now , is this a general purpose insult there , like you would call somebody an asshole elsewhere ? 
  or are they serious ? 
  makes sense . 
  i wonder if that works , you can find several austrian people with my name in google . 
  it 's weird , but one even lived in my old hometown , only that he 's ~ 15 years younger . 
  and it 's by no means one of the more common austrian names . 
  the amount of work they 'd have to invest to not delete information of the wrong person would be incredible . 
  ~ ~ maths , do you speak it ? ~ ~ ~ ~ 1 . 
  the uk rebate is 2/3 of the uk 's net contribution that would apply whitout the rebate ( do you agree ? 
  the diagrams says the rebate is worth 3.6 bn ( do you agree ? 
  3.6 bn is 2/3 of 5.4 bn ( do you agree ? 
  ) ~ ~ ~ ~ -  5.4 bn is the net balance without the rebate ( do you agree ? 
  ) ~ ~ ~ ~ -  it 's net contribution after the rebate is 5.4 bn - 3.6 bn = 1.8 bn ( do you agree ? 
  ) ~ ~ ~ ~ that 's makes the net contribution per capita roughly 28 $ , easily the lowest amount of all net payers . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ that 's exactly what i 've been talking about , the balance ** does not ** include the rebate , check it yourself ( +12.1 bn - 6.7 bn = 5.4 bn ) . 
  5.4 bn - 3.6 bn = 1.8 bn net contribution ( exactly 1/3 of 5.4 bn , its net contribution without the rebate ) , which means in absolute terms it is on par with the netherlands , a country of 16 million people . ~ ~ ~ ~ edit : in the same logic , the diagram also does not include the increased contributions of the other eu members because of the uk rebate . 
  france 's and italy 's net contribution is easily 1.2 bn higher than what you see in the pic . ~ ~, 
  you kind of lost me here . 
  seems a little much effort for a one-time punishment . 
  does the uk benefit from european food security less than other eu members ? 
  it is calculated by a formula , but do n't ask me how it looks exactly . 
  the formula might be a subject of negotiation . 
   this was because the netherlands and austria also have smaller agricultural sectors than france . 
  this was because germany , sweden , austria and the netherlands opposed the rebate to the end , while france and italy gave in . 
  it is a net contributor , but not `` one of the larger '' ones , especially not on a per capita basis . 
  when you are looking at statistics and diagrams , search for sources and descriptions . 
  the uk rebate is calculated at the very , very end , after the budget and all money flows between eu members are set . 
  actually , most diagrams i 've seen do n't take the rebate into consideration . 
  not sure i would scrap the cap . 
  it 's not about distributing money around but european food security . 
  federal state of new russia . 
  discuss :p does russia get anything out of these micro/nano states popping up over the place ? 
  i am talking about abkhazia , south ossetia , ... are those dots on the map any use as buffer zones that russia likes to have at their borders ? 
  i would guess they are n't . 
  are they able to stir up enough trouble to influence decisions in the countries they formerly belonged to ? 
  they do n't want to . 
  it 's a completely domestic thing . 
  there 's many things to gain from attacking the eu , from attacking people supporting the eu , from putting blame on the eu , ... some people are now stuck in this mode , but even those are not representative of the british population . 
  as soon as a party manages to take over the government it becomes their task to keep britain inside . 
  cameron is not pro or contra eu , it 's just his turn . 
  this whole british clown show will go on until there 's a referendum . 
  then they either leave and suck it up for 40-50 years until they can join again , or they stay and anti-eu is off the table in domestic politics , because the threat is no longer credible . 
  pssst , russia called you shithead the other day !, 
  what i like the most is that i am out of here in a little less than a year  yay !, 
  ohh , wait , there is something : girls dress more provocatively . 
  man , i love girl 's asses in tight jeans and leggings . 
  it 's almost like you have your penis sewn onto your body after several years and it 's working again ( where the severed penis is code for * city of graz * ) . 
  come to think of it , i am going to miss it . 
  not a german and i am not up to date , but because i remembered something infuriating right now : we once even had to go to a confession , i was maybe 11 or 12 years old at the time , so i did n't object or know whether i could , they did n't exactly offer it to us as a choice and nobody knew beforehand . 
  ** surprise confession !, 
  ** so i went in there and made up something bad i supposedly did and the guy in the funny dress absolved me and gave me some great tips how to improve myself and to become an overall better person . 
  ** man , this was ages ago , but i am still ready to kill when i 'm reminded of it . 
  let 's not exaggerate , i 've been in more humiliating situations since , but up until the age of 11 this was definitely the worst . 
  maybe my relationship with the church would be better today if not for this experience . 
  confirmation happened completely outside of the school framework and we sometimes went to an eucharist ( ? 
  ) , opt out possible , but only by specific demand of the parents . 
  those things were handled more or less like a school trip . 
   til yeah , keep on learning , buddy . 
  today , tomorrow , every day !, 
  oh so each region are worth a certain number of representatives and the votes from there are counted separately ? 
  what are the french regions even ? 
  i thought france is one of the most centrally governed countries in europe . 
  and what about the subdivisions of poland ? 
  funny that many federations are monolithic blocks on the map . 
  that 's the reason why i was still cautious as somebody who does n't follow romanian politics closely enough . 
  selectively enforced anti-corruption measures are just another form of corruption . 
  but maybe the parties take turns in prosecuting each other in the coming years , 
  why are some countries subdivided and others not ? 
  good luck . 
  oh , well , let 's get rid of junker to appease the trolls . 
  i am seriously sick of everything coming from uk politicians nowadays , i would cease all political and diplomatic business with them until after the referendum . 
  yes , with a right to opt out , until the age of 14 for the parents , afterwards for the students themselves . 
  the teachers are sometimes but not always priests , paid for by the state . 
  the courses are held during normal class time in the schools . 
  in my own school years i opted out as soon as i could , it 's the most ridiculous thing our education system has to offer , no matter how your opinion on religion is . 
  oh , that 's how you meant it . 
  care to explain this private maths of yours ? 
  oh , what an eye-opener , you 've really broadened my narrow worldview . 
  thank you and shut up now . 
  the point is , that your proposal to counterbalance anti-russian articles with pro-russian ones goes exactly into the wrong direction and will turn / r/europe into a shithole . 
  pro- / anti-something has to take the backseat to informational value . 
  this is not your , or anybody else 's , personal propaganda playground . 
  let 's post interesting ones instead ? 
  i have no objection to any individual submission you have made so far , but to the obvious intend to bring every article on the internet , that is critical of russia , here . 
  i was suprised to read here a couple of times that there are people living kind of a normal life on one of those $ 400 jobs in germany . 
  i still do n't know how this should be possible , but i know you should n't try that in austria ( unless you plan to starve in summer or freeze to death in winter ) . 
  what is this taste in politics you are talking about and what is so interesting about it ? 
  read the post again , buddy . 
  there will be one . 
  as i imagine it there does n't even have to be lot more other integration before . 
  you need somebody on the eu level that makes the political decisions for defense purposes concerning the eu as a whole , a couple of people yelling orders , a little military command hardware and infrastructure and every eu-member keeping a contingent ready that can be requested by the eu . 
  as late as february 2014 i 'd have agreed with you , but by april i changed my mind : the risk in just sitting around and quietly accepting the military interventions of other countries in the european neighborhood is greater than the risk that a eu military is becoming too pro-active . 
  well , he looks inevitable anyway . 
  personally , i 've not been very impressed with what i 've seen from him , i do n't know him very well , though . 
  there is something incredibly disgusting about this whole `` merkel promised me the commission president post '' thing we 've been reading about for some time . 
  they can be adapted to different uses , hospital ships or command vessels for example .
