  it just means that the ships will be on the target list if they are part of a missile defense , which is quite natural . 
  in other words , russia is running around , reminding everybody in the most subtle manner possible , that it haz nukez !, 
  i am not even talking about france specifically , my experiences have been in austria . 
  i see a problem similar to the music industry on the horizon . 
  the providers have their business model , they have it for a very long time and they are not planning to adapt . 
  well , it is a fictional transcription of one regional austrian ** dialect ** of the austro-bavarian language family , if you want to be pedantic . 
   and yes you can have the bavarians . 
  well , hand them over . 
  i call the president right now , i am sure we can arrange something . 
  the csu has to stay up there , though . 
  i think it is more a general real-socialist stereotype . 
  military-like behavior , even sub-german joy in life , eats some kind of pulp and potato every day . 
  i am not sure how serious those exact proposals are but i 've heard many proposals equally or more retarded in relation to schemes that allow ips to finance infrastructure upgrades . 
  better check twice before you dismiss it as conspiratard shit . 
  well , it 's a dialect . 
  no , can not into . 
   european community did n't welcome russia at all . 
  well , yeah , fuck it . 
  what is necessary is that energy providers and legislators take it into account . 
  i am getting a little sick of the stuff they bitching about all of the time . 
  i had one boss of a local energy provider fantasize about a penalty tax for private solar electricity producers at peak times , because the 19th century technology , paid off 60 years ago , they are milking for free cash can not deal with it . 
  oh thanks , almost forgot about it . 
  interesting that you do n't see anything without dark glasses , although it looks like it 's a bit darker all around . 
  and no clouds now unlike 1999 . 
  that 's true for iraq , but wrong for afghanistan . 
  well , nato cooperated in afghanistan , but not iraq . 
  iraq was maybe many things , but not a nato case . 
  afghanistan , arguably , was . 
  i am not sure i am missing your point here , but you ca n't just mix up iraq and afghanistan like that . 
   but you 're correct -- hell , a lot of countries refused subsanitive material support during the iraq/afghanistan war . 
  some aided very little ( translators , communication engineers , etc ) and others not at all . 
  and nato invoked article v during that case . 
  afghanistan and iraq were different conflicts , there was nato cooperation on in afghanistan , but not iraq . 
  there 's a rumor that what you are saying are lies . 
  you will do as he says !, 
  the kind of american who did n't get a lot of exposure to the rest of the world . 
  go spend your time on some other sub , there are more than enough for your kind . 
  do n't make us merge , you wo n't like it when we merge . 
  i ca n't possibly think of a worse choice :p, 
   my austrian friend what is this about , exactly ? 
  well , i care a lot for involving members , but i do n't care much for economical chauvinism . 
  there 's an advantage to having all decisions made in one place , with all institutions and all involved people near all the time . 
  but there are more than enough downsides to concentrating all power over an almost 500mio people union in one tiny place . 
  as it stands now , there are many member states condemned to , and quite complacent with , being backbenchers and subsidy receivers . 
  this is something that has to stop and involving them in such a way would be a possible way out . 
  and you ca n't compare an eu army command somewhere else with the eu parliament having to commute between france , belgium and luxembourg all of the time . 
  i think it would have a galvanizing effect if the institutions are spread out a little . 
  of course there 's also the financial standpoint , countries with such institutions create income from it . 
  although this would be a great opportunity to put an eu institution somewhere else than brussels . 
  maybe towards the east , poland could be an option in the future . 
  haha , the sign language guys from the last eurovision were great too . 
  sounds like he does n't have a lot to translate into sign language , though . 
  the greatest diplomat of our time !, 
  with the comfort of online anonymity i need you all to know right now that i shave my armpits , balls and ass hair . 
  i started doing it in a time when i did a lot of sports and started to notice a unpleasent sweaty smell that seemed to got stuck in the hair . 
  if i had to guess , i would say the majority does not shave their armpits , although some , especially younger guys , consider it a normal part of their hygiene routine . 
  on the other hand there seems to be a masculinity ritual involved in not shaving , especially for 30 + guys , because `` only women have to shave '' , which also means that some guys are uncomfortable admiting that they shave any other part of their bodies than the face . 
  arm pits and ass hair are normal routine for me , but shaved balls are awesome . 
  i would say the balls are my favourate body part to shave , followed by the head as a close second . 
  unfortunately there is also a sigma involved in shaving the head . 
  people generally seem to hate everything that is fun . 
  he does have a point though . 
  greece ' threats ( wwii reparations , russia , ... ) are impotent , in general do nothing to improve the mood and piss off the german ( and european ) population . 
  though , simply observing sch\u00e4uble these days , i am not sure if playing nice is the way to go . 
  there 's a lot of hate just below the surface on all sides . 
  this is now where you can no longer resist doing a google image search . 
  like the welsh love their sheep ? 
  amazing how they are doing everything to become more dependent . 
  the news about iceland `` dropping membership bid '' remind me a bit of the news about eta giving up the armed fight . 
  it 's all because of the gypsies !!!, 
  oh wait , wrong country . 
  war is not a good theme for a $ coin . 
  you seemingly did not read the emails she wrote . 
  out of context my ass . 
  what is funny is that she is ridiculously unfit for her job . 
  the fun part is that decisions like this for reasons like these by people like that are made on universities every day and not even only in germany . 
  the life of a university student is worth only very little . 
  uniting the armed forces can not be the first proposal , it might be the final state , but that 's going to take a very , very long time . 
  no european country would give up their own national defense and paying for both national defense and an , in this form , redundant european army is also off the table . 
  i see two possibilities : a nato-like defense pact with a european command structure , where eu member states allocate military contingents , or a small pure eu army contingent that takes over very specific tasks from the national militaries . 
  yep , www.google.com/ncr , to be exact , but it is ignored now . 
  what was this google url prefix that disabled location based customization ? 
  i believe it started with `` n '' , three letters , instead of `` www '' ... 
  i guess it is gone now . 
  the solution is simply , really . 
  the cdu had enough time to play around , it 's time to take a break . 
  oh , the telegraph again . 
  i mean , i am still a little conflicted , because on the one hand , austria was praised all this time while things were n't looking much better than anywhere else . 
  but now that one more bank is bancrupt , and the state is refusing to pour money into it , these freaks are trying to see some kind of catastrophy . 
  let 's remind ourselves that this how it used to be only a little while ago : badly managed companies go bancrupt and no taxpayer money changes hands . 
  it 's ok . 
  you can hold a lot of things against the us , but they have the eff . 
  a little offtopic , but is anybody inofficially considered eu president by now ? 
  we have presidents of the european council , commission , parliament and the council of the european union . 
   swedes no austrians either in czechia ? 
  please do n't tell me they 're included in `` germans '' . 
  please . 
  you guys did it !, 
   by sheer coincidence austria remains economically successful for the time being , but they 're one the wrong side of economical ideology and we all know how that must end !!! 111oans . 
  nice article .
