  with the weaponry yet to be installed they are just huge ships waiting for a purpose . 
   sideline political disputes ukraine is not a sideline political dispute , it 's the big thing , russia is no longer a political partner , it chose to be an adversary . 
  eu-russia relations will take a 180 \u00b0 turn , that was what my wake up call was referring to . 
  the mistral deal was a symbol for the advance trust and good will the eu put into russia , it has been betrayed . 
  should china , or any other country for that matter , react against international law the same way russia did , they will have to face the same consequences , but none if them if they do n't . 
  simple as that . 
   first case - russia wins . 
  compensation for breach of the contract might be in order , that 's for the courts to decide , there are obviously special circumstances now that nobody could have predicted . 
   second case - eu is horribly discredited as a major client/customer for russia ... ** wake up !, 
  find a use for them in a future eu military command structure , eu-buddies . 
  it 's going to be tough , no doubt , but after what i 've seen in this short period there 's a good chance that it will also be optimistic times , that the necessary changes will be implemented quickly and that it will all turn out well . 
  already done : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_in_the_water_match, 
  i am sure schulz would have had some good ideas , junker is something to wait for to be over for 5 long years , again . 
  czechia , save up for some cocaine or something :p, 
   ... we will never be a member of the eu ... because 1 ) the eu 's demand are unreasonable , 2 ) are reasonable , but impossible for turkey to meet , 3 ) because the eu would n't want turkey to join anyway or 4 ) because turkey does n't really want to join ? 
  welcome to hell . 
  any links ? 
  it would be possible to separate them even now . 
  i found a detailed statistics on wiki about the german deaths in wwii , btw , the ( 7 to ) 9 mio here include not only austria but also other nationals of german ethnicity . 
  austria is at 5 to 6 % , between germany and japan in the diagram . 
  ~ 380000 total deaths with a population at the time of roughly 6 mio . 
  hey everybody !, 
  let 's count austria to germany !, 
  the only thing that could have calmed down the conflict was if yanukovich would have realized that he ca n't keep the country together and resigned as soon as possible . 
  then new elections and a nationwide dialogue about the future of ukraine . 
  to think that after all those sacrifices the protesters would give in , lose all inertia by waiting for an election 9 months later , so that a president who has just proven beyond doubt that all he cares about is himself , can stay in power , is ridiculous . 
  it speaks of a laughable disconnect from all human reality . 
  to say that the deal would have stopped the war in the east is as useful as saying not protesting would have avoided it . 
  take a deep breath and think long and hard about sikorski 's part during the protests . 
  he was active in the period shortly before yanukovich fled , coming up with deal after deal and compromise after compromise that the protesters did n't support the slightest bit . 
  and then he relayed yanukovich 's threat of life to them . 
  i remember i sat here , my mouth open in disbelief , when i read the news reports of him trying to scare them into accepting elections in december ( ! ) . 
  there were a lot of people who are praised for trying to restore peace , but all they effectively did was undermine the protester 's efforts . 
  i would still support him at this point because he 's more pro-active than ashton without a doubt and , most importantly , it would set a welcome precedent for active involvement of an eastern european country in the european union ( other than calling for the us ) . 
  the us staying out of the conflict as much as it does now is probably the best thing coming from them since 2003 . 
  this is not their fight and for the first time since wwii they are not making things worse . 
  some people tried to twist nuland 's cookies into an imperialist act , imagine what would have happened if they really tried something . 
  north stream was a mistake in hindsight . 
  and now what ? 
  make another because of some grotesquely twisted idea of `` fairness '' ? 
  well , yes , exactly , but it 's not like history could have only taken this path . 
  so , spare me the * told you so * :p, 
  yeah , i am not defending fn , i am just not convinced by such arguments . 
  are you a pole living in slovakia or how is your post to be understood ? 
  well , above all , there are more far-right meps in the european parliament than those in the efd . 
  but i am going to wait and see what they will actually try to achieve there , if anything at all . 
  fp\u00d6 and fn do n't seem to be in any group and that 's just the ones i checked , maybe it 's not terribly useful to compare geu/ngl and efd ? 
  apart from that i do n't remember any of the far-left groups ever saying anything that seemed objectable to me . 
   feminism = men are pigs . 
  well , you can not generalize it like that , but what is missing to take feminism serious again is that the proponents of the more noble goals delineate themselves from the freaks , which does not happen . 
   feminism is for equality between men and women you know , i 've seen so much bullshit fought for in the name of feminism that i find it necessary now to classify gender-equality-seeking feminists as a marginal sub-group of the larger feminist movement . 
  i do n't know about the movement in sweden , though . 
   the sins of the father . 
  i think i 've heard somewhere a distant cousin of her said the word n-word once . 
  wow so very disappoint, 
  reddit allows only one sticky at a time , in case you did n't know . 
  in the spirit of your post i blame the high number of nuclear power plants there for their economy . 
  the time of the introduction of nuclear power plants coincides as much with the country 's economic problems as the election of hollande . 
  is `` here '' a nice place ? 
  i am not sure i support dropping the hurdle . 
  what good could it do to have the political landscape splinter up into thousands of micro parties ? 
  and 4 % is n't very high either , 4 % is still practically irrelevant for most purposes . 
  by now it 's time to get used to ~ 20 % for the fp\u00d6 , buddy . 
  edgy ? 
  was n't it about a family that became a little funny in the head because of social isolation ? 
  what 's your problem with dogtooth ? 
  go away . 
  and cyprus has made good experiences with so much power concentrated in the hands of so few people ? 
  i will not even consider the nazi accusations at this point in time , before there is a stable government in ukraine , because it is an obvious distraction . 
  this sentiment has always been around ( in eastern europe particularly and in the more active cold war nations ) , what is different is that nobody stands up to defend russia against it anymore . 
  some people ca n't handle the truth . 
  well , they 've been accused of being fascist . 
  * fascist * here having the meaning of * nationalist * . 
  the accusation comes from a certain party that throws the fascism-claims around quite freely . 
   it 's unicameral , and that 's something good about it . 
  what 's so good about it ? 
  could be . 
   right , if there 's one opinion that is misrepresented , then surely it 's mine . 
  also we do n't know your opinion , we only know the stuff you posted here and your misrepresentation of the speech you linked , including the position of the protesters that took part there , and the very recent history of ukraine , particularly about the role of the german foreign minister . 
   it 's not that they disagree . 
  it 's the fact that the left refuses to discuss it in any way and they 're trying to stamp out all opinions they think are racist from the media and public discussion . 
  hahaha , there might be a point to the view that political correctness makes debate of legitimate topics impossible , but you 're not doing `` your cause '' any favor if you include suggested genocide on morrocans into * things that are offensive to the extreme left , but really the truth * . 
  i suggest to be more critical and differentiated and not support everything that comes from these groups of people . 
  ~ ~ then what am i doing wrong ? 
  the site shows serbia 's gdp per capita ppp ahead of slovenia 's until 1999 . 
  in 2000 after the end of the war , slovenia is slightly ahead until today . 
  the slovenian republic was created in 1991 ? 
  according to the site , croatia was ahead all of the time , bosnia too , with the exception of a short peak in 2009 . ~ ~ [ oh , i get it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/80jhkep.png ) , the other country has its own axis ... 
  i do n't know if i 'm doing something wrong , but bosnia & herzegovina , serbia and croatia all were ahead of slovenia in the early 90s . 
  serbia basically collapsed during the war . 
  nope , not even close . 
  try again . 
  the relation is the erdogan visit in cologne . 
  yeah , it ca n't possibly be that your behaviour here is questionable , it must be a conspiracy of some sort . 
  you are a pretty pointless human being , are n't you ? 
  are you sure your german is good enough to fully understand the speech ? 
  your comments here appear to be a little on the insane side , to be honest . 
  germany scares me every now and then . 
  how can you find so many people in a western european country that buys into the ukraine = nazi narrative . 
  the sea .
