  s-budget for life !, 
  why did n't anyone tell my bank ?? 
  it 's not the ~ ~ gobbelment 's ~ ~ nature 's job to tell me how fast i can drive my car !, 
  `` pro-russian '' forces are not russian forces , there is no evidence of direct involvement of russian troops in ukraine other than previously in crimea . 
  putin was encouraging the separatists politically , previously , but not so much anymore , at least not in the open . 
  putin and lavrov are comparatively silent recently , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  ... to vote in eu elections , not in swedish national elections . 
  i honestly have no idea where this kind of confusion is coming from . 
  audi is going to introduce the new photon car body early next year . 
   putin is n't retreating , he is n't backing down . 
  to be honest , as far as as i can see and as far as official politics is concerned , putin does n't interfere much anymore in ukraine . 
  because the senegalese is not an eu citizen ? 
  why should foreign nationals be allowed to shape domestic politics , national or eu-wide ? 
  ... then it will turn off the engine and bring your seat in sleeping position . 
  you want an explanation why only eu citizens are allowed to vote in eu elections ? 
  i would have hoped everybody can figure it out for themselves , but it 's because you do n't want other countries to have influence in domestic politics . 
  always glad to be of help . 
  lederhosen are fucking awesome , if you have the calves to wear them  if i ever win the lottery , i will surely buy one . 
  nope , i am not an expert , but i think one additional requirement is that you have continuous residence in austria for 10 years , or 5 years if you are married to a austrian citizen . 
  also you 'll almost always have to renounce your previous citizenship . 
  the waiting periods are lower for eu citizens and can be reduced based on `` merit '' . 
  you also need knowledge of the german language on a b1-level , an empty criminal record , a steady income that covers your living expenses , ... generally it is not thought of as easy to become a citizen of austria , other than through marriage . 
  edit : i just remembered a german dude from work who said it would n't pay off for him to apply for citizenship because to get the paperwork done would cost him around 5000 $ in total ( a guy from work is not a citable source , though ), 
  yes , but i did n't know the details of that deal , i though the carinthian dude just promised to use his political influence . 
  it would also be different if you just applied * through * the state administration . 
  but that you apply for citizenship ( of the federal republic ) at the state level , with the federal government not having any say is a surprise and a little weird to me . 
  the last two links look well maintained , but the last is too narrow to allow higher speeds . 
  does n't norway have a lot of empty space ? 
  on a scale from 1 to 10 , how frustrating is it to go from one end of the country to the other , by car ? 
  also a more general rant/question : is n't it all a little stupid , considering there are basically no cars produced today that have less then 180 km/h top speed ? 
  the 3e8 m/s in germany are true only on a single highway nowadays , is n't it ? 
  do you have any clue why 4 of the questions were about the uno ? 
  the 18th question was about who grants citizenship , the federal or state ( true ) government . 
  til . 
  the relations with russia can not be saved , he 's not playing into russia 's hands other than inside of russia , but they are too far gone anyway . 
  let the british royals off the leash if you like . 
  \\*\\*\\* newsflash \\*\\*\\* irrelevant politician of the past says stuff . 
  i honestly have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i am talking about austria if that was n't clear enough . 
  if she went there pregnant , i assume she did n't do so with violent intent . 
  protests can turn violent unplanned or because of a subset of people with violent intent . 
  well , the point was obviously to demonstrate against the registered demonstration , they ca n't hope to stop the other protest , they can just show their opposition . 
   they are not talking about `` old-boy networks '' in this specific instance , however . 
  yes , they do . 
  they talk about student fraternities to be exact , and about their networks in politics and society . 
  there is also a feminist component in the choice of the word and an implied accusation of them being anachronistic right-wing nutters . 
  violent protests are rather rare . 
  m\u00e4nnerb\u00fcnde has different and additional connotations to burschenschaften , so fraternities is definitely not closer . 
  i used `` break up '' , because smash has a violent connotation , while `` zerschlagen '' is used in non-violent political and economical context all of the time . 
  a translation i can come up with right now is `` break up old-boy networks '' . 
  that 's not what * m\u00e4nnerb\u00fcnde zerschlagen * means , buddy . 
  maybe she did not expect it to become violent ? 
  maybe she did not expect being beaten up by police ? 
  i have no clue what about this story is true , but i would not expect to be beaten up by police either , should i go to a protest . 
  i assume she did n't use physical violence either . 
  it was a convenient way out of collective guilt , yes . 
  but even before wwii the country was split , austrian nationalists were a force that could not be ignored , during austrofascism the leading parties did n't support the anschluss anymore . 
  chancellor dollfu\u00df ' , who was assasinated by an austrian national socialist in a failed coup , goal was to `` out-hitler '' ( '' \u00fcberhitlern '' ) germany in an attempt to keep austria independent . 
  another phrase you could hear back then often was that austrians were the `` besseren deutschen '' / `` better germans '' . 
  austrofascism had no or less racial ideology because of it 's multicultural heritage . 
  catholicism played a big role in it as well , which provided another reason to stay away from predominately protestant germany . 
  after wwii the austrian population was broken and disillusioned , i doubt there would have been a successful attempt to split off from germany if it was n't imposed by the allies , but much support to re-join was just as unlikely . 
  after wwi likely 95 + % would have voted for a unification of austria and germany . 
  i did n't read much of this thread yet , but i 've have seen it mentioned once : austrian national identity is very young , it started after wwi , i would almost say in an top-down approach . 
  hallstatt culture was used for example , for some time i believe austria celebrated it 's celtic heritage  the german speaking people in the habsburg empire always considered themselves german , the area then and the first republic were called `` deutsch\u00f6sterreich '' . 
  after wwi literally everybody was for unification : ideologically the conservatives and also the socialists , because they thought it would be easier to make a socialist republic out of germany than of notoriously conservative austria . 
  then there were more pragmatic reasons , austria was reduced from one of the biggest european empires to a dot on the map , the habsburg 's industrial center was in czechia , the agricultural center in hungary , so austria was a country without work and nothing to eat , especially vienna looked impossible to keep alive . 
  of course there are also more romantic reasons , the empire was gone , austria was nothing to be proud of anymore . 
  so when you ask why austria is not a part of germany it was because it did n't join back then . 
  why ? 
  because it was ** verboten !, 
  ** by the allies . 
  afterwards it turned out that austria was able to survive on it 's own , austrians got used to not being germans , [ `` red vienna '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_vienna ) turned into a huge success . 
  from then on the socialists had nothing to gain from a unification , only empire-wanting folks and a subset of conservatives ( with a socialist vienna now more than before ) still dreamt of germany . 
  ... some other stuff happened ... wwii , during and after , created a huge rift between the now again two countries , so that another unification became basically impossible . 
  no :p, 
  do you think your comment is easy to understand ? 
  even after the edit it is n't . 
  there are proponents of a `` united states of europe '' , they are basically for federalization , but i am not so sure those groups have a clearly defined goal , other than higher integration of the union compared to now . 
  yes . 
  it 's not really that interesting now anymore , but what i 've found out so far is that the 3 countries i mentioned do not have their own rules , but either jury or popular vote was disqualified for some reason . 
  so , it 's supposed to be 50/50 in any case . 
   you mean we ( and the the handful of net contributors ) should buy our ships with our own money pumped into the eu budget , only to not have direct control on them ? 
  yes . 
   brilliant . 
  yes . 
  i was taken by surprise by the idea , but i like it . 
  it should definitely be explored in the following months . 
  it would be an unlikely coincidence if europe had a need for exactly this type of ship , but - as mentioned in the article - it can be adapted to different uses . 
  that might be good opportunity to fill some of the gaps in european defense , the ones the us is currently needed for - and set a precedent for military cooperation under eu command . 
  i am afraid gas can not easily be replaced with other sources of energy . 
  to replace the * amount * of energy would not be the great challenge , but nobody just has gas power plants running 24/7 except maybe in crimea , that would be uneconomical . 
  gas turbines have one big advantage : they can be turned on on short notice and are therefor the ideal choice to cover the peak loads that occur a couple of times every day . 
  at these peaks we would feel the lack of gas . 
  all of the eu 's weakness are the eu-outside relations . 
  pretty much all of them . 
  rename baguettes to freedom bread !, 
  farewell , sweet prince . 
   but are those ships really going to increase russia 's military might by that much ? 
  yes .
