  edit it once more please . 
  to this : http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-8.88&amp;soc=-9.54, 
  then you missed the minuses , exactly what i thought . 
   i really do n't see the problem with the black face . 
   ... okay , but what the hell is the big deal with the black face ? 
  welcome to americans . 
  well if you really need to know why , it is grounded in their own very specific history with racism . 
  the problem is more that they are trying to force their idea of racism on all of the world , while calling black-face racist is pretty laughable everywhere else . 
  are you really augusto pinochet 's evil twin or did you make a mistake in posting your numbers ? 
  i just want to rule out an error . 
  ok , i made a last update . 
  thanks for your participation . 
  the russian government owns ~ 50 % of gazprom , so not much need for complicated tricks . 
  never . 
  a word my mother taught me : * oaschicht * ... ein\u00f6de in german , wasteland , far away from civilization . 
  * kaff * for a small village not exactly at the pulse of time . 
  because of austria 's current dependence on russia for gas , the eu 's interests match austria 's long term interests . 
  playing into the hands of russia is n't really being neutral , though . 
  fuck this country and the spineless politicians it produces . 
  tell me more anti-junker propaganda , mr. bri t. ishdude . 
  democracy was not imposed on people in a conspiracy . 
  it happened . 
  through history . 
  but what is more important is that monarchies would simply not be able to manage the complex societies that have developed since , they already could n't in the beginning of the 20th century . 
  damn , what 's wrong with ljubljana ? 
  are you alright , buddy ? 
  stfu , britain told . 
  please edit your comment and put your results in a link , http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=x&amp;soc=y and replace x with your economic and y with your social value . 
  this also goes to anybody else who just posted the numbers . 
  first , i do n't want to add entries by hand and my program currently does not have the option , also i am sure i would miss some comments . 
  and i feel that i could not trust regex that looks for two numbers , positive or negative , with decimal points or commas , separated by whitespace and/or comma , minus or anything else that will turn up and then pray that the numbers are in the right order . 
  we could decide on giving the results in other ways , but it would have to follow a specific format , in my opinion the link provided on the site is the simplest way to do this . 
  edit : lol , one more try please , 
  [ steirisches kern\u00f6l ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pumpkin_seed_oil ) . 
  apparently is was completely unknown even in other parts of austria until the 70s . 
  it 's still not easy to get elsewhere , here you can buy it on every farmer 's market . 
  i got hooked rather recently , but seriously , lunch without salad and kern\u00f6l is pointless to me now . 
  paywall, 
  it 's not going to work , buddies . 
  lavrov is the greatest diplomat of our time . 
  / s ( the `` s '' stands for sarcasm ), 
  european or global anti-islam crowd jumping at the opportunity ? 
  i mean , i 've heard erdogan say shit a hundred times more stupid than this , but still ... the siege of vienna was not a proud moment for the ottomans . 
  it 's like they are making fools of themselves to anger a couple of western islamophobes . 
  did somebody own up to the hack already ? 
  i am not sure this is n't some kind of false-flag thing . 
  seeking asylum is as simple as entering a country and saying so , it does not take time , so you are an asylum seeker right away . 
  what does take time is to decide whether asylum can/will be granted in any individual case , or not . 
  during this period they are not illegal immigrants , but asylum seekers . 
  when the asylum has been granted they are refugees . 
  what is happening in iraq right now is extremely dangerous and the world can not ignore it forever , but i also like to make clear that , considering what happened there in 2003 and how , there is no way that iraq wo n't blow up in their faces again and again and again . 
  i wish this zero-day-account invasion would stop . 
  there 's / r/worldnews , too . 
  you hear me ??? 
  pull your shit there !, 
  you want to hear other reasons than corruption , but it is the only romania/bulgaria-specific reason i can think of . 
  romania is currently fixing it , at least it looks like it . 
  maybe that inspires bulgaria , too . 
  i can tell you , should romania really succeed , they will surprise almost everybody . 
  i thought i was either impossible or would take more than a hundred years . 
  it is a good question you should ask yourself too . 
  any more questions ? 
  as a general rule i can celebrate football in the middle of the night as long as there 's beer . 
  it 's just an opinion . 
  you can not end a weird conversation with me just because you disagree with my opinion . 
  no , it is not even an opinion . 
  let 's try yourself to frame it as an opinion and to write a counter-opinion . 
  write the comment again and start it with `` in my opinion ... '' or `` it is my opinion that ... '' . 
  like what ? 
   in my opinion not sucking up the stories of iraq , abu ghraib and nsa/gchq , etc. 
  like other eu nations do . 
  followed by  i respectfully disagree with your opinion of like other eu nations do , but i fully support your `` abu ghraib and '' !, 
  does your being one of millions of germans add content to a content-less shitpost ? 
  thought so . 
  yes , that 's completely worthless . 
  it 's a passive-aggressive shitpost with basically no worthwhile content . 
  what do you think you wrote there anybody could write an opposing comment on ? 
  it should just be all the way down the list , so that it does n't take away space for better comments , that 's all . 
   russia should n't be perceived as an enemy , but as a friend and partner of the eu and germany . 
  if you corner any animal , it will fight back . 
  treating russia like this is the worst these politicians can do . 
  in ukraine , russia decided to betray our trust . 
  we can no longer ignore this or it will happen again and again , only successively worse . 
   russia is surrounded by nato and us bases ... russia was already in the partnership for peace . 
   the us created their missile shield in czech , poland etc. 
  ** no , it did not . 
  hello mr. 0-day enjoy your stay . 
  is the list up to date ? 
  where 's romania ? 
  austrian frankfurters are identical to german wiener w\u00fcrstchen , but not the same as german frankfurter w\u00fcrstchen . 
  arjen robben does n't follow fifa rules , fifa rules follow him . 
  take it as a compliment . 
  robben was on fire . 
  but the first goal by this robin soandso guy was one of the coolest ones i saw in a long time . 
  ` murican ebonics . 
  native language is correct . 
  now i need to know what gave me away . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  american ( standard ) 3 .
