  a confusing topic . 
  first there 's tradition , the gendarmerie used to exist in emporer 's times already . 
  the gendarmerie is traditionally part of the ministry of defense , while policing is now , as far as i know , everywhere a job of the ministry of the interior or similar . 
  after the war in austria the gendarmerie was the only national police body , under control of the ministry of the interior already , what was called `` polizei '' was only for criminal investigations and walked the streets in the larger cities ( a direct local replacement of the gendarmerie ) . 
  so , growing up , naive me saw the gendarmerie always as the police of the countryside . 
  eventually they merged to a single `` bundespolizei '' . 
  on the topic , a south tyrolean friend told me once about italy , which apparently does have competing executive forces too , which are also unnecessary heavily armed . 
  the idea is that all combined firepower under control of the ministry of the interior should be comparable to the army under control of the ministry of defense , as a safeguard against coups . 
  the stories of a south tyrolean about the italians should be taken with a grain of salt , though  my guess is that the gendarmerie in france did survive close to it 's traditional form , with an additional `` police '' for cities and special tasks . 
  we will never allow you to leave . 
  ** never !, 
  ** the referendum is not binding for the eu . 
  why should for example spain , greece and france let the uk , one of the last net-payers , go ? 
  who would bail them out then when they fail ? 
  did somebody seriously just downvote teh zlatan ??? 
  or the idea that there was a time before the zlatan ? 
  geist can also mean mind/intellect . 
  it * is * a weird term , though , it does n't tell me anything about its meaning . 
  but once you know the meaning its means this one thing and nothing else , 
  ~ 4 % are around 12k people ? 
  enough to fill one stadium , 
  now the pre-zlatan figures please , 
  i am actually pleasantly surprised by how the employment agency ( arbeitsmarktservice , ams ) works nowadays . 
  their success is and will forever be measured by the national statistics , though , so they are primarily interested in getting people either into a job or some course so they do n't count towards the unemployment figures . 
  the courses are less pointless than they were and the attitude is generally positive , though . 
  there is something wrong with the business culture . 
  it is incredibly hard to start a career , you should be an expert already when you start . 
  sometimes it looks like people only manage an entry into the job market by accident , if a company just is n't able to find the right/perfect candidate and they have to settle with you , with sad faces all around :p the more the state tries to help people looking for jobs , by paying for specialized vocational training , the more businesses continue to rely on this and the less they do themselves . 
  never heard of it , she did have an awful lot of children , though . 
  i do n't want to give the wrong impression , male-female relationships are difficult everywhere and `` the friend zone '' does exist here too in some way . 
  it 's just that a too-mechanical dating process would kill the last bit of interest for me . 
  this is where a clear naturwissenschaft/geisteswissenschaft , sciences/humanities , distinction is handy . 
  the ( natural ) sciences concern themselves with `` nature '' , exactly all the stuff that is not human-made . 
  the humanities describe human culture , everything human-made . 
  there is no objective `` truth '' in the humanities , i mean you ca n't even pretend there is . 
  they basically like to talk and argue a lot . 
  believe it or not , the goal of the `` science of history '' is actually to solve the problems you are mentioning , or i should rather say to fight a perpetual , uphill , unwinnable battle against it . 
  there is no `` dating '' . 
  you meet by accident , because of common friends , common activities , etc , or you do n't . 
  if i ever had to go on a single `` date '' i would have opted out of sex , relationships and humanity all together . 
   also she liked sex so much she broke a bed + + + what 's the story with the bed ? 
  * the cebr in its report added [ ... ] that `` lesser dependence on other european economies '' would also aid progress , as well as `` relatively low taxes by european standards . '', 
  * however , as far as germany , the group said that should the euro `` break up '' , that `` germany 's outlook would be much better . '', 
  * as for france , the cebr said it will be one of the `` worst performing '' of the western economies , and will be overtaken by the uk by 2018 . 
  this is because of slow growth due to `` high taxation '' in addition to the general issues of eurozone economies . 
  sounds convincing if you ask me , not at all influenced by ideology in one way or the other . 
  what do you mean ? 
   obama got slammed in the us press for dissing britain recently . 
  obama gets slammed for everything . 
   it 's essentially a subsidy for french farmers with little justification . 
  it 's a subsidy for * european farmers * and it has a very good justification : to keep europe able to feed itself . 
  it 's a safety measure against all that can go horribly wrong in a globalized economy . 
  global free trade is great , but chinese dairy farmers do n't have an obligation to feed spaniards or brits if they find better business opportunities elsewhere . 
   america does n't actually have a huge amount of mass media what the fuck does this even mean ? 
  what is going on inside of this head of yours ? 
  please tell me . 
  i mean , you typed this sentence , right ? 
  you thought it up in your head and your fingers typed it up , then you decided to post it for everybody to see , did n't you ? 
  or am i missing something here ? 
   britain is literally the most self-deprecating nation on the planet there 's a difference between being self-deprecating and seeing/portraying yourself as self-deprecating . 
  a clue : have you ever heard this opinion from a non-brit ? 
  y u say dis ? 
  * hungary * czech republic * slovakia * slovenia * croatia * bosnia and herzegovina as well as parts of : * romania * montenegro * poland * ukraine * italy * serbia, 
  yep , that 's what it 's like in most of the big cities here nowadays . 
  it only gets worse over time too . 
  i live in rural styria during the week , when i come home to graz , the small distance between the train station and the tram is like walking the gauntlet :d outside of the state capitals you 're pretty safe , some villages still have the old school traveling gypsies , passing through every now and then . 
  social security comes with conditions , like being available for the labor market if they are physically able . 
  i am not sure if and how this applies to foreign nationals , it probably does n't . 
  there are shelters where people are provided with the bare minimum , food , clothing and a roof over the head , but the gangs are here to make money . 
  this eastern european inferiority complex/victim mentality is just sad . 
  what 's even sadder is when people think that removing word after word from the dictionary will change anything . 
  you know what will change anything ? 
  realizing how the media works and that the piles of shit it mostly produces are just part of the game . 
  serbia joining the eu soon ? 
  any sources on that ? 
  or are you just talking hypothetically ? 
   i get the impression you think i meant to say all the other countries only wanted free trade and nothing else i guess you 're right , because that 's exactly how i understood your post before i read this one . 
  you mean you * throw * your empties at the bar while saying `` feckin '' or `` fockin '' or whatever you guys are saying when you throw your empties to the bar . 
  right ? 
  on the original topic , i do n't know right now where the independent stands on the ridiculousness scale of british tabloids , but whenever a british newspaper says something about the french or other people or countries `` on the continent '' that seems implausible , it 's a good idea to go looking for a second , non-british source . 
  hungary most likely . 
  * defense * in the real meaning of the word , yes . 
  everything beyond that will be hard to negotiate , maybe impossible . 
  to me personally it is unthinkable that there will at one point a european army intervening all over the world , but austrian politicians do n't seem to be against it . 
  the general population is more concerned with short term concerns - whether young austrian men should have to do military service or not , the discussion about more far-reaching implications have n't even begun yet . 
  there does n't have to be a treaty provision for that . 
  scotland itself is not a member of the eu . 
  if it secedes from the uk it leaves the eu as well . 
  scotland would have to apply for eu membership formally , the criteria for accession will have to be checked , paper work will have to be signed . 
  i can imagine that some steps are started beforehand and that the process will be sped up , but the eu is a series of treaties . 
  as long as the treaties are not signed , they are not part of the eu . 
  van rompuy or any other people are not free to skip the process completely . 
  why do you think van rompuy or the eu or belgium or anybody else outside of the uk is for or against an independent scotland in one way or the other . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  as a part of the uk , yes . 
  scotland itself never signed any treaty with the eu . 
  of course the reapplication would be a largely formal process , i do n't see how it would work without . 
  why do you think so ? 
  if a country leaves the eu i fully expect the citizens of the country to lose their eu citizenship . 
  i am not a lawyer , though .
