  sounds familiar ? 
  is switzerland the only country where married couples are worse of as far as taxes and benefits are concerned ? 
  which year ? 
  nooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  please do n't go !, 
  we need * you * to counterbalance all the non-nagging countries and the ones with straight teeth !, 
  i would exclude putin from the list . 
  the other three are clowns without political power or responsibility . 
  haha . 
  wow nice , dismantling of social welfare and the financial problems that are going on finland , the austerity poster child , for at least a decade are now because of refugees ... 
   i 'm not exaggerating , ... no , of course you 're not . 
  well , i am implying that every time every time the euro runs into the smallest problems the morons will take it as a confirmation of their fears . 
  again and again and again . 
  as a non-british citizen : hu ? 
  what language is that ? 
  what the fuck is the headline trying to tell me ? 
  should i click the link and read the article to find out or is the only way to get away sane to abandon the thread and erase all memory about it ? 
  yes , predict something bad , wait 20 years for it to happen , told you so ! , after it 's been cleaned up wait another 20 years and repeat . 
  did n't you pay a deposit of around 3 monthly rents for the apartment ? 
  in any case you should at least try to cancel your contracts via email , or tell them what 's going on . 
  paying the bills is a good idea if you ever plan to go back . 
  seeing as for now i have to assume you 'll even get money back from the deposit , it should n't be too much anyway . 
   and in france ... did you mean to write vichy ? 
  that 's not necessary at all . 
  the eu does n't have to suffer for any particular member state to profit , or vice versa . 
  if you think it is , there 's a good chance that the decision is shortsighted . 
  let 's take it slow . 
  countries line up for membership for the cash and an economic boost mostly . 
  the enlargement of the european union will only be successful if , after those countries have caught up , they actively contribute to and help shape the union . 
  i am cautiously pessimistic in that regard . 
  poland will be the first test and i find it entirely possible that they take a huge dump on the eu once the cash starts to flow in the other direction . 
  serbia , bosnia and the ukraine are interesting candidates for a future enlargement . 
  the small ones might be faster , but i guess it 's only because they are less of a risk because of their size . 
  poland , as a nation , is insane , acting from - and holding grudges because of - entirely made-up and unrealistic ideas about the world and other nations , that simply do n't exist outside of their bubble . 
  i bet it 's like with americans that you can meet reasonable ones in real life , but the reasonable ones online are a negligible minority . 
  the entire east of europe without exception are whiny , needy cunts who are doing nothing to make things better but trying to associate with ideas of others . 
  the immigration crisis in eastern europe is not because of the fear of brown people , it 's the fear of responsibility after decades of being larger power 's pets . 
  thank you for your attention . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts1e4elosxw ), 
  yeah , on my list , too . 
  this is pretty much the only thing that would make it bearable to continue dragging along the uk . 
  you know that there is currently no more than the word of the girl to go by ? 
  the foreigner pays the same taxes as a brit and the brits are not discriminated against with respect to social benefits in the rest of the eu . 
  and i would like to remind you american that you are responding to an american online newspaper and not to `` us europeans '' . 
  the other possibility is that the people in power in poland are fucking insane and want you to go on a communist witch hunt in the year 2016 . 
  it is not a mistake . 
  it 's just one of multiple , and one of the shorter , ways to say the camps where in poland . 
  wow , gem after gem from you in this thread . 
  ohhh . 
  that 's the outrage about ? 
  the polish lack of understanding of the english language again ? 
  i read part of your first sentence and thought to myself `` how the hell did this post get 12 downvotes ? 
  '' , but you cleared that up pretty good in the remaining post . 
  i would n't know either the comic character or that a movie about him was made if not a young colleague crazy for those kind of movies told me about it recently . 
  i never saw any ads either . 
  the financial freedom to use 500 $ bank notes ? 
  a coin toss . 
  that 's some serious self-restraint right there . 
   ... then merkel refused to allow them to leave . 
  are you insane ? 
  i used to oppose the * two speed europe * idea when i saw it as elitism of a handful of countries accidentally better off in hard times , but there are countries that are actively working on improving the union , others are outright sabotaging it , the big mass as always is passive and then we got the superpassive east . 
  a group of core countries going ahead until the others realize they want to catch up seems the only viable way nowadays . 
  you know , a vague proposal is not `` the decision process '' . 
   2 ) it looks like italy ( ... ) can be excluded from the decision-making process . 
   what ? 
  * the bag man * is * motel room 13 * here, 
  the right to stop welfare abuse is not in question , the right to discriminate against non-british eu-citizens is . 
  history is a very hard topic , let 's invent nice and easy to remember stories instead . 
  the common market thing is a rather recent meme , nobody could have thought that leaving efta for the eu , especially as norway remained , meant nothing . 
  that 's impossible . 
  [ nsfw if you speak an austro-bavarian language ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bddyidvjpa8 ), 
  it might be worth noting that * kurwa * is , as far as i know , a word that is known in all slavic languages , not only polish . 
  my slovenian colleagues talk about kurwas just as much as about the vaginas of their mothers . 
  let me guess : you do n't know what the article is talking about either , you just google-translated the title ? 
  you poor little boy, 
  i think it is safe to say that imf 's and eu 's demands will not bring greece out of debt . 
  it 's also safe to say that nobody will get their money back , with their demands met even less than without . 
  the whole goal seems to be to force structural reforms , and they are willing to pay shitloads of money for that . 
  as such greece is an experiment to see whether southern eu can be brought in line with the economy in the north , which some might see as requirement for the survival of the economy of the eu . 
  next to all the frustration of a postponed solution for greece , in some way i still see a positive aspect in that . 
  and it makes decisions for greece rather easy : play along or leave the euro if they do n't want to be the guinea pig , or think the experiment will fail . 
  are you asking for a friend ? 
  this is so insane . 
  i am not sure how far this development went in austria , but from germany we know that german nationalized parts of the energy infrastructure were `` privatized '' only to be sold to gazprom and be under the influence of the russian government instead of the german one . 
  i see absolutely no problem with the comparison . 
  in which way is a minister on the national level directly answerable to the public ? 
  the prime minister/chancellor appoints and dismisses them if they are not happy with their work - the president of the commission , themselves elected by the european parliament does the same . 
  and of course public outrage and protest , either on the streets or in parliament can influence such a decision , because if their decisions lead to unrest they are doing a shitty job , see point 1 ) . 
  this option exists in theory in the eu just as well as in national politics , the reason we 're not seeing this is because of the nature of the eu in its current state the decisions of the commissioners have only very little to no direct consequences for the citizens . 
  let me remind you too that asking for the commissioners to be personally elected by popular vote is like wanting the secretary of defense or infrastructure to be elected in a popularity contest like that . 
  * all * political systems figured out that this does n't work . 
  this does n't sound very conclusive , to be honest . 
  would you be so kind to give me any pointers as to why this is false equivalence ? 
  are you against ministers on the national level ? 
  1 ) austria 2 ) most reliable news papers are arguably * der standard * . 
  they are on the left side of things , but not exactly worker 's - rights-left . 
  on the right there are for example * die presse * and * salzburger nachrichten * . 
  on the right , in austria , generally means for bankers , farmers and the church  the most obvious unreliable news paper is also the most sold , the * ( die neue ) kronen zeitung * . 
  right or left is not really useful here , their goal is to kill all thought and not allow any to grow back again , ever . 
  also rather unreliable are a few new daily newspapers that are distributed for free , * \u00d6sterreich * and * heute * .
