  was this document only recently released or why do i read about it all of the time nowadays ? 
  it was a topic in / r/austria . 
  i wonder why , maybe frank thinks he 's jfk , 
  this is a very simple view of the situation . 
  roma are not discriminated against because of their race , but their behavior . 
  a roma that has a job , pays their bills and all that trivial stuff is indistinguishable from other brown people , they ca n't even be easily identified as roma . 
  they might still experience some type of social exclusion , especially in otherwise non-brown , ethnically homogeneous societies . 
  that would be a form of discrimination worth fighting against . 
  i wonder if people that call out racism against the roma have any ideas to solve this problem , because the ones i 've met do n't appear to want to do anything but live as parasites of a society . 
  excuse the word `` parasite '' , it 's a strong word , with lots of connotations , but it is a word fitting for people who plan to go through life by begging alone . 
  from my experiences , they ca n't be integrated into society , at least not as `` roma '' , if they can they are not perceived as roma . 
  it 's not the middle ages anymore , where they can travel around selling homemade baskets and copper pots , so their options are slim . 
  if security is a concern , you can use prepaid credit cards that only allow the withdrawal of a prepaid sum , they also do n't have monthly fees . 
  that way you do n't have to use a different number for each transaction . 
  other than that i see no downsides to credit cards . 
  why did they even introduce visa-free travel if europeans do n't get the same privilege in the other direction ? 
  seems completely misguided . 
  and now they are talking about a * lower visa refusal rate * for europeans for continued visa-free travel the other way round ? 
  what time frame are you talking about ? 
  the `` prussification of germany '' was mostly bismarck 's work , no force involved as far as i know , although i am not exactly an expert on german history . 
  the holy roman empire was more or less a federation/confederation , comprised of prussia , habsburg land and hundreds of little shits  i guess if it was painted as a monolithic block , it would n't look much different to france . 
  the uk as its own island was of course less effected by european `` continental '' border disputes . 
  get your head checked , buddy . 
  food and red wine . 
  except the cheese with the fly larvae . 
  nope . 
  the 10 commandments also do n't reference the church , just like the passage you were quoting . 
  whatever you think it means , it does not justify church taxes , trust me on that . 
  the kleinstaaterei took place during the holy roman empire , which existed until 1806 or something . 
  afterwards bismarck quickly convinced all germans to become prussians , 
  was she on the sanctions list ? 
  edit : hmm , it looks like there are no eu individuals banned from entering russia as part of the sanctions . 
  does anybody know how those numbers are calculated ? 
  official numbers here must be around 9 % . 
  maybe the eu statistic does n't count unemployed in state-financed job training . 
  let 's hope it is only a coincidence that the 400.000 job seekers are roughly 5 % of the total population . 
  according to bulgarian law or what ? 
  yes , in marriage . 
  do n't mistake it for real hate , there is always competition between the two , should they meet each other . 
  the miracle of cordoba is also famous because of self-irony : the greatest achievement of the austrian football national team was not to win something , but to stop germany from advancing . 
  apart from that it was a great , competitive game between very unequal teams where the austrian team gave everything despite there being no chances to advance to the next stage . 
  where i personally react hateful is when somebody calls austrians germans , is dismissive of the austrian language and culture , and general acts of ignorance . 
  you are getting carried away a little here , buddy . 
  the fp\u00d6 was concepted as the `` drittes lager '' / `` third camp '' ( ? ) . 
  just a party as an alternative to the classical conservatives and the social democrats , for one , and to provide a political home for former national socialists that were excluded from politics since the end of the war . 
  so at the time of founding it was quite literally the party for the nazis , within the legal limits of course , but that is was all ages ago . 
  yeah , what i meant was that your post reminded me of this kind of argument , but i was n't sure before your response . 
  it 's the people that hope to benefit from it against the people that suffer from it . 
  and do n't think it 's only rich vs. poor . 
  while a very poor person will not be inclined to support it , the middle class down to the ones barely getting through life find the story of * do n't spend more than you earn * very convincing , because it is true in their personal lives . 
  and yes , i think it is partly deliberate . 
  the other part is that it is an convincing story to tell your voters , which means winning elections . 
  well , it 's completely baseless . 
  right ? 
  some random stuff happens and you explain that you have a bias against a certain age group . 
  that 's probably not all of it , i 've read a story about how germany takes all the super high quality refugees and leaves only the scraps for other countries before on this sub . 
  your theory might need some work still . 
  this thing right after they joined the eu had me scratching my head already , the croatian government seems to attract a special type of person . 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  yes , but it 's not the only thing going on . 
  cool , i want that too !, 
  you think that those people have it easier ? 
  looks like / r/euro did n't take off , / u/diogenes . 
  imagine the horrible things that would happen if we distributed them in guarded trains around europe and process their asylum requests there . 
  no we must do the right thing , god 's good work , be as stubborn as possible and continue to be laughable failures . 
  the last time romanians came to austria we had to get new swans for all our lakes . 
  aldi/hofer pays the most here too and probably in most places . 
  the catch is that the workload and the responsibility of each of them is equally high . 
  norrisobe is muslim , but dclaudzel is n't . 
  all people in the photo are gypsies !!!!, 
  ! 11 not all austrians are gypsies !, 
  posts like these make romanian people look like idiots . 
  you went from a ridiculous shitposter to ... just the same ... in a little more than a month . 
  what we really need is another wave of not-a-gypsy posts by romanians , i am really missing those . 
  is this already the low point for this sub ? 
  stay tuned to find out . 
  which is weird , because it is unfunny . 
  it 's funny , because people running from death are a pest :-), 
  no , he did n't . 
  what does this have to do with / r/europe ? 
  do they not protect their borders ? 
  because german politicians said multiple times that they are prepared for these kind of numbers and ten times as much by the end of the year , that 's why . 
  munich might be at capacity , but not germany as a whole . 
   unless that is fixed we are at capacity !, 
  i am talking about germany 's capacity to take refugees , not the that of your brain . 
  germany is not at capacity , that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's not really important what the refugees want , because it will all still have to follow the rules that apply to asylum applications . 
  you do n't make any sense , but you really need to work on understanding what an asylum seeker is . 
  really . 
  yes , if you think you can deny asylum applicants based on religion and education , you will get humiliated . 
  the best asylum seekers will already be gone ... yes , i know , you turned on `` magyar tv '' and some guy said something . 
  a while ago i watched a video where a guy said we should leave britney alone . 
   for how much do you want to bet , that you will have somehow better percent of graduatees etc ? 
  you want asylum seekers with university degrees ? 
  did n't you just indirectly imply that you are not stupid ? 
  maybe i am reading it wrong between the lines , but to me it looks like you wanted to imply you 're not stupid . 
  and yes , all of iraq and syria have more people in total than europe can provide with asylum . 
  that 's right . 
  not all 50 million or so of them can apply for asylum here , totally correct . 
  completely useless insight , but not technically wrong .
