  hint : you are slavic !, 
  and your women have boobs !, 
  i do n't like the song a lot , though , sorry . 
  unlikely that she/he/hen wins , but top-three is almost guaranteed in my opinion . 
  i was a little let down by the show in the semi-final , i hope they beef it up a little , 
  they are already ( temporarily ) banned in the eu . 
  i am looking forward to see how the bee populations will respond in the next 2 years , because that could provide the only real evidence for the neonicotinoid 's role in `` colony collapse disorder '' . 
  bnp lurves itself sum britain , ukip likes money . 
  you know , if you 're talking about turkey , do n't mistake the populist , emotional anti-islam/turkey _ not_a_part_of_europe-bullshit with actual valid political reasons against turkey in the eu . 
  i used to argue for turkey when the debate was about perceived cultural differences , but then i sat down and thought about what it really means : a country under a guy like erdogan with the power of germany in the eu . 
  this would change the eu quite a bit , and even if at one point the unnecessary inflammatory comments from turkish leaders stop and both sides are still seriously interested , turkey will be hard to swallow for the eu , simply because of its size . 
  this is nothing turks should take personally or as an insult to their nation . 
  do n't look , but you 've got a whole bunch of greeks camping underneath your comment and they look like they 're up to no good :p, 
  welcome to english ... 
  a union of national militaries does indeed seem impossible , but not a european strike force in addition to national militaries . 
  experiences made from that could show what and how much of the national defenses could be handed over to a common european army command . 
  i hate to draw parallels to the us , but there you also have the national guards and the federal army . 
   * political parties -- this will keep on check corruption within parties in eastern and southern europe how is this supposed to work ? 
  fuck , the eu does not only cause floods in the uk but also started both of the world wars ? 
  i like you , you are nice . 
  honestly , thanks for the effort . 
  judging by your recent posting history ... if you want pro-russian comments to be popular in times like these i suggest you head over to / r/russia . 
  the us depends almost completely on canada for natural gas imports !, 
  another catastrophe in the making !, 
  i 'm afraid to ask ... 
  oh i was already wondering why these posts are taking so long . 
  there where 20 + comments and not a single butt hurt romanian for christ 's sake !, 
  in a picture thread nontheless . 
  til estonia has a population of only ~ 1.29 mio . 
   lada riva ahh , yes , probably . 
  trabant , skoda , dacia , dacia , dacia , dacia , ... what 's the white one on the very right , vertical center ? 
  is dat sum fiat 124 ? 
  you are a * very * poor girl . 
  the same guy , but i think this very recent map is n't on there, 
  thanks ( online here : http://atlasofprejudice.tumblr.com/ ), 
  source ? 
  i do n't want to jump to conclusions , but did you really just downvote me ? 
  i am asking because we are far down the comment tree and i do n't think this is a discussion that is very interesting for other people . 
  this is called `` deppenapostroph '' in german and it is wrong . 
  do n't do it ever again . 
   you instinctively know which gender it is . 
  teller . 
  no , do i look french to you ? 
  maybe this helps , i am to lazy to try to find the right options . 
   ** you 're austrian at heart . 
  ** life feels pretty good for austrians they trust the police and feel confident about the future . 
  but taking part in religious events really is n't for them . 
  they 'd much rather work up a sweat going for a jog . 
  edit : 4 - 2 - 4 - 4 - 4 - 1 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1, 
  * the first victim of nazi aggression * is austria , which was `` liberated '' , too . 
  the republic of salo was a german puppet state . 
  but still have no idea what this conversation is about . 
  to remind you the original post mentioned how odd it is that italy was `` liberated '' instead of `` defeated '' . 
  nevertheless it was liberated from them . 
  because it was fascist before ? 
  or maybe the more obvious reasons ? 
  i honestly have no idea where you are going with these posts ... 
  and then what ? 
  the first victim of nazi aggression , too , in a way , btw . 
  co. . . co. . . conchita ?? 
  i ca n't look at it , but i can listen to it . 
  repent !, 
  and give your heart to jesus !, 
  is it me or can all your points be summed up as `` the eu does nothing to force romania to do stuff better against it 's will '' ? 
  this is one of the most disappointing sides of bulgaria and romania , they want others to make things right for them , romania seems to even want the eu to make it like and respect itself . 
  i am a czech at heart , my closest soul mates are austria and slovenia . 
  i am farthest from poland and ireland . 
  not being into religion seems to be the main factor . 
  it 's funny , while none of my family knows any details about where the family came from exactly ( definitely long before wwi ) , my surname is originally czech . 
  the first victim of nazi aggression was liberated , too : cool :, 
  out of curiosity , what 's your country 's unemployment rate , going by the national definition ? 
  in austria it 's 8,4 % . 
  6-10 years is far away ? 
  and moldova has apparently been put on a fast track . 
  let 's say the eu is a stable element , what happens now is that we keep adding neutrons , if you catch my drift ... , 
  you 're looking at this from a very narrow perspective . 
  a conscript army can be used for one thing and is good at one thing , a `` volunteer '' ( paid ) army for another . 
  ukraine is not going to deploy conscripts to vietnam , nobody ever will again . 
  i am ( or better used to be , currently undecided after crimea ) a proponent of the conscript army in austria because such an army is a defensive one , it can not be deployed to die in somebody else 's war . 
  a professional army can be deployed to anywhere and they do not have the right to object against anything . 
  to have peace you need two things : 1 ) show no weaknesses others could be tempted to exploit 2 ) show no aggression others could feel threatened by . 
  a conscript army , large numbers of soldiers only really capable of defense , is best suited for that . 
  also there 's types of conflicts where numbers count more than anything else . 
  a lot like taxes . 
  hmm , i hope this expansion pace wo n't tear the union apart . 
  after croatia i , personally , would have called for a break ... serbia , moldova , georgia , ukraine on the horizon , ... 
  i must have missed that . 
  my post was kind of an austrian insider joke . 
  one of the fp\u00d6 's ( under j\u00f6rg haider back then ) slogans for the communal elections in vienna was `` wien darf nicht chicago werden !, 
  '' / `` vienna must not become chicago !, 
  '' , implying chaos and crime taking over the city , like chicago in al capone 's times . 
  * every western country * is distancing itself from russia right now . 
  sanctions and canceled existing deals are just theater ... do n't get me wrong , they might serve a purpose as well , but probably not the apparent one . 
  the long term changes are more important . 
  one of those long term changes is called `` trans adriatic pipeline '' , the artist formerly know as nabucco pipeline . 
  + + still the best if your goal is to maximize caffeine intake per time . 
   ... and you 're anti-eu , you 're a fucking traitor . 
  and not a true patriot . 
  not if there is not enough beds , and if it is n't a regular thing . 
   yeah , he has some eu reform ideas which you can disagree with , that 's fine , but he 's actively trying to keep the uk in the eu .
