  it is nevertheless sad to see that ireland is not even trying to develop a somewhat stable real economy , do n't you think ? 
  the wealth needs to be stabilized , or the country will just go from one economical collapse to the next . 
  what is also sad is the robber mentality irish citizens are displaying when they post about how the rest of europe can suck it and they will never be able to force them to close their tax holes . 
  normal citizens no less , or are all irish on reddit working in the financial industry ? 
  this is not really compatible with my idea of human dignity . 
  it might not trigger other referenda right away , but it would lower the threshold . 
  if they leave , they would have to come up with a procedure , providing a guideline and therefore making it easier for other countries . 
  from then on there 's a bit of a danger that member states `` leave for fun '' , because for one legislative period the anti-eu folks got a bit more votes . 
  on the other hand it could also have the opposite effect of showing politicians that calling for an exit comes with real-life consequences from then on . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  is austria drawn separately from the hre from 1300 ad on ? 
  why ? 
  what exactly is this double-headed eagle on golden background if it does not include austria and bavaria and other stuff i can not identify right now ? 
  what is going on , please explain . 
  sewage treatment is rather rare when the waste water is eventually dumped into the sea as opposed to a river , anyway . 
  i have a feeling this is something else than `` dumping raw sewage '' . 
  a little personal anecdote : when i was a little child we used to go to croatia every year for holiday . 
  one day i was swimming in the sea when i saw a turd floating next to me . 
  they where dumping sewage into the sea a couple of hundred meters next to the beach . 
  to be honest , it takes away some of the magic of my holiday memories from my childhood . 
  anyway , if you wanted to dispose of sewage into the sea , would you do it like in the picture ? 
  i would n't . 
  maybe a pump down there throws up sand , for whatever reason . 
  this might be the only website where the comments are worse than on youtube . 
  not having a referendum just means that the anti-eu trolling continues . 
   it can not work in ukraine , those people are fighting for their country and will not lose the will to fight . 
  there is a chance that it can work . 
  russia does have a lot more military resources . 
  and then there will be increasing pressure , mostly from the west , to end the conflict - in some way . 
  now that russia is successfully supporting the `` separatists '' , things do n't look very good to me at all . 
  how would a solution look right now ? 
  federalism and therefor russian control over parts of the country , an independent `` new russia '' , all with the worst territorial losses for ukraine ever since the conflict began ? 
  the west can not support ukraine until it wants russia to openly - and much more - support the fighters in the east . 
  peace-keeping forces would cement the current borders , ... 
  so , what 's left ? 
  the other side had a similar plan . 
  the earliest defense goal was to hold off a ussr/warsaw pact attack for at least 3 days , long enough for nato to get the troops in place , or they would create an obstacle for the russian tanks in the form of a nuclear wasteland where once was austria . 
  ireland , what ireland ? 
  you mean it is still a true neutral country ? 
   regarding austria : `` perpetual neutrality '' was the condition for the soviet union you know , i always feel the need to set this straight , at least as i understand what happened back then . 
  i do n't think it was the soviet union that demanded austrian neutrality ... the end of the occupation of austria was a topic the allies avoided as good as they could , the soviets where the first that supported the ( austrian , not soviet ) proposal that included neutrality , after brazil nagged them long enough through diplomatic channels . 
  neutrality does not seem to mean much nowadays . 
  in the cold war it was a good model , do n't get involved with the blocks , able to act as a mediator , ... as a neutral country you need to stay out of conflicts , do n't take sides , do n't initiate conflicts , but above all you need to be able to defend your turf no matter what . 
  it 's a recipe for peace , you are no threat to others and you do n't tempt others to attack by showing weaknesses . 
  switzerland * might * be able to do that alone these days , but none of the other neutral european countries . 
  austria definitely ca n't : its military simply never adapted to the changed threats , instead - only surrounded by friends - it just shrank in size . 
  sweden always seemed to have a funny idea of neutrality , it seems to be kind of an unofficial nato member anyway . 
  no idea about ireland . 
  is there a story to this ? 
  good , european army , the bottom-up approach . 
  silence , denial , ignorance and stupidity , looking for a good compromise between what is politically inoffensive and economically convenient ... all served with a friendly smile . 
  esa has the ariane . 
  i am sure that this is n't news to you , you even mentioned it above , so what are you talking about ? 
  you make it look like the esa does n't have launchers ... although i am aware that the ariane is horribly expensive for some tasks , tasks sojus was the perfect solution for . 
  and how is it `` just bullshit propaganda from the eu '' ? 
   i keep repeating the same arguments that 's right , i noticed . 
  i also noticed that you are repeating again and again how everybody misses your point . 
  did you read your own posts ? 
  do you even remember the point you are trying to make , or better the point the text in your posts is making ? 
  or is dismissing other people 's posts some kind of hobby for you ? 
  it does not mean that we hurt ourselves more than russia , it does merely mean that we hurt ourselves too . 
  it also does n't mean that * what we wanted to happen has n't happened * , just that it harms ourselves too . 
  i know , i really should n't respond , but i already typed this here , so ... but it is the last thing i am going to add to this `` discussion '' . 
  * shooting yourself in the foot * means that there 's a unintended harm to yourself in the process , not that you take all the damage and the other one goes away unharmed . 
  orban is saying that the sanctions are having negative effects on europe too , lithuanian dude says that without the sanctions things would have been even worse . 
  that 's all there 's to it . 
  yo mountains so small , one and the same mountain is smaller in germany than in austria . 
   the situation is n't comparable . 
  yes it is , in the way that in both situations a former cold war power is dreaming of the long lost time when every country on earth had to choose a side and cower behind one of the two big guys . 
  the other similarity is that they are grossly overestimating their power and influence in the present world . 
  in both situations a country thought their power comes from brute force , when it was really large scale voluntary cooperation . 
  what we are having here now is in many ways a mirror image of 2003 , it 's just the other side that is having one of those cold war back flash seizures . 
  none of that will ever justify the iraq war , but that 's how you responded . 
  prepare to have your mind blown : what if both were unjustified , they are even comparable in some ways , but one happened in the past and the other can still be stopped ? 
  stop trying to justify iraq , wtf ... 
  http://i.imgur.com/vvp34u3.jpg serbs and russians seem to have more in common than i thought , 
  i am not aware of such problems , not that i am some kind of expert though . 
  are you talking about graz or generally ? 
  look at the map . 
  with the exception of lithuania nobody will even notice the sanctions in europe , they are supposed to pull the russian population into the conflict , because the sanctions coming from the west are targeted , with as little effect on the general population as possible . 
  http://imgur.com/a/wjoep there are currently 5 generations of trams in graz , although the oldest one ( last picture on the right ) only drives tourists around the city center . 
  how is norway tied into this anyway ? 
  sorry i did n't pay a lot of attention to norway recently . 
  they are not eu , but i guess they support and take part in the eu , us , ... sanctions against russia ? 
  you should direct the smoke towards iceland . 
  are you saying that navalny is a `` fascist '' ? 
  when this post is 6 hours old i am reading it . 
  is this new ? 
  i faintly remember something about a canceled training facility , but i do n't even know if it was from germany . 
  the catch was that it was almost completely built already and the cancellation had no real effects . 
  no , seriously , schnitzel with ketchup , it 's happening . 
  i 've seen people doing it with my own eyes , austrians , adults !, 
  i am talking about a restaurant , not in the shit-stained apartment of some heroin addict . 
  nobody protested and one even had the audacity to offer me some ketchup to my schnitzel as well . 
  it is now ok to eat your schnitzel with ketchup . 
  and then what ? 
  people who painted their skin black was very obviously part of artistic performances in various parts of europe . 
  the relationship between black and white people is and was very specific in the us ( and south africa and other at one point racially segregated places ) . 
  austria , at least , did n't import black slaves to forage cotton in the millions , to my knowledge . 
  in some countries a black-face is just a black face .
