  i am wondering if people would be happy with more visible and transparent industry interest groups , since those are admittedly a sign of corporatism . 
  it is true that the eu needs to know the opinions of the industries , just as much as of the populations , the danger is hidden influence in a way that they create conflicts between the interests of those two groups . 
  companies are whining about taxes ? 
  shut . 
  down . 
  france . 
  i think 2mb/s is the absolute max in germany over adsl . 
  i have around 1.5 / 0.7 mb/s here , i could scale it up a little , but for a real upgrade you 'd have to switch to fiber . 
  wait a second , are you talking about bits or bytes/baud ? 
  it was a big topic , but i do n't know what came from it . 
  all i am saying is that caution is advised , `` free trade = = good '' is not necessarily true everywhere and all of the time . 
  i have no idea where rambo 3 was banned , but do n't lump in former yugoslavia with the ussr/warsaw pact . 
  i ca n't say i am an expert in yugoslav history , but the beginning was much closer to the socialist ideals , since they do n't include any force other than against `` enemies of the revolution '' , the bourgeoisie , monarchists , etc. 
  as far as i am informed the workers simply began to organize themselves because after the war the factories just stood there . 
  yugoslavia and the ussr were never on good terms either . 
  you know it 's a * very * far-reaching topic , do n't underestimate it . 
  because i read a little more about this single detail : a full-blown free trade agreement without exemptions would for example basically kill european art cinema , because state subventions are an unfair advantage . 
  only garbage movies with bullet-time and a maximum explosion count from then on !, 
   investor-state dispute settlement or copyright/patent law explain . 
  i do n't know what 's going on . 
  i do n't know if there is really something wrong with your taste buds , but artificial sweeter does n't have the taste of sugar , it has a hint of bitterness . 
  it is sweet , though , sweeter than sugar . 
  for some time i am using artificial sweeter for my coffee , mostly because it is more convenient . 
  recently i noticed that i need shitloads of natural sugar to get my coffee as sweet as i am used to with the artificial sweetener by now . 
  yugoslavia did their own thing during the cold war . 
  i am wondering about that myself . 
  integrating them into the host society most likely means breaking up of clans and families and putting them through reeducation-gulags . 
  what i wonder is if there are any positive examples where roma live a productive `` roma life '' somewhat in harmony with the world around them . 
  then those conditions should be studied and the various host societies should take care that the same conditions exist where roma live . 
  if such conditions do exist they definitely do n't exist in graz/austria . 
  most of the time i argue on the side of the roma , because political proposal are particularly retarded and short sighted here ... banning begging and such ... first i 'd like to know if they have other options . 
  on a personal level i am not happy about the roma here . 
  `` begging '' is really a euphemism for `` besieging of grocery stores '' , during all of the opening hours , by people who can parrot just enough german to wish you a good evening in the morning . 
  on the more positive side , crimes committed by roma is not a topic here . 
  whatever we do , do n't segregate them more than they segregate themselves . 
  i really hate it when people group food in healthy/unhealthy . 
  fructose is very different to sucrose/glucose/etc . 
  since it bypasses the glucose/insulin cycle you might not have to call it sugar . 
  there can be a health benefit in that , it introduces new problems for the very same reasons ( potential overweight problems because cravings for sugar wo n't ever stop if the insulin level does n't rise ) . 
  but apart from that i 've read for a long time now that the eu is eyeing fructose or products similar to hfcs for purely logistical reasons , because it is more `` sweet '' per weight and volume . 
  the czech republic , hungary and east germany were already in relatively good shape before the fall of the iron curtain . 
  slovakia is hard to say for me , first they profited of being part of czechoslovakia and could n't really be judged on their own , they seem to continue to fly a bit under the radar still . 
  east germany would probably win , because both germanies made an ungodly effort to integrate the eastern parts , but its a boring choice . 
  i would say either romania or the estonian/latvian part of the baltics , lithuania seems to have a little more problems . 
  poland is ambitious , but i do n't see a lot of success yet , not more than in the other countries . 
  does n't mean that measures like this are n't pointless , populist bullshit . 
  the mayor basically said it himself ... `` until peace is restored '' , aka until the locals are done scapegoating . 
   labskaus deutsches * surf and turf * ? 
  look it up on knowyourmeme , it was a response to poles going crazy , most prominetly the takeover of drawball . 
  i do n't think that polandball tells anything about whether poland is shitty and how much . 
  it will forever serve as a reminder of the annoyingness of the polish people , though . 
  pfuh , they barely survived another year . 
  drunken lederhosen-on-dirndl-action is sexy as hell . 
  did you watch the series recently ? 
  some time ago there was a submission that asked to post famous national tv series . 
  i went to youtube to find excerpts to link and accidentally watched one of them . 
  sweet jesus !, 
  what an insufferable shithead !, 
  mundl sackbauer represents everything that is wrong with this country !, 
   how did he get away with taking pictures which so openly `` denigrated the socialist reality '' ... where ? 
  how ? 
  first rule : stay away from alcoholic drinks in plastic bottles and tetra packs . 
  slovenia , slovakia and germany do n't touch , but it is a neighbor to `` some others '' , that 's right  the `` inventor '' of bdsm will be hard to identify , but if you are thinking of leopold von sacher-masoch , the author of `` venus in furs '' - i thought he was austrian , but he was from what is now the western ukraine . 
  de sade was french . 
  what famous sm coffee shop are you talking about ? 
  200 fork-lift-requiring euro-pallets , according to the article . 
   the sp\u00d6-ministers tried to cover up the whole thing in the beginning . 
  they woul n't have done that if they were n't guilty . 
  they tried to avoid a scandal , they were n't hiding anything , and they were not guilty because they can not be accused of anything . 
  the losses were not net losses , so even the excitement around the case was fabricated . 
  what was the result ? 
  nothing , not even new rules , because legislators decided it would be counterproductive to restrict state governments in investments in such a way . 
  i realize that in this post and in my last i argue one-side against black/blue and i freely admit that i find myself on the left side of things for the most time , but this was obviously a distraction from the real scandals that where going on at the time , so they can say `` yeah , bribing eu mps is not strictly legal if you want to be pedantic , but the others are n't angels either '' . 
  and you know , even when nothing came from it , something will stick and some people will continue to go `` the others are not better '' . 
  in the end they become more accepting of real scandals as business as usual . 
  that 's the danger here . 
  * this was intended as a response to redmo , but he has deleted the post by now , so i 'll attach it here . 
  * a bit of an sensationalized list there , lol . 
  the real scandals are around the former \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 ( / bz\u00d6 ) coalition from 2000 to 2006 , the eu mp bribing scandal , and hypo-alpe-adria in fp\u00d6 ( / bz\u00d6 ) - controlled carinthia . 
  they are either more corrupt or have less talent in hiding corruption . 
  * the greens are mainly guilty of being pointless * stronach is embarrassing . 
  * `` gambling with tax money on the financial markets '' is really `` investing '' , only when an investment fails it is retroactively declared `` gambling '' , there was a lot of noise but they did not break any laws or etiquette . 
  if you do n't want people to invest tax money , write a law that says so . 
  the british attempts to change the topic are tiresome . 
  i do n't remember reading anything about spain wanting gibraltar back now , the dispute is about contraband , tax evasion and gibraltar creating obstacles for spanish ships in the area . 
  this would n't even have to be a diplomatic issue . 
  what gibraltar is , is no secret , they do n't even want fishing rights , there is no industry there or anything . 
  gibraltar is a harbor , a harbor where goods can be brought into spain that can not be brought in through spanish ports , at least with less difficulty or cost . 
  gibraltar is uk-land , not in schengen , treat it as such ... profit . 
  sweet jesus !, 
  shut up already !, 
  i swear to jesus , my signature on digital pads never even had the slightest similarity to my real signature , and even that is inconsistent . 
  this type of signature thing must be one the most pointless things ever . 
  it 's nothing more than a sign that * somebody * scribbled * something * on there , with a little luck the one who was supposed to , but nobody can say for sure . 
  yeah , i 'm undecided how the eu should develop , i agree that the eu should move closer to the people , but i am a little afraid of the mistakes that are possible on this path . 
  having the parliament choose the members of the commission would change the current power balance to the disadvantage of the member states , i doubt that that 's going to be accepted in the foreseeable future . 
  he said he wants to see differences in ideology in the * legislation * , though , and that requires more than just ideology in the parliament or commission . 
  * the university of prague is the oldest in central europe . 
  * skoda-works , split up and mostly known for cars now , once a huge industrial conglomerate , used to be the heavy-industry center of austria-hungary . 
  * [ they like to throw people out of windows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defenestrations_of_prague ) a personal experience i remember was a taxi driver circling around brno approximately three times when we , completely drunk , told him to bring us to the next discotheque .
