  what 's even worse , it would encourage the uk to continue like this - forever . 
  so there is really nothing to gain . 
  i think you are onto something , buddy . 
  totally no coverage on the romanian protests , especially considering that they are basically protesting a fire in a nightclub . 
  hahaha , did n't know this movie yet, 
  yes . 
  weird selection for austria , the only well known one on there is stiegl . 
  many of the big brands are part of brau union of which heineken owns the majority , but even then , all other big names are missing . 
  lol , did n't notice it myself , that 's vienna . 
  names like central , nordic or baltic and the need to associate with either are a concern only for a very specific group of european countries , most likely not so much for a country with a well developed identity , like finland . 
  yep , i understood his post as a question what a `` deming craft '' is . 
  demining ? 
  try reading a telegraph article about france ... 
  well the implication of one word is that they are going somewhere and of the other that they are coming from somewhere , but who cares ? 
  that 's like saying the term * auto * and * car * have wholly different implications , both are words in different languages who refer to exactly the same thing . 
  i think there are situations where you 'd have to explain both in english and in german what exactly you mean , like `` they are not refugees in a strictly legal sense '' ... because a refugee is also not just somebody seeking refuge . 
  nope , in international law * refugee * and * fl\u00fcchtling * are exactly equivalent . 
  that does n't mean that everybody ( politicians , media , your mom , uncle bert , the one guy , what 's his name ) necessarily uses the term correctly , or in the legal definition . 
  ~ ~ chill ~ ~ ch\u00fc a bisserl , oider . 
  he might have been a tiny bit cringeworthy at that time . 
  just what i thought . 
  eu and euro mixed up . 
  woah , i did n't know it 's that low . 
  anyway , i do n't think that 's a useful way of reporting energy production , unless there 's an obvious way of increasing efficiency , then it would nicely show the unused potential . 
  but since that 's not really the case , it smells more like misrepresentation of data . 
  take a look at the iceland diagram . 
  hydropower has an energy conversion efficiency of well above 90 % , so the 110 pj of rejected energy come mostly from the 130 pj geothermal . 
  if this is the correct reading of the numbers then only 20-30 pj of geothermal energy reach the end users as heat or electricity . 
  probably did n't even start to negotiate with some countries . 
  for which reason do you think most of the other countries  160 have less than finland or sweden ? 
  they both are looking for solutions to different problems with nuclear fusion . 
  iter will show if in practice energy production ( net out  in ) is possible , the stellarator design addresses the inconvenient fact that tokamaks ca n't work continuously . 
  what ' `` rejected energy '' , energy lost in conversion or what ? 
  and diverse . 
  you should have a referendum about it . 
  whatabout whatabout china and germany !, 
  yes , / u/qixiaoqiu , answer this man !, 
  are you planning to use tear gas and water cannons ? 
  this comment tree is one of the scariest things i 've read today . 
  not sure if i 'm missing something , though . 
  well , for one , steiermark was named after steyr at one point because it was ruled from there ( from the * styriaburg * , now * schloss lamberg * ) . 
  before that the name was similar to carinthia , * karantanische mark * or something ? 
  steyr used to be important because of iron processing , together with erzberg were the ore was from . 
  and the reason for that were manly the two rivers * steyr * and * enns * that meet there , which allowed for easy transport . 
  in the 19th century it became an industrial center with leopold werndl and his factories ( later steyr-werke , steyr-daimler-puch , and what 's left over and got sold after the split-up ) . 
  what do you mean ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't think that `` steyr '' is a typical upper austrian word , or typical anything for that matter . 
  poland needs to be strong and united against all the external forces that want its demise !, 
  no time for wishy-washy leftist daydreaming when you 're under attack !, 
  i do n't know , some people obviously like it , but i could n't wait to get out again - and i do n't plan on visiting again . 
   salzburg hey everybody , let 's fall in love with salzburg . 
  let 's see , there 's this beer hall , an irish pub and the places mozart was born/once took a dump in ... :p, 
   ... shch who would do such a thing ? 
  ~ ~ not trying to be an asshole or anything , but ... hu ? ~ ~ ok , now that i completed the survey i get it . 
  but the force is not big !!, 
  well that 's very easy , see there is a thing called a `` spin '' . 
  what a `` spin '' is is so easy to explain that i 'm not going to waste my time here with it . 
  the point is , if many of those `` spins '' point into the same direction , the magnetic force ~ ~ for ~ ~ is big , if not , it 's not . 
  read the article . 
  are you trying to make a case against the * editorialised titles * rule ? 
  i downvoted your opinion and the facts you posted because i disagree with them and i only support free speech when it suits my agenda . 
  they pay for the flight back if asylum is refused . 
  europe , schmeurope !, 
  it is in the east , therefor it is central !, 
  that 's what you get for not proposing at red lobster !, 
  i vividly remember some americans in their early twenties chat about how mcdonald 's is the ultimate date killer , you need to take her to `` red lobster '' whatever that is . 
  and all the business about the man spending money `` shows that you care '' . 
  reading about american dating makes me wonder why there are not more shooting sprees happening there . 
  is n't it all central europe from berlin to vladivostok no matter how northern or southern ? 
  / u/fminus1138 called it a month ago , guys !, 
   one remembers earlier campaigns on acid rain or gmo one thing is not like the others . 
  ice hockey , you know like regular hockey , but on ice . 
  according to you ... that 's a shame , what happened to you ? 
  lobotomy or did a truck roll over your head ? 
  sucks to be you then . 
  and no , you ca n't come to planet earth , we 're full . 
   the uk provides an important counter-weight to german and french dominance . 
  how ? 
  as far as the eu is concerned , uk is dead weight , no matter how influential they are otherwise . 
  hell on earth if you have any expectations beyond `` getting a degree '' . 
  you 'll have to come to terms with the fact that there were polish collaborators . 
  this collective batshit hissy-fit poland throws at every occasion is an attempt to avoid that . 
  wow , at the time of this post and 76 total comment in this sub , there was a one poster with a polish flag that did n't deserve to be downvoted . 
  things are getting better . 
  measure against vote manipulation , you ca n't immediately tell whether your vote had an effect . 
  the score you see on reddit has random noise added to . 
  if the % upvote does n't change , it 's only that . 
  is this a joke ? 
  i ca n't figure them out quite yet , but i do know that they are economically liberal , which would place them rather to the right . 
  their stance on social liberalism is what remains to be seen . 
  well , depends on how you want to look at it , their slogans are against immigration . 
  neos are the left wing ? 
  sp\u00d6 / green is still possible , there 's no realistic option for the fp\u00d6 to be in the government as the conservatives lost more than anybody else . 
  looks like nothing much will change . 
  do n't know if another coalition between red and green is what the two parties want . 
  cut down a little on the irrelevant shitposts , buddy . 
  all the same , just a slightly different music style ... which i am not a fan of either . 
  haha , radio here is something you can listen to with many people in a car or at the work place : music the least people object to . 
  radio is a bit of a sad story in austria .
