  this dependence is undermining its neutrality additionally . 
  so , what i am trying to say is that neutrality and a strong defense are not conflicting ideas , on the contrary . 
  the next thing is that i believe that nowadays it is no longer responsible to stay out the of global conflicts the world is dealing with and this fortress-idea of neutrality that worked during the cold war , is outdated , the expenses are also hard to justify . 
  but this is a different topic . 
  your very bad at figuring out what people are arguing about , buddy . 
  is it because you 're stupid ? 
  since before the financial crisis . 
  yeah , it is very much comparable , in fact that 's the core of it . 
  consider the reaction of such a guy to two ugly women doing it , that 's about as interesting as two men . 
  is there any real evidence by now that the coup had anything to do with g\u00fclen or his followers ? 
  you know , before i saw your edited picture i was sure he meant the lederhosen , but now ... hahahah . 
  also i think the flag hides at least 4 more smartphones . 
  well , google `` ein echter wiener geht nicht unter '' , go to youtube and watch all episodes . 
  oh , i forgot , learn german first and get familiar with the viennese dialect . 
  afterwards you 'll get the reference . 
  i have no clue why u/wurstel gets it , though his name has a bit of a german/austrian touch . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmm4whotbgc ok , so the story is : edmund `` mundl '' sackbauer wants a beer , but his wife has n't bought one . 
  she says `` gott nochamoi , amoi host dei deppades bier ned und scho mochst a theater . 
  '' , to which mundl responds angrily `` mei bier is ned deppad !, 
  '' , which became one of the most prominent lines the character ever said in the history of the show . 
  in english the conversation could have gone like * she * : `` jesus , once you do n't get your stupid beer and you put up a fuss like this ! '', 
  * mundl * : `` my beer is n't stupid ! '', 
  yes . 
  well they are n't . 
  that 's the fun part of referenda . 
  oh , ok . you sure showed those people that do n't want you to do what you want to do . 
  hmm . 
  so , is this basically anti-geese , or better anti-bird , propaganda to justify eating them ? 
  i am actually quite sure he will win this time , because the fp\u00d6 is better in mobilizing people . 
  all the other things do n't matter too much , the party uses anti-eu retoric but never seriously proposed to leave the union . 
  the morons are back from their holidays . 
  hello . 
  what have non-american humans ever done to you ? 
  9 since 1945 , excluding the international atomic energy agency . 
  that 's more than i thought . 
  yes , the nobel peace prize is included . 
  petrol car owners are going to be the vinyl fetishists of the future . 
   sure , an electric car can bring you to your destination quicker , safer and cheaper , but more important to me is the sound my car makes when i put in the wrong gear . 
  the last of the v8s ... 
  yes , the sun does n't shine on poland and slovakia but it shines on ukraine . 
  mao was awesome , just as / u/pm _ me_furry_pics explained and communism in general a great success that showed people what you can achieve if you care about more than just money ! 1, 
  yes . 
  and the next time there are bad news about the euro it 's again not it 's end . 
  and the time after that , also not . 
  and no , you did n't tell us so , because the end you predicted is still not there . 
  you know very well that this would have been politically impossible . 
  also i am getting rather sick of the continued prophecies of the euro 's demise . 
  the economy is shit , there are problems , but it 's not the end of the currency that the ones that always knew , always waited for . 
  they are just problems and they are being worked on , slowly . 
  there are problems , there were problems and there 's going to be problems in the future , but they 're not the end of the euro . 
  most former currencies of the euro zone would have been in a bad state at this point in time . 
  no , some british guys `` said it is certainly something that is on the table right now '' , or something to the effect , meaning they are totally prepared to discuss it . 
  alone . 
  in the closet . 
  always read more than the headline . 
  the other eu countries put up with a lot from the uk over the decades , from the day of its entry to just very recently , anything that resembles yet another special deal will be met with anger . 
  besides , the eu is supposed to negotiate in the interest of its members , the times of handing out gifts is over . 
  what if you want it next week ? 
  well , when they do something else you lose production capacity . 
  to be completely honest , `` the people '' have no clue what they want . 
  i did n't make any survey , so maybe it looks a little less confused if you look at hard data , but people both want a strong eu and less eu influence on their lives , a more democratic eu and absolute national sovereignty , no thought wasted on the fact that `` more democratic '' means a shift further away from one-vote-per-country , essentially taking away power from their own national governments . 
  i 've had enough of referenda and of `` the wants of the people '' , in fact i might be already sick of elections all together , looking especially at the rerun of the presidential vote in austria , soon , that 's again going to be roughly 50/50 with the winner being chosen by chance . 
  voting looks a lot like trolling nowadays , it is definitely not the right way to make good decisions . 
  yes . 
  yeah , your conspiracy theory is not about that they met , but about what happened in those meetings . 
  it actually means `` god is the greatest '' . 
  ok , so , do you want to remove the conspiracy theories in your comment ? 
   hdp before summer 15 elections were pursued / `` advised `` by european institutions to antagonize akp to ... do you have any sources for that by any chance ? 
  care to explain what you mean by that ? 
  you 're projecting incredibly hard here , buddy . 
  well , work out an individual future energy concept tailored specifically to the country 's situation ... buddy . 
  sounds totally convincing . 
  there is really no other choice . 
  uhum . 
  any particular reason why you are stating some of those values in inch , feet , pounds ? 
  blaming the coup on g\u00fclen comes from the turkish government , so it `` might '' be bullshit . 
  yes . 
  hahaha . 
  that 's the most british thing i 've read all day . 
  something you will notice in the near future is that the eu provides access to 27 countries in one go , for whatever service or business . 
  including the uk in addition to that means to double the effort for maybe 5-10 % gain ... and that 's not going to look like an attractive deal for most businesses . 
  free movement of capital , goods and services but not people is a market distortion and there are good economic reasons why it is included . 
  it is a benefit for people that like to travel in europe for entirely different reasons . 
  in short , no `` single market '' but three of the four freedoms that form it , is not going to happen . 
  an individual free trade agreement is possible , but it 's never going to be as far reaching as the common european solution , if it excludes freedom of movement . 
  `` everything in this newspaper is a lie '' . 
  that could also easily avert the coming ai takeover . 
  good , a little mistake like that could happen to anyone :d, 
  is this from the same author as the earlier atlas of prejudice maps ? 
  i used to like them , but what has been posted in the last days is really low effort shit . 
  what is this 4th reich bullshit ? 
  those people seem to be taking a break from this sub . 
  article 50 triggers the exit of britain from the eu and starts the 2 year timer after which the exit procedure has to be finished . 
  to be honest i am not sure if that was what you were asking . 
  did you editorialize the title like that on purpose ? 
  i will type this very slowly , and you should try to read it very , very slowly , ok ? 
  the uk can not formally make trade agreements as a non-member while it still is a member because the uk 's legal situation as far as it concerns trade with the eu and countries it has trade agreements via the eu with , is not clearly defined until the exit is finalized . 
  what this means is that they can talk about `` free trade '' , but at that point any new trade agreement ca n't be more than a bunch of blank pages , because they still do n't know what they should write into it . 
  do you understand what i am saying ? 
  they can not legally negotiate before the exit is settled .
