  they are given away around public transport stops mostly . 
  it 's something easy enough to digest for your brain at 5-6 o'clock in the morning on the way to work , but not really high on information value . 
  did n't notice any outrageous misinformation so far , it 's just simply trash . 
  commissioners are nominated by the respective member state and the whole commission has to be approved by the european parliament . 
  i wonder where you think this goes against what we call democracy on the national level . 
  journalism at its finest, 
  politically , not geographically . 
  the only way to have the camera look directly into a light source and still see something of the rest of the picture , that i know of , is `` hdr '' . 
  i am not sure what this thing is actually called , hdr for when we had shit cameras : you take multiple pictures of the same thing at different exposure times and let software combine it to one picture . 
  the original goal is to save as much detail as possible in the dark areas without overexposure of the bright ones . 
  some people just use it to make the colors look weird , though . 
  your picture is the perfect example for misused software hdr , op 's too i think , just less obvious . 
  hdr or not , this thing looks really cool . 
  no , it does n't bother me , probably because it is very well done in german speaking countries and because it is so prevalent , we do n't know anything else . 
  it makes following entertainment movies much easier , especially when they are not worth all of your attention . 
  for some select movies i look for the original versions online , the movies from the cohen brothers for example , as they put a big effort into the dialogue . 
  art house movies are rarely dubbed because of lack of funds . 
  cameron is that you ? 
  exit something !, 
  change something !, 
  do it now !, 
  lol , i 'll repeat that again , what i am talking about is not meant as a punishment , but there has to be something to make sure that any debate about exiting the eu is taken seriously , leave if you want to leave , but do n't throw the threat around for fun . 
  in my opinion this is absolutely necessary for the continued stability of the eu . 
  oh wow , a toxic relationship is when you do n't want to get together with the same person in the week after a breakup . 
  your analogy makes tons of sense , little buddy . 
  i did not mean to imply any hostility by that at all and i guess i have explained that often enough by now . 
  why is it a threat if a country honestly wants to leave ? 
  it has to be made sure that it 's not going to be used as a negotiation tool again . 
  talk about leaving if and only if you actually want to leave , that 's the whole message that sends . 
  you prefer the other option to tie up all eu resources indefinitely for a monthly leave/rejoin charade ? 
  cameron 's demands are a load of bullshit , that 's what they are . 
  as for the other thing , i think it is important to show that there is a price for leaving and that it should be well thought through , that 's it is not just another cheap tool to get more loot . 
  if the uk leaves , there 's going to a debate in some other countries too , at least for a short time immediately afterwards . 
  and now think of what would be lost without the uk , freedom of movement for services and capital might turn out slightly different and the eu 's budget would be 135 instead of 146 billion euros . 
  not . 
  uk in the eu has one theoretical advantage : foreign relations . 
  but that 's something that has never been realized in ... let me calculate ... 43 years now . 
  it 's no use to try to keep them in just because , if even nominally a member they do n't actually want to take part and actively help shape the union . 
  opt-outs and special favors to the uk for every little eu decision have to stop , i would n't even make symbolic concessions in the time before the referendum , the eu side has to make very clear that the referendum will be understood as an in/out decision , not status-quo/out . 
  if the referendum says to leave , just make sure to add a clause that does n't allow a renewed accession until 50 years later . 
  this should spare the eu the chaos afterwards . 
  yes , that 's the problem . 
   there were multiple `` studies '' about destroying the german race by mashing them up with other `` races '' from the planet , ... wow , / u/latr _ lext0n , i think you are after something here . 
  that 's some really deep sarcasm here , buddy, 
  and still greater prussia continued to exist , very well done !, 
  happy birthday , greater prussia . 
  the thing is , the only outer circle of an any-number-of-tiers europe that does exclude human rights and the freedom of movement is the one outside the union . 
  the msm does n't want you to know !, 
  hmm , a curved light saber has n't been done yet . 
  looks like there is at least one sith lord left somewhere . 
  there ca n't be any more darths , there are no more possible unique light saber shapes . 
  the jedi have won . 
  i ca n't think of anything interesting for austria , but in the yugo world , * jasmin * is a male name , which i always found strange and confusing . 
  i guess they are the only ones too . 
  i guess as long as you find it amusing , you do n't understand it . 
  first it is a misnomer because jesus certainly did n't come back on easter to cry `` you bastards abandoned me to the romans !!! '', 
  and then it 's not a joke to them , or one of those funny idiosyncrasies and spleens you find throughout the world , it 's the one most important element to the polish national identity , in a completely serious way . 
  what the fuck is jobbik doing in vienna ? 
  a political event by a hungarian party in austria ? 
  what ? 
  read up on `` christ of europe '' , seriously , not just some article , spend an afternoon on it . 
  it will open your eyes . 
  the funny thing is , the austrian states that are the lightest on the map are the two least industrialized , most agricultural ones . 
  i like you , you are nice . 
  hahaha , you 're not even the first dutch guy in the thread who has an issue with austria , i did n't expect that . 
  that 's not at all what the post said, 
  true because a blog post says so ? 
  what do you mean `` migrant passage unhindered '' ? 
  me too !, 
  niiiice . 
  i suggest we turn down the volume on poland for a little and check by the end of the legislative period if there are again signs of sanity . 
  we really have more important things to do here . 
  i do n't understand why they soil a valid argument by saying such a stupid thing . 
  coal ash is certainly not more radioactive than nuclear waste , but one of those two things is blown directly into the atmosphere while the other is in the best case contained and buried where it hopefully stays for a long time . 
  what drugs ? 
  lol we tolerate alcohol because you ca n't be a nice boy 365 days a year . 
  the whole idea that this is behavior that should be changed , that `` we should be better than that '' is idiotic . 
  i am talking about `` every now and then '' , if you do it every week or multiple times a week it is also idiotic . 
  the uk left the efta to join the eu ( ec back then ) in 1973 , while norway remained , you ca n't tell me nobody knew what that meant ... what a joke . 
  and what is wrong with getting completely wasted and breaking all rules every now and then ? 
  as far as i can tell there 's only a single brit in the thread , the submitter , the rest is a polish brigade . 
  [ `` hc straches social-media-team unterwandert / r/austria ??? 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/austria/comments/3l9wsw/hc_straches_socialmediateam_unterwandert_raustria/ ) , accusation that fp\u00d6 social media team is active on / r/austria as the sub shifts to the right . 
  [ `` unsere bundespolizei '' ] ( http://gfycat.com/coolwelcomecassowary ) , . gif of a police chase gone wrong . 
  [ `` thank you hungary !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hungary/comments/3lgaft/thank_you_hungary/ ) wow ... 
  haha , the group selfie one is awesome . 
  erm ... no ? 
  you know , the problem is not you being a conspiratard moron or anything , but you ca n't even follow a conversation and then ramble about completely unrelated stupid shit . 
  so , seriously , there 's too much alcohol in your blood right now . 
  sober up a little , buddy . 
  for which actions ? 
   brave austrians , that used to use key-words like ` democracy ' , ` facists ' etc are sending back unwanted ` refugees ' bac here we call that `` sending back people that are not eligible for asylum '' , you know , like it 's always done . 
  i think it will be somewhat amusing to watch things play out , in a twisted sense . 
  a human going to combat comes back as an experienced fighter , if he 's too bad injured or killed that experience is gone and somebody else has to start at basically zero in his place . 
  with unmanned weapon systems , combat experience leads to the improvement of all vehicles , including the newly built ones and nothing ever is lost , nobody starts at zero ever again . 
  i think this thing will go from `` how cute , it can follow a friendly soldier on its own ! '', 
  to the point where taking humans into battle seems pointless , rather quickly . 
  the noobs have now taken over the sub . 
  maybe god 's plan is to kill us all ?
