  do they need publicity ? 
  did they actually break the armistice once after pledging to stop all armed fight ? 
  i honestly do n't understand what this is about . 
  has putin already come out to explain russia 's position ? 
  all this time i was still sceptical , as people are a little quick to blame everything going on in the ukraine on russia . 
  this is bad , really bad . 
  europe is not ready for a conflict of this dimension , but i do n't see how it just sits there and watches things unfold . 
  i ca n't believe russia is this stupid . 
  what are they hoping to achieve ? 
  try to force a system on ukraine that the population does n't want , for 10 more years if they are lucky ? 
  i can believe that crimea is important for the russian navy , but every other way to handle it would have been better for all sides involved . 
  non-zero includes every chance greater than zero , meaning that however the chances are they are not zero , you can not neglect the possibility . 
  99.5 % is also non-zero . 
  anyways this has nothing to do with barosso or some other dudes , or the eu or anything in this direction , but potentially hard feelings created in britain during the split-off or a message spain wants to send to catalonia . 
  barosso and these other guys are just giving their personal assessment of the situation . 
  none of them can or want to force britain 's or spain 's hand in the matter , in one way or the other . 
  why should it ? 
  this conspiracy bullshit really starts getting on my nerves . 
  zomg the eu does n't want countries to secede from others , because ecb or something else !, 
  scotland would have to reapply with a non-zero chance that individual countries veto , that 's all barroso said . 
  this would be pretty outrageous if it was n't coming from a polish politician . 
  you get used to it after a while :p, 
  ** austria : ** redbull salzburg destroyed ajax amsterdam 0:3 watch out , football world , we are back ... well , a single team anyway . 
  after what happened in the ukraine recently , i doubt there would be much resistance , if and only if there 's a realistic chance that it would change things there . 
  as far as i am concerned , the process could begin any time but would of course only be finished if and when the problems are removed . 
  congratulations and good luck for the future . 
   the ukraine is not in the ezone , should europe anyways rescue the country with tax payers ' money or should the country default ? 
  coupled with a clear road map for political change i could imagine financial help coming from the eu . 
  but , ever since the beginning of the conflict , i guess i was not alone with slight suspicions that ukrainian leaders where looking to replace russia with the eu as the new sugar daddy . 
  so there have to be clear signs that the money wo n't just be flushed down some manhole of corruption . 
  also a friendly warning to the more pro-eu population in the ukraine : a course towards the accession of the country will not make everything perfect , parts of the national economy will collapse , others will appear , people will find themselves out of their old jobs , suddenly . 
  the national government will have to be ready to smooth out the transition . 
  farage is a clown . 
  that is all . 
  this is not my personal opinion or anything i support or condemn , but my understanding of the dynamics of such a situation . 
  to be honest i did not know about the most recent deal until after i posted the above comment ( 5 minutes ago ) , i am still reading up on it . 
  it does not look too bad , even if the elections in december ( 5 months before the original date ) are a bit of an insult , the other things sound promising . 
  the protests can not stop before the current government including the president resigns . 
  people died , sacrifices have been made and if they agree to some bullshit deal now , all was in vain , that 's the logic of such a situation . 
  they lost the support and the trust of a major part of the population . 
  i am willing to bet that in any of the more conflict-weary nations in our parts this would have happened in the first week . 
  yanukovich is finished and every person that dies until he leaves might as well be murdered by him personally . 
  i 'd like to add that i did n't downvote you for not being enough of an eu-lemming , but because your little conspiracy theory is genuinely stupid and unconvincing . 
  it is one thing to correct too simplified interpretations of the uprising in the ukraine , but another to do it like you just did . 
  your definition of the word `` majority '' appears to be a little unconventional as well . 
  installed . 
  you can have our germans , no problem . 
  they have to pay for the autobahn on the way to italy anyway :p, 
  no it has n't . 
  your * what * thingie ? 
  hahaha , the * jo freili * owl :d, 
  is n't she the one that came over from an extended stay in the us and announced `` you know what , in the united states they work more and earn less , let 's do that too , everybody !, 
  i do n't think it is so much about france itself , as economic debate still continues to be mainly ideological . 
  france , for a short time , simply served as the `` socialist '' boogeyman . 
  because the traditional `` socialist '' hellholes like greece and spain are now living examples of economic freedom and the success of austerity measures . 
  tap water quality should be fine here everywhere . 
  bottled water is sold too , but as mineral water , mostly carbonated . 
  you can hear the argument from a special type of brit too , although i did n't read it from the ones on this sub here before . 
  you know ... britain is an island and it 's space is limited . 
  also do n't build the channel tunnel because illegal immigrants will use it to come there ... by backpacking basically . 
  shut up . 
  seriously . 
  i have yet to meet a single romanian who does n't tell me that romanians are not the same as roma . 
  meeting somebody from eastern europe who does n't whine about being discriminated and looked down upon would be great , too . 
  or one who does n't confuse tv reports with the opinion of the `` eu '' . 
  in related news , cameron says some other grotesquely retarded shit . 
  the roma-are-making-us-look-bad-thing must be related to that . 
  look at the top post . 
   ... only baltic state that 's now green . 
  geography : 5 deductive reasoning : 5 -, 
   austria - 1516 nz victory hop devil india pale ale has globalisation gone too far ? 
  and what on earth is an indian pale ale ? 
  translation error , should be * land of waffles * . 
  yes . 
  thank you , nicest thing i heard all day . 
  you are pretty cool for a polish dude , too . 
  well , a typical polish retard would for example accuse germany of trying to shift responsibility for the holocaust to poland . 
  yes , that really happened , on this sub . 
  any more questions ? 
  it might be time for a / r/shitpolandsays, 
  it 's a good sign to me . 
  not in respect to germany in particular , but that there are considerable diverging opinions in poland in general . 
  so whenever you see a polish dude acting like a complete retard online you can tell yourself , for each of those there is another pole who is probably a reasonable human being . 
  commence the downvotes !, 
  now !, 
   yakhont the predecessor , the granit , is what i found fascinating . 
  they hunt in packs : one takes leadership automatically , climbs to greater heights for a better overview and assigns targets to the other missiles , which skim closely over the surface of the sea as to not be detected , in the swarm . 
  if boss-missile is shot down , any other one could take its role . 
  you do n't hear awesome stories like that of the newer missile systems . 
  stop boasting , murica , or serbia gets it !, 
  i find it extremely weird that they report on this tiny age range of only 9 years . 
  wtf ? 
  does anybody know where to find the full results ? 
  and high skill labour from norway , 
  why only this age group ? 
  what about people < 35 or  44 ? 
  i think i exaggerated that in my head over the years . 
  fact is that italy has several national police forces , all in control of different ministries , so that none can amass too much fighting power . 
  i guess none can quite match the army , though . 
  * polizia di stato ( interior ministry ) * carabinieri ( defense ministry ) * guardia di finanza ( ministry of economy and finances ) * polizia penitenziaria ( ministry of justice ) * corpo forestale dello stato ( ministry of agriculture ) * guardia costiera ( ministry of infrastructure and transports ) [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_enforcement_in_italy ),
