  singaporean our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  german 2 . 
  dutch 3 . 
  english edit : they asked whether the sentences are grammatically correct and not whether they 're good english , right ? 
  i ticked some pretty fucking weird sentences . 
   it 's not at all a question of timing . 
  if germany/eu really insist on ceasing the cooperation with russia , why do n't they right now stop importing gas from them ? 
  maybe you want to read my responses again ? 
   why does n't france right now say `` we 're definitely not going to deliver those warships ? 
  for the same reason bulgaria objects to the cancellation of south stream : utter brainfuckedness and shortsighted national economical interests . 
  but , yes , those ships must never be delivered to russia . 
  i agree that 's even more important than south stream . 
  it 's not a question of big/small , but one of timing . 
  before the ukraine thing i supported cooperation with russia too and i was not alone with that . 
  because that needs either alternative energy sources or alternative gas providers ( including the necessary infrastructure ) . 
  and that requires a process that is going to take years . 
  it 's political that 's damn fucking right , lol . 
  and that 's not a secret . 
  russia 's role in the ukrainian conflict was what changed the relationship between russia and the eu . 
  european dependency on russian gas funds their military and allows them to get away with way too much shit . 
  so , it 's important for the stability of the eu neighborhood to take away russia 's leverage in the european union . 
  criticism of the overweight of russia on the european energy market did exist before , but it was largely viewed as a hypothetical problem and a more cosmetic flaw . 
  go look for a subreddit that is more to your liking . 
  the sum of all your contributions on this sub is worth less than a piece of shit . 
  * a lot less * . 
  this should have gone directly to / r/shitamericanssay . 
   are you saying that the eu has suddenly decided to reduce dependency on russian gas ? 
  yes ? 
  nabucco is dead , but it was not intended to carry russian gas . 
  its successor , the trans adriatic pipeline is also not going to transport russian gas . 
  north stream is already built , so it 's a little late to stop this project from being started/completed . 
  no , he did not use these words . 
  he did , however , say that \u00d6zdemir 's turkish heritage bares him from criticizing the turkish prime minister . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/26wgs3/german_government_summons_turkish_ambassador_for/ the article is in german , but * google * chrome chrashes whenever i want to search something in * google * , so i am afraid , but you have to look for an english article yourself :p the guy is basically demanding loyalty of the chairman of the german greens to himself and to turkey . 
  let 's not forget the recent \u00d6zdemir scandal . 
  erdogan is the single greatest obstacle to the integration of turks . 
  because it would further cement europe 's energy dependence on russia . 
  vienna used to be a little insane , too . 
  a whole road was permanently barricaded . 
  but that was shortly after 2001 , maybe they relaxed a little since . 
  that stop sign does n't get much love . 
  seems radical . 
  that 's an actual unit from the netherlands under actual german ( and not eu ) command . 
  what 's going on ? 
  i did n't follow this in the news ( i assume it has been discussed ) . 
  edit : wikipedia says this is only about training and exercises . 
  although that information could be outdated . 
  what a bunch of retarded idiot comments . 
  warning : 0-day accounts posting bullshit ahead , not that they are the only ones posting bullshit . 
   i 'd like to hear the events that lead to france and germany switching places . 
  they each conquered each other and forgot to defend their own soil ? 
   merely pointing out how biased this sub is . 
  merely downvoting a shitpost . 
  `` russophobia '' has as much meaning to it as `` fascist '' when it 's coming from a russian official . 
  in theory , russophobia does exist , the fear of the raping , murdering and pillaging red hordes from the east , the idea that they are different , less civil , ... used in propaganda mostly in wwii but also before and later in the cold war , is still alive to some extent . 
  russians have made a joke of the term since they are referring to anything critical of russia as russophobic . 
  seriously , what 's the logic of such a statement ? 
  how does this own , private reality of his look like , in which such a statement is a good idea ? 
  if anything , it will only increase the probability of finland and sweden joining nato . 
  is this what he secretly wants ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  is that so ? 
  in my knowledge the eu is involved in italy , in africa and the sea in between . 
  as far as i know , other eu members have just refused to take up illegal immigrants and asylum seekers to italy . 
  who is this ? 
  and does the expression mean that she is the whore or her mother ? 
  i would say that people spending more now , when saving is less attractive does make a lot of sense . 
  saving is one of the opposites of investing , just like not having any money and not being able to borrow money . 
  oh my god , somebody stop this nice and articulate man from leaving . 
  give him * some powers * back and make * some changes * , quick !, 
  because it 's getting on my nerves how the russian propaganda machine is trying to make the ukraine conflict into us vs. russia , for no other reason than to make putin 's decision appear more `` heroic '' at home . 
  the black sea is useless for anybody other than bordering countries , us or nato are not more or less secure or powerful with or without ukraine . 
  shut up about the us already . 
  i think that there should be a european army command ( plus defense secretary of sort , including a prodecure that legitimizes the mobilization of the army via the eu parliament ) . 
  national armies should , as a first step , hold contingents ready that can be requested by the eu-army-thing-to-be . 
  eventually national military resources should be diverted to the eu where it makes sense . 
  i am not sure what kind of argument you are trying to build here . 
  we should not make russia angry ? 
  because we are afraid ? 
  it does n't matter because they are not going to attack eu ? 
  no , but they are going to attack nations surrounding the black sea , over and over and those two ships will play a prime role in this in the future . 
  strategic nuclear weapons have no offensive use . 
  they are all gypsies . 
  oh wait , no , that are the other ones . 
  the british that i met in my life have , without exception , all been nice people , but i do n't think i 'll miss anything important if i never visit their island . 
  it does not present itself as a very inviting culture . 
  in european politics they 've reduced themselves to a nuicance and they are a threat to progress for three more years . 
  less whining , more referending !, 
  selling these two ships could become the most stupid and most moronically shortsighted thing that ever happened on the whole continent . 
  they are going to be used in the black sea and it 's going to be europe 's responsibility to deal with them in the future . 
  europe quits russia . 
  yep , looks like it . 
  so the 2/3 rule for the rebate is wrong ? 
  i am a little confused now . 
   to be fair , it does seem to be a pointlessly unclear piece of work by the guardian . 
  which is odd , as they are supposed to a be pro eu paper and including the rebate would help the case for staying in the eu . 
  ~ ~ this is n't a problem with the guardian , the rebate is included in no diagram or statistic i 've seen so far . 
  it must have to do with the weird way it is applied and the definition of the net balance ... the rebate is calculated as a fraction of the net balance and is subtracted as the very last step , after everything else . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ nope , the guardian diagram apparently uses 2010 data , what is deduced is the 2.6 bn vat ( 14.7 bn - 2.6 bn = 12.1 bn ) . 
  and i have honestly no idea why that is counted towards the contribution anyway .
