  they can have informal talks based on what-if-we-left-the-eu , but who would even have such a harmless chat among buddies if it is not clear what the uk 's situation exactly is after the fact ... the only realistic path for the uk passes through such a `` wto '' period , they can only try to make it as short as possible . 
  in the eea they can be as reluctant as they want , then it 's just : follow the rules and shut the fuck up . 
  it 's been posted a couple of times here . 
  same with the fp\u00d6 in austria , after their first time in government the party imploded , recovered pretty quickly afterwards , though . 
  or , more likely , it shrank almost as much as it gained before . 
  well , actually , i heard stuff like the foreigners are overcrowding their public transport and stuff . 
  yes , you read that right . 
  not very convincing . 
  this is not about disconnects , it about that the party and likely the country is now with neither leadership , nor a plan . 
  he was the leader of the tory-leavers . 
  now that he lead an successful campaign , he abandons his responsibility and leaves the party and the country alone in finding a solution for this mess . 
  interestingly google search finds zero results for that exact phrase . 
  and i do n't really know what you are trying to get at , that it was only meant to dismiss wrong expert opinions and not the correct ones ? 
  or does the addition you made only make it into a `` evolution is only a theory '' - type of argument trying to create more doubt ? 
  during the last days before the referendum , one main point of the leave-campaign was that people `` are tired of experts '' , dismissing all rational economic arguments . 
  and of course it would just mean that after the penalties in the treaties for such behavior are used up , the uk will be thrown out before the 2 year grace period ends . 
  no , he is not right , not even maybe . 
  an eu member negotiating trade agreements with 3rd countries without consent of other members ? 
  that 's obviously not possible and it should n't be , as it has enormous consequences for all members . 
  this is all rather theoretical , do n't you think ? 
  i am rather sick by now of all those popular movements , because they tend to manipulate people into voting for stuff they do n't actually support . 
  you know , i lost my appetite for any campaigns that work with anything else but hard , cold , boring facts . 
  is it boring ? 
  is anybody trying to kill anything and will the effects be horrible if i do n't act now !!!? 
  yes ? 
  sorry , not interested . 
  which group made these posters ? 
  what choice ? 
  what was the choice ? 
  to continue to hold back or unleash decades of misinformation in a shitty referendum that will destroy the united kingdom , or at least unnecessarily cripple it for a long time ? 
  the uk has now left the european union , do you get that ? 
  over pints vs. liters , `` foreigners '' , `` refugees '' , those `` unelected bureaucrats in brussels '' , and `` the democratic deficit '' , such as the british commissioner of finance not being elected by the people but nominated by the british government ... 
  you know , * pig fucker * might be the nicest thing history books will have to say about cameron . 
  i never found this pig fucking story funny , nor did i make up my mind on whether i should believe it , but he deserves to be treated a little harsher now . 
  let him be known as * pig fucker * from now on . 
  you know the `` social issues '' you are mentioning are all topics that can truthfully only responded to in one way : `` it 's none of my business '' . 
  this is something that an angry mob is not able to , the options `` i do n't know '' and `` i do n't care '' are missing in today 's education on democratic principles , which at the basic level boils down to `` you have to have an opinion on everything '' . 
  please tell your father that he 's a moron . 
  thanks . 
  edit : actually , i am sure you are lying . 
  if he believes the punishment bullshit served by your tabloids there 's no way he did n't believe the leave-propaganda before the referendum . 
  telegraph back in normal mode . 
  negative or positive feelings aside , the uk will be a political mess until the exit is fully completed . 
  only after the brits know again who they are and what they want , it makes sense to talk about anything eu related again . 
  and then the accession process will be by the book at the very least . 
  15 years is definitely not enough for that . 
  15 years is nothing in this context , in 15 years the exit debris wo n't have settled completely yet . 
  and considering how the uk joined the eu the first time , it 's a good idea to be extra careful . 
  you do n't get to elect the financial minister at home either , buddy . 
  i am now waiting for you guys to dismantle representative democracy as we know it at home too . 
  everyone has to stand for public election . 
  do n't disappoint me !, 
  i will probably buy his memoirs , as soon as his psychological state allows him to contract a ghost writer , hahah , imagine bearing the responsibility for this shit fest . 
  i am not usually a guy that likes to see the world burn , but i am actually excited to see events unfolding in the next few years . 
  this is a huge change for the uk , governments , diplomats , legal and economic advisers wo n't have much time off from now on . 
  the eu is perfectly scaleable in either direction , so i do n't see any big problems for the union . 
  the challenge here is in the pace of events , lots of big decisions in little time . 
  one possible danger is that the exit negotiations keep the eu institutions busy and the issues the eu faces , that in theory could be easier to tackle now , are drawn out again until this whole episode is done . 
  yes , i am in no way saying that it is likely to happen , it 's just a scenario where i can imagine ignoring the referendum . 
  i do n't know what happens next , but the uk will face reality soon , i do n't think europhile/eurosceptic from yesterday means that much anymore . 
  the only hypothetical scenario i see is that cameron steps down and a party campaigning with the promise to ignore the referendum wins decisively . 
  the other nations called . 
  they said `` no . '', 
  hello to you , too . 
   churchill is considered to approve the eu but without britain . 
  i hate to disappoint you , but orban is n't following any particular plan other than to keep and increase his own power . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azqzwi9-ghu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samsung_sgr-a1, 
  if brexit happens , it does because of decades worth of `` brinkmanship '' . 
  uk politicians fueled anti-eu sentiment on purpose and used it as leverage , now they ca n't stop it , that 's all . 
  after a quick glance through your history i can say that your posts are downvoted because they present ridiculous shit arguments that deserve to be buried at the bottom of any submission . 
  always happy to help . 
  no , it 's not . 
  if only the eu did n't have free movement of people and goods and no other form of integration either , with internal borders including border walls and no cooperation whatsoever , especially no common agreed on human rights , and when it 's name would be changed to `` loose association of countries accidentally located on a continent that many call ` europe ' '' with a constituion called the `` anti-constitution of the loose association of countries accidentally located on a continent that many call ` europe ' '' with only one paragraph : all member countries are obliged to work towards ever-increasing division ... brits would find something else to bitch about . 
  3 german ( 3x2 $ ) , 1 spanish ( 1x2 $ ) , 1 greek ( 1x2 $ ) , 1 italian ( 1x20ct ) , 1 austrian ( 1x10ct ) . 
  no , hillary does not believe in making sacrifices for other countries , she believes in intervening globally to further us interests , well , at least to some extent , to * the * extent every us president since ages did . 
  what a shitty piece of text , there are thousands of trolls on reddit that could write a better one . 
  i am willing to consider the nationalism thing in europe because of the relations and tensions between the national and eu level . 
  but in the us ? 
  is trump about nationalism ? 
  is he more of a nationalist than hillary ? 
  it simply does n't make sense to even start thinking into this direction . 
  trump is simply abusing a loop hole in democracies , for a while . 
  he is blunt and offensive , and being offensive is nowadays for many people the closest thing you can be to being honest . 
  the other thing trump is about , is what all populists are about : providing simple ( and unworkable ) answers to complex problems . 
  the result of it is that he riles up some people , gets some support online and then he 's gone and we can start concerning ourselves with more interesting stuff . 
  : no , george friedman has not found the one true definition of fascism . 
  edit : jesus christ , geopolitical futures is george friedman 's site https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geopolitical_futures, 
  we all know the history of rfe/rl , but i did n't see anything too outrageous on there so far . 
  this map here is a potential misrepresentation , though . 
  large circle is  50k personnel , small one < 50k , the little asterisk says that all but one of the russian circle might have been the same exercise . 
  the other extreme way of reading it is that nato had 13 exercises with 49999 personnel each and russia had two , one with 1 guy and the other with a total of 50001 spread over several spots along its western border . 
  seriously , in poland the eu investments are basically understood as reparations for injustices they experienced throughout history . 
  and that fact does n't increase my confidence in the future of the eu . 
  is hofer personally involved in this ? 
  strache never promised to be a nice guy , 
  in waidhofen an der ybbs ( population ~ 11300 ) the responsible state government agency counted the mail votes twice ( once towards the normal votes and then again as votes by mail ) , it was identified as an error of course and the result has since been corrected . 
  there was another , basically made up , issue in linz where all of the city 's mail votes are counted towards a special electoral district , the numbers there look weird but are entirely correct . 
  of course all irregularities should be cleared up , especially when the result is this close , but that already happened , the fp\u00d6 is just playing games here . 
  well , and now what , mr. commenter ? 
  would i be born into a rich family ?
