  the us for example also has state and federal military . 
  ok , this is now the point where you explain how the photograph in question is pornography . 
  i have a bit of a feeling that your answer wo n't convince me , but fear not , i ca n't downvote you a second time . 
   well this basically removes any chance the uk will be in the single market without freedom of movement . 
  i find it funny that people are still talking about this . 
  there is no single market without free movement of labour , it 's one of the things that comprise the single market , it 's one of the things necessary to balance the european economy . 
  we can talk about whether it is a good idea to force people to move around in europe to work , but if the answer is `` no '' we can only reverse european economic integration . 
  that one member gets exemptions , is allowed to game the system even more to their advantage , at the expense of all others * and * while putting the whole european economy on a path to destruction , is ridiculous . 
  this is not a question of negotiation skill , it is not going to happen . 
  * his * fraud has been exposed ? 
  a whole country looking for excuses to not come up with a long-term energy plan . 
  propper , with a double dose of p. . . p. . . proper . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_physik maybe you could rephrase that , 
  i guess you 'd prefer it if people all played along with those stupid passive-aggressive games you come up with ? 
  you appear to be a bit of a moron . 
  are you ? 
  could it be that you 're going a little bit offtopic here ? 
  publishers could still sell journals , it 's just not the only way to obtain access to the papers . 
  reasons to buy journals could be to stay in touch with the newest of developments and to rely on the publisher to filter out the crap . 
  however the details work out , it is safe to say that this type of business will change . 
  there 's a lot of shady business going on there currently , like publishers selling the information multiply times in different forms , because the libraries signed contracts to buy all they offer ... 
  as it is now , selling those copies is how those standardization organisations fund themselves . 
  it 's a weird and infuriating system , though , agreed . 
  russia 's gdp looked different btw . 
  the warsaw pact states , while under control of the soviet union , were the buffer zone to the west . 
  the soviet economy , whatever you may otherwise think of it , remained undeveloped there . 
  i wonder for a long time why scientific publishing is n't open sourced yet , online only . 
  the researchers just want their work to be out there , are not paid for the content , the peer review process is also not paid . 
  so the publishers lock in this knowledge , and what they offer is marketing and * maybe * a bit of editing . 
  they need to go the way of the record labels . 
  in fact , if i was more of an entrepreneurial guy , i 'd have done it myself years ago . 
  do you know what this case , that you argue so passionately about , is actually ... about , buddy ? 
  apple 's competition is going to be scared away at the prospect of apple having to pay the same taxes as them ? 
  do you have anything to say ? 
  * / * you 'll be surprised at what is going to be possible . 
  * , talking about the limits of the president 's powers . 
  apart from the fact that he could n't have said it in a much creepier way , it made many people aware that the relative lack of power of the president of austria was to a certain degree by convention rather than by law and that hofer is intending to exhaust the powers of the office to its limits . 
   because we brexited partly because of this very problem . 
  looking at your other posts , you 're telling me you voted for brexit because an imam being killed and the british press ' lacking coverage of it , polygamy and genital mutilations ? 
  i believe you . 
   not only was it terrorism , but it was muslim terrorists . 
   two suspects arrested , wait to see how long it takes the media to release their distinctive names , then watch as the media refuses to acknowledge that the attackers are muslim . 
   i guarantee they are muslim , and when you do n't even need evidence to know that you have a massive problem . 
  are you a politically prosecuted person ? 
  i am not so sure about that , austria was a neutral country in the cold war , now it is basically defenseless and bordered by friends in all directions . 
  i think politicians are ready to let it good , if not for populist reasons . 
  a referendum would have a pretty certain outcome though , because supporting something that is called neutrality is part of the austrian identity , even if it has no meaning anymore . 
  identifying as european or slovenian are not exclusive . 
  i found the part about the soviet union the most convincing . 
  communism killed 94 mio people -  you went through a communist phase but do n't like it anymore -  poles do n't like communism -  people do n't identify as european . 
  philosophy students should be required to study your comment . 
  yes , i think so . 
  because the foreign policies of eu member states are n't fully independent anyway because of existing inter-dependencies . 
  some sort of eu foreign commission arguing about that stuff is n't that much different to foreign ministers arguing about stuff . 
  no , i do n't think they will agree , but they will find a compromise . 
  i do n't see how a common migration policy is needed and a common foreign policy is not that impossible to achieve , simply thanks to the fact that the majority of european countries do n't have much of an active foreign policy themselves . 
  the age of consent in austria is 14 . 
  i guess , according to you , it fell apart because germans and hungarians tried to establish exclusive nation states on other nation 's territory ? 
  that 's sounds a little weird to me because as far as i know multinationalism , languages , etc etc were never in question in austria-hungary or its predecessors , not from the top down , although i do n't know what was going on on the territory of czechia in that regards . 
   i used to call hungarian dumb conspiracy theorist . 
  why would you do such a thing ? 
  listen , you have to understand that your head is fucked . 
  got that ? 
  next , open borders ... haha ... the video talks about borders within europe and how soros ' grandfather did n't like them and then a `` merkel plan '' , and a project of open society foundation that has the same name , allegedly , i am not even going to bother googling it , and we all know that merkel wants as many refugees in germany and europe as possible - link confirmed !, 
  ... not enough , orban also said that people with a western mindset and activist networks * which could best be represented by george soros * want to bring down the european borders - link double confirmed !, 
  donations to such non-profit undertakings are tax deductible . 
  so when you 're sitting on a pile of money you have the choice to hand a part of it over to the tax authorities or spend the same amount it in a way you find wiser . 
  this is the first and most important reason for all charitable work from rich folk , the other reason is that they want to have an influence on the world . 
  he specifically asked for an explanation from somebody without a tin foil hat . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  before or after posting your comment ? 
  yes . 
  did you read the pdf ? 
  haha . 
  did you know that stuart ramsey did an ama on reddit some time ago ? 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i do n't know the origin of the name , but i find it very unlikely that all gruber in austria are from grub am forst  there 's the word * grube * in german that refers to a pit or mine , a depression in the ground . 
  i think i read somewhere that the word was used to refer to a valley in earlier times - similar to the village name you linked . 
  personally i always thought * gruber * was an occupational surname for somebody that digs , a miner , but the valley thing sounds more likely . 
  as far as i know there is no place called `` grub '' . 
  why does he hate the english language and what is he trying to say ? 
   it 's called leverage . 
  but it is not called neutrality . 
  so , am i blind or is there no translation ? 
  what are the non-hungarians in here talking about ? 
   we do n't have a fortress mentality , ... yeah , but there is no real neutrality without . 
   that 's what your proposing by conflating defense and neutrality . 
  you do realize that nobody else in the world would agree with the irish definition of `` neutrality '' ? 
  i really suggest you think this one through again , if you believe there is something like undefended neutrality . 
  belgium was a `` neutral '' country in wwii with a defense plan of being morally offended at an invasion of a neutral country . 
  essentially , belgium was a gap in france 's defense , apart from being a danger to itself . 
  france was unwise to allow this gap to exist , and if they knew of the attack plan in advance , they would have been forced to close this gap themselves . 
  another random example , neutrality means you do n't help any side of a conflict , in any way , this includes transport of military equipment on road or in the air . 
  so a neutral country has to be ready to stand up against the friendliest of countries should they really not understand that the small favor of letting a cargo plane cross its air space is too much to ask . 
  during the cold war there was a nato attack plan for austria , should the country not be able to stop a warsaw pack/ussr advance westward , because here again , austria would be a weak spot in the nato defense . 
  being neutral is not the same as being defenseless , actually it is closer to the opposite . 
  you know , neutrality is more than just not initiating any military conflicts . 
  an important part of it is to be able to defend its own neutrality in conflicts , otherwise you have a situation where some enemy , maybe with no direct interest in invading it , could use the country to its advantage if it is under their control . 
  what happens next is a race to invasion from other , no matter how friendly , armies with even less direct interest in invading the neutral country . 
  ireland in that sense is not so much neutral , as it simply outsourced defense to the uk .
