  * that 's * where all the snow went !, 
  the ground is * literally * covered in snow , you ca n't even see the asphalt . 
  quadruple anal more likely . 
   let me just show you guys how even the weather is related to refugees . 
   around $ 30k + which is realistically the bare minimum to live on w. ... what ? 
  does that include the expenses for the butler ? 
  you know , i used to think i had a rough idea of the concept , until i read more of it a couple of weeks ago . 
  especially the auschwitz cross controversy opened my eyes quite a bit . 
  which religion is that ? 
  like . 
  literal . 
  forests . 
  read in cowboy voice, 
  you know i still am not sure what you are talking about , but the idea that pumped hydro is inefficient energy storage , if that indeed is part of your message here , is not quite correct . 
  i bet i am missing some other obvious method , but it might as well be the most efficient method of them all , total efficiency coefficient of above 90 % . 
  if that 's not what you are saying then , well , forget it . 
  i thought you 're supposed to spin your dreidel all day long ? 
  yeah but yugoslavia was non-aligned , but anyway to what extent does a company have to `` do trade with russia '' if they simply want to sell stuff to a russian reseller ? 
  of course some goods could be prohibited from being sold to them , but i do n't think that was the case . 
  i have no idea which african countries used to export these goods to a significant extent , but the african continent was rather close to the ussr , non-aligned but friendly . 
  not very efficient , what ? 
  pumped hydro ? 
  thanks , very helpful . 
  you should get some kind of badge . 
  what was the reason for lack of bananas and coffee ? 
  that was something i remembered from my childhood holidays in yugoslavia , my parents always brought large quantities of coffee for the camping site owners . 
  i guessed the dollars to buy such goods on the world market where not available there , but a slovenian co-worker claimed recently it was basically `` laziness '' , nobody bothered to import any . 
  there obviously where shops that sold local produce , was there no way to legally sell such imported goods if you had no official permit from the government ? 
  well , that 's pumped-storage hydropower and that 's not going to be the `` something big and constant '' . 
   the latter oft which can usually be compensated for by regulating a nuclear power plants ' output . 
  nuclear plants are great to cover a base load , that 's probably what you do know , but they 're also * only * useful to cover the base load , nuclear plants mostly run at the same rate all year long , the other plants have to compensate for all kinds of fluctuations in energy consumption , in the short or long term . 
  they all need a 50hz signal to follow , and that signal needs to come from something big and constant such as a coal/gas/nuclear . 
  ... or hydro . 
  your joke seems to be a little too sophisticated for the peasants here . 
  meaning they are cheap or what ? 
  [ # 1 in the austrian charts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwgistpkcdk ) edit : [ another recent hit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0tlzpxfm_o ) , reminds a bit of falco . 
  bussi baby !, 
  where was the norwegian wealth from back then ? 
  look , i am not the one to tell you how to live your life but i * strongly * suggest you pray to jesus every day , go to church at least once a week and and stop your sinful ways . 
  if you do n't follow this advice all i can say is ** do n't drop your soap ... 
  in hell !!!!!, 
  you do n't have to convince me , but it 's going to have consequences and those consequences have to be talked about and not yelled over with `` they are not inferior human beings !, 
  it does not mean anybody thinks homosexuals are `` inferior '' . 
  in fact this has been the most off-putting side of the whole issue that people are fighting for gay marriage because they `` are not worth less '' without anybody ever asking the only question that counts : what 's going to be the overall impact of gay marriage on society and do we prefer one or the other . 
  which side is the progressive and the conservative one ? 
  haha , you have to imagine all pensioner-age slovenians rushing to the voting booths to stop gay people from marrying . 
  is it true that the pope called the people to vote against it in the last few days ? 
  i do n't know what battle are fighting here and i do n't care either way . 
  debunks what ? 
  that advertising is always 100 % truth ? 
  who would write such a shit article , who would post it and who would upvote it 166 times ? 
  thanks , i will take your word for it . 
  sounds all very convincing . 
  uhum . 
  well , i kind of agree that james bond is not exactly a good symbol of europe , the european robin is also more of a british thing . 
  that 's because the collage has likely been made by a brit . 
  but the joke displayed in the picture is not primarily about europe , it 's a persiflage of over-the-top american nationalism . 
   if they do n't do that , it 's unlikely galileo will have widespread use . 
  galileo , if and when it works as intended , has several important improvements over gps that are enough to make it the new standard at least in our parts of the world . 
  new hardware should in my opinion support all alternatives , as combining those 3 or more independent measurements of a position improves accuracy . 
  lots of hardware that is produced nowadays works with or is prepared for multiple systems ( gps , glonass , galileo and beidou ), 
  wrong guy, 
  first average wages can be deceiving , but moving away if you feel you 're wasting your life there is definitely a good idea , but still i bet you 'll be disappointed by the money you 'll be able to earn and what it can buy you . 
  source about the ban ? 
  all i know is that cameron herp-derped it , yesterday ? 
  oh , that 's what you mean , ok . 
  going by the example of the bosnian dude , it should be possible to save up a full bosnian wage every month while working here . 
  that 's worth shit in austria , enough to operate your car and occasional repairs , but it might buy you a lot back home . 
  as a worker in austria your chances to ever own a house are very , very , very slim . 
   ... and build themselves a nice house after 3 or 4 years , and these are not doctors or whatever , just simple workers . 
  lol, 
   which can buy you food , clothes , bills , occasional gaming consoles and pcs , but nothing too luxurious . 
  i ai n't even thinking about getting a car unless i start saving for years . 
  i have no idea why you think the situation in germany or austria is any different . 
  haha , i never realized before that * krawutisch * refers to croatians , krawoden !, 
  do n't make me croatian , you would n't like me when i 'm croatian . 
  it 's a `` lifestyle '' choice for those people . 
  do n't ask me how exactly that works , though . 
  you 're approximately 50/50 for/against . 
   ... but i do n't have enough it knowledge to figure it out . 
  your flair already gave you away . 
  you made a lulz !, 
  this is the real retarded train of thought , because that 's exactly what the result of the `` negotiations '' was , more money and no way to pay it back . 
  i am saying this because the logic bending that has been going on in the greek crisis is causing me serious discomfort . 
  on the other hand , i think that greece has only one way to go now : streamline government and finances , because in the end this is the only way to interpret germany 's ( mainly + friends ) position , they want to find out if southern european countries can be brought in line with northern european economics , and they are both willing to sacrifice their own money and social peace in greece . 
  in the end it can turn out well for greece . 
  i do n't like that idea of making a difference in social benefits . 
  of course it is going to be popular with a certain demographic , but such a measure can even in the most optimistic case only lead to a small one-time benefit for nationals for the price of having systematic disadvantage for the rest of the workers . 
  internal eu immigration is almost no longer a topic with the refugee crisis going on right now , but let me remind everybody , you do n't want social exclusion , lack of opportunities and them being pushed into parallel societies for eu foreigners any more than you do n't want it for syrians . 
   it was used to [ ... ] or to extort sex from women . 
  uhum . 
  oh , now i get it . 
  you know what the most undemocratic thing is , ever ? 
  monetary unions and no internal borders !, 
   in 30-50 years people will laugh at the hysterical fears people had about refugees . 
  in a couple of months it will be looked at completely different already . 
  the stress of the situation does n't let them even think straight right now . 
  invasion !, 
  invasion !, 
  the thing that is news to me is that eu-foreigners could have been be denied certain social benefits before .
