  i missed that . 
  is n't this also the solution to britain 's bitching ? 
  right , that 's why the map is actually a straight line at an angle of 45 \u00b0 , case closed . 
  headlines in a couple of years : ungrateful refugees turn back on europe and return home now that war is over . 
  probably the title proposed by reddit . 
   but there is also a less known story about the french revolution : the massive killing of priest and catholics figures . 
  kind of ridiculous to call that `` less known '' , the clerical class was as much a pillar of the old monarchic regime as the feudal one . 
  snow sucks ass . 
  the black face thing is a purely american thing and the outrage about zwarte piet is imported from the us . 
  trickle-down economics in its purest and most holy form . 
  there is no law against lying and in this case there was also no harm done to any individual that could sue . 
  the one thing that keeps such things from happening is that some newspapers fear for their reputation , but with the sun and other tabloids it 's obviously a little different . 
  well , ichbinsisyphos says it will not happen , definitely a better source than fucking sarkozy . 
  no , france is not on its way out , buddy . 
  ridiculous editorialization . 
  this is about paying ransom to free yezidis that have been abducted by is . 
  there are even less german starfighters airworthy , probably around 0 % !!!!, 
  that 's even less !, 
  no , you did n't say you were n't referring to * his * aikido , you were stating you were n't making fun of the sport and it 's fans , while stilling allowing the interpretation that he is bad at his martial art , which is frankly the only type of criticism of a martial artist that i consider useful . 
  well , in that case you should have made clear that you think he is considered a joke in the martial arts world for reasons other than his martial art , because , if you go over this conversation again , that 's not obvious to anyone but yourself . 
  well , this is not about disrespect for any fans or anything , but his skill as a martial artist ( aikidio being his martial art ) can not reasonably be disputed , no matter what any youtube video or blog post says . 
  that he is a ridiculous character does n't have anything to do with it . 
  the aikido thing is kind of important because that 's the martial art he practices , you know ... and , i know you ca n't guess it when watching his movies , but he is generally regarded as the best non-japanese aikidoka . 
  i am not wtaching a video of a mma fighter , thank you , but i guess it is some kind of dissing video that is common in the field ? 
  the most important difference is that a stellarator design works continuously and the tokamak in , i almost said `` bursts '' for lack of a better word , but the bursts are in the range of several minutes . 
  jesus christ , what else does the eu do ? 
  are you actually serious ? 
  [ `` v\u00f6lkertafel '' from the german wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lkertafel_\\ ( steiermark \\ ) ) there are spanish and dutch versions of the article . 
  lol , is this seriously happening right now ? 
  get your shit together , nobody is interested in whether belgium or france are like literally the worst failed state since somalia . 
  tehran does n't really look that different now , except that people 's fashion sense has changed since the 70s . 
  found that yesterday when looking for something for the * poorest town in your country * thread . 
  very fascinating . 
  since this also only talks of accusations , key people of ferrostaal confessed , received suspended sentences and where fined . 
  was there more than an accusation ? 
  because , you know , accusing somebody of something is very quickly done . 
  `` bloody corpse on a stick '', 
  i am not going to join any debate about truth or fiction or selfless sacrifice , noble or otherwise , but i do n't want crucifixes in classrooms because i do n't want the church to have influence and authority there . 
  this comment is basically the essence of why poland is shit . 
  very interesting , thanks for sharing . 
  did the mods agree on implementing a brexit filter already ? 
  haha , you should have watched the fp\u00d6 and kronenzeitung having a meltdown when she got the nobel prize . 
  i am sorry , but segregation and parallel societies are pretty much the opposite of multicultural societies . 
  i think what this shows is simply the number of people that died in planes crashes in that country , no matter where the people that died or the airline was from . 
  take for example the crash of the polish president in 2010 ... 96 dead , mostly poles , but the crash happened in russia . 
  it 's obviously counted towards russia here , because the map only shows 5-10 casualties for poland . 
  i do n't know `` unian '' , but all i see is a report that the cutoff has happened , no spin in any direction . 
  where 's the bias ? 
  are they omitting any information ? 
  have the people responsible already been identified ? 
  i am still anxiously waiting for the hydraulic rock storage of mr. heindl to be realized : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf7mbesep04, 
  you two do n't know what shadowbanning is . 
  i think it does make a difference to the human mind if you can rationalize in whatever way why such a bloodbath happened , as opposed to the killing of a lot of random people just so that a lot of random people are dead . 
  in a way , the paris attacks where true terrorism , while the charlie hebdo attacks where an assassination . 
  such discussions tend to be about tiny details on the one hand and between people with a different understanding of the topic on the other , because they unspokenly assume different specifics . 
  the idea that european countries can return to a everybody-for-themselves nationalism seems laughable , a minimal free trade area is a worst case workaround . 
  the eu is currently going through turbulent times , national governments and opposition parties find reasons to revert to zero-sum-thinking at a rate that looks alarming , but in my opinion the eu can at this point only evolve towards tighter integration , the alternatives are to stay in this limbo or disintegrate , possibly into a free trade zone . 
  the near future will show , stay tuned . 
  nice , this post has a positive upvote count . 
  what do you know of syria and syrians besides the name ? 
  give me one thing , come on , give it a try !, 
  are you one of those guys who a couple of months ago where surprised and outraged that they owned mobile phones ? 
   `` boko haram '' literally mean `` no western ( value/education ) . '', 
  this represents the little rational element in all those groups : to live by to your own values and free from foreign meddling . 
  this is something i can respect and i would n't be opposed to something like a islamist block of states if you can get along while respecting each others limits . 
  the bad news is , this wo n't ever stop a group like is from committing terrorist acts , on the contrary . 
   tries to position himself to prevent filming the conversation . 
  sounds plausible . 
  there is no and there never has been an open border policy at the eu outer borders . 
  german officials stating that legitimate refugees from war zones will not be refused asylum is not an open border policy . 
  of course some slipped through , because there is still no eu consensus and coordinated response in sight , and those balkan countries with a couple million population will not be able to tackle a problem that threatened to overwhelm italy and greece . 
  not without checks and balances , buddy, 
   opening of flood gates without any checks and balances you know that this did not happen right ? 
  war against isis should have been rather uncontroversial before anyway . 
  respect for different cultures is a nice thing , but what those people are planning to create is not acceptable . 
  to be even fairer , he made another post further down , where ... well ... 
  bear . 
  read again what i wrote , seriously , i am not going to repeat it . 
  you 're all a little right . 
  i can guarantee you that this poll does not talk about the country but the perception of the people . 
  bosnians are the second chillest ex-yugoslavians after slovenians , a huge diaspora everywhere , they blend in everywhere . 
  at the same time bosnia and herzegovina , the country , is nowhere near eu material . 
  in fact it 's not even going in the right direction and they probably do n't know how you 'd do that . 
  of all countries mentioned serbia will join most likely/the quickest . 
  i think the ones to the left of serbia are countries that the common guy cares less about and therefor feels less negatively about . 
  serbs were for a long time known for a , let 's say problematic type of masculinity , a funny idea of women and their roles in society , domestic violence , just general violence and all around aggressive behavior ... they have since been surpassed by albanians in that regard . 
  so , cheer up  edit : you can downvote all you want , guyses , but serbs and albanians have a bad image in austria for the reasons i mentioned . 
  and that 's also the main reason for the order of the countries in the poll . 
  a question to the poles here ... how common are these sentiments in your country ? 
  is this a certain demographic ? 
  can we wait for the communist leftovers to die off or are young people holding such opinions ? 
  what percentage of polish brains are entirely filled with crap like that with no hope to ever recover ? 
  can you please stop with this retarded `` til '' bullshit ? 
  thanks . 
  did you try asking nicely ? 
   nobody knows anything about portugal ... 
  the msm does n't want you to know . 
  so i just happened to catch the part about human rights and freedom of movement . 
  it is now time to realize that british politicians set the country on an antagonistic course towards the eu a long time ago , and that they ca n't reverse that without losing face . 
  if other eu leaders make the concessions necessary for cameron to have a symbolic win , we can bury the european union for good .
