  he 's actively trying to get as much of the anti-eu-voters on his side as possible while still staying in the eu . 
  he has not a single articulated idea for reform that is any more specific than `` stuff kinda sucks , you know '' . 
  cameron is a tragic figure , his hands are forced by the british political dynamic and he 's been told off numerous times by european leaders already . 
  but i am not against the referendum . 
  on the contrary , it is maybe the only way for britain out of this spiral of more and more anti-eu-rhetoric for more and more special deals , which nonetheless creates more and more anti-eu-sentiment in the population . 
  vote * yes * and shut your idiot politicians up or vote * no * and take the honest way out , no hard feelings - the hard feelings come only from the continued bullshitting . 
  do n't expect any courageous steps from austria . 
  but if the government does not soon show signs that it distances itself from further interdependence with russia , they will have a very bad time . 
  what kind diplomatic approach would keep russia form pulling another crimea in the future ? 
  in my opinion they should be completely isolated , politically and economically . 
  any economic downsides this for europe has are unfortunate , but they ca n't change anything . 
  it 's completely unthinkable to just continue business as usual and wait for it to happen again . 
  it 's become very silent about the czechs . 
  during the cold war and the 90s it was different . 
  if i do n't hear anything to the contrary , i guess things are ok ? 
  are you ok up there , buddies ? 
  please respond !, 
  germany , wtf ?? 
   ** most ** stereotypes were `` romanian = gypsy '' . 
  it 's actually not grilling , but barbecue . 
  the difference is that barbecue is slow and with smoke and not quick , with a lot of heat and no smoke , * like in europe * !, 
  two different things that still have one and the same name . 
  i have no idea why this thread has n't been linked on shitamericanssay already . 
  some people are exercising some serious restraint here . 
  wow , i did n't know how diverse and big america is . 
  he did n't ask a honest question he just posted some unrelated bullshit . 
  do you think this is a choice ? 
  are people still waiting for politicians to make decisions ? 
  posturing and sanctions are n't necessary . 
  they provide a little distraction to bring the troops in the general eastern direction now to ensure ukrainian sovereignty , especially so close to the elections . 
  but otherwise they are pointless . 
  each and every time people will have to ask themselves whether they can justify another $ being invested in the russian military , and therefor endangering another country on the russian border . 
  business people are opportunistic , they ca n't pass on a chance to make quick money , but every single time politics or morals are involved , the answer will be `` no . '', 
  this is where russia is going and nobody of us can do anything against it . 
  your problem is that you are * very * unintelligent . 
  i am sorry , there is no therapy , but do n't worry , if you talk less , less people will notice , or at least later . 
  but only in situations where it is appropriate . 
  in case of doubt , do n't . 
  thank you . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with being aware of your heritage , but there are n't many things in the world that are more laughable than a burger-wielding american tourist running around and telling people he 's 1/64 irish , 1/42 scottish with traces of french . 
  it 's not that they do n't grant you your heritage , they just want you to shut up about it . 
  til americans are special little snow flakes and nobody understands them . 
  also they are not nationalistic about their 1/xth other-country ( they are not citizens from ) heritage . 
  you silly europeans and your flag-waving nationalistic frenzy !, 
  you could learn a thing or two from the us !, 
  my personal view of the conflict : go find something better to do with your lives , you two . 
  wtf ? 
   i can not stand these threads . 
  we 're so obsessed about what others think of us instead of you are my favorite romanian of the day ( 25.04.2014 ) . 
  liar !, 
  ukraine may be now , but ukrainians are not a topic apart from prostitution and nursing , especially elderly care . 
  as far as i can tell there are no men in ukraine . 
   is it not allocated by population already ? 
  it 's a per-capita/per-country compromise . 
  and no , do n't think about proposing a pure per-capita-representation . 
  it would make the eu effectively a greater germany . 
  spoiler !!!, 
  people in general identify most with ze bundesland , that 's where any specific culture is from . 
  beyond that i can not generalize a lot , cities/towns with their own `` character '' stand out - the state capitals mostly , but this is not restricted to larger cities - as do some regions across state borders . 
  people not from the capital also often take pride in not being viennese , 
  it 's the best indoor-training for me , but of course that 's largely a matter of personal preference . 
  the whole body is in motion , that 's a large plus . 
  it 's not as much fun as a game , but definitely better than threadmill or an exercise bike . 
  rowing machine in winter , climbing mountains in summer . 
  a little unregular weight lifting every now and then . 
  so this burning question is finally answered , at least for bobanjso . 
  it 's funny , the eu actually played a role in why i became more interested in the little differences between european countries and in the end again more interested in austria 's culture . 
  i identify as austrian , at least more than i used to , i am fascinated with many other european cultures , i do n't have much of an european identity - that 's a little too abstract for me , i support the european union and i am quite optimistic about living on this continent , this confusing mess of little weirdo countries . 
  i am sceptic when somebody says they identify as european instead of < nationality  , i do n't know how this should work . 
  most of the time i have the feeling that they have a problematic relationship with their home country . 
  i 'd be wary with the federalization demand . 
  in any other case it 's a great idea , but here it is obviously to have less control over ukraine from kiew and more from moscow . 
  ok , that 's it !, 
  who made redditopus sad ??!, 
  in an eurovision submission nontheless !, 
   nobody is going to support conchita wurst ? 
  call me silly , but i actually kind of enjoy the song , sounds like an old bond-title song . 
  maybe that 's also its worst flaw . 
  edit : you linked the spanish entry twice [ conchita wurst - rise like a phoenix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbpgiri9cdq ), 
  in case you did n't notice , people around here have different expectations in politicians compared to the uk . 
  farage , for example is considered a clown in all of the world , except uk and maybe to some extent the us , because they simply copied parts of the uk system . 
  some people expect politicians to be professional and to do their job , not to entertain them . 
  niiiice . 
  i swear to jesus , since i am here - about a year , you have not made a single reasonable post on this sub . 
  not one . 
  in fact you are one of only very few consistent trolls on here . 
  so ... spare me the whining . 
  i am actually kind of scared , but can you please try to explain what the fuck you are trying to say ? 
  but do it gently ... please . 
  * i would n't have believed that those [ people ] up there do that too . 
  * it 's not stutter , but there was a mistake in there , like prothy said . 
  so there 's actually only two of them , the * die * refers to the lower austrians and the * das * to the custom of blessing meat on easter . 
   the first one is supposed to be `` dass '' yepp , please forgib . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4s-8gf9gfjo#t=41s i am beginning to have some second thoughts . 
  the pictures i have seen so far look like it has a more solid structure . 
  in the us they have this well known saying :  fool me once , shame on -- shame on you . 
  fool me , you ca n't get fooled again . 
  you pervert , the lamb roast is supposed to be eaten . 
   being blessed beforehand k\u00e4rntner or steirer detected !!!, 
   its perfect for scaring tourists .
