  the people holding that bias are deluding themselves into believing stuff you do n't and not the stuff you do . 
  that plus elsass , oh and luxembourg and maybe a tiny bit of belgium and the border looks fine again . 
  yes , you forgot to highlight the part where eu and/or imf bought or tried to buy infrastructure . 
  what you said is that eu/imf want to buy up state infrastructure . 
  that 's completely fucked in the head . 
  the only way it can be meant is in the conspiratard sense of `` they '' want to buy it , where `` they '' is an unknown entity controlling the strings of eu and imf from behind the curtain , because neither eu nor imf are going to buy shit . 
  i sympathize with greece , but if it turns into a country of conspiratards , it 's better to just seal the whole area off . 
  simply being prepared for it is a good plan , and extremely useful too . 
  if ukraine had the same plan , it could have responded in a more determined way , instead of wondering wtf is going on until it was halfway over . 
  there 's a cure for that . 
  it is made from lead . 
  the sau is silent . 
  entire populations wiped out by fucking measles . 
  albanians are a special breed , 
  europe is joke to you ?!, 
  as weird as this must sound , in german , when something is one word , it is written as one word . 
  and the communist party of china is also a coalition , only much broader , encompassing the whole political spectrum instead of just one half of it . 
  it is not a lucrative opportunity if the intended customers are moving away from russian gas , which is exactly what is happening right now . 
  eiffel tower and the atomium were built for a world expo , some other were used later as well , but generally they are temporary , especially nowadays . 
  where 's austria ? 
  i 've read they are displaying ... trees . 
  to ... raise tree awareness ... or something . 
  y no like expo ? 
  `` to germany '' , very funny . 
  how very generous of you . 
  that 's what i thought , too . 
  a general strike in austria is a serious threat , basically one step away from a nuclear attack . 
  aww , somebody downvoted you ? 
  how mean of the internet !, 
  what ? 
  no , they were n't . 
  well , the telegraph is what happens to toilet paper when it fails the quality test , so ... 
  he 's talking about slave labor for the war effort specifically btw , digging ditches , building roads and weapons , ... later he warns of creating a `` slave race '' in germany both because it would undermine the goal of cleansing germany of them and because germans should n't fall victim to decadence and avoid manual labor . 
  also i think `` ss way of thinking '' would have been a better choice , himmler saw the ss as a modern knight 's order , with special duties ( like `` looking at the thousands of dead bodies and still remain decent people '' ) , different from both the general population and the political class in nazi-germany . 
  in the beginning you can hear how they clog a kitchen duct with a mattress , out of fear that anybody but the ss generals in the audience could hear them . 
  i do n't care where you are from , i never thought about where you are are from . 
  all i see is that you post `` russia is not that bad and a little attack on ukraine should n't change our feelings , look at these matroschka dolls instead . '', 
  when you then go and make the prometheism submission , you really ca n't help but interpret it in a certain way . 
  i tried , but it 's simply not possible . 
  which sucks , because it was an interesting thread , too bad it was made by somebody who acts as an apologist for russia 's action in ukraine . 
  well , i do think that it is both most likely fake and russian propaganda , i also think that you are on a pr campaign for russia , but there is no need to give in to baseless threats from random users . 
  i am pretty sure it was him , i do however make mistakes sometimes , too . 
  edit : apparently the wrong guy . 
  the posen speeches taught me more about the nazi way of thinking than anything else . 
  www.imdb.com/title/tt0266624/ this a no-bullshit experimental film where some guy reads the himmler speech in question , highly recommended . 
   the british are used to this system and they like it , and all your arguments that the american decimal system is better wo n't convince them . 
  uhum . 
  varoufakis , if he actually made the statement . 
  let 's put it this way : should greece ever turn into an isolated , paranoid , militarized , fascist dictatorship , with a population kept in fear of the evil outside powers that all want them harm , this statement will be remembered as the starting point . 
  do n't get paranoid , buddy . 
  thanks for the gold . 
   ... should germans today apologise for the nazis ? 
  i would argue there is no need for that ... 
  apologies are completely useless , even for people directly responsible you can just wait for them to die , an apology does n't resurrect people . 
  guilt-tripping whole countries for crimes of the past is idiotic , all that is necessary is that a normal debate about the events is possible and that they are not repeated , even here an apology is n't necessary , it is necessary to stop deflecting , denying and finding excuses . 
  but if you can only chose between denial and an apology , apologize . 
  multiple threads removed , finally a sticky was created with multiple sources , a submission on srd , ... 
  it is not so much the topic , as the way it is done . 
  hmm , ramblinrambo at least is outraged at the censorship yesterday , no admission of guilt so far , though . 
  brand new account , gold for submission , upvoted beyond reason . 
  some guys really , really want to make a point in here . 
  i briefly thought about him too , but posting falco is not sadistic enough for a german . 
  i am pretty sure it is this other dude whose name shall not be spoken . 
  you 're a little late to the party . 
  did the fbi guy call poland a racist/anti-semitic country ? 
  not clicking , you monster . 
  my all time favourite is * so oder so * , `` explaining '' that you can do things in one or some other way , highly philosophical stuff :p https://vimeo.com/8095768, 
   but this is exactly what we 're seeing when it has been negotiated in secret and some parts were leaked . 
  the interesting question here is , was it because it was negotiated in secret or because it was leaked . 
  for most people the contract is `` secret '' anyway , because they do n't have the time to read it , i do n't . 
  specific parts were leaked , we get it without the original context , the context provided is `` corporate interests before democracy '' . 
  we do n't know by whom , we do n't know why , probably to influence those specific parts , but maybe also just because , because riling up many people behind one of your ideas = power . 
  one example we can go by is gmo , it is not a yes/no question , but a yelling mass of people can not handle it as anything else . 
  for a long time the emotional opposition lead to the legislator being cautious , which is good in my view , because the only danger is being overrun with unexpected consequences of introducing genetically modified organisms to the wild . 
  take it slow . 
  now the ruling parties fuck up in an election , and next day gmos are banned in austria because they needed to do something that is popular , and quickly . 
  what poisoned the debate on gmos ? 
  was it secrecy ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't have the solution either , i can not decide , because i see dangers on both sides . 
  i am arguing like this because you are proposing things that will not be helpful either , in my view . 
  oh , the low fertility in western europe is not a topic in the media ? 
  what a load of shit . 
  where do you think you got the info from ? 
  your own personal surveys ? 
  i think the main stereotype nowadays is that you are * really * into meth . 
  to the point where the armenian genocide also did n't happen in the past ? 
  oh , ok , you kind of answered further down , 
   for every point there 's someone out there that has better information . 
  secrecy is very bad , and not only for public trust . 
  there 's a big problem with that kind of thinking , because it is easy for manipulators to rile up masses of people over non-issues that resonate well for whatever reason . 
  then you have a completely poisoned debate , and maybe an overall shittier contract , because you have to account for weird demands of the people with the pitchforks . 
  crowdsourcing such decisions does not really sound good to me for that reason . 
  however , presenting the finished contract after years of secret negotiations is also not acceptable . 
  i was going by the survey , but i was wrong anyway , germans and belgians are more , but those are n't particularly brigading-happy . 
  confused with the comments and votes in this thread ? 
  poles are the second largest group in / r/europe after the brits . 
  oh noes , a person downvoted you ? 
  now 2 persons downvoted you . 
  because i am not interested in the issue enough i have to this day not searched enough or found any evidence that fyrom actually made any wrongful claims about the history involved , which makes me even less interested in it . 
  i have no problem at all with them calling the country macedonia , inventing their own private history tied up with nationalistic pride would be not cool , though .
