  anyway , i would not eat anything that is heavy to digest or takes up much volume before sleep . 
  in the middle of the night ? 
  is n't it unhealthy to eat that late ? 
  ok , forget it , austria and germany have completely different colors . 
  to be honest i think he took some random other etymological map and wrote his own words over it . 
  there 's the same color groups you 'd expect in other such maps to show similar roots . 
  as far i understand the issue , usians claim their ancestors * `` came over on the mayflower '' * when they want to feel superior to others . 
  it 's been a trend ever since they collapsed after being in the government for the first time . 
  and before that too and after the next collapse again . 
  is it me or do the colors not make any sense at all ? 
  i am not really a fan of budgets by popular vote , but in this case it is only a small part and can serve as an indicator of where the population perceives a lack of funding , which can then be considered in future budgets . 
  probably not . 
  i figured some might appreciate the `` free speech '' - approach of / r/european . 
  anyway the other sub is n't anywhere near that yet , for now a useful debate is possible there , they 'll also have to take care of the brigaders in the future , though , if they want to keep it that way . 
  there 's now / r/euromigration for all your immigration needs and / r/european , for now , will accept any submission whatsoever . 
  it 's an ugly measure with lots of problems in principle , but i think this sub is doing the right thing by taking measures against this one fucking thing that crowds out everything else . 
  i am also not interested in the doomsday rhetoric and the conspiracy theories . 
  of course the brigaders wo n't be interested in `` discussing '' the topic elsewhere , because there they ca n't yell their bullshit at 400k people . 
  anybody with a honest interest can , though . 
  crimea in the european union . 
  eesti can not into kalmar union . 
  paris = neuberlin . 
  `` the czech '' ? 
  laziness on behalf on the author or what is the message here ? 
  and , as a man , do n't wear ass-less pants !, 
  ** everyone !, 
  this guy is not a refugee , he 's an economic immigrant , coming here to leech off our welfare state !, 
  if he 's fleeing a war why did he leave his family behind ? 
  what kind of person would do that ? 
  deport / u/feroslav into some whiterights/kkk shithole of a sub , whose culture is closer to his own !, 
  go away . 
  try visiting salzburg . 
  providing home and shelter for members of other families . 
  you seem to be eager to defend turkey 's actions no matter what they are . 
  deported into ~ ~ a schengen country ~ ~ one of us schengen countries ? 
  ... by you ( all non-schengen countries , not just great britain ) ... 
  i spent all my money on polish apples . 
  not reliable either . 
  very young accounts tend to be ignored , everybody knows that . 
  the zero day account spam ended after a couple of days . 
  the most obvious shills have accounts created 8 months ago and more . 
  it happens that several years old unused accounts are taken over and used for marketing/spam/brigading , as well . 
  stupid move by facebook . 
  on the other hand they might want to become some kind of online id ... in which case it is an annoying move . 
  like in / r/worldnews ? 
  he is not right or wrong on anything , he 's just the stereotypical americunt cunt . 
  if you go through his history , there is not a single post that does not deserve ridicule , he is the personification of the reason why / r/shitamericanssay was created in the first place . 
  the truth is nobody disagrees with him on anything , but they are annoyed by all the pointless stupid shit he posts that nobody cares about . 
  that sounds a little like the incident should be accepted because of aid from the us to zimbabwe . 
  maybe you should clarify . 
  see ? 
  the sad thing is that you will never be able to realize how fucked in the head you really are . 
  you are a gold mine for / r/shitamericanssay, 
  stone martens , rats , mice , squirrels, 
  prove wrong what ? 
  you inventing a word ? 
  most convincing thing ever . 
  i 'll buy two . 
  when a german comes along and says `` you persecuted us '' then i will say worse things than that , trust me . 
  interestingly that is a type of brain damage that is not very common in germany yet . 
   ... but i am sure you wish to . 
  that 's pretty tough talk coming from someone who genocided all the armenians . 
  i once saw the milky way from a mountain in upper austria , actually a natural reserve only a couple of hours walking distance away from the next town , but a place with basically no population and no artificial light , it almost blew my mind . 
  yeah , there 's really only one exception :p, 
  maybe read the post again that you replied to . 
  i mean , wtf is wrong with your brain ? 
  ok , sounds great . 
  do you mean you pay the same for the care as an insured national but you do n't pay the insurance ? 
  i am old enough to remember when immigrants came from interesting places :p, 
  from zero to 1 ? 
  omg , infinity percent increase !, 
  that 's huge !, 
  it 's better than lynching back people , like you did !, 
  am i the only one who wants to smash in people 's head with a brick when they talk about `` you '' , `` us '' , `` them '' when referring to countries ? 
  i am dying , i spent 3 weeks in a delirium at work , 38 \u00b0 c was the highest temperature here ... but it is over for now . 
   the cinema is really cheap and usually shows some niche movies you would n't see in normal cinemas . 
  this is only possible because of the squatting culture . 
  the che guevara t-shirt of squatting :p, 
  do you want to explain that ? 
  or maybe add an '' / s '' ? 
  i would n't call it iconic and probably only a handful of people every saw it , but i love this photo of [ bruno kreisky and pope whatshisface ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y5tfby9.jpg ) , the social democrat chancellor , non-religious jew himself , head of a party that traditionally fights against influence of the church . 
  i could spend hours thinking about what this glance means , imagining the thoughts that go through his head . 
  i think in austria it is not exactly difficult to see why some people would like the good old pre-eu days back . 
  personally i would n't want to turn back the time , because i hated the typical austrian state of mind back then , a small country with small-minded people , but economically is was in a very privileged position up until the 90s . 
  try to build a house and feed a family of 4 as a normal laborer nowadays , labor rights too are a bit of a travesty nowadays . 
  what dampened my enthusiasm for the eu in the recent years is how the economy manages not to recover and especially how the greek crisis is handled , it 's hard to continue to trust the eu to quickly find pragmatic solutions to problems . 
  the substances are said be estrogenic , which can effect sexual development of unborn and young ( as far as i know mostly male ) children . 
  especially when released into water it can effect the reproduction of a wide range of wild life . 
   nobody wants the 4th reich . 
  speak for yourself . 
  it 's been posted multiple times , i remember the mig and the hookers , although maybe not that often in this sub , last time i saw it in / r/russia . 
  this is kind of interesting , i went through the list but not for one country i had an overall positive feeling . 
  in a second run i picked france , norway , sweden . 
  a year ago germany would have won easily . 
  this does not display the most popular search result * in * country x , but the most popular search result ( in english , probably us , god knows where ) * about * country x. 
  because this is the xth time this map has been posted ? 
  what i used to like was that we could have interesting discussions , people speaking their minds , sharing ideas . 
  this is what i like in online communities the most anyway , this is what i am looking for on the internet . 
  a place where i can anonymously say , where i can question and explore what i think is true without any sensibilities to consider . 
  what i dislike is that it is no longer this way , that people up/downvote based on flag-flairs , especially brits upvote brits , poles upvote poles , ... the famous `` up/downvote as agree/disagree '' , which makes discussion impossible .
