  i think it is completely unresponsible to go through with this deal and all of europe will deeply regret it in the future . 
  it 's funny , in austria , dialects had a small revival . 
  when i was in school they tried to reeducate the dialect out of us , it was considered uncultured and to make you sound unintelligent . 
  the jury sorts all participants from best to worst , the same happens with the popular votes . 
  then the jury and popular votes are combined in a process that might involve magic , or already uses the 12-10-8-7 - ... -1 points system . 
  the result is a new sorted list of entries that are awarded points after the just mentioned points system . 
  of course you can not expect that the `` official '' points are the average of jury and popular points . 
  for example the jury decides a song is the worst of all 26 ( 0 points ) , televoting says its the best ( 12 points ) . 
  the average of the points are 6 , but if the average rank is below 10 they get 0 points . 
  i am getting conflicting information here ... on the one hand , that seems to one of the reasons turkey does no longer take part ( next to the big-5-rule ) , on the other hand even the eurovision page only lists televoting results for georgia and only jury results for san marino and albania . 
  maybe they changed it recently again . 
  how come ? 
  no offense , but that the uk jury downgraded the polish result is not much of a surprise to me . 
  i like the * fuck it , let 's have fun * attitude , but i honestly did n't like the song . 
  the judges are expected to go more by musical merit , while the unwashed masses are more easily impressed by the female anatomy  what i have problems understanding in polands points for austria is that the population seems to be less conservative than i thought while the jury at the same time more , and they seemed to completely ignore the quality of the song , that in my opinion - ignoring beard and drag outfit - was definitely there . 
  belarus ' jury vote does not surprise me in the least , they are always extremely political , but the popular vote does . 
  what is this ? 
  in general jury vote and televoting counts 50/50 , there are some countries where only a jury decides ( san marino and albania according to wiki ) , in georgia there is only televoting , this has been subject to change over time , too . 
  4th televoting rank in poland ( 19th by jury ) and belarus ( 23th by jury ) . 
  i wonder what this huge discrepancy is about . 
  america big !, 
  it 's about the girl who gave the voting results , not the song . 
  it might be a surprise to you , but you do n't have to understand a song to enjoy it , on the contrary , many english songs are enjoyable * only * when you do n't listen consciously . 
  i regularly have second thoughts after looking up the lyrics of a song :p my theory is that this is actually the main reason english music is so successful worldwide , in german songs idiocy is more prominent to me , they have to win you over on an emotional * and * rational level . 
  the announcements of france 's points is a different story , there you have information to convey , there it was n't an advantage that i could n't understand a single word . 
  nobody provided a translator , because 25 representatives prepared a view sentences in english . 
  it came over as stubborn . 
  oh it is other people that are emotional , i see . 
  do tell me more . 
  i see , it is very important to you ... here 's a compromise : you can feel persecuted for your language as soon as romanians stop feeling inferior . 
  i am terribly sorry , but not every can be dead weight for humanity at the same time . 
  yes , televoting 1st , jury 11th . 
  hey , dieter bohlen was n't even in the jury . 
  now i am not sure about what the thread is about , but i was n't talking about the song , but the points-giving person at the end . 
  oh , is france today the one with the persecution complex ? 
  grow a brain , you and everybody like you , such posts are beginning to make me sick to the bone . 
  http://www.eurovision.tv/page/results?event=1893&amp;voter=de the 4th rank , but 7 points . 
  hmm , i thought they gave 7 points . 
  i might be mistaken , though . 
  is there a gif of the italian upskirt already ? 
  help me out here , i missed it live . 
  yeah it is good , but their insistence on speaking french in each and every situation does come off as a little obstinate at times . 
  right , i never once thought of the similarities until now . 
  i checked rt.com , but the front page was too depressing . 
  this year 's song contest does n't seem to be a topic yet . 
  well , i can repeat myself , but what for ? 
  i think the song had good chances to win without the drag queen show ( ms. wurst is not a transsexual ) . 
  and that is coming from somebody who is actually at times confused and uncomfortable when looking at the woman with the beard . 
  so , there . 
  the conchita persona gave him/her/hen a lot of publicity beforehand , though , so it definitely played a role . 
  do n't be sad on eurovision day :(, 
  judging by the song alone i thought the race is between netherlands , sweden and austria , top three is definitely deserved . 
  yep , i am not mad , though . 
  it 's a good song , drag or not , even if that plays probably the biggest part in the success . 
  well , as i said , i did n't understand a single word , but it 's a fun rhythm nevertheless . 
  amazing , after almost 50 years , 
  they 've already forgotten how you saved their asses in world war ii . 
  damn i somehow forgot how hot the spanish accent is . 
  yep . 
  i thought so too , but there 's an awful lot of countries to go . 
  we 've been trough this many times , granted it was last year . 
  it is not european , not eu , but a eurovision ( broadcasting union ) event . 
  israel is a pretty cool dude tonight . 
  this is eurovision , if you 've seen anything weird you have to be more specific . 
  omg , sausage girl/boy is going to win . 
  second time after udo j\u00fcrgens :p, 
  ok , next year you know better . 
  what a nice non-invading-looking woman again for russia, 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  you seem like a fun guy :p, 
  they are not skipped , but not the country 's representant does n't say them on tv , look at the lists , 1-7 are already filled in . 
  yeah well , but you made it sound as if it was an attempted official political intervention . 
  he/she/hen was going to polarize , i do n't think there are actually a lot less pissed of people in austria itself than in russia/belarus/ukraine . 
  i know that the performance is edited out in some of those countries , though ( at least i heard it somewhere and believed it , too lazy to confirm now ) . 
  it 's not a shit song , but is it really the best of the evening in your opinion ? 
  hard to believe . 
  actual literal seriously ? 
  or just shit talk as usual ? 
  link ? 
  you are a strong man . 
  fuck , i thought i could say something witty for once , but you beat me me to it . 
  dads are n't what they used to be before whatsapp . 
  is this from the final or semi-final ? 
  i had the video in the background , but i thought washing tub girl was n't on stage this time , did n't see her in the first 30-60 seconds or so . 
  + + hungerica if you do n't listen too closely . 
  lol , everything or just conchita ? 
  explain . 
  even without politics it has no chance to win , there were several better performances already . 
  afraid you did . 
  nope , heard it the first time now , sounds fun , whatever they are singing about . 
  did they actually win often or is the world just not over abba , even after 30 or something years ? 
  i hate how he/she/hen just stands there , but if the song has n't been played up and down 50 times every day on radio the last month i would probably be blown away by it now . 
  poland ? 
  they covered their boobs wtf ? 
  poland had more women on stage , hotter ones and showing more cleavage . 
  and i do n't like the russian song . 
  remember last year 's hashtag-massacre ? 
  the 2013 presenters are unlikely to be beat in the cringeworthy department for years to come . 
  i was n't blown away by it , but it is nothing to be ashamed of either .
