  the question is whether to accept the troika proposal as is , or not . 
  there 's nothing unclear with the question . 
  the eu was not looking for a good solution for greece 's problems , they wanted the current greek government to lose without so much as the smallest concession . 
  a `` no '' will make it pretty much impossible to carry on with that approach , a `` yes '' will make much of the government , at least the idealists , resign and greece can go back to the pre-syriza strategy of starving itself out of this mess while opening their mouths only for the occasional `` yes sir !, 
  i am dying . 
  and the worst is yet to come . 
  the hottest day this week is supposedly saturday and next week we 're going to reach top temperatures 5 \u00b0 above this week 's . 
  as far as referenda go , this is a rather straight-forward and un-loaded question . 
  do you think that syriza can make the decision to basically surrender to the troika without a referendum , giving what they were elected for ? 
  social darwinism was popular around the time in britain . 
  i guess it was n't just neglect , quite some people thought they would wipe out the poverty-gene . 
  there are of course differences between marriage and a civil union , other than just the name . 
  have you read the comments ? 
  this thread is full of the usual suspects . 
  sure , it 's an outrage , it is sad that it happened , stop it , they better have stopped it in the past , but that 's not going to make me support the coontown/whiterights/european gang . 
  did i really just read that ? 
  hello ? 
  finland-estii need a tunnel . 
  prepare to have your mind blown : hover over the flag . 
  the pension system will have to adapt . 
  if you look at the development of national retirement insurance , at first it took care of people that were unable to work , for a couple of years on average . 
  now my parents are enjoying 30-40 years of holidays in the second half of their lives . 
  of course then there 's the problem that there 's not enough work for young people already , there 's a lot of challenges ahead for how we organize economies anyway , no use to surrender before pensions yet . 
  pronounced `` z '' . 
  i am not even arguing for traditional marriage , * that 's * how reasonable you are . 
   i mean , you 're just grasping at straws here , dude ... ok , my mistake , you 're not as reasonable as it looked before . 
  civil unions are an end to blatant discrimination against same-sex couples and a solution to some serious challenges for them , but marriage is a subsidized way of living . 
  that 's traditionally done because it is supposed to be ideal for bringing up children . 
  nowadays it looks like only gay people have a natural desire to marry , all others are coaxed into it . 
  we can have a debate about the future role of marriage in society , but it should be about whether we continue to deem this way of life beneficial , if we want to keep it that way and whether gay relationships fit the criteria . 
  `` we want to marry too , because we are not worth less '' is completely missing the point . 
  haha , holy shit . 
  i need to watch other danish videos now . 
  i got yiddish , english , german . 
  wtf everything else , wtf especially # 13 ? 
  yes , and your surname is ceausescu . 
  let 's put it this way : on this sub it is a topic for at least 2 years , in poland apparently much longer , even if it did n't get a lot of international attention before . 
  we 're getting there slowly . 
  i hope they continue asking questions . 
   gro\u00dfdeutsches reich ( greater german reich ) from 1943 to 1945 . 
  to be honest , i do n't want to know what goes on in the minds of such people . 
  oh , so you notice how ridiculous your behaviour is when somebody mirrors it , but not when you do it yourself ? 
  leave my grandma out of this !, 
  i was planning to visit bucharest because horse carts are very hard to find on austrian streets nowadays . 
  but because you insulted my grandmother i changed my mind and will go to a nicer place instead . 
  you 're one to talk , poland . 
  in wwii , more people died in the polish death camps than in the german ones . 
  the remaining 69 % are gypsies !!!!, 
  oh my god !, 
  do n't change the order , i 'm completely lost now . 
  it is native language , followed by english . 
  all this time i thought it was tensions with serbia , but it was actually about serbian claims on bosnia . 
  what exactly has changed in over a hundred years ? 
  this thing will never be over . 
  you do n't understand , ukraine is n't even a country . 
  you said beauty is not a social construct , when it is actually an exclusively cultural concept , my dear buddy . 
  a natural , uncultivated body can be healthy , it can also be thick or thin , but it can not be beautiful . 
  it is hard to say , it depends entirely on what the people around consider attractive . 
  you 're confusing signs of fitness with signs of attractiveness . 
  i guess you know just as well as me and most other people that beauty standards have varied wildly in history . 
  this idea of health worked into attractiveness has also changed . 
  when food is scarce , it 's not the fatso who is unhealthy . 
  should n't it say '' [ deleted ] '' instead of his account name then ? 
  according to a quick internet search , username remaining owner of a submission , while the link to the user profile goes nowhere is a sign of a shadowban ( yes , by the admins , or an admin controlled algorithm ) . 
  is that why it says `` user not found ? '', 
  i was wondering what is going on . 
  or the number of bats infected with rabies . 
  most americans i met in real life were decent people , i mean not just bearable , but really respectable , sentinent human beings . 
  most americans , however , you meet online and it does n't happen often that you meet one who is not the stupidest person in the world . 
  either going online inflicts temporary damage to the brains of americans , or this vast majority of stupid fucks stays in the us all their life . 
  * good idea to have the flairs on the very right and only a very subtle color bar on the left . 
  you still have a quick overview of topics , but it 's not as distracting . 
  well , yes , you also have a visual reference , but not at one quick glance . 
  rest of world threatens back with nuclear retribution . 
   a villager 's vote and a proffesor 's vote shouldnt be same . 
  yes , they should . 
  you have to look for a solution elsewhere . 
  if they 're at the end , they are less in the focus , and i guess that 's what you guys secretly want , but they also are less useful . 
  on the left side you can with one look see the topic of a submission and the distribution of topics on the page . 
  thanks . 
  holy shit , now this video is blocked here too . 
  i am wondering if this is one of those balkaning balkans things , where one group of balkans balkans against another . 
  the moderators of those subreddits are either not talking with moderators of serbian subs , or the moderators of the serbian subs disagree with the issue . 
  needs . 
  more . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcavjncxjba ( our german friends have decided it 's better to ban the video so only a still picture ), 
  and you did not find any serbian guys sharing your view ? 
  good that germany has , in wise foresight , shut down domestic consumption . 
  you are a very smart person . 
  who was the fucking un secretary-general before becoming president of austria , twice , fucking shit !, 
  fucking with rents is risky . 
  and a cap does n't look like a good idea . 
  usually i would say that public projects to create more supply is the way to go , but i noticed something in the austrian market , even in rural places : landlords rather do n't rent out apartments at all before they lower the rent . 
  this might be something worth looking into . 
  [ g ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/g ) i wonder what this is about . 
  hey you know about g ? 
  no , why do n't you look it up on wikipedia ? 
  oh and i did n't even know that can look up recent deaths on wikipedia , seems to be an important hobby to many people . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  do n't jump into the sea , drop of water !,
