  to be honest i always found that stuff interesting and i would like to try it once . 
  does not look very scary . 
   some wanted to hear the ` lasha tumbai ' as ` russia goodbye ' i do n't think you need to be very desperate to hear that . 
  `` lasha tumbai '' does n't make any sense whatsoever , not even as a reference , it 's only purpose in life seems to be to sound like `` russia goodbye '' . 
  this comment is two months old , but i still think it is necessary to explain a few things : * here in europe * we do n't like it when a water/shit mix splashes on our assholes , that 's why the second kind of toilet is popular . 
  you can find the asshole-splashing type too , because the choice of toilet is complicated and usually a compromise of asshole-splashing , smell and hygiene . 
  in public restrooms you can not expect people to take good care and clean the toilet , but in private homes the asshole-splashing is usually less accepted . 
  on a public toilet , * some of us europeans * usually put toilet paper into the toilet first to avoid the splashing . 
  i hope i have answered all questions . 
  thank you for your attention . 
  not balanced enough !, 
  please add pictures/videos of * ugly easter eggs from romania * somebody smoking a crack-pipe * a random couple kissing in the snow, 
  eierpecken can be serious business too , 
  ever since the end of the first world war they 've been treating us as the losers !, 
  enough i say !, 
  you know , i am not talking about your like or dislike of religions ... the video is almost 100 % lie . 
   label me as you want i , for one , label you a person easily manipulated by online videos , or somebody secretly working in concert with op . 
  http://i.imgur.com/8xxwp2r.gif my life is based on a lie . 
   because clearly goulash is just a short way of saying goulash soup . 
  that 's crazy talk . 
  tiramisu ? 
  a good goulash is awesome , but a real good goulash is also somewhere between incredibly hard and impossible to find . 
  down south they are too fond of seafood . 
  too far up north it get 's downright scary :p i am sure france has good food , but i can only think of stuff like pressed duck and foie gras right now . 
  pasta , pizza are great , too , but not really my favourite . 
  lasagne on the other hand ... ok , unless it is a real good goulash , italy wins . 
  according to the legend it was invented by turkish immigrants in berlin . 
  and then what ? 
  the getting , i am not doing it . 
  if there was ever a comment that did n't contribute to a discussion ... 
  after wwi the allied victors prohibited the german-speaking rump of the habsburg territories from joining germany . 
  it survived , everybody was surprised , 
  because the * legitimate interests * - talking point is a manipulation attempt . 
  interests can not be legitimate or illegitimate , they are just interests . 
  and it is not russia 's * interests * that are in question , it 's their actions . 
  you read it and go , `` yeah , it 's true , it 's totally understandable that russia wants to keep bordering countries and former allies close '' , and suddenly you have an internal restraint to criticize what 's going on . 
  but an * understandable * interest does n't legitimatize what is formally an act of war . 
   when we applied for eu the nato membership was like a conjoined twin that we had to accept as well . 
  why do you say something as silly as that ? 
  please provide anything that even only suggests that bulgaria was pressured to join nato . 
  this guy knows his shit . 
   legitimate [ security and political ] interests please do n't use this expression . 
  thank you . 
  if i have 4 upvotes and you have 4 downvotes i am beginning to think 4 people misunderstood my comment completely . 
   the assistenzeinsatz do you know of any murders related to that ? 
   since he 's the only one who can realistically end this , we have to find a way to enable him to do so within the narrative that he has created in russian/kremlin media . 
  that would mean the narrative continues . 
  i think that a reality check is in order now . 
   why are they removing russian delegates ' right to express their country 's views ? 
  they have all rights to express their views , they just have to do it at home in the closet . 
  burgenland must not become chicago !, 
  lack of democracy , benefit tourism and powers always only flowing to brussels and not back ... if you catch my drift . 
  wow , money saved on eu-contributions and more profit because of less regulation . 
  sounds overwhelmingly convincing . 
  uk would be silly to throw away the anual 10 billion surplus . 
  if i where the united kingdom , i would leave today !, 
  after all , any day they spend in the union unnecessarily the surplus diminishes and the good life starts a day later . 
   against its own interest europe 's priority now has to be to contain russia before it does more damage , even with the most egotistical interests in mind . 
  sounds good . 
  chirrrrrp !, 
  that 's not enough to not have explain further what you really are talking about . 
  if i could invent an expression i would go with `` der menschliche zustand '' . 
  you can not use latin expressions in daily life in austria , or you are a pretentious asshole , roman catholic or not . 
  it was a sensationalist half-lie piece of shit before , too :p, 
  haider and his gang split off into their own party , the bz\u00d6 , before his death . 
  the fp\u00d6 prospers without haider just as well . 
  i think we should all get used to the thought that there is going to be war with russia in the future , but not very soon . 
  crimea is not enough to cause it , and after reading up on cold war politics , russia ( as the successor of the soviet union ) is the master of taking just as much so to not cause a military response ( `` salami tactics '' is a word that is thrown around often nowadays ) . 
  one thing is clear : all hopes that russia is `` one of us '' , a partner with similar goals , somebody to work with , a member of the international community , where a pipe dream . 
  they will take as much as they can get away with . 
  period . 
  not even m\u00f6lzer is that stupid . 
  edit : yes he did , good bye . 
  vice is such a piece of shit . 
  i have no idea why people are still linking it . 
  `` the human condition '' is a nice expression i ca n't find a simple translation in german for . 
  in fact , any adequate translation would probably be multiple sentences long . 
  can anybody explain to me why this is even necessary ? 
  why should a email going from switzerland to austria be routed over an us server - without being explicitly relayed by an uk one , for example ? 
  i thought the routers pass data around so that it reaches its designated target , and not in all directions simultaneously , in which case the data should stop somewhere before reaching the atlantic cables , at least in most cases - i can believe that there is a step involved where one router passes the data along to all others it knows , but they should then decide whether the recipient in their region , if they are n't they should just discard the data . 
   `` disgusting and pitiful '' ? 
  i must have struck a chord with my comment . 
  andreyu is the pitiful passive-aggressive one , you are just your average inferiority-complex-laden romanian . 
  i only write this to clear up a misunderstanding , i am not attempting to continue this `` conversation '' . 
  there are no words to describe how disgusting and pitiful this passive aggressiveness mixed with political correctness is ... 
  in case my reply to captainfugu was too subtle i 'll say it more directly : go see a shrink . 
  well , it is seen as unbalanced and making romanians look bad , 
  are you sure you replied to the right comment ? 
  yeah , much `` better '' , only that it does n't contain a single photo i would look at a second time . 
  in fact , in the cases of many of them i regret having looked at them once . 
  it 's actually funny , the original / r/romania submission did n't have a single butthurt comment . 
  not one  it 's like romanians are normal , respectable people , but turn into insufferable idiots whenever people from other countries are around . 
  lol , nice catch . 
  you guys really need to learn a thing or two about photographs . 
  ** why is the other submission better ? 
  ** a guy wandered through romania and , with the eyes of a photographer , tried to catch interesting scenes . 
  * is it balanced ? 
  ** * is it supposed to be balanced ? 
  ** * what else is it supposed to be ? 
  i dont understand .
