  is it because you are as stupid as a piece of pig shit ? 
  to be completely honest i never understood the concept of drinking in moderation . 
  i can drink a single beer to relax , but the next step on the escalation ladder is to no longer walk straight . 
  what 's the point of drinking alcohol when you 're not getting drunk ? 
  the fucking creep second from the right should move to the left , they are almost touching !, 
  edit : hmm , if you look carefully the distance between members of the opposite sex is slightly smaller than between those of the same sex , maybe by 5 % . 
  finnish romance . 
  edit edit : http://i.imgur.com/cvfpilh.jpg either the second from the left is a woman , in which case everything is clear , or it is a child , possibly revealing a previously unknown shielding property of children for the repulsive force between finns of the same gender polarity . 
  what exactly are you trying to say here ? 
   it seems our borders are working in reverse , anyone is allowed to cross , and then the echr prevents any of them being asked to leave . 
  anybody is allowed to cross inside the schengen area , but not from the outside . 
  and all the echr asks for is that human rights are met , whatever anybody does . 
  and for fucks sake do n't quote fucking churchill . 
  jesus christ , what a train wreck of a comment tree !!, 
  remember when a hex string was a crime ? 
  oh , now i get it . 
  i would not recognize khrushchev if not for the chronological order . 
  the difference to the thing . 
  i hope there 's not going to be polonium tea for this guy , but i believe a few drops of that foreign beer went down his throat !, 
  what i see is not an implied view , but an insecure , defensive fucker . 
  and he 's whining and crying like a little baby and never has he said anything of value , ever . 
  you ca n't make a contract , that 's the gist of it . 
  you are not legally required to pay as much as the prostitute is not required to `` perform the agreed service '' , or what you want to call that , because there 's no legally binding contract . 
  the only reason i can think of is that some people keep doing what they always did because they do n't know anything else . 
  and those are going to be crowded out by market pressure . 
  that 's assuming traditional pimping still does exist to a significant extent in austria , which i doubt . 
  i still read a lot about trafficking to and through austria nowadays , but never anything specific enough to get a good idea of why and how and what for . 
  why would anybody force and trick women into prostitution when more then enough want to do it for the money ? 
  why would a `` customer '' go to a scared and psychologically damaged prostitute if the one next door is n't ? 
  why would a brothel owner go through the hassle of keeping his girls in line with physical and psychological force if they can just rent them a room out ? 
  jesus , before watching the video i had images in my mind of screaming geese running from the bulldozer . 
  what makes sense to your warped little brain is really of no relevance to anyone . 
  but thanks for your input . 
  what 's the stuff in the brasov picture ? 
  this is more like a german demanding an apology from turkey because one turk blew up something in turkey . 
  so you have an idea why nobody understands your brilliant sarcasm . 
  [ reminds of this thing i saw on facebook recently ] ( http://imgur.com/own6xtl ) ( i am assuming you know a little german ), 
  that 's rich coming from friesland . 
  black tea + milk = awesome . 
  they are just not austeriting hard enough !, 
   you 're no ' hitting the polis mate , there 's nae chance . 
   glasgow does n't accept this . 
  this is glasgow ; we 'll set about ye . 
  this . 
  glasgow !, 
  good question , does the scottish `` mon '' mean the same as the jamaican `` mon '' ? 
  edit : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=mon&amp;defid=385077  ** mon **  scottish word that essentially means `` come on '' . 
  often used to complement a band , person or ... well ... anything really . .  mon the biffy clyro  mon the jack d  etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_smeaton_ ( born_1976 ), 
  sea foam = sperm is known from greek mythology too , in the creation of the minotaur for example . 
  not if they lost it in an accident . 
  yes , but it 's not a merman , it 's weird water creature with a penis , that 's all the info i 've got . 
  the people of [ eisenerz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eisenerz ) caught a `` wassermann '' , which is something like a male mermaid or something . 
  if they let him go he offered `` gold for ten years '' , `` silver for a hundred years '' or `` iron forever '' . 
  not stupid , the eisenerzers chose iron , after which the captured creature showed them the [ erzberg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erzberg_mine ) , which will provide austria with iron . 
  forever . 
  turk !!, 
  you are nothing more than a turk !!, 
  all of slovenia ( minus a handful of people at gas stations on the autobahn to austria ) works in the south and hungarians in the east . 
  i actually do n't know about upper austria , but i would n't be surprised if it was invaded by czech workers . 
  also germans , germans everywhere . 
  whats left is to look for a job in switzerland :p, 
   but make no doubt , you guys are arrogant towards everyone . 
  yeah , but can we trust the assessment of an american , the people known for being fat , fugly and , above all , stupid . 
  i do n't think that would be wise . 
  i do n't see such arrogance at all other than towards americans . 
  and that is a response to the internet being filled with `` we are best because we have a constitution and invented pizza and barbecue '' . 
  it 's not even against the us as a country , it 's the people that are shit . 
  also freedom of speech . 
  but only very few of them have a bar that goes from full to empty . 
  german consumers-in-waiting are n't saving , they are just earning less . 
  suspected , suggested , alleged , allegedly , ... there is not a single fact in the article . 
  history of schizophrenia , evidence is a diary ? 
  who is she ? 
  what is going on ? 
  somebody glued those poor german duck 's tongues to their gums . 
  happy international beer day , guys . 
  prost . 
  wow , turkey will be glad to read this , romania . 
  [ am i on lsd or is this the actual design of the page ? 
  downvoting me wo n't change the facts , buddy . 
  that 's not true . 
  w. . . what ? 
  the direction was right , `` n\u011bmeck\u00e1 demokratick\u00e1 republika '' . 
  so west wo n't do it . 
  i guess you mean the gdr , but how do you get to the abbrevation ndr ? 
  reminds me a bit of a libertardian telling me he would like to pay less taxes instead of more . 
  what a wonderful , special snowflake . 
  the answer is clear : do n't put 15 % worth the population into refugee camps there . 
  do n't do referendums on it . 
  what 's the point in having a referendum on such a topic . 
  who would vote to have refugees in their community ? 
  there 's no advantage to it . 
  taking in refugees makes only sense in the very , very big picture , way above village level , actually way above national level . 
  people noticed that foreign aid , world wide human rights , etc etc can reduce misery world wide and in the end benefits all of us indirectly . 
  at the same time it is important that many of those small villages take part , because you do n't want to create big ghettos . 
  a shared burden is a smaller burden here . 
  well i guess it makes sense to take in your energy before you are going to use it , so i spread over the day and not eat right before the main resting period . 
  i tend to not eat after 18:00 because when i used to i noticed it leads to acid reflux . 
  on the other hand when i train i eat a little of a casein source just to keep my metabolism from shutting down during the night .
