  yea because no matter what we do , they will always see us as infidels and burn the american flag, 
  oh do n't worry , when we come to moscow we 're not going to rape and pillage , we 're going to install a normal government like we did in japan . 
   right sector has always been ... fucking corrupt i honestly think this provides further support to the idea that russia is behind them or at least has begun to influence them . 
  if they are corrupt , then they can be hired to hurt ukraine . 
   no one would give a fuck about us `` we will fight to defend europe down to the last american '' - barack obama , commander-in-chief of the united states military . 
  idealist explanation : america luvs europe realist explanation : we would go to war over poland to fuck russia and make an example of it . 
  because if we did n't , then china would see we are n't willing to back up our allies and would rock east asia and then we 'll be pressured into war with 1.3 billion nationalistic chinese . 
  whatever western europe , the us is not going to let poland go to war alone . 
  i do n't think so , given the events in the past month or so i 'd say there 's a credible argument to be made here that the russians are indeed behind this . 
  kucinich is a big time lefty . 
  ron paul is an ardent isolationist . 
  but still , fucked up edit : just learned that ron paul was against support to ukraine . 
  he 's obviously a huge cocksucker . 
  that 's mind-boggling . 
  does the east somehow miss the olden day of being dominated from moscow ? 
  you know in the us , riding horses is a sign of wealth . 
  so what if all those romanians you see are actually really wealthy and they 're just riding horses for funzies ? 
  weird . 
  is this out of fear ? 
  are germans afraid of russians ? 
  why is the word for `` pussy '' the same as the word for `` blood sausage '' ? 
  is n't kiska a type of slavic blood sausage ? 
  no it 's not . 
  some articles are for fun , but there are serious ones too . 
  it 's a half-tabloid . 
  check the author . 
  ok so , a little off topic , but is n't f\u00e1tima a muslim thing ? 
  how did f\u00e1tima jump to catholicism ? 
  i think it 's the lack of handicap accessible buildings that give europe a bad impression for differently-abled people . 
  since deaf people do n't need wheel chair ramps , the lack does n't negatively effect deaf guys . 
  idk he 's kind of weird but maybe real i like what he said about defending western values though . 
   ukip is extremely pro-russian and anti-eu and are one of the main driving forces upon european disintegration in the uk that actually makes a lot of sense , disintegration of the eu would be a huge victory for russia . 
  i 've heard something about the russians being behind a few anti-fracking groups ? 
   if you look at two they invited as observers to the crimean referendum , you 'll get a good indication good point , which is so fucked up because those were all right wing groups and russia 's is supposedly outraged by the right sector and svoboda, 
   just look at all the european politicians they have bought . 
  is this for real ? 
  and is it just in the former eastern bloc or is it in western countries too ? 
  if so that 's pretty creepy . 
   russia is holding massive exercises close enough to the border of finland that residents called emergency services because of the flashing lights and sounds wow , that is honestly cruel . 
   new pm would be a fico puppet hmm sounds kind of medvedev-putinesque, 
  at the national level , yea . 
  but most of the really important decisions are made at the state level so it makes the negative impact of the gridlock at the national level less apparent . 
  well , you 're a dick . 
  okay guy . 
  maybe . 
  but democracy is good for big countries too . 
  i think the us has some glitches at the national level , but at the state and local level everything works pretty seamlessly . 
  thanks to heavy federalization , individual states make a lot of the big decisions themselves . 
   it does n't matter toats agree . 
  although sometimes it does make you feel badass to think about your viking ancestors ( or in your case , your seljuk knight ancestors . ), 
   biological realities i did n't mean eugenics stuff , i just meant about the prevalence of genes that code for certain physical features . 
  like , there is no one genetic feature that * all * irish people share that non-irish people do n't have . 
  well , since race ( like ethnicity ) is a social construct the definition of white depends on the society , and therefore there is no objective definition of white ; only subjective definitions . 
  [ ** white people ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_people ), 
  yea if you 're 1/32nd irish and you feel like you 're irish ; you 're irish . 
  ethnicity is a social construct , not a concrete biological reality . 
  edit : also `` thank you for your service '' is a wonderful thing to say to civil servants/military professionals . 
  do n't know why that admirable value is parodied ... 
  whatever , all ethnicities are for pretend anyway . 
  gene pools exist ; ethnicities do not . 
  you do realize that there are people who consider themselves to be ethnic italians who probably have more arabic or greek ancestry ( sicily ) or slavic ( areas by croatia/slovenia ) or gallic ( by france ) ancestry than italic ancestry ? 
  but no one gives a fuck about that because they do n't know how arab or gallic or slavic or greek they really are . 
  all they know is that they have an italian name , speak italian , live the italian lifestyle , take pride in italian history , etc. 
  or how about ethnic egyptians ? 
  some of them look like obama and others look like erdogan : but they are still considered the same ethnicity . 
   is n't that exactly like the `` i 'm liiike 1/32nd irish !, 
  i 'm totally irish guys ! '', 
  crowd ? 
  what ? 
  if you secretly swapped newborn babies between these ethnicities , no one would ever know . 
  swap a jewish baby for an italian baby : jew is now an ethnic italian . 
  swap greek baby for a spanish baby : greek is now an ethnic spaniard . 
  are you serious ? 
  like some of them look kind of african , but most are white . 
   does the us really put this much emphasis on physical properties ? 
  to the point of officially documenting it ? 
  not really , the options for ethnicity are : white , black , asian-pacific islander , native american , `` more than one '' and `` prefer not to answer . '', 
   what you think is more important than how you look . 
  same here too . 
  i mean i know a guy whose great-great grandpa was from japan but he looks totally white ( all the rest of his ancestors are from europe ) . 
  but because he inherited his great-great grandpa 's japanese last name and because he thinks samurai are cool ; he considers himself japanese-american . 
  so , he 's japanese-american . 
   i mean let 's reverse this ; and let 's be real , why would i want to be considered the same as x just because i look like x ? 
  you 're not x though , you 're american . 
  you 're native language is english . 
  you eat hamburgers and hot dogs , play football and baseball , and nearly cry [ when you hear this ] ( http://youtu.be/ohrrgu2rcz4 ) . 
  ( and remember , you 're only turkish when reading about the siege of byzantium . ), 
  in the us if you 're a 3rd generation turkish-american ; the government considers you `` white '' and its probably more accurate to call you `` anglo-saxon '' than `` turkish . '', 
  and lets be real ; turks , greeks , italians , bulgarians , spaniards , jews and people from the balkans are * pretty much * the same ethnicity . 
  its just language and culture thats different . 
  also , the only time a 3rd generation turkish-american would feel turkish is when he 's watching a documentary about the ottoman empire and thinks to himself `` fuck yea , my ancestors conquered a bunch of territory . '', 
  edit : [ white people celebrating their heritage ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p2pitt6.jpg ) . 
  [ white guy celebrating his heritage , must be the turkish `` cinco de mayo '' or something ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/turkish_parade_2009_on_manhattan_2.jpg/150px-turkish_parade_2009_on_manhattan_2.jpg ), 
  well 1 ) if you 're arab you 're white . 
  in europe i think they 're considered asian ? 
  idk . 
  syrian , lebanese , turkish , algerian , persians they 're basically white people with really tan skin . 
  people just think you 're sicilian or greek or spanish or mexican . 
  selma hayek is ethnically lebanese ( or syrian , same thing ) 2 ) if you 're not going to assimilate then what the fuck is wrong with you , all of my ancestors assimilated and their descendants are anglo-saxon as fuck . 
  so , if you ca n't assimilate then thats bullshit .
