  sweden is directly north of denmark . 
  we also pretend like we hate each other ( but secretly are quite similar , both being center left politically/legalized gay marriage and love our immigrants ) the football game between the university of minnesota and the university of iowa is very intense . 
  weird parallels between the minnesota - iowa relationship and the sweden - denmark relationship . 
  that 's pretty naive . 
  what the world needs is compassionate , rational problem solvers in government not stalwart ideologues . 
  is n't ukip weirdly not racist against pakistanis/indians ? 
  i heard that these guys who came over during imperial days are pro-ukip, 
  i think you 've hit some truth , but i think your overstating the external forces . 
  and as for estonia , latvia and lithuania they were allowed in because of their remarkable stability and their small populations . 
   they seem not to be pro-russian maybe this is why they are n't not strong ... 
  lack of funds, 
  we can not accept it officially until putin is out of office because it will be a huge political boon for him even more . 
  but we have to wait until putin is out of office to accept this . 
  otherwise , it 's an endorsement, 
  they had this problem with sonar by alaska , now us battleships can only use sonar in authorized areas in alaska , except in extreme circumstances, 
  germany is sm\u00e9agol . 
  ... former east germany is gollum, 
  i think ~ ~ america ~ ~ is like the battalion of lorien elves led by haldir who arrive at helms deep just before the siege . 
  they offered valuable help and supreme military skill , but ultimately they were too little too late since their leaders only thought to send a very small force . 
  but their most valuable role was to provide moral support and to inspire the beleaguered men of rohan . 
  edit : okay , uss donald cook = haldir 's lorien elves, 
  nah , hawaii would n't separate . 
  they are good americans . 
  and , i say we actually grow ... maybe absorb canada ? 
  there would n't be a war , it would be a mutual decision to merge countries . 
   unless they are sponsored by them . 
  * they are sponsored by them . 
  far left is denethor , driven mad by sauron poland is sam and ukraine is frodo ( the geopolitical significance of ukraine is the ring , because it will make russia/sauron a superpower again ), 
  there was a pretty productive discussion about russian literature a few days ago, 
  well , whatever it takes to keep the uk in the eu, 
  no , i just love america and freedom and international relations . 
  also , grandpa is from ukraine so i 'm super pro-ukraine . 
  and i 'm not ashamed of it . 
   news outlets that look russian ( even liberal/oppositionist ones ) are also down voted instantly its a trust thing . 
  ever since the recent crackdown on the press ( closing of lenta.ru , kiselyov taking over ria novosti and the banning of radio liberty ) people just ca n't fully trust russian media, 
   compare it to taliban-controlled regions of the middle east or north korea wow , you are a hardcore kremlin apologist . 
  chechen wars and the prolongation of the syrian civil war . 
  also , there 's for sure some very intense torture going on/has gone on in russia . 
  as for the mass surveillance , russia is the master of mass surveillance . 
  if iran develops a nuclear weapon than the entire mideast will descend into nuclear standoff because saudi arabia , turkey , syria , and egypt will feel obligated to develop nuclear weapons because it would be strategically imperative to provide a nuclear deterrent to counter iran . 
  those governments are notoriously unstable , they are racked by protest and they are packed with religious fanatics - nuclear weapons could easily fall into the wrong hands or the governments would actually use the weapons . 
  and you 've clearly never heard of hezbollah , have you ? 
   until you start vocally opposing putin , united russia , or the russian orthodox church . 
  and then you 're pretty swiftly arrested for hooliganism or some other trumped up charge . 
  that sounds pretty damn repressive to me . 
  saudi arabia is just desert and only matters because of oil and yemen is powerless and will always be powerless . 
  iran and china on the other hand ... 
  they have potential to be powerful which makes them scarier . 
  okay i have never in my life ever bribed any police officer nor have i heard of anyone i know ever bribing a police officer . 
  i think you are judging american police based off of what you hear from american commentators . 
  there is a large segment of the population who believe that the police are the enemies of liberty and freedom and such , and therefore despise the police and create a huge uproar at every single indiscretion or perceived indiscretion by the police . 
  these same people also hate the tsa , because the tsa has the authority to rummage through your luggage at the airport and scan your body for contraband , in the eyes of many americans this amounts to nothing less than rape . 
  france ... 
  i thought you were cool now ? 
  what happened ? 
  one weird side effect of this crisis : russia has set the bar so low that china and iran are actually starting to look pretty good in comparison . 
  xi jinping and rouhani do n't do the kind of absurd shit that putin does . 
  easy to have a low crime rate when there are no laws, 
  no i was being playful . 
  i personally think that the verity of the concept that culturally russian people or societies are violent lies somewhere between the truth that `` italians eat pasta '' and the falsehood that `` roma are thieves . '', 
  edit : `` russophones = violent '' is more true than `` roma = thieves '' but less true than `` italians = pasta-eaters '', 
  my comment actually reinforces the idea that russophones = violent even though i say that 's not a fair comparison ... because 99 % of italians eat pasta and in the common politically incorrect ( and generally incorrect ) european view , roma are thieves, 
  no no my friend , it is * you * have been woosh 'd . 
  well , at least that tells us that mainstream ukrainian society finds vehement anti-semitism to be offensive . 
  this firmly refutes the narrative that the kremlin is trying to spread about euromaidan and recent events in ukraine . 
  this map is from wikipedia, 
  well , that 's not completely fair that 's like saying roma = thief or italian = pasta-eater, 
  notice how the ` banderivsti ' strongholds have a nearly 1/3 or 1/2 the crime rate of crimea and the donbas region, 
   this leaves economic sanctions and diplomacy as the only tools available . 
  well then , use economic sanctions then !, 
  strong ones !, 
  or they are trying to be green . 
  a web-portal is adequate , i 'm pretty sure that 's how most public gov ' t things are recorded here . 
  i 'm sure they could allocate funds to their allies if they needed to . 
  [ youth wing from putins ` russia united ' party ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lmacpox.jpg ), 
  warm and fuzzies alert : [ right sector guy and a jewish dude working together to remove anti-semitic graffiti ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cchdx88.jpg ), 
  london bankers oppose `` brexit '' then there will be no `` brexit . '', 
  which is for the best . 
  london bankers are doing at least something right . 
  strip mining creates a lot more toxic water than fracking . 
  and clearly , there is still a lot of coal mining in germany . 
  well yea , since basically every eu government is in cahoots with the nsa, 
  just have them anglicize their last names and it will be okay for the bnp/ukip types after just one generation . 
  yes it is . 
  they vehemently oppose hydraulic fracturing yet they are toats down with strip mining . 
  polish media is western media, 
  do n't hate brzezinski , love that guy, 
  shit . 
  yea , it also grows out of economic might . 
  bavarians are still cool though . 
  you make it sound like germany is an oppressed 3rd world nation and not one of the wealthiest , most powerful nations on earth . 
  so its more like huffpost than nytimes ? 
  [ video of the donald cook 's sm-3 interceptor in action ] ( http://youtu.be/u5l4p0yp8xo ) first part is a ballistic missile second part is the sm-3 firing third part is the sm-3 missile intercepting the ballistic missile this ship deploys the same tech that the aegis missile defense shield is supposed to deploy , which i think is the missile defense shield that poland wants and that putin has been bitching about for so long, 
  woah , you have been watching too much propaganda . 
  good guy ministry of internal affairs of ukraine - takes the effort to counter false rumours in social media even though the rumours would be good propaganda for the current government ... that 's actually very respectable of them to do considering their circumstances, 
  usually they are a mix of both . 
  and like it or not , sometimes economical ventures are absolutely vital to maintaining societal stability . 
  for example , one of the main motivators for japan to go to war with the us was to break the petroleum embargo the us placed on japan after it invaded china . 
  japanese industry was starting to collapse because of the absence of hydrocarbon fuel , and when industry starts to collapse the economy starts to collapse and when the economy starts to collapse societal structure and stability begins to tear . 
  i 'm sorry man , you 're gon na have do better than some random website that i 've never heard of before .
