  320 million citizens . 
  the us requires voters to register simply because it 's way * way * cheaper to have people update the database themselves rather have the government update it . 
  that works nice when you have only 5 million citizens to keep track of . 
  not so much with 320 million ... 
  well if nothing would have been done in korea , it would all be ruled by the stalinist kim dynasty from pyongyang and afghanistan would still be under taliban rule . 
  facetious . 
  but also , technically correct . 
  yes that 's right . 
  although , i suppose it would depend on the amount of medicine . 
  and technically a full teaspoon is a spoonful . 
  believe me friend , you are the brainwashed one . 
  that 's actually true though , for the most part . 
  woah , no way we would act without ukraine asking us . 
  wow , scariest part was when a land bridge opened up between north america and eurasia . 
  a teaspoon of sugar makes the medicine go down, 
  i think it 's psychological counseling . 
  because let 's face it , if you want to jihad you 're probably crazy . 
  as in , a worried aunt calls in because she thinks her nephew might jihad and needs psychological help . 
  ya know , i 've never thank a veteran for his or her service before but i think in going to start doing so after seeing that subreddit . 
  fuck them , veterans * do * deserved to be appreciated for going through the trauma of war . 
  it did work in korea , and it will work in afghanistan if the new president approves the permanent stationing of 10,000 american troops . 
  now , i 'm not saying * my plan of action * is the right method , i 'm not an expert of military strategy what i 'm saying is that we need to be more assertive . 
  ah , so that 's why it went from 3 up votes before i went to bed to -8 down votes now, 
  good news is that the far right are eating each other alive because they 're all racist . 
  okay then we send 30,000 troops to dnipropetrovsk . 
  and just say they 're tourists . 
  the only thing thats standing in our way of doing that is that neither americans or europeans want to put boots on the ground . 
   telling him your military scheme and the location of your 30.000 troops in the country in question hell yea , have our troops just stand by . 
  30,000 american soldiers is a formidable force . 
  like i said putin is * already hesitant * to send an army into ukraine because he know that even though he can beat the ukrainian military , he might get bogged down in an afghanistan-like insurgency . 
  add an american army on to that insurgency and theres no way . 
  no that would be way worse , a lot of the world might hate us but it does n't matter since we 're so fucking powerful . 
  i 'm no financial wizard either , but i think it 's good in the long run , provided it does n't last too long and depending on how much it 's needed . 
  if a country has disastrous finances , then it has to enact austerity to make up for the irresponsible spending . 
  it 's like someone buying a bunch of stuff on credit , getting into debt and then having to penny pinch in order to pay down the debt . 
  but with bigger countries , like france , they have to make austerity cuts too but their economy is big enough that it can generate a lot of wealth so austerity can be softer for them . 
  and for really big countries like the us , they can implement * the opposite * of austerity which is a stimulus ( which is what obama did to the sum of $ 700 billion after the financial crisis ) . 
  our economy is big and efficient enough that the stimulus generates jobs and economic activity which generates wealth which can be taxed to pay back the stimulus . 
  ( put $ 1 in and $ 2 come out . 
  ) this is what a lot of people wanted the eu to do since their economy is just as large as the us , the problem is that the eu economy was not nearly as efficient as the us economy and parts of the eu economy were tragically backwards and brussels could not quickly force the backwards economies to reform because of national sovereignty . 
  oh and if a country is under austerity longer than it needs to be , then it 's economy starts to seriously suffer because the government is n't investing money into the system . 
  pretty sure that 's how a lot of it goes . 
  some finance guru might come along and tell me off though . 
  yes they have mansions but they do not claim to be communists . 
  and poroshenko got his wealth from his chocolate empire, 
  wait a minute , so the imf ** is n't ** an evil organization that enslaves lower income countries for eternity and steals all their resources ?!?!, 
  it actually has a positive impact when countries are fiscally responsible and make proper structural reforms ?!? 
  i ca n't believe it !, 
  i do n't trust that little fucker , maybe he 's for realsies right now ... 
  but i am skeptical . 
  see you 're thinking like a westerner , we need get on their frequency . 
  why do n't we see this as russia provoking the west ? 
  this is perfectly valid ? 
  yes , they will be alarmed but if we stand firm and provide a robust deterrent , moscow will not go any further . 
  we are immensely more powerful than they are , if we sent troops to lviv or if we sent 30,000 troops to warsaw or slovakia , it would send a powerful message to moscow . 
  yea , they have a powerful propaganda machine but all we need to do is change putins mind and the propaganda show will follow . 
  edit : i 'm not overly supporting this method , and i do n't think we should rush into this ... but if we did , we would solve the problem . 
  [ heres little news segment about petro symonenko 's mansion ] ( http://youtu.be/ub1gp5idswu ) petro symonenko is the boss of the ukrainian communist party . 
  he is a crook and a fraud . 
  at 4:14 he describes the promenade on his property that he likes to hike on . 
  these are not communists they are crooks . 
  well , russia is actively manufacturing a provocation to give an excuse to intervene in ukraine ; so russia is provoked whether the west intervened or not . 
   at war probably not , russia seems hesitant to send an army into ukraine even though it would easily beat the ukrainian military . 
  if there was a large western force of peacekeepers , russia would n't not dare . 
  although , russia would probably do something crazy like give north korea/iran a nuke or something i mean at the very least , we should play their game and have our own `` little green men '' on the ground . 
  see this is why its hard for ukraine : its supporters are skeptical and demand solid evidence while russia 's supporters eat up anything russia says, 
  france was a founding member of nato and left the alliance in fury after the us/uk said that nato would not intervene in algeria . 
  then they rejoined . 
  i agree with number 7 , except for the press thing because in 2013 we came in front of spain , france , italy , japan , korea , chile , greece etc. . and only 4 places behind the uk , and 6 behind australia . 
  and we have almost 0 censorship except for yea , classified intelligence material and swear words on national television . 
  for 5 - that is not what he said , what he said is that australia needs to beef up their own army so they are n't so dependent on the us to defend them . 
  for 2 - this is false , ecuador has no currency and solely relies on the us dollar for all commercial transactions . 
  also , all the members of the bolivarian alliance are being economically left behind by the rest of latin america . 
  and honestly , i 'm pretty sure the 21st century will be dominated by the united states just as the 20th century was . 
  okay finland , if you had 320 million people and 25 % of the worlds gdp ; everyone would hate you too ( and at the same time beg you for a military alliance - [ relevant comic from the economist ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l6p7ceh.png ) ), 
  i agree with you , except for that last part . 
  i 'm literally advocating that we actively curb that sort of thing ( which we are definitely doing in africa , that continent is way more peaceful than it was just a decade ago largely due to western involvement ), 
   colonialism wtf are you talking about colonialism , i 'm talking about the exact opposite of that . 
  i 'm talking about firmly opposing autocrats that try to annex the territory of other countries . 
   with the us ( and uk ) plummetting down the press freedom index and the us recently being given the status oligarchy in a harvard , here 's the thing about that , if people can manage to organize themselves and start caring ; we can change that . 
  the us had an oligarchy before and people worked hard to change it . 
  it was not an oligarchy for at least a hundred years until a few center-left/centrist supreme court justices died and retired during george w bush 's presidency which allowed bush to appoint a few far , far right supreme court justices . 
  who then proceeded to dismantle laws that limited the influence of money in politics by declaring money as a form of speech that is protected under the first ammendment ( bullshit ) . 
  this is terrible , but it can be changed , with effort . 
  this is pretty fucking different from every other oligarchy , ever . 
  what do you think is better the western model ( any western model ) or the russian model ? 
  or the iranian model ? 
  or the saudi model ? 
   is the anglo-american liberal model ... the most advanced model ever ? 
  if you referring to the international anglo-american model , the yes . 
  yes it is . 
  i do n't think you know much about history , because ever since humans started farming and organizing into large societies , life has been absolutely miserable for 95 % of people until very recently ... did you know that just last year the amount of obese people surpassed the amount of starving people for the first time in human history ? 
  do you know how incredible that is ? 
  that is directly due to the economic system first established by the british and then reinforced and strengthened by americans ( with considerable help from western europeans ) . 
  i 'm sorry we have n't acheived the perfect marxist paradise yet , but we 'll never get there if we do n't stay the present course . 
   developing countries where people are happy and poor this is absolutely false , you 're thinking of a small set of people who still live in hunter-gatherer societies , like the bushmen of africa . 
  otherwise , people are generally way more miserable . 
  shit , in many places in the world a women will get raped if she strays too far from home without a male escort or she 'll get beaten if she disobeys her husband/father . 
  how about men who are forced to believe they are inferior to other men because they were born into a lower caste ? 
  or places where religious fanatics kidnap little girls because they went to school or pass laws that condemn homosexuals to death ?
