  ( http://i.imgur.com/llwtzst.jpg ) aircraft carriers are for `` big boy '' militaries that want to project their power edit : i mean , for fucks sake they even have that old imperial flag hanging on the bridge or whatever, 
  except they wo n't fill the void because germany is being a huge p\u00fcss edit : puss to p\u00fcss, 
  well , fuck . 
  so , retilt towards europe means our pivot to asia will flounder . 
  which will probably result in japan remilitarizing and all those east asians are so fucking nationalistic who knows what that will lead to . 
  but godamnit , germany . 
   these affected quite much in europe and made public confused . 
  that 's super depressing, 
  id be down to spread affirmative action to poor whites . 
  it should depend on socio-economic status more than race . 
  asians do n't get affirmative action , in fact they get a worse deal than white people ( because back in the day asian immigrants were n't allowed to enter the us unless they were wealthy , so americans with asian roots are on average a bit wealthier than white americans ) and it 's not white guilt , it 's because i wants black and native people to rise to the same level of wealth and productivity as white people and asians ; because then america will become even more awesome and productive . 
  if they became as productive as white people , our status as top superpower would never change . 
  no , by normal people i mean americans who have close friendships with non-white americans . 
  like , there 's a bit of controversy but idk not a whole lot . 
  certainly not a source of resentment . 
  i was thinking transnistria , donbass region and odessa oblast but you might be right too, 
  god damn i wish we did n't have to deal with these fucking autocrats . 
  all i want is for our gov to be able to focus on america . 
  and that was * just * about to happen . 
  they announced that the military was going to drop to pre-wwii size and the defense budget was going to be slashed . 
  policy makers and aspiring policy makers were abuzz about fighting inequality , increasing social mobility , closing the achievement gap between black people and white people , and investing in infrastructure . 
  now because of asshole putin and asshole assad we * have * to ( if we do n't , who will ? ), 
  focus on geopolitical blah blah blah instead . 
  more than 150,000, 
  ketchup and mustard . 
   after all , affirmative action in the us never created resentment towards those who enjoyed its benefits right ? 
  yea that 's just for assholes though . 
  it 's not really a source resentment for normal people, 
  these guys probably do quite a bit of moving and shaking in africa . 
  and they are indeed ambassadors , so they have access to upper rungs of the russian government . 
  these are policymakers, 
  `` californialand '' `` miamiland '' and `` londonland '' are code words, 
  i actually really , really like victoria nuland, 
   rabbi k\u00f6ves shakes his head ; he believes szegedi has experienced a true catharsis . 
  `` szegedi learned from his party and from his former friends what it means to be discriminated against , '' k\u00f6ves says . 
  `` suddenly , it no longer mattered what he did for the party . 
  it only mattered that he was jewish . '', 
  had the jobbik leadership been more tolerant , k\u00f6ves believes , perhaps csan\u00e1d would never have become dovid . 
   the story of csan\u00e1d 's transformation into dovid is one of radical reinvention , and also one of a desperate search for a reliable identity , one which continues to elude eastern europe even 25 years after the end of communism . 
  maybe the most informative excerpt from the article . 
   `` first , it was just the criminal roma , then all of them . 
  later , you start hating the slovaks and the romanians . 
  you always need more . 
  it is like an addiction . '', 
  right wing extremism is a slippery slope . 
   his entire family has now returned to being jewish -- except for his grandmother . 
  `` she still thinks that the holocaust could be repeated at any moment and that hatred of the jews will never disappear , '' szegedi says . 
  when she learned that he was planning to become circumcized , she tried to talk him out of it . 
  and she still does n't go to the synagogue . 
  a teeny-tiny part of me thinks she might be right . 
  the relationship between business and government is important , but it needs to be balanced , the alternatives are destructive ; whether it 's business-dominated government or government-dominated business . 
  i mean right-wing extremists generally put a lot of emphasis on genes and being pure aryan/slavic/magyar so it 's not surprising that it 's a big shock when they learn about their hebrew ancestry, 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  its literally near the top of every positive global ranking !? 
  hdi , gini , low crime etc. . . 
  in minnesota we see sweden as being the pinnacle of human society !, 
  why ? 
  well it may have sounded corny and like an infomercial , but that 's genuinely how i feel . 
  also , 1 . 
  if you really love russia , then you would want to see her free from putin 's mafioso junta 2 . 
  you do n't have support ttip and fracking , but you would n't * seriously * choose russia over america though , would you ? 
  america is a dynamic , flexible state that is always progressing forward . 
  always improving , evolving , adapting , innovating and creating . 
  america is backwater colony that evolved into a superpower . 
  a country where black men were slaves and now they are presidents and senators . 
  and russia , is the same imperialist russia that is based on the superiority of the russian ethnicity and the supremacy of tsar . 
  * in america , you are a citizen . 
  in russia , you are a subject . 
  * edit : i do n't mean to be a nationalist douche , i 'm just saying that aligning with america is a better deal than aligning with russia . 
  okay , have bulgaria align with russia and keep the baltics and poland with the west . 
  check back in 20 years , and the baltics and poland have successfully integrated with the west , becoming truly industrialized oecd countries while bulgaria is at the same gdp per capita and level of corruption as 2014 , is utterly dominated by moscow , ethnic bulgarians have been deported to siberia and bulgaria is repopulated by ethnic russians . 
  okay you totally missed the point of my comment . 
  brits , scandinavians , germans , dutch and those sorts have it pretty easy . 
  and i know for sure that it 's * super * easy for a white francophone to immigrate to qu\u00e9bec . 
  i think they gave qu\u00e9bec the unique right to give immigration preference to the french . 
  yea but if you 're a working class ( 25 percentile of wealth ) , single guy in a developed country , you can afford to upgrade from the iphone5s to the iphone6 solely because you think the iphone6 has a sexier frame . 
  if you 're a working class ( 25 percentile of wealth ) single guy in bangladesh ; you ca n't afford even a shit 1st gen iphone . 
  why should they be politically stable and economically resilient ? 
  is that what you 're asking ? 
  because that 's what i think you 're asking . 
  well ... 
  i hate to say it but there 's a high likely hood that you are relatively super-rich . 
  there are south asian migrant workers in dubai who can never afford to make the trip back home , but if a european went to canada to work on the oil fields , you 'd potentially be able to fly home once a month ( i think icelandair is ~ $ 300 from minneapolis to reykjavik to paris/london/franfurt ), 
  why ca n't every post-communist country be like poland and the baltics ? 
  here 's a better solution to rioting : emigrate to canada , the united states or australia . 
  seriously , if unemployment is so bad in europe , just emigrate . 
  if you 're educated , hardworking and willing to go to where the work is ( north dakota , saskatchewan ) ; the new world is the place for you . 
  this is awesome , poland has a very bright future as a leader in eastern europe . 
  perfect counter weight to russia : it shares a similar history with the other post-communist states , shares the slavic ethnicity/language/culture , has similar socially conservative values ( no filthy homosex ) and has already experienced the growing pains that other eastern euro states will experience . 
  just look at the positive impact polish development has had on ukraine . 
  ukrainians look at the development of poland see what their country could have done/what their country can still do . 
  polish fm radoslav sikorsky has been a key player in the euromaidan affair . 
  interesting that `` distinctive partnership '' is capitalized . 
  that 's means something , distinctive partnership is different from a distinctive partnership . 
  reason is way right wing . 
  pretty sure it 's funded by the koch brothers . 
  pay no attention to it , it 's commenting not on the actual scenario but on what it 's far right wing ideology calculates what the scenario should be . 
  thank you !, 
   ignore them since nobody in the us wants anything to do with the muslim world anymore .
