  3 ) you 're feeling being disrespected for being muslim ? 
  ok , we make make fun of the fundementalist christians and orthodox jews too . 
  you want to wear a veil over your face ? 
  cool , but we 're going to think you 're a weirdo because you are . 
  just wear a head-scarf like a normal person . 
  4 ) you 're feeling discriminated against for being a different ethnicity ? 
  welcome to the club , please take a seat next to the jews , slavs , italians , mexicans , asians , indians , blacks , and native americans . 
  unless you 're a germanic white person , you 're going to be teased a little . 
  5 ) you speak with a funny foreign accent ? 
  awesome , so do my oma and opa . 
  6 ) if you * really * feel alienated , just run down the street with an american flag yelling about awesome america is and we will accept you . 
  needed the alliteration with golden . 
  this is like 1950 's mississippi bad , maybe even worse because of the internet . 
  and actually , these central asian/caucasians would have been considered white by 1950 's southern us standards . 
   mother of russian cities , the capital of ukraine , the city of heroes , kiev that sounds a lot like putin to me , go read his post-crimea annexation speech . 
  yes , if its a leak from the us gov its always real ; but when its a leak from the russian gov its always fake ... 
  i believe it though , i believe it 100 %, 
  wow , russians have a lot of cultural similarities to inner city african americans . 
  1 . that one guy was sad that his sanctions would stop him from buying tupac music 2 . this dude with a golden glock, 
  wait , were n't you guys trying to genocide a bunch of muslims ? 
  remember that other thread on r/europe that was talking about how russians see russia as a superpower ? 
  well this pretty much blows that claim totally out of the water . . what kind of superpower ca n't even make its own warships ? 
  good to hear , i feel like relations between china and the us are getting better too . 
  bodes very well for the world that relations between the eu and china are going well and relations between us and china are going well . 
  russia though ... 
  yea , honestly before the snowden affair and then the `` syria showdown '' this summer , russia was a very minor figure in the minds of americans . 
  probably had the same amount of coverage in the us media as thailand . 
  then it came back on the radar this summer and now its exploding . 
  ... so , while policy makers in washington were a-okay with the status quo in russia a few years ago ; they might * actually * start hatching those plots now . 
  ... tennesse and kentucky join the eu ha, 
  this is weird as fuck , americans do n't even dislike russia all that much anymore . 
  i remember george w bush and putin were besties back in the day . 
  and i thought medvedev was pretty awesome actually . 
  i mean for a while russians were starting to seem pretty bad-ass from the american view . 
  now they went * waaaaay * to far and are quickly burning away the good-will that was built up in the past decade or so . 
  pretty i saw some people waving soviet flags at the pro-russia rallies , which is just as bad as nazi flags . 
  all those russian nationalists think that stalin is greater than jesus , which is the exact same thing as thinking that hitler is greater than jesus . 
  pretty sure all this russia shit has been more than 2 people ... pretty sure its like their entire government and establishment . 
  not just 2 drunk dudes . 
   hungarian , romanian and polish minorities that sounds super weird to me . 
  do they look different ? 
  how can you tell them apart ? 
  ( besides language ), 
  yes i do know that it seems different to outside observers . 
  since nuland and the ambassador are high level diplomats their actions are immediately perceived as being meddlesome , conniving and seeking to exploit the situation to stage a coup and install a fascist puppet . 
  when nuland says something like '' i do n't think klitsch should be it , he 's too inexperienced . 
  yats is the one , i think , he has the know-how , skill etc '' many people in the international community think she is saying that yats will be a more effective puppet . 
  if my dad and uncles were to say something like `` i do n't think obama should be president , he 's too young and inexperienced . 
  mccain is the one , he has the know-how , the skill '' we would believe that my dad/uncles are saying this because they want whats best for society , and an experienced , knowledgable leader is certainly better . 
  nuland and the ambassador said what they said not because they wanted to create a puppet state in ukraine ; but because they wanted to bring real democracy to ukraine . 
  both of them were there in ukraine first and foremost to spread their ideology : democracy . 
  they wanted what was best for society . 
  difference context for the discussions , but same underlying desire and optimism . 
  arranging meeting and giving council to democratic reformers in a young democracy is not the same as staging a coup . 
  when american 's are talking about strategy it gets very , very technical but the language is still very relaxed . 
  and we include any little detail we feel could potentially lead to a significant insight and let almost all of our opinions rush out . 
  ... ... another interesting tidbit - in high school we read an excerpt from a guide that was written for american g.i. 
  's in europe during and after wwii . 
  one of the things the guide said was '' to find a solution : europeans focus on the nature of the problem , while americans focus on the plan of action '' basically what this was saying is that american discuss which strategies they should use to solve a problem before they find a solution ; whereas europeans imagine a soution before they make their strategy . 
  there are benefits to both , during times of emergency when quick and decisive action is required to neutralize an imminent threat , the american model is best . 
  when discussing long term outcomes , that will take many years or even decades to complete , the european model is best . 
  nuland and the ambassador where trying to find a strategy so they could find a solution to the crisis as soon as possible . 
  notice how they specifically cited their fear of russia moving in to swiftly end the movement ? 
  the american 's thought russia was on the verge of quashing euromaidan just like they did with the protests in moscow in 2012 . 
  ukraine is the crown jewel of all russian empire 's, 
   what makes you think i want to defend russia 's actions ? 
  i guess you were n't , honestly i think i 'm coming from a north american perspective that considers any movements of non-allied militaries near the coast line of another nation to be inherently threatening . 
  potential enemies come close to canada or to the us and its like `` woah , back the fuck off or i 'm gon na rent a boat and attack you myself '' but i have heard that we americans are super-sensitive to anything external that could even remotely threaten our security . 
  i see , i thought maybe the old propaganda was still stuck in their heads or something . 
  and no , its not debatable that bavarians are awesome . 
  that is a fact . 
  haha mexican gorditos, 
  ah , finally somebody explains clearly . 
   he united states has already played a supporting role in the probable coup of yanukovych no . 
  i listened to that video and its just some diplomat talking politics with another diplomat . 
  literally , if you took a recording of my dad and uncles talking about who should be the next us president you 'd hear the same kind of chit chat . 
  americans pretending like they and they alone are choosing which politician will be elected is pretty normal . 
  yea , but russia loses worse . 
  yea but i think you can still buy the parts of the rocket launcher and then assemble it yourself . 
  oh my god i think i just found a new sexual fantasy !!, 
  honest question , and i 'm not trying to be a jerk but ... are you from former east germany and is that why you want to defend russia 's actions ? 
  and is it true that many people in former east germany want to leave nato and reform the a warsaw pact style alliance with russia ? 
  if so , why ? 
  and i do n't mean to be offensive , but the only thing i know about german 's is that bavarians are awesome and that they are different from other germans . 
  idk russians are all right , putin sucks though . 
  and no , i 'm not going randomly do that . 
  i would if there was a fucking dictator trying to take my rights away , though . 
  actually i 'd fucking go to a wal-mart in wisconsin and buy a couple machine guns then go fight the dictator thats trying to take my rights away . 
  maybe not because of the whole kremlin bit about this being an eu orchestrated coup ... better for the international court , i think . 
  not that the euro court is n't great , i 'm sure it is . 
  its just that the tsar wo n't be able to put as much negative spin on the trial if its in the icc . 
  haha welcome to club eurofatties !, 
  ... ... ( jk you guys are pretty slim ), 
  wait , idk about your first map because mexico is fatter than us now . 
  wow , putinist apologism like this is really fucked up coming from a polish dude . 
  my junior year of highschool i was a self-described `` marxist hardliner '' ... so as a former marxist hardliner , i can attest that this might very well be true . 
  this website reminds me of the right-wing american news channel `` fox news '' obviously its left-wing , but they use the same techniques as fox . 
  sensationalizing every negative or potentially negative action of those they disagree with , using half-truths to weave a story that seems true - but falls apart after a closer look , using fanciful language , presenting unsubstantiated claims as fact , giving the impression of being scholarly and academic while not taking the care to adhere to universally accepted academic standards , and tailoring the story to incite a very specific response ( outrage , disgust , disillusionment and a dash of empowerment ) from a specific demographic . 
  for the american fox news , the demographic is conservative , southern and rural whites for wsws its disillusioned , frustrated hyper-socialists . 
  ( as opposed to fran\u00e7ois hollande socialists ) if it reminds me of fox news , i stay away .
