  without learning this cultural lesson ; we ca n't be certain that russia wo n't repeat a holodomor in the future . 
  well maybe this person s getting really nervous about the fate of the europe ahead of the may 25th vote . 
  maybe they just really really care about educating voters . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure it 's cultural . 
  this says more about the nature of human beings rather than the nature of turks . 
  humans are capable of terrible things , whatever their race or culture . 
  not only pro-russian invasion , but german invasion and french invasion . 
  basically you 're pro-war in europe . 
  all it would take is a big enough financial crisis to plunge a fractured europe into conflict . 
  well not in the us at least , otherwise we would n't see these absolutely crazy tea partiers elected . 
  these politicians actively work to counter the national interests of the united states ( like bringing us to the brink of financial collapse to protest obamacare , trying to defund the us military , advocating for draconian immigration laws against highly educated , skilled foreigners and other things ) to appease their racist , evangelical christian constituents . 
  i 'm hardcore pro-eu because i care about the world and the success of the human race . 
  also , if you 're european and you 're anti-eu , you 're a fucking traitor . 
  or maybe op really believes in the european project and wants expose fellow europeans to a quality source reporting on eu policy in brussels ... 
  fuck farage, 
  that 's * it . 
  * damn , impressive account keeping britain . 
  if a lot of people vote then it * will * be democratic, 
  the bottom line : if europeans can get their shit together ( unified voice in international affairs backed up by a common defense service ) they will be a superpower . 
  april 23rd , [ another journalist , yevhan halych , and his brother disappeared ] ( http://euromaidanpr.com/2014/04/23/journalist-and-his-brother-disappear-in-horlivka/ ) in horlivka , the town where a councilman was found mutilated and murdered . 
   yevhen halych went on assignment with his brother hennadiy halych , from sumy . 
  hennadiy halych , before all contact with him was lost , used a code word with his family that indicated danger . 
  the last city that the halych brothers visited was horlivka . 
  according to yevhen 's family , several unsuccessful attempts have been made to use his brother 's bank card . 
   `` the last call from hennadiy came at 11:00 am with the information that they were in horlivka and that there was unrest in the city . 
  the code word that i knew was mentioned . 
  he repeated that word three times and then suddenly hung up . 
  at 11:40 i tried to phone my husband but the call was rejected . 
  at 12:15 i received a text message stating ` i am busy , will call . ' all subsequent attempts to contact him or his brother yevhen have been unsuccessful , '' she said . 
  [ alternative source ] ( http://www.telekritika.ua/profesija/2014-04-23/92920 ), 
  we know , just like every white person in america is n't in the kkk . 
  but iirc even the bbc did a similar story on the same conflict ( british nationalists vs islamist extremists ), 
  * takes off anglo-saxon , empiricist hat and puts on continental european , lacanian hat * like all proud serbs , he harbors a profound guilt deep in his psyche for the atrocities that his people have committed . 
  he clearly has a lot of respect for his father , and as is natural , this respect transferred to the ethnicity his father passed on to him . 
  to acknowledge the crimes of his ethnic kin would taint his image of his father - the cognitive dissonance of this is too destabilizing ; so he has suppressed this fact . 
  of course , the guilt can only be repressed and not eliminated . 
  it has manifested itself in a victim-proxy complex , which is a method his subconscious uses to purge itself of guilt , like a penitent flagellate monk . 
  nebraska . . 
  gosh that 's such a tiny population of people ... 
  they should have just gone to montana or upstate new york instead of the mid-east ... would have saved the whole world a lot of headache, 
  alright , well its at least 47.5 / 50 % european ( ashkenazi jews ), 
  well good for greece, 
  israel is settled by mostly europeans too, 
  thanks be to god !, 
   that will dissipate and people will just continue amalgamating as has been done in the us for a couple hundred years now . 
  tell me about it , my oma came from bavaria after the war and my opa came from ukraine ( near lviv ) and they settled in st. paul after a russian professor at the university of minnesota helped my opa immigrate . 
  then they moved into a neighborhood of poles and ukrainians . 
  my grandparents cul de sac used to be all poles and ukrainians , save for one classic anglo american family ( and then oma had a book club with all german immigrant ladies ) . 
  anyway , the slavs are dying off and their spots on the cul de sac are being replaced with latin americans and vietnamese . 
  and it 's all gloriously american , every house has a meticulously kept american flag flying out front . 
  i did n't . 
  he tried to be neutral and just let 's the footage do the talking . 
  no reason to detain the guy . 
  shit , most people have at least a drizzle of polish ancestry . 
  sometimes crazy people on the internet are actually just 12 year olds, 
  iirc they have this one service in europe that illegally gets you both netflix and hulu + for like $ 5 a month . 
   not the jersey shore kind so what , are you the chicago kind ? 
  because they 're still pretty sassy . 
  fuck that makes me sad . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat * conspiracy theory : the russians used their financial influence to coerce the ukip / front national crowd to talk shit about romanians so it would create fissures in european society . 
  part of their super secret ` divide and conquer ' strategy . 
  ukraine is as european as france or greece . 
  end of story . 
  ya , to my mind the generic european ( the * eurobro * ) can be found from sweden down to around germany , benelux , iberia and italy : a snappy dressing metrosexual who mopeds/bikes around roman ruins , ~ ~ reads * das kapital * ~ ~ watches breaking bad on netflix and goes to the * discotek * until 3 am . 
  kind of fucked up that you 're so sure of it . 
  kind of stupid too . 
   living under a rock well i was still in high school during the darkest days of the eurocrisis and live in the direct center of north america where unemployment rates never rose past 4 % during the great recession ... 
  so yea , you 're kind of right, 
   republicans were voting for democrats and vice versa that line gets blurrier in texas and at the state level in general . 
  a democrat in texas would probably be a republican in minnesota and vice versa . 
  `` well we do n't need to worry about them voting multiple times ; they 're upper-middle class , christian , conservative , white folks therefore they know whats best '' - texan voters, 
  my favorite pic from this scandal : [ a spiteful putina joins right sector ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ofp5sdx.jpg ), 
   did edward snowden stoke hysteria yea a little bit . 
  but the guardian stoked it more , for example when they reported in the `` 5-eyes '' with zealous intensity and then brushed the `` 9-eyes '' under the rug . 
  sort of made people think there was a grand anglo-saxon conspiracy when in reality there was a grand ` oecd / wealthy democracies ' conspiracy . 
  doomed if you do , doomed if you do n't . 
  * block the accounts and you 're accused of being in cahoots with the corrupt turkish govt . 
  * refuse to block the accounts and you 're accused of being a weapon of the usa to foment a coup . 
  he never said it was wrong ... just because someone states a neutral fact about russia does n't mean they are anti-russia . 
   his second example requires disclosure : stellar beams deutsche welle 's television , radio and internet broadcasts to ** iraq ** and sub-saharan africa for redistribution . 
  the third example is steffen 's best guess at why his company may have been hacked . 
  `` the syrian war started . 
  and the question was raised whether we should support the opposition against assad . 
  and i felt , ok - at this point , you can clearly identify who is the good one and who is the bad one , which is not so easy , always . 
  so we actually extended the internet so they could connect to that point with a little antenna and bring in information into the internet , and then from the internet it could be picked up and redistributed to the news . 
  so this is the only , let 's say ` customer ' i could identify here , where i could say , ` hm , maybe the british or the americans , they 're asking , ' ** what is stellar doing here ? 
  why are they having a connection into syria ? 
  ' '' ** well at least this guys reasonable and understands why he was being spied on . 
   raised awareness of the european crisis i think you mean `` stoked hysteria about the european crisis '', 
   us legislative system seems very broken/outdated . 
  there are ups and downs , right now theres a fucked up ideology going around on the far right that the federal government is evil and must be impeded at all costs and that states should be the main theater of policy making , so were seeing a lot of inefficiency . 
  just like neoconservatism , i think this ideology will go out of fashion in the next few election cycles . 
  on the plus side , it makes it impossible for radical governments to get out of control . 
  crazy radicals can only * stop * legislation ; never * enact * legislation because for any extremist majority there will be a committed moderate minority to thwart them . 
  democrats did this with george bush in the last few years of his presidency . 
  i think its better to wait out the tea party storm rather than change the system . 
  australians , new zealanders and chileans . 
  other latin americans are working their way there just like certain eastern european countries are too . 
  but yea i get what you 're saying, 
  russia 's terms were not made public but it 's absurd to think that russia did not have terms .
