  hahaha he 's accusing these ladies of hysteria while he 's * actually * being hysterical, 
  do european families get a visit from a giant rabbit who hides baskets of candy around the house ? 
  or is that something we made up as an excuse to eat more candy ? 
  what is `` uterus rabies '' ... ? 
  yea it was probably made by scandinavian immigrants back in the day . 
  ours details an epic , bloody battle between vikings raiders and the sioux ( a local native american tribe ), 
  we have one of those `` authentic viking runestones '' too . 
  get tens of thousands of visitors a year . 
  they 're probably not gon na get that road in the end , they 're just going to make it seem like they are for a while, 
  wiki says only 30 % of the population is russian . 
  this is a military occupation under which the russian population has been greatly politically empowered . 
  alight i 'm rewatching that movie when i get home , eastern eurotrash and southern rednecks perfectly compliment each other, 
  oh you silly man , calling the sea overrated ... forgetting that it allowed you guys to establish the greatest empire the world has ever known, 
  that and when he revealed that the australians were spying on indonesia ... their 250 million person muslim neighbor directly to their north that has only been a stable democracy for one decade ... like fucking duh they were spying on indonesia , and good on them for that . 
  he 's just heated because someone he though was a hero turned out to be something else, 
  dalia grybauskaite 's spirit animal is the wolverine . 
  i can sense it . 
  and i like it . 
  obama is black, 
  probably not the whole foreign ministry , certainly not frank-walter , but i 'm sure there are more than a few bad apples . 
  and he 's saying that germany needs to lose its leadership position because its relationship with russia has prevented it from securing the legitimate strategic interests of the european union, 
  yea , did i just get fucked clicking on that site ? 
  and how the fuck are they doing that stuff ? 
  sent a chill down my spine when he mentioned bribes in the german foreign ministry . 
  these guys are carrying out subversion at a level of sophistication that surpasses even my own government . 
  `` cuban twitter '' is child 's play in comparison . 
  how can ) ) ) be a smiley ? 
  its got no eyes ... and three mouths ... 
  says 2014 barack * hussein * obama 's america, 
  `` the only time the orcs of sauron find themselves at ` peace ' is when they are at war . '', 
  - * the silmarillion *, 
  hell yeah , anglos win the tolerance prize !!, 
  woah, 
  i think before the occupation i would have liked my country to leave russia alone and let it flourish in its own way . 
  russia really was n't on my radar and i did n't want my country to concern itself with russia . 
  that has changed , and i think my country needs to step up , fortify its allies , create new allies ( expand nato to ukraine , moldova and georgia ) and put major emphasis on containing russia in the arctic . 
  russia is unpredictable now , we have to be safe and take concrete measures to account for this unpredictability . 
  firstly , usaid and iri are funded by the us * congress * not the clandestine intelligence services / department of defense . 
  that means our elected representatives decide annually about how much money should be spent on spreading democracy . 
  the house of representatives is pretty close to the people : 475,000 18 + citizens per representative ( this is one reason why there so much gridlock ) . 
  voting against spreading democracy would be very unpopular amongst most voters so it 's right to say that this usaid has a direct mandate from the american people . 
  ( this is also why the cuban twitter thing was a scandal in the us - info about the project was n't readily available for the american public to see ) in russia , on the otherhand , their aid funding come directly from the kremlin and there is really no input from the people . 
  so yea , i would trust usaid over the kremlin because usaid is 99 % of the time out in the open while kremlaid is 99 % of the time designed behind closed doors . 
  edit : also , again about the usaid thing in cuba . 
  that was done for like two years between 2010-2012 and was then discontinued . 
  furthermore , rajiv shah one of the guys behind this was [ * grilled * in front of a senate ethics committee for not operating out in the open ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb4kyaudsn4 ), 
  well fucking duh it 's going to try to hide the us involvement , the cuban govt would probably freak out if it knew the us was behind it . 
   the idea was to build up a large social network through targeted text message blasts , allowing cubans to communicate with one another free of charge and beyond the reach of the country 's tightly regulated internet , while enabling us officials to feed them information from the outside world . 
  how is this anything other than respectable ? 
  because it 's doing something against a foreign government ? 
  okay , just because it 's an american pro-democracy organization does n't mean it 's bad or wrong . 
  jesus , lay off the noam chomsky videos for a little bit . 
  edit : sorry people in my country care about democracy in the world and give a ton of money . 
   smug bastard no way , i totally read him as a kind of goofy european guy, 
  this is a treasure trove !, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's because we have a military alliance with japan . 
  it 's 99 % because of that . 
  because it 's not allied with japan . 
  that 's pretty the number 1 reason . 
  they * hate * the japanese . 
  well , fuck . 
  i think we need to reinstate reconstruction into the former confederacy , put that shit back under direct federal rule for a few years . 
  woah there , i would n't say texas , utah , arizona , florida , new mexico and virginia are exactly on the shit lost , those are pretty economically vibrant states they just are socially conservative assholes ( southern florida is not shit , but northern florida is absolute pure diarrhea ), 
  fuck no i would n't vote republican , and if our allies are threatened then we go to war . 
  there is no other option , end of story . 
  none right now , i 'm talking about if some weird `` something '' happens in the future . 
  oh , i 'm in minnesota and things are going along quite smoothly so i guess i 'm out of touch with what 's happening in crazy ass southern states, 
  they know that russia 's being a little bitch about everything though , germany just stuck its head in the sand . 
  no , the world is too interconnected nowadays , we can not let certain regions ( europe and east asia ) fall into chaos or get swallowed up by a eurasian power . 
  if this happens the economic system will be dismembered and we 'll all probably get thrown into some deep depression . 
  also , i 'm not willing to let european liberal democracies fall and personally am willing to die to defend them . 
  if we have to spill american blood to preserve global stability then so be it ; cowards can stay home if they please . 
  i just noticed that your neutral is spelled neu ** trol ** as in troll . 
  that explains a lot . 
  how american governance is working , at the moment . 
  there is serious entrenchment going on in the american right because they feel like progressivism is marching ever forward and that there is an inevitable demographic shift about to happen it the us , so they have given up on any hopes of actually governing and have decided to just counter everything as much as they can , nonstop . 
  local and state level is going pretty smoothly though , thank god edit : retrenchment to entrenchment, 
  yea , it was a sort of absurdism which is suppose is a type of satire . 
  but i 've done that kind of thing before in this sub and they never get that i 'm being humorous . 
  i figure it 's a european thing, 
  i have made my judgement of carl bildt and it is that he is the real deal . 
  obama ? 
  he was pretty awesome . 
  also john kerry in 2004 . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to imply , but if you are against carl bildt you are against all that is good in this world . 
  germany is becoming a problem , europe needs a united nordic union to counterbalance its influence . 
  edit : or something . 
  idk a stronger france or uk would work too . 
  carl bildt ( sweden 's fm and the guy who probably set this up ) is the fucking man . 
  follow him at @carlbildt for interesting insight into ukraine and international relations in general . 
  all europeans should follow him , he 's the only eu fm who tweets candidly and frankly about issues that europe faces . 
  this is like ... russia 's dream come true . 
  damn it , cold war ii is totally happening . 
  2016 needs to get here asap so hilary can get elected as president and save us from this nonsense . 
  do it , and i want my government to start providing lethal aid . 
  this is a bullshit move by putin who * promised * not to invade the donbas region less than two weeks ago, 
  side note , minnesota has a large population of swedish descent . 
  iowa has a large population of danish descent . 
  minnesota is directly to the north of iowa .
