  do you really think that 's what every conflict is about ? 
  the military-industrial complex ? 
  every . 
  single . 
  conflict ... 
  i guess that 's easier to understand though, 
  [ his entire family has now returned to being jewish -- except for his grandmother . 
  `` she still thinks that the holocaust could be repeated at any moment and that hatred of the jews will never disappear , '' szegedi says . 
  when she learned that he was planning to become circumcized , she tried to talk him out of it . 
  and she still does n't go to the synagogue . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-hungarian-right-wing-extremist-explores-his-jewish-roots-a-962156.html ) you 're story reminds me about this excerpt from a * der spiegel * article about a hungarian neo-nazi who found out he had jewish roots and then converted to judaism . 
  you 're a history teacher are n't you ? 
  literally the only type of person who would spend this much time compiling such a list of sources would be a highschool history teacher . 
  if europe does n't start to pull its weight , we should withdraw from there and refocus our efforts to east asia ( where our allies japan and south korea are ready to fight to the death for their own defense ) . 
  then we should get out of the mideast and give that support to latin america , since they actually have a chance to become normal societies . 
  just think how different mexico would be if we would have put as much effort into defeating the * narcotraficantes * as we did trying to defeat the taliban in afghanistan ? 
   this is just press censorship no , this is the protection of press . 
  we literally can not believe anything russia says about ukraine . 
  totally legit . 
  unless that little bird has [ native american ancestry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eagle_feather_law ) , it just committed a serious crime . 
  are they really try to pretend like they care about legality ? 
  yea , pretty much . 
  what do you mean `` nuke it from orbit '' ? 
  i mean i know what it means literally , but what do you mean in this instance ? 
  nuke what ? 
  why ? 
  lord almighty ... ... * sigh *, 
  yeah , a judge can commute a prisoners sentence . 
  did you know the germans call gates , portals , hatches ( submarine hatch ) and doors the same thing . 
  all those are just `` door '' in german . 
  yea , i believe the russian side because they have a really great track record on ukraine . 
  they never , ever lie about events in ukraine ... * / s *, 
  these are not ukrainians , these people are from russia . 
  more political tourists ? 
  holy shit imagine if somebody did that to your grandma !, 
  i 'd fucking rip their heads off, 
  i always look forward to your weekly synopsis, 
  hmm idk if that 's such a good idea with meat products, 
  nom nom nom, 
  it 's a residual effect of the 2008 financial crisis . 
  the us had it too , remember the huge swell in the popularity of the tea party ? 
  there was a ton of right wing extremist in the tea party , but their extremism was blunted a bit by the mainstream republicans . 
  this is a benefit of having only two political parties . 
  also , europe is taking longer to strongly recover , so their extremists have had more time to prey on a confused public and organize themselves . 
  he also has [ good taste in lapel pins ] ( http://i.imgur.com/denm8vl.jpg ), 
  russia can not take transnistria . 
  is that guy cool ? 
  also , is orby really trying to take credit for the general eu recovery ? 
  surprise !, 
  they elect a centre-left , progressive , technocratic supermajority !!!!, 
  typical . 
  * all footballers are terrorists *, 
  the democracy will come , they need to stick to it and we need to support them . 
  [ x-post from / r/ukraine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6mkpbfj.jpg ) took america 10 years to get a good constitution together and we had a civil war 70 years after that ... 
  wait , wo n't gchq just do the spying then ? 
  like this is actually pointless . 
  yea it 's definitely been darfur level oppression, 
  yea that was shitty . 
  but i think spain deserves most of the blame for that . 
  we americans just blame ourselves for that because the spanish are white and white americans are ... also white so whatever the spanish did is somehow our fault too edit : but yea , reservations was usa 's fault . 
  americans did shit too , but it was like we did the genocide in darfur and the spanish did the holocaust . 
  well google japanese aircraft carrier 2013 and that pic comes up . 
  not like i did it on purpose, 
  its a `` helicopter '' carrier . 
  aka its an aircraft carrier but the japanese are calling it a `` helicopter '' carrier because apparently that doesnt violate their neutrality but aircraft carrier does . 
  its a loophole, 
  yea why do all these people think the eu is broke ? 
  are they just retarded , or what ? 
  oh damn , did n't think moscow was so shiny, 
  [ i do n't think so , i think that 's the real deal japanese aircraft carrier ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bnnhxua.jpg ), 
  this is berlin ? 
  why 'd you do that ? 
  you ca n't just blame every civilian casualty of every major conflict on the us . 
  good golly miss molly you sure are a saucy lil spit-fire  petrodollars and pretty sure everyone on wall street ( and ` main street ' ) were doing cartwheels of joy when they realized that the canadian/american ` fracking revolution ' was set to radically decrease the value of hydrocarbons . 
  why would our financial markets be so happy about destabilizing the price of hydrocarbons if our dollar was the petrodollar ?? 
   kill millions alright , so 300,000 in hiroshima and nagasaki ... so our kill count probably surpasses 1 million but which major country 's kill count does n't pass 1 million ? 
  and our kill count is for sure waaay less than russia , china 's , japan 's , germany 's , spain 's , uk 's , france 's etc. 
  we never had anything close to holodomor , holocaust , conquest of the new world , or just general old world imperialism . 
  also , we saved a lot of lives too . 
  a lot lot lot lot of lives . 
  but so did those other guys too . 
   marshall plan okay , are you seriously going to criticize the marshall plan ? 
  damn ... were we supposed to let war-ravaged western europe descend back into conflict and get gobbled up by the ussr ? 
  edit : added ` saucy ', 
  largest national economy on earth and the bbc and the economist say were gon na hit 4 % gdp growth in 2014 so obviously we 're doing something right . 
  lots of yummy tax revenue in that there gdp increase . 
  i doubt we have any bargaining power in the internet arena after the nsa sp\u00e4h-skandal / merkels handy-krise . 
  and sopa pipa did n't get anywhere in the us , so our boys are n't too motivated about those . 
  and our beloved tech industry hates that shit , and we will not anger the mighty hoodie-wearing , silicon valley techlords edit : techies to techlords, 
  no dude , telling gorby to tear down that wall was for the germans . 
  it was the us president going right up the edge of iron curtain and basically telling the soviets to go fuck themselves . 
  it showed germany that the us was not afraid of the soviets and would kick their ass if it had too . 
   otherwise they will start nuking each other over meaningless rocky islands or something . 
  yea , i could see it escalating to that . 
   babysitting also , yea . 
  the us is a sort of buffer power in the region . 
  they fucking hate each other and the us is sort of an ethnically neutral distant power who 's influence in the region relies on its allies . 
  the chinese are wary of us . 
  but the south koreans love us ( they rightly believe that they would be overrun by the north if it were n't for the us ) and we 've been partners with japan for quite a while , and the partnership has been working well for them . 
  [ so what they just built their first aircraft carrier since wwii for fun ? ],
