we 've destroyed let 's justs be careful with painting them as the victim too much . 
  it is true that there were almost zero stone structures made in the us out of the adobe structures in the southwest . 
  also disease was far more deadly that we were . 
  list in order of responsibility 1 . 
  the diseases 2 . 
  disease 3 . 
  disease 4 . 
  the spanish and their native allies 5 . 
  later colonial powers pre-usa and their native allies 6 . 
  white frontier settlers who suffered from indian rads 7 . 
  usg that 's does n't mean we should n't seek social justice though, 
  i have heard that they are some of the hidden jewels of europe, 
  in reality we have actually made a lot of progress as a collective civilization . 
  much more caring and just . 
  wait , they 're going to lose their specialness in 2047 ? 
  that 's terrible, 
  going to europe is a total must for every american . 
  europeans maybe do n't understand , but it 's down right mind blowing how old everything is . 
  norwegian blood attracts money !!!, 
  [ proof of the electromagnetic phenomena ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bdbqvuv.jpg ) ( data from imf for 2013 ) [ norwegian blood ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c13mhco.jpg ) :-), 
  fine by me , dollar , euro , british pound , swiss franc , brazilian real : i do n't care what the reserve currency is as long as it 's managed by a democratic society whose people value global stability . 
  probably has something to do with all those american fortune 500 companies moving their hq 's to ireland for tax purposes . 
  that 's not how ukraine works . 
  there is n't really a divide over language , it 's a very bilingual nation . 
  the language situation in spain is more controversial than it is in ukraine , for example . 
  okay , they can fudge off to lalaland where they belong then . 
  like , do the finnish greens even know what 's going on in the world ? 
  do they think finland exists in some sort of energy independent vacuum ? 
  actually , turks in turkey are the ones whose hellenic genes are mixed with central asian turkic blood . 
  turks in western turkey are actually more greek than turkic . 
  maybe , i really do n't know much about finance . 
  all i know is that the u.s. dollar is venasaur and all other currencies are little bulbasaurs . 
  would australia sacrifice its banking system to help sri lanka 's banking system ? 
  independent countries fend for themselves . 
  the uk would have no obligation to scotland to give them boe assets . 
  the eu should create a `` european prehistory '' class that all schoolchildren have to take , along with national history and math . 
  that way a common european identity could be fostered without stepping on any ( non-racist ) nationalist toes . 
  teach the kids that a long long time ago , the ancestors of the poles and the ancestors of the spaniards sat side beside working together to survive the great perils of the ice age . 
  ... . also philosophy , science and western civilization those are pretty important greek products too , after feta of course . 
  yea right , we are just a bunch of highly organized stardust . 
  not anymore special than a rock at our true essence, 
  okay well russia is pretty anti ukraine right now though and canada is very pro ukraine, 
  it 's a friendly response to stephen harper 's `` canada is the most ukrainian country outside of ukraine '' comment . 
  which is true , ethnically speaking it 's not awkward . 
  as an american of ukrainian descent it made me happy to see ( because i share quite a bit in common with canadians of ukrainian descent , culturally and ethnically ), 
  it 's a friendly response to stephen harper 's `` canada is the most ukrainian country outside of ukraine '' comment . 
  which is true , ethnically speaking, 
  i know populism when i see it , and the yes campaign is pretty darn populist . 
  / r/scotland, 
  i can understand what you 're saying , but as an american i 'm all too familiar with political parties that are full of people without `` any sense and understanding '' . 
  well the more i look into the issue , it seems that the yes campaign aims to paint no voters and the uk as heartless imperialists, 
  no , just a foreigner who has heard a lot about nigel farage and his uk independence party and very little about alex salmond and his scottish national party . 
  on the surface they seem quite similar , from an outside view the only obvious differences are that alex salmond is more socialist and anti-union with england whereas farage is more libertarian and anti-union with europe . 
  so is salmond scotland 's version of nigel farage ? 
   in the 20 's ... 1920 's ? 
  really going to bring up something from the 1920 's to prove your point ? 
  lol , but i think the circumstances were vastly different . 
  for one , we had an entire half-continent that was ours for the taking ( provided we paid a little cash and did a bit of conquering ) . 
  secondly , we were a colony that was almost completely prohibited from trading with any nation other than england and so independence opened a world of mercantile opportunities for us . 
   considering that oecd puts us 14th in the world for gdp/capita . 
  11 % higher than the uk i think it 's illusory to think that scotland 's fiscal situation would stay the same ... 
  the currency to be used has n't even been determined yet . 
  as for the 11 % higher than the uk , i know that minnesota 's gdp/capita is higher than the us average ( $ 58,000 vs $ 51,000 ) but i also know that mn 's economy would plummet if we became independent . 
   there 's also a large , active , hostile , aggressive group of pro-independence people who have been called `` cybernats '' who troll around the internet . 
  on reddit that means lots of downvotes . 
  that 's awfully undemocratic . 
  i 'm shocked that you were so downvoted , i read your comment expecting something outrageously offensive but everything you wrote was totally sensible and adequately respectful . 
  i do n't really know much at all about the independence referendum , but the reaction to your comment has put a foul taste in my mouth with regards to your pro-independence movement . 
  good luck though , i hope that england , scotland , wales and n. ireland prosper either way . 
   we 're doing worse than the majority of europe at it while having a shitton more money . 
  well it 's going to be pretty tough for an independent scotland to do better when it 's totally broke and it 's economy is totally devoid of meaningful foreign investment . 
  why are you guys playing such a dangerous game when you already live cushy , individually independent 1st world lives ? 
  well certainly they dont realize it 's made by people , but animals are normally very aware of their surroundings for obvious reasons and so would certainly take note of the odd nature of the gap . 
  i wonder wha animals must think of that ... just like `` oh this is weird , what hell ? '', 
  or maybe they do n't even notice it at all, 
   the crisis in eastern europe , just two hours by plane from berlin holy crap . 
  that really puts this into perspective ... that 's like , the flight from minneapolis to chicago . 
  * how are europeans not freaking out !? 
  * i 'd be going nuts 24/7 if there was a war in chicago, 
  yup , that 's what i tried to write between the lines :-) see there are always some distinct cultural traits that survive , even after many many generations, 
  god ... people in argentina have that same sentiment about argentina people in new jersey have that same sentiment about new jersey, 
  that would never , ever happen . 
  you have no idea how fiercely people in certain regions resist the federal government . 
  we can not even have a national education curriculum , only recommendations . 
  ** were ** being monitored . 
  who knows now, 
  that is not something that does n't even * remotely * happen regularly , if it was , there would be no abortion doctors left in this country . 
  edit : also , shooting grown men because you believe they 're genocidal butchers is not the same kind of evil as sawing a little girl 's head off because of her parents religion . 
  american christian extremist : * abortion is evil , stop the genocide of those precious babies , stop the war against the unborn !, 
  * ( then hysterically breaks into tears calling out for christ to save the unborn ) muslim extremist : * death to all kufar !, 
  death to all kufar !, 
  convert or die !, 
  * ( then grabs little christian / yazidi girl and slowly saws her head off with a kitchen knife ) ... believe me , i know american christian extremists , and they can be really fucking ignorant and annoying , but it really do n't see how that is the same as crucifying yazidi men and rapping their wives / daughters . 
  sorry , but this is an absolute masterpiece . 
  notice how i never said they always tell the truth just that ** the ukrainian government does not engage in the same level of propaganda as the russian government **, 
  how about not oversimplifying his argument ? 
  we all know what he meant was : in this current conflict , the russian government has a strong incentive to lie and has been consistently lying . 
  in this current conflict , the ukrainian government has a strong incentive to counter russian lies by revealing what 's actually happening on the ground . 
  additionally , the ukrainian government knows the importance of being as credible \u00e4 source as possible ; if the ukrainian government engaged in the same level of propaganda as the russian government ** it would only serve to create confusion ; both internationally and within ukraine . 
  confusion on the ground only complicates the ukrainian governments mission : to restore order to the region .
