  - which all led to some terrible atrocities in the name of anti-communism , such as the dos erres massacre in guatemala , and the disappeared in argentina . 
  so , the conflicts in honduras , guatemala , nicaragua were all first and foremost conflicts between criollo aristocrats and mestizo/indian campesinos . 
  they would have happened with or without us involvement , that 's for damn sure . 
  those aristocrats were filthy rich and they were not about to let to of their power without a bloody fight . 
  us involvement is truly criminal , however ; the atrocities committed by the criollos against their campesinos truly can not be blamed on the us . 
  they were wealthy enough to buy weapons from britain or france or spain if they needed to and they would have done the same terrible things . 
  pinochet , los desaparecidos in argentina - better to compare these to the situations that led to franco in spain , salazar in portugal and even mussolini in italy . 
  the was no cia coup in chile , that is false , ask any chilean and they will tell you this . 
  president allende tied with two other candidates in a presidential election , all three receiving ~ 30 % of the vote . 
  according to chilean law , the tie was to be broken via a vote in the chilean legislature and the legislature voted to appoint allende as president . 
  however , allende soon began implementing policies that many legislators ( and their constituents ) found regressive . 
  allende only received ~ 30 % of the vote and so it can only be said that ~ 30 % of chileans actually supported his plans . 
  the legislature decided to remove allende and to do so they called upon the chilean military , which already had ties to the us military because prior to allende 's ouster , both countries were liberal democracies . 
  anyway , pinochet came to power in the tumult caused by the legislature 's change of heart and allende 's suicide . 
  it 's important to note that pinochet 's regime is responsible for around 2500 assassinations . 
  while that number is vile , it 's not exactly genocide . 
  and as for argentina , the peronists initiated a coup against some argentine government ( about which i know nothing ) and successfully grabbed power because the people loved him and his wife , evita . 
  their ... fascist ( ? ), 
  rule was handed over to a series of military dictators who carried out the dirty war and operation condor . 
  the main criticism here against the us is that many of the military leaders in argentina were trained at the school of the americas , but some were also trained by the french and british . 
  ( as a quick side note the us also trained many of the japanese naval officers who ended up fighting the us in wwii ) . 
  a relevant side note is that these military guys were clearly not us puppets because they attacked sovereign territory of one of america 's closest allies , britain . 
  ... now really , i 'm not trying to say that the us is a fucking saint because it did some shady secret agent shit in latin america , that 's for sure . 
  and american corporations definitely exploited many people in latin america , but this is more the fault of the corporations themselves and most of all the fault of the criollo aristocrats that permitted them to do business however they pleased . . also do n't think that west german , british , canadian and french firms were n't also do equally shitty thing in latin america too . 
  no , no no not even close to being true . 
  vietnam was terrible , yea we know . 
  the french started it and the soviets/chinese play a huge role in it too . 
  ultimately , american policy makers were flabbergasted to realize that the vietcong were not fighting for communism but for independence and only used communism to get support from the soviets . 
  shortly after this became clear , the vietnam war was ended . 
  and latin america did not see atrocities committed by americans anywhere near same level as committed by the soviets in eastern europe . 
  what is it with europeans thinking the us holocausted and butchered latin america ... you know that not even latin americans believe that ? 
  i 'm mean they hate their own aristocracies and former european imperial powers way more than they hate us . 
  also , latin americans approve of the united states more than europeans approve of the united states ( germans , french * and * even british having a lower approval rating of the us than do * venezuelans and bolivans * aka the people whose governments rail against the us day and night ... ) edit : not saying we 're innocent in latin america , but what the us did there is simply not comparable to what the soviets did . 
  more people died in police shoot outs in major american cities during the past 50 years than died in latin america because of american action . 
  i 'm certain that a huge amount of soviet mechanized wwii military hardware was manufactured in the us . 
  and the us had a huge amount of manpower at its disposal too , wikipedia says ussr had a population of 170 million in 1950 and the us had a population of 150 million . 
  we could 've taken them . 
  it just would have been super bloody and shitty . 
  yea that 's the stuff i 'm talking about , we get that kind of thing too except we are told that all of the sins of all white imperialists ( brits , french , dutch , iberians ) are automatically our fault and we should be ashamed for everything from columbus to hitler . 
  and to be fair , that video is right about queen victoria because she was a stuck up bitch who thought her shit did n't stink . 
  also , yea argentina is kind of a dick . 
  i think that 's sort of the point , no ? 
  i think eastern partnership that the eu offered to ukraine , georgia and moldova was a pretty smart `` green room '' before entering the eu . 
  ah yes , tracts is correct . 
  and i think that europeans did annex the more profitable land in several key scenarios , they definitely did in latin america but to a lesser extent in north america . 
  in north america , the most obvious incident of euro-americans taking valuable indian land was in georgia with the cherokee . 
  the georgians found gold on cherokee lands and then set out to aggressively take this land , the supreme court ruled that georgia must not interfere with cherokee lands but in one of the most outrageous actions in american history , president jackson * ignored * the supreme court and sent the army to remove the cherokee and send them to oklahoma on what is known as the trail of tears . 
  but for most examples , it was simply that native tribes occupied territory that was productive for hunter gatherer or subsistent agricultural societies , but not economically ideal for modern capitalist societies . 
  in my state there are two tribes whose experience demonstrate this : the mdewanketon sioux and red lake anishinaabe . 
  the mdewanketon sioux have lived in the minnesota river valley for thousands of years , this river valley is just a few kilometers upstream of the confluence of the minnesota and mississippi rivers . 
  the sioux chose the area because the river valley is very wide , the current is slow and is packed with fish , birds and wild rice . 
  when the french came , they recognized the strategic importance of the minnesota-mississippi confluence and established a trading community . 
  fast forward a few centuries and that french trading community has burgeoned into one of the wealthiest urban areas in the country with a population of 2.5 million . 
  as a native tribe , he mdewanketon sioux have special rights over their land ; including the right to build casinos . 
  so , the mdewanketon built a casino , called mystic lake , and every night that casino gets packed with people from the nearby minneapolis-st . paul metro . 
  the mdewanketon are enormously wealthy ; the neighborhoods on the reservation are filled with * huge * houses and the driveways are full of expensive cars . 
  the tribe is currently building a luxury indoor water park to attract tourists with families . 
  in contrast the red lake anishinaabe-ojibwa have been living around the lower and upper red lakes in far northern minnesota for centuries , long before the french came around . 
  this land is located in the middle of nowhere . 
  and the people that live there are dirt poor because of it . 
  isolated and far away from major centers of economic activity . 
  the surrounding area was not overly attractive for white settlers . 
  i agree with you !, 
  and so does the mainstream of western society !, 
  i 'm not saying we have done enough to reconcile , but i 'm saying that we culturally feel the need to reconcile and that we always want to push further and reconcile more ( thus the rise of sometimes ridiculously militant pc nazis . ), 
   education of the colonies is quite poor really ? 
  you never learn anything about india , australia , canada , the us or south africa ? 
  i 've seen dozens of bbc programs about india and africa . 
  you maybe do n't realize it because you 're british , but you 're media is full of the imperial legacy . 
  i think there was an long live stream of the pistorious trial on bbc a while back because there was clearly an audience in britain for that scandal , even though it was south african . 
  then how about that new movie * belle * that 's about the love child of an aristocrat and a slave who is raised by her aristocratic father as an aristocrat in england ? 
  or * 12 years a slave * , which was about slavery in america but was directed by an brit and starred a brit . 
  and remember * gandhi * with sir ben kingsley ? 
  that was a british film about indian independence starring british actors for a british ( and other western anglophone ) audience . 
   what has he us done to reconcile with native americans well we have given a great deal of self-governance , for example in my state there are a few indian reservations that require an entrance permit meaning they effectively have a closed border . 
  it 's weird , but they can do it , and they can ` deport ' you if you are not a member of the tribe . 
  indians also get a ton of government support on top of the government support offered to non-natives . 
  healthcare , food , housing , and basic needs are provided to natives in a special system that does n't include non-natives ( making it more responsive . ), 
  the reason why you see natives as being poor is the result of geography and an unfortunate genetic disposition to alcoholism . 
  many native peoples had their original homelands in areas that were not strategically located to fit into a modern society . 
  for example , natives have huge tracts of land that they rule over but they are extremely isolated from other major us population centers . 
  territory that supported a nomadic hunter gatherer society is not necessarily ideal for a modern capitalist society . 
  then there 's the alcoholism , it 's really bad for natives here and in canada . 
  they lack some genetic developments that eurasian people 's have and so alcohol and it 's addictive effect is especially powerful on them . 
  there are instances where a native ruler would give away vast tracts of land for a few crates full of whiskey . 
  in alaska , there is a special police force that is specially mandated to prevent alcohol related crime by the inuit people . 
  not all indians are alcoholics , and those that are do n't deserve blame because they are genetically unable to avoid it , but nevertheless this has had a * tremendous * impact on their societies and has destroyed many , many native families . 
  there is also a considerable portion of natives who are filthy rich due to exclusive gaming rights and exclusive territorial ( natural resources ) rights , but this excludes the majority of natives whose reservations are geographically isolated from potential tourists and are devoid of money making natural resources . 
  edit : tracks to tracts, 
   i do n't think there is a imperialist mood in russia really ? 
  how about putins approval rating jumping to 80 % after crimea was annexed ? 
  10 years ago there was maybe not much of an imperialist mood in russia , but there is now . 
  putin and his allies have created a powerful propaganda machine that is reinvigorating russian imperialism . 
  are you for real about the falklands ? 
  argentina invaded british territory inhabited by british people whose families had been there for several generations . 
  in that instance it was argentina who was the imperialist aggressor . 
  and france is in africa right now because it aimed to end genocide and the rise of far right islamists . 
  france did not start those conflicts . 
  do n't you remember the how everyone was criticizing western governments , especially former imperialist powers , for not intervening in the rwandan genocide ? 
  iirc french forces were stationed in rwanda and only acted to evacuate french and european citizens then left the country .
