  until a more reliable source comes along , i 'm going to believe what i saw . 
  my opinion on this is complicated and controversial . 
  but here 's how i see it : in europe , i think the countries are better off having their traditional ethnicity in the majority . 
  european states are centered around ethnic groups : germany for germans ; slovakia for slovaks etc. 
  when this gets even a little out if wack , things can get tense and societal cohesion begins to tear , just look at the castilians and the catalans : relatively speaking , they are * extremely * similar in terms of ethnicity and language , and yet there is still tension . 
  ** its just better that european states do n't get their ethnic equilibrium too out of balance . 
  ** my opinion regarding my own country , the united states , is entirely different on this matter . 
  the us has no right to declare itself as an ethnically based state , if the natural course of population dynamics bring the us toward a non-white majority , so be it . 
  ( however , the us does need to stay linguistically and to a certain extent , ideologically homogenous ) tl ; dr ** old world societies are better of maintaining their ethnic and cultural equilibrium . 
  ** new world societies are syncretic by nature and should accept racial / ethnic change . 
  edit : europe should focus on the momentous task of cordially integrating their society on the continental level and not be distracted by intra-national ethnic tension . 
  the survey you linked to asked respondents `` do you approve or disapprove of ** the job performance of the leadership ** of the united states ? '', 
  not `` do you support the united states . '', 
  and here 's the data i 'm looking at : * [ us image in latin america ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/group/2/ ) * [ european union image in latin america ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/28/group/2/ ) * [ us image in europe ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/group/3/ ) and , no . 
  there was no us orchestrated coup in venezuela 12 years ago . 
  that 47 hour `` coup '' was undertaken by business-elites and the military . 
  the us had intel that the coup was going to happen , and along with european countries , acknowledged the change in leadership * after hugo ch\u00e1vez officially resigned the presidency *, 
   latin america idk why do n't we ask latin america aka the region of the world where the usa has its highest approval rating and that also has a higher approval rating of the usa than of europe . 
  latin americans like the us , and their a approval of us will continue in the future . 
  even in venezuela , the former fief of anti-american fire-brand hugo ch\u00e1vez , the us has a higher approval rating than in germany . 
   putin has a better environmental record than harper hahaha what ?!, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  they are raping their vast , icy wilderness far harder and faster than canada is raping its vast , icy wilderness . 
  if you think keystone xl or tar-sands mining is bad , you ai n't seen nothin . 
  nobody in that country gives a flying fuck about the environment and they use outdated technology from whenever the fuck . 
  just a realist , maybe ? 
  i 'm down for a north american superstate with a capital in ottawa, 
  i would n't say that a all ; the us economy is incredibly diverse . 
  crude and refined petroleum account for just about 6 % of us exports ( according to wiki ) while they account for 60-70 % of russian exports . 
   bully as for the bully part , i 'd like to think that we are the type if bully that is also your friend . 
  a `` regina george '' type friend who you like to hang around because she 's cool and popular but who can be a sassy bitch if you do something she does n't like . 
  does nobody care about the vicious fighting in asia ? 
  because that shit was the worst . 
  it is very common to hear stories about veterans being relieved that they were being sent to europe instead of the pacific . 
  also , i heard that a whopping 10 million of the 20 million dead soviet soldiers where from ukraine . 
  so i think ukraine deserves as much recognition as russia . 
  i 'm not sure what that means ? 
  if it 's that the us exerts the same sort of tactics over its neighbors as russia does ; i 'll have to both agree and disagree . 
  we definitely pressure our neighbors to stand with us , but we use more honey than vinegar while it seems that russia uses more vinegar than honey . 
  and it 's pretty clear which one of us is catching more flies . 
  it 's not really a matter of hating russia , it 's a matter of just being really annoyed / frustrated with their political elite . 
  nah , you 're thinking about oil and natural gas , not putin . 
  solid choice . 
  she has a certain charisma about her that really fits for a post soviet republic bordering putin 's russia . 
  oh for sure , it 's straight up retarded that we do n't have something like that . 
  iirc there 's this one lake way up north in mn that has a part in canada and a part in the us . 
  they made a big ass resort on the us side of the lake . 
  and there is a canadian town on / near the other side of the lake . 
  the nearest american town is quite far away . 
  instead of just hiring employees from the very close manitoba town , the resort decided to bypass the legal circus and hire american workers instead ( who had to commute huge distances and who therefore has to be paid more to reimburse for gas . ), 
  long story short : a small / medium sized business had to endure unnecessary bureaucratic `` blahblahblah '' which most certainly lowered its efficiency and growth . 
  * thanks obama * ... but for real this time, 
  pretty good , i 'm a middle class under 26 year old with two full time employed parents ... 
  well yea that 's because europe is n't total shit for the common man anymore . 
  but back in the day , owning a nice big homestead in the midwest was a hell of a lot better than being a starving serf edit : why i am being downvoted ... ? 
  are you people trying to tell me that being a serf was better than being a land owning mid western farmer ? 
   canada wait , why do you guys need visas ? 
  do n't you just show you id at the border , or something ? 
  okay so that takes precedence in terms of correctness for me, 
  interesting , what 's this treaty with the vatican about ? 
  sounds like some medieval intrigue to me, 
  okay , why do i see some say lukashenko and some say lukashenka ? 
  which is it ? 
  it 's already a constitutional monarchy , the assumption already is that the people can remove the monarch if they so please, 
  nafta was rough at first but it 's been enormously beneficial after twenty years . 
  haha the cw in the bottom corner, 
  or lower ... just three countries : russia , belarus and europe . 
  the most interesting / funny part to me : apparently theres already a `` civil war '' brewing between ruling factions, 
  cato is a silly pseudo-think tank that tries too hard to reinforce the dying neo conservative narrative . 
   cato institute move along , nothing to see here just right wing babble, 
  ... atlanta is like a 2 hour plane ride . 
  just because some southerners have a really intense view of the past and instead of seeing reconstruction as a time when the plutocratic system was being dismantled and former slaves were given full suffrage and even had guaranteed spots in the house of representatives and the state legislatures ; they see ` carpet baggers ' ransacking the place . 
  both were true , but considering the 300 years of slavery and all the astonishing brutality that came with it , i think it 's not so bad that carpet baggers came down and bought up a whole bunch of plantation land at rock bottom prices . 
  do n't think i hate southerners or am prejudice towards them individually , i just think that their social values severely deviate from modern western values in a way that hurts the whole nation . 
  you 're from the south , are n't you ? 
  my own ends ? 
  i want my country to be more egalitarian and rational . 
  that 's not . . a selfish desire ... 
  i love that story , it 's known all throughout america . 
  i especially live how they hundred him . 
  it 's * so * san francisco, 
  listen , the only way we can reimpose a neo-reconstruction would be by waging a second civil war , which is absurd . 
  i know . 
   not to mention that you seem to have some seriously distorted views about life in the south . 
  have you ever lived there ? 
  i have n't lived there but i know the statistics that indicate southern backwardness . 
  that includes inequality , obesity , under eduction , homelessness , alcoholism , stds , lower hdi , lower gdp per capita , a almost non existent social safety net ... 
  there are certainly very extraordinary , productive southerners . . 
  it 's just that there are also much more very poor southerners and it is very large part due to bad policies . 
  were talking about inequalities that could be bridged by very modest improvements . 
  like nutritious school lunches ( good nourishment day after day , year after year takes a toll on obesity and chronic health problems ) but people down there * vehemently * oppose any effort by legislators to enact strict school lunch guidelines . 
  they also need to be taught evolution , sex ed and creationism should be banned in schools . 
  overtime these modest changes such as these ( there are thousands more ) greatly improve society . 
  and then at the national level , a large host of southern republicans in the legislature are doing serious damage to our long term economic prospects , our long term national human development progress , our military , our foreign policy , our global influence , our environmental policy , our democracy itself ( via blocking any attempt at campaign finance reform ) and then there 's the racism which is sometimes absurd . 
  go make friends with some white southerners ; it wo n't take long for them to blow you away with their racism . 
  ( obviously not all of them ) . 
  that 's another reason i wish reconstruction would have stuck around : the south could have undergone a similar cultural transformation that post-war germany went through where it becomes socially taboo to deny or minimize atrocities . 
  honestly the american south has a mentality that is akin to 2014 russia 's . 
  so , so much in common with vladimir putin 's russia . 
  ( and just like russia , it 's not all bad ),
