if we ever got to that point where the us could convince most of europe to invade because of turkey doing something fucked up i think they would . 
  but as it currently stands nobody would help the us invade turkey , you are right . 
  i asked for an example of americans saying it not an analogy . 
  actually i 'm responding to you twice because i want to tell you something i thought about that made me a little happy . 
  since the us has the role of hegemonic power , no matter what you do the us will affect your life . 
   and according to the american 's our violence rate is higher find me an example of americans claiming this claiming this . 
  while i hate to talk about lives like currency , comparatively he did n't do that much damage considering police stand out in the open unprotected . 
  the bosphorus is significantly more profitable and important than oil in the long run . 
  all we need is a little liberation of constantinople and give it to greece or bulgaria in exchange for having the protection of the us for the next 200 years . 
  it still makes me angry . 
  russia pays their soldiers less, 
  why do you think we are putting our troops on the border ? 
  lookup the tripwire method . 
  if any american troop is killed we will go to war with russia, 
  it 's definitely different from the us where the quality of the meat has nothing to do with what animal it comes from but how the meat is prepared and how the animal was raised . 
  people look at turkey as just a healthier alternative to chicken . 
  turkey is considered a low end meat ? 
  i just thought people considered it as just another option ? 
  two people with swords and knives in a crowd can fuck shit up, 
  it was probably there only so that when the countries initially joined the eu they could say `` look !, 
  if we do n't like it we can just leave if we want '', 
  did he have a picture of anders breivik ? 
  the best kind of accident, 
   every criminal was a law abiding citizen before they committed their first crime . 
  you literally just made an argument for every citizen being a criminal despite not having committed any crime . 
   a full auto ak is only around $ 400-500 dollars on the black market . 
  this is actually insane to me , i would think they would go for at least 5 grand . 
  there were a couple small scale battles occurring between the us and russian forces . 
  significantly more dangerous actually, 
  why does n't the eu allow people from south america to emigrate over in larger numbers ? 
  i know all about the cuban missile crisis because i 'm of cuban descent . 
  i also know that defending russia , especially as a european is absolutely retarded . 
  are you a communist or just a retarded contrarian ? 
  the cold war was actually pretty hot all things considered . 
   half no , half do not want a ban . 
  half want `` common sense '' gun control but nobody can agree what `` common sense '' is . 
  almost all of the school shootings can be attributed to some distressed kid that probably got bullied . 
  so yeah . 
  it happens all the time in the us . 
  look at the current rulers of 3 of the most powerful western nations , us , france and germany . 
  now are they left or right ? 
  ( it was islamic terrorism ), 
  not far right, 
  they are stupid when they only require a simple majority in order to change the constitution of any country ( which brexit in effect was ), 
   if shooting can be an olympic sport , jousting should too . 
  bro , you do n't shoot other people when shooting, 
   36 % of americans are ultra hardline republicans ? 
  yes actually , 36 % of america would vote for a chimp if he had an r next to his name . 
  polls did n't say brexit would n't happen polls said it was a tossup . 
  hillary has a consistent 3 point lead . 
  polling averages and trump is a dumbass . 
  hillary does n't even need to talk to the american public to win , she has n't had a press conference in almost a year . 
  it does n't matter , trump is so retarded the only people that will vote for him are ultra hardline republicans . 
  he is n't going to win so do n't worry about it guys . 
  it wont even be close . 
  they tortured the bear to the point where he is willing to say he is a rabbit . 
  would n't be surprised if they have already been removed . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible but they should have let him be tried for the crime in america . 
  he would have been in jail for the next 400 years . 
  you actually believe that ? 
  whatever , i 'm pretty lucky that erdogan succeeded because the next thing that will probably go is your internet and i wo n't have to hear your retarded arguments again . 
  enjoy the middle eastern islamist experience bud . 
  edit : shit you are bulgarian . 
  you should emigrate to turkey though . 
  you do n't even have evidence gulen is responsible !, 
  bud , we own your fucking jets . 
  if there was going to be a coup the first thing that would have happened was that your precious leader would have been disintegrated . 
  bin laden actively managed al qaeda , gulen is some old man who has n't been doing shit for years . 
  no but he is welcome to try . 
   bitch please , just tell me you ca n't think of something witty . 
  what even is this . 
  i admit , it 's hard to think of some witty insult for a country that 's only relevant when talking about levees . 
  no , but you are european and believe muslims should be let in despite seeing what happens in france . 
  frankly i 'll limit myself to shitting on you , your countrymen seem to understand what 's up . 
   shit on the netherlands then , would love to hear quality shitting . 
   i ca n't actually , the majority of people in your country agree with me that muslims should n't be allowed in . 
   i imagine you 're sitting on your front porch with a shotgun and a flag . . that 's the most redneck ` murican thing i 've heard . . you 're okay with crime because your government is n't being smart and restricting harmfull and dangerous things to you . . ok with crime ? 
  do you think gangs and suicides will stop because the government says guns are illegal . 
  america is the country of individualism and taking control of your own life . 
  that 's what it means to own a gun . 
  i understand people in europe ca n't trust themselves with such responsibility and i 'm fine with it , just keep it in your own tiny stagnant countries . 
   so you can criticise france but i ca n't criticise the us ? 
  did i ever say you could n't ? 
  i was criticizing france and your defense is that you are n't french . 
  tell me what your country is so i can shit on it . 
  since you want to claim that you are `` european '' then a criticism of the shitty eu policies of letting muslims in applies to you . 
  also yes , we have more gun deaths because we do n't like letting our government coddle us like children and tell us what we ca n't do or say . 
  i 'm sure we would have much less violence in the us if our government told us we could n't say certain things either but we treat our citizens like adults . 
  then criticisms of france apply to you just like criticisms of some inner city slum where the majority of crime occurs apply to me . 
  that 's what it means when you say you are part of a federation . 
  where are you from ? 
   also , it 's easier for them to come to europe than to the americas . 
  it has nothing to do with ease , you let them . 
  how easy is it to buy a truck in france ? 
  are you really trying to make this a pissing contest ? 
  people are dying in your country because you morons actually let in millions of people that want to kill you . 
  edit : i bet you are pro palestine too . 
  there is going to be a sick irony that your continent will get to experience what israelis have for the last few decades . 
  are you really talking about guns when you just had a guy with a gun drive a truck into a crowd in france and killed 70 people ? 
  our country is bigger than your continent , it 's statistically likely .
