  edit : also you morons are actually starting to catch up . 
  you can easily avoid gun violence in the us , not so much with terrorists that are specifically targeting cultural events . 
  it wont send every muslim back but every refugee is a start . 
  their culture and ideology is shit and does n't belong in any modern society . 
  a `` tiny '' minority . 
  look up the pew poll of `` progressive '' muslims in the developed world . 
  their religion and their beliefs are toxic , send them back to the middle east and quarantine the entire area . 
  who honestly gives a fuck if they are alienated ? 
  they are already killing us . 
  i wonder at what point people just stop reporting terror attack in france because they happen so often . 
  yep , the west really needs to be `` enriched '', 
  just fuck my shit up fam, 
  why even take the risk when there are millions in south america that you can help that will not try to blow you up . 
   why ? 
  because all of them are actually working and making a normal living , owning their shops and stuff . 
  they have no incentives to blow themselves up . 
  almost half do n't work  wasnt it the same when italians were migrating to the usa ? 
  i mean , we brought there mafia after all . 
  mafia did n't kill indiscriminately . 
  quarantine the middle east and let them figure their own shit out . 
  maybe in 200 years when we figure out how to preemptively stop someone from driving a truck into a crowd we will engage with their society again . 
   george kerevan , an mp for the snp , asked mrs may : `` can we cut to the chase ? 
  is she personally prepared to authorise a nuclear strike that can kill a hundred thousand innocent men , women and children ? '', 
   she replied : `` yes - and i have to say to you , the whole point of a deterrent is that our enemies need to know that we would be prepared to . '', 
   during her first commons speech since becoming pm , mrs may criticised jeremy corbyn 's opposition to maintaining the nuclear deterrent , and described it as a `` vital part of national security and defence for nearly half a century '' . 
  they dont even fucking work . 
  send boats to mexico if you want cheap labor . 
  there are people starving in venezuela too , go import them . 
  not the psychopaths that believe that your society is evil and want to kill you . 
  where is the asshole complaining about how people assume it 's refugees again ? 
   would like to point out to that the interests of major british corporations are not always in the interests of the working class . 
  where do you think your retirements are invested bud ? 
  what do you think they would be doing if the eu court ruled against them ? 
  let me give you a little spoiler , the eu wont be breaking up google . 
  everybody is fucking shit up so why not add a little more to the mix ? 
  just to keep things interesting , you know ? 
  i hope so much that google just pulls out of the eu . 
  i mean cmon , it 's 2016 . 
  agriculture , aviation ( space and jets ) , higher education and entertainment to name a few . 
  you speak as if software based businesses are the only sector where the us dominates with regards to entrepreneurship . 
  also i do n't consider seattle , austin , and new york to be part of silicon valley and they have a ton of software entrepreneurs . 
  the fact is that in most of europe businesses are treated as enemies that need to be reigned in while in the us businesses are seen as vehicles of progress . 
  it 's why when uber was released , even though it was illegal , laws changed to make it legal and the us transportation industry is better off because of it . 
  then why do you think it does ? 
  do you think google would * ever * consider basing itself out of france ? 
  what about uber ? 
  do you think any of those companies could ever have been created in france ? 
  france , one of the biggest economies in the eu , practically only exists as a powerhouse because of tourism and nostalgia . 
  the wine in california is better ffs . 
  the south china sea is absolutely critical for trade from the pacific to the atlantic . 
  ( it does ), 
   a ) still take years to complete . 
  brexit will take years to complete too  b ) not necessarily always be great deals the deal the majority of british seem to want is to have free trade without the free movement obligation . 
   certainly not as good as those that ( admittedly would have taken longer ) would have been achieved from withinside the eu . 
  nothing would have changed within the eu . 
  the eu wants to be a federation , this is not what the majority of british wanted . 
  they blamed france for `` marginalizing '' them http://newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/kyle-drennen/2016/07/15/nbc-cnn-blame-france-disenfranchisement-and-isolation-muslims/, 
  it 's significantly less than before . 
  a minority of any population is a lot , just not enough to matter . 
  when palestinians mourn jewish victims and condemn terrorists attacking israel on television instead of naming streets after them i will believe a two state solution is possible . 
  lmao who gives a shit if they hate you if they ca n't do anything about it ? 
  they are n't out to get you if you are n't fucking insane . 
  we need a good two syllable word for google splitting from the eu . 
  it would be dumb to demolish , this could become a tourist destination . 
  food waste is n't a problem , it 's a feature . 
  when there is famine you will all be happy that we had the extra food production capacity . 
  it 's only the broken glass fallacy if they did n't need the helicopters . 
  i was never advocating life without parole and i clearly stated that the excessive prison sentences from the us are wrong . 
  this guy should have been in jail for a couple months at least though . 
  even without nuclear strikes every modern war will be preceded with having a large barrage of missiles targeting every single production center in the country being attacked . 
  he licked her face while having a friend prevent passerbys from helping her . 
  wtf kind of behavior is this ? 
  except the next rape could have been prevented by him being locked in jail ( and actually being rehabilitated ) . 
  i guess you can go to his next victim and tell her yourself that he was rehabilitated right ? 
  in modern wars there is no such thing as a `` war economy '' . 
  modern wars end in a week . 
  the only things that matters is first strike capability . 
  this may change though once the us sets up a missile shield all over europe . 
  things like thaad and the use of lasers for blowing up moving projectiles seems like the future . 
  yep , do n't worry canada , we will just annex you when russia invades from the north . 
  the justice system in some european countries just seems way too lenient . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think there is more `` justice '' in the european way rather than the american way of just sentencing everyone to 15 years in prison , but things like this just show that there are still issues . 
  jail is n't just for rehabilitation , it 's also for keeping dangerous people separated from the general population . 
  there is no reason to believe that this person has learned anything from this process other than that he will get a slap on the wrist if he goes an sexually assaults women randomly . 
  the last 5 presidents did not do anything similar to what clinton has done regarding speeches . 
  why did hillary have a private server ? 
  what were in her speech transcripts that she refuses to release ? 
  why does she have private parties with noise cancelling tech for rich donors ? 
  why did she have burn bags ? 
  she is a two faced , victim shaming , corrupt politician who gave hundreds of one hour long `` speeches '' to the largest banks in wall street that paid more than most americans will make in 10 years . 
  she also refuses to honor her pledge to release those transcripts . 
  she put the lives intelligence operatives and the operations they participated in at risk and then lied about it blatantly on the national stage . 
  when she is called out on it she then deflects , blaming her staff . 
  her husband is a serial sex abuser and flew almost 21 times on a plane called lolita express . 
  she voted for the war in iraq . 
  up til 2008 she was also proudly against gay marriage equality . 
  what 's not to love about hillary right ? 
  i do n't know if china realize that they will probably force the us 's hand by trying to establish a trade deal with the uk . 
  both of which would undermine the eu ( which may be their goal ? ) . 
  i do n't see what a more united anglosphere gives them however .
