  - have them make friends for life in some sort of physical activity . 
  educate them . 
  - maybe even have them act out war ? 
  much more realistic . 
  oh wait , *** hahahaha *** that 's conscription . 
  seriously , people on / r/europe needs to stop acting as if conscription for sweden is something bad . 
  yes . 
  for the matter a fact we can . 
  during the late cold war we could field 700 000 personel and we could afford it . 
  and we do n't need a carrier . 
  we have a big fucking island in the middle of the baltic sea . 
  which nato has already told is is of their concern that we do n't defend it as we used to do . 
  the reason america has so much money is because they take lones constantly . 
  which does n't have to be bad . 
  almost all countries do that . 
  sweden hardly ever takes those lones . 
  yet we can still afford an army of 700 000 if we prioritize our money . 
  imagine how much better and more we could afford if we took loans ? 
  let alone our military loans which we have only take a few time . 
  there 's actually some debate about that . 
  the majority wanted it to stay , there 's always a majority that wants it to stay ( even now as op 's article mentions ) . 
  but what i mean with people wanting it to end . 
  is that the number grew slightly bigger , and so to apease to those people , which many in the ruling parties though was a trend growing , they voted to end it . 
  which is what i think happened . 
  but i may be very wrong . 
  yup . 
  we 're even working tighter these days and our armies are trying to get closer to each other . 
   ww1 and ww2 pretty much destroyed any romantic notion of warfare . 
  explain to me why sweden had one of the worlds best economies during the cold war , and still could field 700 000 of some of the worlds most technologically advanced and trained fighting force . 
   and a single bomber can take out your entire base . 
  i do n't think they had bombers and stuff like gvozdika or 2s7 pion 200 + mm batteries capable of ending 200 + persons per shell 110 years ago . 
  when was the last time sweden was in a real war ? 
  yeah , and a single rbs system can take out that bombed . 
  a field launch radar can detect were those field batteries are as soon as they fire . 
  and by the way . 
  do n't ever ask a foreign service veteran in sweden that question in such a tone . 
  that is fucking insulting and wrong . 
  and you know that . 
   french here , we said the same before wwii . 
  how did that turned out ? 
  yeah , who could have guessed an army fielding wwi material against a `` modern '' combat force would have gotten plowed . 
  especially when their leaders though building a wall was a great idea . 
   having stocks and having stock deployed to the frontline in battlefield conditions while under fire are 2 very , very different things . 
  yeah , i do n't think you understand . 
  sweden is not france . 
  we 're not as bad as you were during wwii . 
  and we 're not talking about wwii . 
  we 're talking about the cold war and and present time . 
   then assume one of your big neighbors is going to go full turkey and decide to backstab you in the mean time just because they can . 
  ah yes . 
  norway , finland and denmark all are eagerly waiting for the right moment when they can finally backstab sweden !! 1 !, 
  seriously . 
  you 're sounding like a kid making up a scenario for a plastic soldier war play session . 
   yeah right please tell me how to fight the russians / s why do n't you go free crimea champion oh do tell me about how great russia is in ukraine and how their main fighting force has been loosing ground ever since the beginning of that conflict . 
  ukraine was n't prepared . 
  yet they managed to do what they have done . 
  imagine if sweden re implemented conscription ( as they will in the coming few years ) and got ready for what can be coming . 
  like they were ready during the late cold war . 
  and then with the preparation of our alliance with finland to get completed . 
  do you seriously think russia or any one else for that matter can without major casualty and cost score even one third of our country ? 
  we just had three neighbors who got invaded during the second war and had loads of volunteers for just about every damn side in wwii . 
  it 's painfully obvious you know nothing about swedish military history nor anything about war for that matter . 
   ww1 and ww2 pretty much destroyed any romantic notion of warfare . 
  do you think this is about having a force for showing ? 
  are you dumb ? 
  you 're a fucking coward if you think this has anything to do with romanticized war . 
  this is about being ready for getting invaded . 
  and if you think that is `` foolish '' and `` romanticizing war '' . 
  then what do you suggest ? 
  getting drilled in your ass by a foreign power . 
  getting robbed of the rights you are used to . 
  forced to labour . 
  risking execution and suffering . 
  all that without even trying to defend your family and your fellow country men . 
  let alone yourself . 
  you 're lazy , ignorant and coward fuck if you think not doing anything and just standing by while your country gets taken by some one else is a good idea . 
  that 's not my experience . 
   war is all except cheap . 
  but of course , as russia figured out , why bother working on the economy when you can just have stronk / s totally not hyperbolic . 
  and activley trying to miss my point . 
  you argue like a twelve year old . 
  and a single bomber can take out your entire base . 
  i do n't think they had bombers and stuff like gvozdika or 2s7 pion 200 + mm batteries capable of ending 200 + persons per shell 110 years ago . 
  when was the last time sweden was in a real war ? 
  we 've been in conflicts ever since the early cold war . 
   french here , we said the same before wwii . 
  how did that turned out ? 
  having stocks and having stock deployed to the frontline in battlefield conditions while under fire are 2 very , very different things . 
  especially on something as large as a frontline let alone multiple ones . 
  then assume one of your big neighbors is going to go full turkey and decide to backstab you in the mean time just because they can . 
  ah , yeah i do n't trust your judgement . 
  you built a fucking wall as defense . 
   yeah right please tell me how to fight the russians / s why do n't you go free crimea champion why are you so incompetent ? 
  the ukrainian `` rebels '' has been losing major ground ever since the conflict started . 
  seriously , you know nothing about war and that is so pathetically obvious . 
  just stop it . 
  you have no idea what so ever about what you 're talking about . 
  you have no idea how war is performed . 
  you 're actively trying to miss my points . 
  you 're busted .
