  uh , no ? 
  note that when erdogan was prime minister , he was a different man than he is today . 
  oh those fuckers . 
  this was definitely staged to rally support for erdogan . 
  insane that people are downvoting you . 
  this has been a huge problem in europe and sweden criminalized going abroad to fight for other just a few months ago . 
  no , you fuck off . 
  sweden criminalized that just a few fucking months ago . 
  this has been a huge problem in europe you fuckwit . 
  erdogan `` cleaned house '' in the military a very few years ago . 
  seems like it worked . 
  now there are two outcomes of this ; the military stages a actual coup shortly after to calm the people down and get rid of this pest once and for all or lose the chance forever . 
  if not ? 
  there will be civil war in the matter of days . 
  the medicine does not need `` some regulation '' if it 's helping against cancer . 
  very bad thing . 
  that would mean an even more fucked up view against russia from turkey . 
  peoples voices does n't mater at all . 
  erdogan has the power . 
  the only islamic soldiers in the military are a bunch of the generals that erdogan put in place three years ago to minimize the chance of a successful coup . 
  the turkish military is like a secular cult almost . 
  always been always will be . 
  you know the red tomato grainy sauce that 's a bit spicy ? 
  ** e ** : https://kryddburken.files.wordpress.com/2007/05/maj07-438.jpg that stuff , not like heinz or felix chillisauce . 
  this one is outside of stockholm . 
  the other one was in the `` kings yard '' ( kungstr\u00e4dg\u00e5rden ) . 
  in other words , the other festival was in central stockholm . 
  that 's a load of bullshit . 
  because he is just that , a fucking politician . 
  i love him for what he does . 
  but i always realize seconds later . 
  he was n't elected by the people he posseses power over . 
  he needs to act like a politician and have god damn respect . 
  or just not enter the eea . 
  or just say no to the demands of the eu and not pay . 
  you and me both !, 
  no i got ta stand by and see nato preasure mambers into buying horrible crap from usa ( forr example ) instead of quality stuff from us . 
  that will just get worse if we join nato . 
   because the soviet union was a horrible dictatorial regime that means anyone who identifies with the left is a fascist ? 
  but a giant chunk of the left is faschist . 
  a good example of this is `` anti faschists '' in the various eu countries . 
  or heck , even the marxist parts of the cold war era ira . 
  oppressing people , killing people . 
  all in the name of their ideology . 
   yes , the eu is one of the greatest political achievements ever , i 'm very fond of it . 
  it 's invested a lot in my country and made it wealthy , as it has many other european nations . 
  thousands of years of war and within a few decades it managed to make europeans identify with each other and enjoy an unprecedented level of economic and cultural integration . 
  only racist and uneducated idiots like you would think it 's a bad thing or an insult to say that someone is fond of it . 
  you should fuck off out the eu as well , stop reaping the benefits of it , you hypocrite . 
  yeah , you sound more patriotic about eu than a damn nazi does about his country dude . 
   it 's invested a lot in my country and made it wealthy here 's a shocker for you , it did n't invest in all of us . 
  and we 're pissed about it . 
  you 're welcome for the money we gave you . 
   it managed to make europeans identify with each other i do n't identify with you , you damn fuckwit . 
  what makes you think such an absurd idea ?!, 
  you 're not me and i 'm not you . 
  your country is not mine and mine is not yours . 
   and enjoy an unprecedented level of economic and cultural integration . 
  each country themselves had to accomplish that . 
  some very lucky few got some help on the way . 
   only racist oh boy . 
    and uneducated idiots here it comes . 
     like you *** hey every body , i 'm racist for criticizing the eu and telling / u/oceanracoon to respect other peoples right to their opinion and to respect democracy *** !, 
   you should fuck off out the eu as well erh ... yeah . 
   stop reaping the benefits of it what about em ? 
  have n't hear a word of them since the eu lied about giving us any . 
  so far they 've just been fucking us in the ass . 
  we paid your benefits . 
  we made your economy great . 
  you benefited from the eu and now your greedy little ass is mad because you realized nobody wants to pay your expenses or protect you any more . 
  you should be grateful for what englands money has done for you . 
  you should be on your knees blowing all eu members . 
  but the least you can do is respect their opinion and respect democracy . 
  this is how it works . 
  you 're done for it . 
  i hope the ira does n't start fucking around now that they have an opportunity . 
  because i respect you having an opinion . 
  i respect you living and i respect democracy . 
  you should do the same to england and the rest of gb and all the leave voters . 
   it does not exert influence wow , dud , like , what , omg . 
  seriously though . 
  yes , nato has more influence than the eu does . 
  and one of the reasons they is because it is a military alliance which is mostly supported by american troops . 
  snap . 
  answer yes or no . 
  was the soviet union a open society flowering with free speech ? 
  you know the answer to that comment . 
  you should seek help for you mental illness . 
  you are way to attached to the thought of eu . 
  you 're even going through my comment history to that of ... two whole months ago . 
  you seem very fond of eu . 
  almost fanatic , like a nationalist . 
  you 're more ignorant than you think racists and neo-nazis are . 
  there are more people in the uk than just the one that voted to lave . 
  again , you 're a terrible person . 
  yup . 
  you 're definitely bluffing that one . 
  it 's like those people saying they will move to canada if trump wins . 
   all by themselves . 
  do n't even try that one .
