so you value life , liberty but not private property ? 
  you 're like two thirds of locke . 
  because i believe in left-libertarianism . 
   people if hungry will steal . 
  if the government isnt providing a minimum amount of sustainence to its poorest citizens then calamity will arise . 
  true , and true . 
   this legislation shirks the state 's responsibility and allows private businesses to pick up that burden . 
  this is also true . 
   i 'm not against this on a basis that people who steal should be subjected to draconian sentences . 
  i 'm against this on the basis that it undermines law and order . 
  now , that 's an entirely different matter . 
  in my opinion , the decision here is the only right decision because the person was hungry and they should n't be subject to punishment for trying to survive . 
   you can value both private property and human life . 
  or you can value only human life and liberty , like me . 
   you think governments should tell the starving `` yeah , just steal it 's fine . '' ? 
  no , of course not . 
  the government should start defending and helping its people . 
  but in this case , the court made the only right decision . 
  if you seriously value private property more than human life , then you might want to rethink your morals ... 
  the police should simply join the strikers . 
  now , that would be really interesting . 
  it 's a shame we ca n't experiment in sociology like they do in physics . 
  i have so many questions , dammit . 
  perhaps one day we 'll have computers that are so powerful they can simulate it all for us . 
  no problem !, 
  i agree , it truly is . 
  entertaining and educational . 
  i think there is a certain sweet spot - where the `` everyone knows each other '' no longer applies , but the population of the settlement is still small enough that people feel close and trust one another . 
  i would love to live in a society where i can leave the door unlocked and be confident that i wo n't get robbed . 
  yes . 
  in the beginning . 
  play to the end to see the point . 
  cities were a mistake ? 
  here 's a little game everyone should play - [ the evolution of trust ] ( http://ncase.me/trust/ ) . 
  why is europe so xenophobic ?? 
  that 's like saying that nationalism is a common issue among fascists . 
  it makes no sense . 
  it 's not an `` issue '' but a feature of the system . 
  oh , come on !, 
  i definitely did not need to know this ... 
  the amount of evil in the world boggles the mind . 
  this reminds me of my own sad country , where during a strike against fiat bloodsuckers , the government literally ignored the law and sided with the capitalists against its own people . 
   sure , you can be anti-capitalist , but again that 's not really the root cause of corruption in romania . 
  the person i originally responded to was n't talking about romania , through ...  it 's a mix of poverty ( which ` capitalism ' has been helping with ) , lack of transparency and oversight , weak judicial and public institutions , general mistrust of said public institutions , etc. 
  we have similar problems , thought our dictator was nowhere near as crazy as yours . 
   your rant about capitalism implied it . 
  stalin did nothing wrong , the kulaks deserved worse . 
  / s seriously though , why would me being anti-capitalist imply anything other than me being an anti-capitalist ? 
  and who exactly said that ? 
  i did n't . 
  nah , only in capitalism does the accumulation of capital become the prime mover of society , superseding all other considerations . 
  because the entire modern society revolves around money . 
   people need stress relief how about instead , we make it so that people do n't have to poison themselves to relax ? 
   and no , not all of us can become gym rats . 
  yes , you totally can . 
   also the international court of justice , in a 2010 advisory opinion , declared that unilateral declarations of independence were not illegal under international law . 
  which is hilarious if you think about it ...  if in next referendum on independence of catalonia `` yes '' wins , the parliament of catalonia will declare the independence , which will be legal under international law . 
  the powers of europe are on the side of spain . 
  europe ( sans slovakia , romania and greece ) will just hypocritically claim that somehow catalonian independence is illegal even though they did n't care about sovereignty and integrity of a un member when it did n't suit their interests . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  i am very grateful to all of you who responded . 
  thanks !, 
  how exactly did the netherlands become a nation of bicycles ? 
  wow , people are such bastards . 
  macedonian one is quite rad . 
  but who put the welsh dragon on the albanian flag ? 
  also , how come romania is communist ? 
  ours is shitty as hell . 
  slovenia and bosnia are great . 
  croatia ... why not make the checkers more prominent ? 
  kosovo albanians declared independence contrary to serbian constitution and law and half of the un recognized it anyway , contrary to its own resolution 1244 which claims that all members are commited to preserving our sovereignty and territorial integrity . 
  there 's a reason why spain refused to recognize the declaration . 
  on paper . 
  we could also say that we are not celebrating expulsion , murder and other crimes but `` our courageous defence of our homeland and national sovereignty against the western aggressors and terrorists '' . 
  there was no victory in reality . 
  we all lost . 
  we destroyed our society and each other . 
  why not ? 
  if we serbs celebrated the ethnic cleansing of kosovo , the west would go nuts . 
  did you not read the comment of the person to whom i was responding ? 
  ever heard about jokes ? 
  yes , i know that `` president '' is just a substitute for the king . 
  how about we do n't worship anyone ? 
  no one should `` symbolize the nation '' . 
  no one is above criticism , and nothing is sacred . 
  the tower of london is a physical reminder of the past . 
  tear it down and you will have lost a part of your history . 
  you do not need to have an actual welfare queen on your payroll to be reminded that you were once under a monarchy . 
  so , are they like trophies or something ? 
  eh , it 's your money . 
  dude , you have the best job in the world . 
  you do n't have to do anything in your life and you get to live on state welfare forever . 
  seriously , why are monarchs still around ? 
  at least the old absolute monarchs did something ... 
  what does `` trust '' mean ? 
  my government is headed by a de facto dictator surrounded by yes men . 
  i trust that he is more capable of screwing me and my nation over than his idiotic cronies in parliament . 
  he is a lying snake , but he is a * capable * lying snake , while they are just inept buffoons with giant salaries who basically do nothing of value . 
  the eu , well , they are also shameless opportunistic liars .
