  good . 
  am i a bad person if i think that slave traders deserve firing squads ? 
   ~ ~ i am suspicious that ~ ~ price fixing is quite widespread ~ ~ in industries with a few large companies . ~ ~ cable television , entertainment , food , airlines , mass media , pharmaceuticals , computer and software , cell phones , aluminum , steel , oil , gas and automobiles are all industries dominated by oligopolies . 
  ahh , damn . 
  that 's such a rookie mistake . 
  fixed , 
  it 's better to be overdramatic than to be dead . 
  this man 's party is responsible for vucic and everything he did and will do . 
  they are the ones who created the conditions for his rise . 
  they are the people who let corruption spread unchecked . 
  they are fundamentally no better than vucic . 
  it 's just that vucic is better than them in the art of social control . 
  we are not your `` friends '' . 
  if we were , your countries would not be endorsing and praising a de-facto dictator and his treasonous regime of plunders and yes-men . 
  just like in the times of the league of communists , every tenth citizen is a member of the ruling party . 
  back when we had the league , you needed to be a party member to reach the highest levels . 
  now you need to be a party member to become a janitor . 
  thank you europe !, 
  serbia . 
  except it already happened and the west does n't give a flying f. because the would-be dictator bends over whenever they ask . 
  every tenth serb is a member of the ruling party . 
  his majesty , president-prime minister controls the legislature and all the ministers and is surrounded by yes-men who would sell their mother for a promotion . 
  i have n't looked at the polls but charlie hebdo is a left-wing magazine . 
  ah , but it 's so much easier to blame us serbs for everything !, 
  how does one even start drinking , though ? 
  i was pressured by pretty much everyone to start , but i just could n't . 
  the stuff is absolutely diabolical . 
  a proud teetotaler here . 
  alcohol is downright disgusting and i have no idea why so many people drink the garbage . 
  hopefully . 
  japan is hilariously dystopian when it comes to this . 
  just take a quick look [ at this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salaryman ) . 
  negatively . 
  they are ruining domestic industry and making us dependent on them . 
  they ignore our laws with impunity and evade taxes like hell . 
  there is no such thing as a `` european '' . 
  maybe in a 100 years . 
  wait , what ? 
  serbia definitely disappeared from the map in 1459 , so that is 419 years until it reappeared in 1878 ( de jure independence ) . 
  and i was taking into the account the situation after kosovo in 1389 . 
  if serbia is considered to have `` fallen '' under turkish rule after kosovo , that is roughly five centuries ( 489 years ) . 
  i do n't think i ever went through a day in my life without using at least one turkish word . 
  it 's impossible . 
  we 've been a part of turkey for five centuries , with some brief interruptions . 
  it is to be expected . 
   also , the referendum is not `` binding '' only because the catalan government decides it is . 
  it is . 
  as we learned from kosovo , nothing in international law forbids unilateral declaration of independence . 
  if they vote yes , the only way for it to not be binding is for the spanish government to send in the army and depose the government of catalonia . 
  that one was just for show . 
  spanish courts ruled that a binding referendum is unconstitutional so catalonia changed it from a binding referendum to a non-binding one . 
  this time however , government of catalonia is dead serious and intends to ignore madrid . 
  if the result is positive , they will declare independence regardless of what spain says . 
  not sure who downvoted you . 
  as far as revenge and punishment go , one could totally argue that life without parole is worse than death ... 
  you mentioned footage and the op mentioned interference ... 
  fancy cgi , for example . 
  the accuracy of human attempts to identify real and fake imagery is declining . 
  one of the researchers from dartmouth college who investigated this said :  we expect that human observers will be able to continue to perform this task for a few years to come , but eventually we will have to refine existing techniques and develop new computational methods that can detect fine-grained image details that may not be identifiable by the human visual system and ...  as computer-generated images quickly become more realistic , it becomes increasingly difficult for untrained human observers to make this distinction between the virtual and the real ... 
  this can be problematic when a photograph is introduced into a court of law and the jury has to assess its authenticity . 
   any rate of failure is unacceptable . 
  why exactly ? 
  western countries routinely kill civilians while bombing terrorists and they keep doing it over and over again . 
  they call it `` just war '' and `` collateral damage '' . 
   how can you prove someone 's beyond rehabilitation ? 
  you can not . 
  no one in gotham can prove that joker is beyond rehabilitation . 
  but society as a whole has a right to defend itself from psychopaths , with lethal force if necessary . 
  take gary ridgway - the man who was convicted for murdering 48 people in cold blood . 
  i find it asinine that anyone would actually believe that we ought to allow such a monster to walk free . 
  and life imprisonment is merely allowing him to life of taxpayer money until death . 
   the death penalty , like life sentence , is a solution to nothing . 
  it 's just a final `` now we ai n't got ta deal with him no more '' how is that not a solution ? 
  it is a solution , just not a very nice one . 
  death penalty handed out to murderous psychopaths represents societal failure . 
  psychopathy is a brain disorder . 
  it is not justice , but necessity . 
   why do you support the death penalty ? 
  let me just say in the end that i do not really `` support '' it . 
  i would never allow my government to hand out the death penalty - they are inept buffoons . 
  i did not bring us anything good . 
  wonderful . 
  y' all can just continue killing yourselves as much as you want while we relax and chill . 
  seriously , i find gigantic populations and large cities disgusting , and real democracy is impossible when you have hundreds of millions of citizens . 
  serbs will die out in a hundred years if we do not increase our birth rates . 
  we are a small country , and i like this . 
  there should be no large population growth . 
  the ideal would be somewhere a little above the replacement rate . 
  birth rates are ultimately affected by both economics and culture . 
  out of five municipalities with the highest birth rates in my country , two are one of the richest and oldest parts of the capital , while the other three are all majority muslim . 
  social atomization ( what capitalists wrongly call `` individualism '' ) and rampant careerism imposed by capitalism devaluate parenting and childbearing and are ultimately to blame for sub-replacement fertility . 
  it makes sense that people who reject the culture of capitalism also have higher birth rates . 
  i was taught in school that the border between europe and asia goes like this : the urals , caspian sea , caucasus , black sea , propontis , aegean sea and then the mediterranean sea . 
  so all of them are kinda/barely european , at least according to my geography teacher . 
  yep . 
  we are number 2 , right behind america in per capita gun ownership . 
  they have roughly 113 guns per 100 people , while we have 58 guns per 100 people . 
  right behind us is yemen with 54 guns per 100 people . 
  it 's almost like holding a school drill in case there 's a zombie attack . 
  school shootings , here ?
