  if yes , report ; if no , do not report . 
  how does any of this affect whether or not france should go ahead ? 
  you seem to be talking about a completely different issue here . 
  put up a fence, 
  zoetermeer does not exist . 
  we do not talk about it . 
  * but football *, 
  all of it . 
  imagine the national football team . 
  or we could just retake new holland ? 
  is n't that basically what / u/mojuba said though ? 
  if russia had had a recent history of freedom , then it could have been different . 
  of course this would have required somehow stopping the oligarchs from taking over , but since we 're being hypothetical anyway ... 
  can we give them orange uniforms ? 
  you know , for old times sake, 
  well that 's what referenda are for , 
  wallonia with france , flanders with us , brussels as a european capital district . 
   what i think would be best is to advocate neutrality in these matters we tried that in 1939 , did n't work very well, 
  china has no interest in joining russia 's fights . 
  they would rather make as much money as they can from both sides . 
  but think of how our football team would improve !, 
  i read that as rotterdam initially , was very confused . 
  bit of a lame title , using dollars for something about europe . 
  judges are trained for years to not get swayed easily by emotions , unlike juries . 
  your point is moot . 
  the article does n't even mention sabotage, 
  most non-muslims do n't randomly attack jews ... 
  it 's not like orban and putin are any different , 
  that it 's old news . 
  this is an article from 4 days ago, 
  i think that would be political suicide , because you 'd be alienating the south from the north . 
  and you would n't have the 3 hour wait at the airport . 
  i have no problem with immigrants as long as they integrate and contribute to society . 
  oh god poor you, 
  who would even want to live in schiedam anyway, 
  he 's trying hard though, 
  throwing away perfectly good food * is * hurting others . 
  we 'd need a military for that, 
  philips heineken akzonobel, 
  shut up , neighbours is great . 
  good luck occupying one of the world 's most important naval bases . 
  the rule of when you add a t or a d to a verb . 
  if the last letter of the verb is in the phrase '' ' t kofschip '' then you need a t , otherwise a d. 
  until you get to ' t kofschip , which most dutch people do n't even understand . 
  i wonder where that stereotype came from, 
  calm down there adolf, 
  depends whom you ask , 
  congratulations lithuania !, 
  thanks !, 
  translated :  ** wednesday 23 july day of national mourning **  ** prime minister mark rutte has declared wednesday 23 july to be a day of national mourning . 
  it is the day the first victims of the disaster of flight mh17 arrive in eindhoven . 
  **  this was [ announced ] ( http://www.rijksoverheid.nl/ministeries/venj/nieuws/2014/07/22/woensdag-23-juli-dag-van-nationale-rouw.html ) by the ministry of safety and justice on tuesday evening . 
   they will arrive at eindhoven air base . 
  there , next of kin , king willem-alexander , queen m\u00e1xima , prime minister rutte and vice prime minister asscher will be present . 
   it is expected that two military aircraft will land around 16:00 . 
  after the landing , a minute of silence will be conducted . 
  `` anyone can join in with this '' , the ministry of safety and justice stated on tuesday . 
   all government buildings will fly their flags at half-mast and at varying moments through the day , the bells will chime . 
   the last time a day of national mourning was declared in the netherlands was at the death of queen wilhelmina in 1962 . 
  * i was a bit liberal with my translation , i hope nobody minds . 
  * edit : of course they start editing the article right after i put a translation up . 
  thanks , nu.nl . 
  what on earth are you rambling on about ? 
  no , america uses different excuses to unlawfully invade others . 
  why not both, 
  that 's true , i was just being a bit pedantic , 
  it 's not xenophobia if they 're from your own country, 
  oh yes , a union of states is divisive . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  they are not italian though , they are still swiss, 
  but how many countries have 2 uefa and 1 fifa cup * in succession * ? 
  ( not that 2010 ever happened ), 
  i do n't think * anyone * had predicted what happened today, 
  spain and uruguay stand much better chances . 
  there 's also the outsiders : belgium , chile , england . 
  i really doubt we 'll get far . 
  hahahahahahaha sorry bro but i doubt we 're going to beat anyone even in our poule , let alone become nr 4 . 
  edit : well we beat spain 5-1 , i 've never been this happy to be wrong, 
  i refuse to think of dragostea din tei as a `` bad song '', 
  1 ) uruguay 2 ) brazil 3 ) germany 4 ) italy i just really want to see spain lose , 
  it is the government 's job to look after the people - if this stops people smoking then that 's good, 
  are you referring to yeltsin or medvedev ? 
  yay we are relevant, 
  they never chose to leave ukraine, 
  why, 
  the far right 's wet dream, 
  what a shitty , shitty map . 
  they have no idea what occupation even means . 
  ... finland does n't border germany, 
  that story about the window is also told about newton during his year as a parlementarian in england . 
  you can vote for multiple candidates in luxembourg ? 
  edit : never mind , saw your comment below . 
  interesting !, 
  please no, 
  so when are you guys rejoining us ? 
  not all far-left parties are communist . 
  some are anarchist . 
  let 's not vote , then nobody will hear us !, 
  all europe must bow to the might of the amsterdam pact , comrade !, 
  nobody knows .
