  makes no sense . 
  just because a is worse than b that does n't mean b ca n't be bad too . 
  so we should be fine with putin marching his troops into territories right on our borders just like that ? 
   cleptocrats what a beautiful way to describe them, 
  at least he could lead the charge himself , being klitschko, 
  yes , we are allies after all . 
  many of those ukrainians speak russian though, 
  what are you even trying to say, 
  putin should n't get his way by bullying, 
  russia has a big military , albania does n't . 
  no , all involved parties are to blame, 
  it 's a dangerous precedent, 
  we need more union . 
  a united military would be more effective and cheaper . 
  a united currency , with way more control to prevent countries like greece from shitting over it . 
  it 's actually an exclave , 
  neither is fair , that 's what compromises are for . 
  because tyranny of the majority : just because 60 % of people want something that does n't make it fair for the other 40 % to suffer under it . 
  your username is chillingly relevant, 
  thanks for posting it like this, 
  yes , according to the english-language article posted below , it 's more of a declaration of independence from the yanukovych regime than from ukraine itself . 
  translated by me : lviv members of the regional parliament of the west-ukrainian city lviv have , according to themselves , declared independence from the central government in kiev . 
  de governor of the region has been removed from his office and a special parliamentary committee has been formed to take over the duties of the regional government . 
  this was said by the spokeswoman of parliamentary president petro kolodij . 
  many people in the region of ca . 
  2.5 million inhabitants on the polish border are strong opponents of the government of president viktor yanukovych in kiev . 
  the far-right opposition party svoboda ( freedom ) does well in the area . 
  comes from lviv . 
  no , it 's a reference to the dardanelles campaign where many australians and new zealanders fought . 
   the government wants to reduce the number of provinces from 12 to 7 . 
  i like the way this is worded . 
  sounds like we 're putting 5 of them on sale :p, 
  they 're over now , 
  the ancient greeks ? 
  which ones ? 
  you suggested annexing part of ukraine . 
  you are the one who 's apeshit . 
  if russia goes full on hitler and starts annexing their neighbours i doubt europe , the us , and china will be stop at that . 
   if you display too much of your sexual orientation what does that even mean i also find it hilarious that you equate russia with the ussr on positive things but not negative ones . 
  funny how you kept answering other questions but not these ones . 
  you 'll annex part of ukraine just like that , and you expect the rest of the world to be fine with that ? 
  that is also what hitler said about the sudetenland , and we all know how that worked out . 
  thanks for the information , 
  so right now their prime minister is n't legally allowed to marry ? 
  i 'll put it in the first post, 
  his video about the netherlands was full of errors . 
  edit : this is part of a message i sent him when the video came out . 
  most of these are fairly minor but there 's a couple big ones ( especially the eu thing bothered me ) . 
  * when the pennsylvania dutch left europe , german and dutch were still one language ( diets ) , so saying their language descended from german is sort-of-technically-correct but not really . 
  edit : this is apparently not completely true . 
  you learn something new every day  * the caribbean island countries are not part of the eu : `` aruba is designated as a member of the overseas countries and territories ( oct ) and is thus officially not a part of the european union , though aruba can and does receive support from the european development fund '' ( wikipedia ) . 
  * the \u00e7 in cura\u00e7ao ( a portuguese name ) is pronounced as an s , not as a k * the caribbean was colonised not by the voc but by the wic . 
  * the caribbean islands are not special cities , they 're special municipalities with their own cities inside their borders . 
  these are also not part of the eu . 
  * `` nederlands sprekende nederlanders in nederland '' = = `` dutch speaking dutch ( men ) in the netherlands '' . 
  you 're using a participle where you should n't - kind of odd considering you got it right with germany . 
  i love how you slipped back into scandinavian mode for a second , `` icelandic og swedish '', 
  everyone always says that but in my experience most people only know a tiny bit of english . 
  honestly ? 
  i just played a ton of runescape as a kid . 
  in my entire school career i only had one good english teacher . 
  declare war on america for having wmds . 
  spend rest of money on stones to throw at enemies during ww4 . 
  i thiiiiiink you might need to pay more attention in your history classes, 
  would n't that be $ 1.90 ? 
  just like a 1\u03bc5 capacitor has a capacity of 1.5 microfarad, 
  it is , that 's what the court ruled . 
  i 'm sorry what is this `` dutch military '' you speak of ? 
  i have no idea who bram moolenaar is . 
  do you mean [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bram_moolenaar ) ? 
  van rossum ... meh , python 's pretty neat , but i 've never really been a fan of that kind of languages . 
  also dutch missiles are being sent to southern turkey . 
  i have had a grudge against lorentz ever since i had to study lorentz transformations at uni , that 's why i left him out . 
  yeah i meant 20 . 
  i think antoni deserves it more than multatuli , but multatuli was more influential for our country instead of the entire world . 
  de ruyter and william deserve to be up there , they shaped our country . 
  i 've never been a fan of his work and i do n't think he was nearly as inportant as those others . 
  you 're the only stupid one in this thread . 
  * evilness is subjective * . 
  there are no absolutes . 
  marx thought he was doing the right thing but so did hitler . 
  i 'm not saying i think marx is as evil as hitler ( as far as hitler was evil at all and not just a lunatic ) , i 'm saying that whether or not someone is more evil than someone else is entirely subjective . 
  your point was that marx was the `` good guy '' and hitler was not . 
  hitler did think he was the good guy though . 
  dutch : $ 5 : most of my countrymen will disagree , but louis ( lodewijk ) napoleon . 
  he was installed as king of holland by his brother in 1806 and led the country for four years before being deposed by his brother for having become too dutch . 
  he secretly came back in the 1840s to see ` his ' country one more time before his death - when he was recognised people cheered and saluted him . 
  $ 10 : spinoza . 
  a great philosopher . 
  only 10 because he was n't really dutch , ethnically . 
  $ 25 : antoni van leeuwenhoek or multatuli : the former invented the microscope , the latter wrote * max havelaar * and has had a strong influene on dutch politics since the 1860s . 
  ca n't really decide . 
  $ 50 : the huygens family . 
  constantijn , christiaan and constantijn jr. 
  some of the greatest people our country has produced - poets , scientists and philosophers all in one . 
  $ 100 : michiel de ruyter : one of our greatest and most famous admirals . 
  $ 200 : desiderius erasmus : probably our most famous and influential philosopher ever $ 500 : william of orange . 
  ( the one that fought the spaniards , not the one who invaded britain ), 
  well hitler did * think * he was doing the right thing ... 
   that we have created in all cases all cases ?
