  brussels is mostly francophone , but not part of wallonia . 
  it might as well become a sort of european federal district . 
  never !, 
  flanders should rejoin us, 
  what else ? 
  war like back in the day ? 
  thanks but i 'll pass . 
  many people have multiple bicycles for various reasons . 
  i for one have one at home and in the city i study in - i use the train to travel between the two so i need a bike in both places . 
  i was just clarifying because so many people confuse the two . 
  you do n't have to be a cunt , my english is fine . 
  roma ! = romanians, 
  no that 's sochi, 
  realities like the napoleonic wars where france conquered almost all of europe ? 
  or like ww1 where they held back the germans for four years ? 
  i do n't even own any wooden shoes, 
  for israel ? 
  i doubt it . 
  he 's pro-israel , sure , but why would israel want us to leave the eu ? 
  i 'd be more inclined to believe that he gets support from russia , but i have n't seen concrete evidence of that yet . 
  for israel ? 
  i doubt it . 
  he 's pro-israel , sure , but why would israel want us to leave the eu ? 
  i 'd be more inclined to believe that he gets support from russia , but i have n't seen concrete evidence of that yet . 
  he wants to create a european network of cooperation between parties , to destroy the european network of cooperation between countries . 
  okay ... 
  the hague ofc, 
  for normal countries , sure . 
  for russia , not so much . 
  you should n't kill men either, 
  why stay away from women only ? 
  when one says `` russia is an enemy '' it refers to the government , not the people . 
  the ukrainian rada voted for him to become interim president . 
  who cares ? 
  judging from his media appearances over the past few months , snowden is little more than a russian puppet . 
  / r/mur - i mean , / r/nordvei !, 
  i feel left out, 
  `` country '', 
  tony blair : ' i want to be relevant again ', 
  it is you, 
  but the populations of the various us states are way less different than those of nations in europe . 
  yes, 
  mid-atlantic ? 
  do you mean st helena or something or am i just really confused ? 
  there is a distinction , but not very consequently used . 
  neef/nicht = cousin neefje/nichtje = nephew/niece the latter are just diminutives of the former . 
  this gives issues of course when eg your nephew is older than you , or your cousin much younger than you . 
  but in most cases * some * distinction can be made . 
  cousin = son/daughter of your uncle/aunt nephew = son of your sibling niece = daughter of your sibling we do have neef vs neefje though ( nicht vs nichtje ), 
  morocco is n't in the au, 
  right sector has been putin 's excuse from day one . 
  removing them could remove any shred of legitimacy russia has . 
  i 'd rather retire at 70 in a free country than at 60 in russia, 
  do n't need a helmet if everything is flat . 
  force ? 
  belarus is a russian puppet, 
  shh nobody knows about them ... 
  i honesty did n't expect this . 
  i thought they would focus on eastern ukraine first , perhaps annexing belarus ( that would be little more than a formality anyway , but it would definitely annoy the west ) . 
  well finland is in the eu , so if there were no action that would be the end of the eu . 
  translated : `` transnistria seeks connection with russia . 
  not only crimea , but also the obscure east-european area of transnistria may wish to join russia . 
  russian media reported this on tuesday . 
  the president of the transnistrian parliament is said to have asked the russian duma to consider a law which would allow transnistria to join russia . 
  transnistria is a de facto independent , but internationally not recognised east-european ministate . 
  it has declared independence from moldova . 
  a minority of the over half a million inhabitants is of russian origins . '', 
  why, 
  i imagine the estonians regret not encouraging that now . 
  there are also q-liners in the west . 
  i am sitting in one from zoetermeer to leiden right now . 
  have you ever even been here ? 
  sure , most people know how to say who they are in english , but for most that 's about it . 
  and how many people speak frisian outside of friesland ? 
  the netherlands are bilingual ? 
  too slow for mr putin, 
  yeah i 'm sure as hell not going to download anything from that website, 
  were those dumb faces really necessary, 
  i have to say , i 'm impressed at how she dodged the far-right question . 
  it 's not about defeating the russians , it 's about annoying them so much that they give up . 
  i take great offense at that question mark, 
  basically `` you 're being mean and we wo n't play with you any more '', 
  actual sanctions instead of just threats, 
  ca n't wait to hear how much he condemns it and nothing else, 
  of course, 
  it also does n't mean that his opinion is any more important than any other 's . 
   this is n't the cold war anymore well russia is certainly behaving like it is, 
  be wise , take your political advice from an actor . 
  russia not expanding its sphere of influence is already an interest for the americans, 
  i would pay to see that . 
  i would rather see europe independent of america , sure , but really ? 
  of all the great powers in the world , they 're the least bad . 
  ironically the states clinging onto their `` sovereignty '' are the ones who will cause us all to be crushed under russian boots . 
  i think i just fell in love with you, 
  colonialism was wrong . 
  the current western governments did not participate in colonialism , their predecessors did ; even so , they have continually apologised for their ancestors ' actions . 
  that is a horrible comparison . 
  the falklands are british according to a treaty , they are inhabited only by british people . 
  crimea has been part of ukraine for half a century , it is inhabited by many ukrainians and tatars . 
  your comparison with french , american and british overseas holdings is very weak - there have been many referenda in these regions where people voted to stay within their motherlands * and * the motherlands ' sovereignty over those regions is internationally recognised , a very large difference with russia and the crimea .
