medvedev and putin are one and the same, 
  you are saying it like those are the only two options : yeltsin or putin . 
  we should , too, 
  candy ofc, 
  soon it will be time for surprise aansluiting , 
  the flemish are closer than brothers though are n't they ? 
  they 're basically dutch . 
  will be a bit tricky for cypriots and maltesers though ... 
  germany is our big brother, 
  holland, 
  the tf2 one, 
  you have clearly never been to zoetermeer, 
  i 'd nationalise the ns and prorail . 
  the current system is obviously not working , and i do not trust companies like arriva , connexxion or veolia to do it . 
  their track records on their provincial lines are hardly better . 
  raise concerns over the rights of dutch speakers in belgium , 
  ## mh17 victim found with oxygen mask on ** at least one of the mh17 victims had enough time to put their oxygen mask on . 
  ** foreign minister frans timmermans ( pvda/labour ) said this on wednesday night on the talk show * pauw * . 
  timmermans replied to the question whether the passengers on the plane , which was shot down over ukraine , had had the time to be aware of what had happened . 
  `` you are aware that someone was found with their oxygen mask on ? '', 
  replied timmermans . 
  timmermans also said that the air crash has changed his life forever . 
  `` there are points in your life about which you say : this was before it , that was after it '' , said the emotional timmermans . 
  the politician also said that he was `` incredibly proud of how the dutch population handled the tragedy . '', 
  according to him , the netherlands also got great international appreciation for their attitude with regards to the events . 
  according to timmermans , the cabinet is `` not yet done '' with the disaster . 
  `` we shall not rest until we have done everything to get the last remains back to the netherlands . '', 
  i 'm not saying israel is the nicest country around , but you 're only making your point look ridiculous by comparing it to the nazis . 
  disgusting , absolutely horrible . 
  my thoughts go out to his family and friends . 
  hey let 's take some pictures out of context and compare it to the nazis, 
  that argument is rubbish because your religion would be oppressing others too . 
  it is incomparable . 
  alright , fair enough, 
  neither argentina nor is is in europe , why do you post this here, 
  finally, 
   anglozionist empire lol, 
  the islamic state is not in europe and neither is nyc, 
  normal crime is already being fought , it just happens so much that it does n't get put in the news . 
  it says you need to ask for permission to see the results, 
   we 've still got to see what westminster is going to do exactly . 
  exactly , so give them the time to prove themselves before calling them tricksters and liars . 
  scottish referendum : alex salmond is a sore loser, 
  there 's a good euroskepticism joke in there, 
  when i got that reply in my inbox , i read the first line and thought `` well i did n't think i 'd ever get porn spam on reddit '' . 
  us too , at number 24, 
  new zealand . 
  literally on the opposite side of the world . 
  close to us in culture and history . 
  would be good to reunite them with the original zeeland too . 
  and they speak spanish, 
  too controversial ? 
  no love for tierra del fuego ? 
  or kaliningrad for that matter ? 
  i do n't know much about south tyrol . 
  do people there want to become independent or become part of austria ? 
  is n't it 17 already nowadays ? 
  to be fair it * is * in america 's interest to keep europe weak and divided . 
  but that is just as much in russia 's interest as well . 
  * is n't it annoying to do everything in two languages ? 
  i think 1988 would improve it more, 
  i agree , how ** dare ** ukraine get invaded, 
  i 'm really glad timmermans got such a high post . 
  it will be interesting to have an italian high representative considering italian-russian relations seem to be pretty solid . 
  is n't the city of london the only thing your government even cares about ? 
  it 's so dumb . 
  this is obviously not state propaganda because other tv networks showed the entire thing . 
  it 's just some idiot at the nos thinking he can get away with this . 
  idiots . 
  shut up shill, 
  obama is not a strong leader . 
  clinton was not a strong leader . 
  there is a lot wrong with the us , but not that . 
  and then what will stop our enemies from nuking us ? 
  whataboutism, 
  is n't the entire point of us getting nukes that we will be able to deter others with nukes ? 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  no but in english you can , which is why i assume the guy is doing it in english, 
  we use this trema in dutch to denote the start of a new syllable if you could otherwise read it wrong . 
  why did you say it in german too ? 
  damn poles are even taking our criminals ' jobs, 
  i never denied this, 
   it 's not easy getting a referendum when your government is corrupt . 
  hence the need for international support . 
  obviously the rebels wo n't hold a fair referendum , but i do n't see ukraine being honest enough to organise a fair referendum either . 
  they are using violence to impose their will on the rest of the population . 
  i do not support that . 
  if there were a fair , internationally mandated referendum however , i would support its outcome . 
  `` there are too many countries '' surely is n't serious ? 
  maybe there 's a lot of countries there because there 's a lot of different peoples there ? 
  no country has , or * should have * , the right to oppress its citizens . 
  kosovo has a right to be independent if that is what its people want , so yes . 
  thanks !, 
  who are the characters in that video ? 
  ( apart from cameron ), 
  ca n't say i disagree, 
  muslim population = house fire . 
  of course you as an anarchist would say that . 
  do you have anything to back it up with ? 
  when to report : - is someone doing something illegal ?
