  the ussr has made imo some horrible damages in afghanistan , czechoslovakia and hungary . 
  then why is platini leading uefa ? 
  would it ? 
  platini does in uefa pretty much exactly what blatter does in fifa . 
  by all means we need to stop corruption , but leaving one devil for another is not the way to do it . 
  platini , the head of uefa , is one of the biggest proponents of qatar 2022, 
  can we come too ? 
  bicycle bros, 
  2/3 ai n't bad, 
  you can compare two things without saying they 're equal , you know, 
   any attacks oh really ? 
  what about the terrorist cells that were rolled up in belgium last year ? 
  how about the terrorist cell that was rolled up in morocco and the netherlands just a few weeks ago ? 
  might be the dialect . 
  `` eetgerei '' stops right after you make the `` ei '' sound , whereas `` bakkerij '' goes on for a bit longer ; you hear the j sound . 
  well `` ij '' is a longer sound than `` ei '' , like `` aa '' and `` a '', 
  it would make transporting little green men a lot easier though, 
  what if there 's a psycho in the tower ... ? 
  easier to deal with maybe , but flying a plane with 150 people from a tower kilometers away is a bit scary, 
  i never said they were accurate stereotypes , 
  maybe include uefa as well ? 
  and eurovision while you 're at it, 
  it 's all about them stereotypes though, 
  russia did attack georgia in 2008 . 
  georgia provoked them , sure , but it was still an attack . 
  ** amsterdam de toppers were approached in 2009 to rig televoting in eurovision . 
  the offer was apparently done by `` an eastern european party '' . 
  ** toppers manager benno de leeuw says this today in an episode of brandpunt . 
  de leeuw made an appointment with an eastern european man at the time , who explained how one can rig televoting systems with mass text messages . 
  when asked how much this would cost , de leeuw replies `` you 're talking about a worldwide event : i think you 'd be talking about a few millions . '', 
  whether de toppers , at the time consisting of gordon , ren\u00e9 froger and jeroen van der boom , were told about the offer is unclear . 
  de leeuw claims it was not discussed , while gordon and jeroen van der boom say it * was * discussed but immediately rejected . 
  ren\u00e9 froger refused to comment . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  i 've heard of several attacks in china in the past few years , so i do n't think lack of media coverage is the reason for it . 
  give me a list of mass knife killings in either of those countries half as long as the list of shootings in the usa then, 
  then where 's all the school shootings in china and india ? 
  you mean to say they do n't watch gtst all around the world ? 
   something happens in a country that is n't the us  have to immediately compare it to the us, 
  that only goes for norway , not the other nordics, 
  why is it so unsustainable ? 
  and rutte never changes his mind, 
  we have the technology , we do not have the education, 
  what if they did the attack just to make the poll more interesting ??? 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  netherlands - heineken or philips, 
  the state ca n't break the law to prevent someone else doing it, 
  you can never be 100 % safe , but every terrorist captured is one less on the street . 
  no , everything is about the us , belgium is irrelevant / s, 
  just keep sending friend requests , i 'm sure ( s ) he 'll accidentally accept one of them , 
  i agree , fourth reich sounds much better than european union / s, 
  not as open as our league which has no defenders, 
   medecins sans frontieres is involved and is setting up a vaccination campaign together with the france governement . 
  so not only do we have a bunch of refugees coming over here , they 'll all be autistic as well ? 
  thanks , msf . 
  if we can survive the nazis , we can survive a few immigrants, 
  sounds like a good plan !, 
  and afterwards , we can anschluss you guys as well , 
  put a \\ \\ in front of a \\* to prevent it making the text * italic *, 
  shh, 
  hey , we might put letters in weird orders , but at least we do n't put weird stuff over/under/into them, 
  whataboutism is when you justify one 's misbehaviour with another 's . 
  pointing out that * both * sides are wrong is the opposite of whataboutism . 
  it might not be a major risk but it is a * scary * one . 
  it 's like plane crashes - you 're more likely to die by a thousand other things , but a plane crash feels much scarier , so people care much more about it . 
  same with terrorism . 
  statements are actions, 
  but germany lost because of the mighty american army intervening in world war one right ?? 
  petroleum fans ? 
  poor thing :(, 
  but they were n't necessarily trained for this particular attack, 
  * shivers *, 
  do you guys use bol.com ? 
  it 's pretty big here but i have no idea if it 's popular in the south . 
  judges are not part of the government, 
  the metro stops at meijersplein and then there 's a shuttle bus to the airport, 
  just a few more years of expansion and we 'll be in england, 
  i love seeing this picture because of fucking maasdriel, 
   hoover was a disaster that thought the government should n't do anything . 
  did he ever climb mount everest ? 
  not all murderers are equal, 
   we 're the future  you 're future your *, 
  had expected marco borsato, 
  as it 's spelled, 
  but the european aid was what turned the tide against gaddafi . 
  do n't forget his army was at the edge of benghazi before european jets came in . 
  it 's a shitty clone of arxiv made by people who are angry that you need a referral to post on arxiv . 
  it has some of the dumbest '' '' '' '' `` theories '' '' '' '' '' i 've ever read . 
  metro seats are private property of the metro company though . 
  park benches are already fair game for pidgeons so that 's no problem . 
  why would you put lines at 40 % and 60 % rather than one at 50 % ? 
  mediocracy is better because it sounds more like mediocrity , 
   i think the uk eurosceptics is ( were ? ), 
  a different breed . 
  not really caring about political reality but ideologically predetermined to unravel or cripple the eu from the inside . 
  many of those here too, 
  read ? 
  yes . 
  well that 's settled that then . 
  any other global issues you 'd like to solve ?
