  i truly hope it does n't come to war or conflict , but i guess it would be important to know . 
  exactly . 
  almost a quarter of the population of crimea is ukrainian . 
  also well done for pointing out just how ramped up the rhetoric and propaganda is surrounding this issue . 
  i do n't believe increasing or decreasing exports represents a shift towards a planned economy . 
  spain and ireland have moved from a significant current account deficit to a surplus in a few years . 
  portugal and italy have also made very good progress at reducing their surpluses towards the thresholds established by the commission ( both are now under the 4 percent deficit threshold ) . 
  since these countries can no longer use monetary policy to correct their deficits , this has meant they have had to use fiscal policy to do so . 
  likewise the core countries have the same option to reduce their surpluses towards the thresholds established by the commission . 
  but based on dijsselbloem 's comments , they are n't interested in doing so . 
  firstly , the commission has a threshold for surpluses of 6 percent of gdp over three years , which the netherlands appears to be in breach of ( or at least is likely to be once it is updated for last year ) . 
  at present this threshold does n't distinguish between smaller and larger economies of the eurozone , which would perhaps give the different economies of the eurozone some leeway . 
  secondly , as it is a big exporting power sharing a currency with diverse economies , when germany exports outside the eurozone ( such as to the emerging markets you mention ) , it benefits from a significantly undervalued currency . 
  this is an added advantage to germany 's already strong manufacturing industry and its ability to curb real wages . 
  but now that the peripheral countries are focusing on exports ( both ireland and spain now have small surpluses ) , the euro is likely to appreciate and thereby [ squeeze the less competitive countries all over again . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/b3faf9b0-2489-11e3-8905-00144feab7de.html#axzz2mzvsepin ) it would be unfair to single out germany for this , as the same could be said for the other eurozone countries that have surpluses in excess of six percent . 
  if any of these countries still had their own currencies , they would appreciate in the face of such strong exports . 
  thirdly , i do n't think critics of germany 's surplus want to reduce exports from the eurozone , but rather that exports come from across the eurozone as a whole . 
  [ the argument made by the belgian economist de grauwe ] ( http://www.social-europe.eu/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ebook.pdf ) is that reduced surpluses in the core countries would stimulate aggregate demand across the eurozone as a whole and also make it easier for these countries to export to emerging markets . 
  but i really do think that these countries are entitled to export as much as they like once they import enough to fall within the thresholds established by the commission . 
  as barroso said last year :  `` if there is a country that has been insisting on the need to be objective , to respect the rules , it is precisely germany . '', 
  that 's a pretty convenient thing for dijsselbloem to say . 
  if germany were to have to curtail its surplus ( even to within the commission 's thresholds ) , than that would lead to other countries having to do the same . 
  his own country 's current account surplus is even larger than germany 's as a percentage of gdp . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/netherlands/current-account-to-gdp ), 
  excuse me but it is pretty clear that rt [ does not allow criticism of the putin administration , ] ( http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1p2-25894292.html ) which among other things , sets it apart from cnn and imposes major censorship on public debate . 
  just to compare , in the face of natural ( or man made ) disasters , politicians in both the us and uk have had criticism for the way they responded ( such as acting too slowly ) repeated on the national broadcasters . 
  for example , that was the case with regards the floods in the uk and the launch of the obamacare website . 
  if you 're not going to allow criticism of putin as rt does then you are ignoring his role in many abuses in russia ( or ones that happened under his mandate ) , from the human rights abuses in chechnya to the large corruption in the country . 
  i feel sympathy for whoever is caught up or is a victim of violence . 
  but i will say that this footage appears to show only what the protesters were doing , not the riot and paramilitary side at all . 
  yes and no . 
  there is some debate on how the [ neutral member states fit into the eu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutrality ) , the irish government has insisted that it is not bound by any mutual defence guarantee . 
  that said , it also says it is committed the common security and defence policy . 
  true , but sometimes it is important that the referendums are based are based on a reasoned debate and the facts . 
  the first time the lisbon treaty was put to the vote in ireland it was rejected partially because the `` no '' camp said it would result in abortion on demand , our minimum wage being reduced to $ 1.84 per hour and remove our neutrality . 
  under those circumstances , i think it was right to call for a rerun of the referendum . 
  ** edit ** corrected the minimum wage figure . 
  exactly , she is only one mep , out of 766 others , making a stupid comment . 
  but more importantly she is not even a party leader , nor a member of a parliamentary group , nor even a holder of one of the elected roles in the parliament such as the president or vice-presidents . 
  sadly , i 'm sure you could find plenty of stupid , outrageous or even racist comments from elected representatives in my own country 's parliament . 
  firstly , it may not be a competency of the eu , but the troika of the eu , ecb and imf oversaw the bailout programme in spain with the accompanying austerity programme . 
  secondly , the commission now oversees member state budgets ( and can make suggestions to them ) , but has been reluctant to move towards encouraging greater demand in the core countries . 
  that could stimulate growth and reduce unemployment in others . 
  2010 is n't that old !, 
  :p seriously though , that 's interesting . 
  thanks . 
  you 're right in that nomination for the nobel peace prize does n't mean very much . 
  vladimir putin for example was nominated [ last year . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2461416/russian-president-putin-nominated-nobel-peace-prize-ex-labour-peer.html ) i will also say that the parliament 's civil liberties committee 's actions may be meaningless if it does n't mention france and other eu member states who are doing the same thing . 
  also if we are going to criticise the us for the human cost of the wars in iraq and afghanistan , then russia should equally be criticised for the human cost of its war in chechnya . 
  both sides were guilty of war crimes , but the human rights abuses by russian forces ( [ including disappearances ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_chechen_war#human_rights_and_war_crimes ) ) should be even more alarming given that those were russian citizens . 
  in case anybody gets stuck behind a paywall : worry about the euro , not the european union wolfgang m\u00fcnchau the union is not compatible with a single currency in the long run last november 1 gave us a glimpse of the biggest danger facing the eurozone in the next decade : a period of sustained deflation . 
  eurozone core inflation -- without energy prices and other volatile items -- tumbled in october to an estimated annual rate of 0.8 per cent . 
  i would hope the european central bank would cut interest rates further this week . 
  but i doubt even a marginally negative interest rate would avert a slide into deflation . 
  its deep cause lies in the way the eurozone responds to its debt crisis -- through austerity and falling real wages in the periphery and a lack of adjustment in the north . 
  the existential danger to the euro is no longer a speculative attack , a bank run or the rise of extremist parties , but sheer exhaustion . 
  beno\u00eet coeur\u00e9 , a member of the ecb 's executive board , warned last week that the eurozone might suffer a japanese-style lost decade . 
  but at least japan maintained near full employment . 
  the eurozone faces a far worse prospect : a lost generation . 
  the political consequences of this scenario are the subject of an important book published in france by fran\u00e7ois heisbourg , chairman of the international institute for strategic studies and the geneva centre for security . 
  in la fin du r\u00eave europ\u00e9en , he says the situation has become so intractable that the only way to save the eu is to abandon the euro . 
  the author , who is as pro-european as they come , fears the eurozone crisis could destroy the eu -- a project he regards as far more worthwhile than the dysfunctional monetary union . 
  he says a uk exit from the eu could act as a potential trigger for its dismantlement . 
  i do not share his conclusion but his analysis is spot-on . 
  the eu , with its legal treaties and its step-by-step crisis-resolution tactics , is not compatible with a functioning monetary union in the long run . 
  the way the eurozone is trying to solve the crisis -- without debt forgiveness , without transfers and without joint liability debt instruments , and on the basis of fiscal adjustment alone -- has produced a deflationary debt crisis with no end in sight . 
  a resolution would require a political union with strong , central decision-making powers . 
  the eu institutions , however , have been created with a corporatist mindset -- geared towards dealing with trade conflicts or competition issues but not with the big issues of macroeconomic policy . 
  the core of prof heisbourg 's argument is that we are stuck in a vicious circle . 
  electorates blame europe for the crisis , and are unwilling to transfer more powers to the centre . 
  yet such a transfer would be necessary to solve the crisis . 
  this is all true but i disagree that a decision to abandon the euro would solve the problem . 
  even if a dissolution of the euro were well managed , which it may be , i think prof heisbourg underestimates the economic and financial chaos it would create -- not just in europe . 
  i am also sceptical about his enthusiasm for a euro-free eu . 
  without the single currency , the eu would be a pretty dull place , which it was not in 1998 . 
  the common foreign and security policy is going nowhere . 
  without a single currency , the eu would roll back the single market . 
  and , with only so many countries left to accede , the enlargement process can not go on indefinitely . 
  whatever may drive the uk to remain in the eu or to quit is probably not related to the euro . 
  i once proposed the opposite course of action -- to recognise that the eurozone is now the true kernel of european integration -- and to continue from there , changing the treaties with a view to turning the eu into an organisation fit to manage a complex monetary union . 
  such a political union would need to include a framework for the resolution of existing debt , joint liability instruments for future debt , a banking union firmly anchored at the central political level , and additional fiscal transfers as well . 
  i acknowledge prof heisbourg 's argument that this course of action would be unrealistic if electorates reject those treaty changes indefinitely . 
  in that case , we would have to accept the eurozone was doomed . 
  but it is less clear to me why electorates would choose this course of action indefinitely if the status quo locks the eurozone into permanent deflation and low growth . 
  politics is about choices . 
  failure to choose is a choice , too . 
  in that case , the crisis will continue , and we will enter prof heisbourg 's nightmare scenario of a european electorate turning against europe . 
  that would be the end of the eu and the euro . 
  of the options pursued and under discussion , i believe two are unrealistic . 
  one is the attempt to solve the crisis through communication policy -- which is what we are doing now , with a banking union that excludes any form of joint liability , or with endless protestations that the crisis is over or that the eurozone is recovering . 
  the second set of unrealistic options , i fear , would be to go back to 1998 and start again . 
  i would not give up on genuine political union just yet . 
  but if we do , the set of options available to us becomes depressingly narrow . 
   of the total , some 400,000 are british pensioners . 
  i am surprised that figure is n't higher . 
   also , the western world 50 years ago was far more discriminatory of homosexuals than russia is today you 're absolutely right and in my own country homosexuality was n't legalised until 1993 ( sadly ) . 
  anti-sodomy laws were only deemed unconstitutional in the us until 2003 .
