  but worst of all from my perspective is the mess that the pp has made with regards catalonia , which is not going to change if it gets in . 
  for spain 's sake i hope it does n't happen . 
  i remember you suggesting a pp/ciu pact , which i still find hard to believe . 
  surely ciu would demand a huge amount ( like the powers they wanted in the estatuto ) in order to jump into bed with them ? 
  also how is what rajoy is doing typical of people from galicia ? 
  i know many people from there but have no idea of what their stereotype is like . 
  ** edit ** i do agree with you though that ciudadanos is the key player in the next election and whatever the next government decides to do . 
   rajoy plans to get another 4 years . 
  i do n't see this law getting away anytime soon and i 'm sure whoever comes in power next will find it very damn useful . 
  this is completely off topic from your main point but how like is rajoy to do that ? 
  [ the pp 's share of the vote has seriously diminished ] ( http://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:sondeos_de_intenci\u00f3n_de_voto_para_las_elecciones_generales_de_espa\u00f1a_de_2015 ) since the last election so there 's no way it 'll have an absolute majority . 
  bare in mind that the pp is likely to take another blow with the stuff coming out about rato and the list of people who took advantage of the amnist\u00eda fiscal . 
  on paper at least , the pp 's rivals could easily form a coalition to keep it out . 
   lots of disaffected bnp supporters would probably support ukip now as the next best thing ( since the bnp has all but collapsed ) [ including former bnp leader nick griffin . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/former-bnp-leader-nick-griffin-says-hell-vote-ukip-9893376.html ), 
  when did he make comments like that ? 
  my point was still that his opinion is relevant , even if it is not the stance taken by his party and ca n't be dismissed . 
  but having read the comment you link to , i accept that there is more to what he said than the guardian is letting on . 
  i do n't find the reasons for his `` preference '' are sincere or convincing ( as others here have pointed out ) but that 's for another day . 
   separately , even if you did believe that farage planned for the uk to give preferential treatment to indians and australians over greeks and danes , it seems an odd thing to find objectionable . 
  you seem to accept the reverse after all . 
  the preferential treatment for greeks and danes is based on reciprocity , so that british people are entitled to the same preferential treatment . 
  if ukip are truly in favour of a points based system that is based on skills alone , i for one wo n't object . 
  however , given the big fiscal contribution `` unskilled '' eu migrants make to the british economy , i 'd imagine it 'd be much less rosy than he 's letting on . 
   he was asked his own personal opinion over which nationals he would prefer as immigrants . 
  presumably you have a personal opinion over which nationals you prefer as immigrants to your country ? 
  as leader of his party , his opinion is pretty relevant and not something that can be dismissed as a personal preference . 
  for one thing , it 's an indication of the laws/policies the party he leads advocates . 
  in the european union , maybe . 
  spanish nationalism is a real thing and something i personally have a hard time getting my head around . 
  but the rise in support for the fn in france i think makes the latter worthy of that title ( just look at its position towards [ overseas territories ] ( http://www.frontnational.com/2014/04/pour-une-nouvelle-caledonie-francaise-un-seul-choix-le-11-mai-le-vote-fn-rbm/ ) , [ recognition of regional identities ] ( http://www.frontnational.com/je-veux-lalsace-francaise-je-vote-non-referendum-7-avril/ ) and minority languages ) . 
  however , if you are talking about countries in europe outside of the eu , i think other countries in europe like russia are worthy of that . 
  i was really surprised when i was in brussels by the statues of leopold ii . 
  the guy was by most accounts a monster who built an enormous slave state for his own profit , directly and indirectly killing millions of people . 
  what are people doing in the 21st century keeping a statue of him ? 
  if anything there should be monuments to his victims in my opinion . 
  i know it 's in the page you link to , but i think it 's important to rememeber this genocide was actually not just of the herero but the nama people as well . 
  the kaiser 's holocaust is a reasonably good book on the subject . 
  people who accept our laws and culture should be welcome , wherever they are from . 
  that includes you guys . 
  please remember that not all the people on those boats are muslim , not all of them are extremists and not all of them are from the same part of the world either . 
  some are genuine asylum seekers from conflict zones . 
  japan is n't in the west either but has applied sanctions . 
  there are communities from syria and other middle eastern countries but the majority of muslims in the uk are from elsewhere . 
  in brussels , yes . 
  but african immigrants who settle in flanders learn or speak dutch . 
  in case anybody gets stuck behind a paywall : greece prepares for debt default if talks with creditors fail kerin hope and tony barber , athens greece is preparing to take the dramatic step of declaring a debt default unless it can reach a deal with its international creditors by the end of april , according to people briefed on the radical leftist government 's thinking . 
  the government , which is rapidly running out of funds to pay public sector salaries and state pensions , has decided to withhold $ 2.5 bn of payments due to the international monetary fund in may and june if no agreement is struck , they said . 
  `` we have come to the end of the road . 
  if the europeans wo n't release bailout cash , there is no alternative [ to a default ] , '' one government official said . 
  a greek default would represent an unprecedented shock to europe 's 16-year-old monetary union only five years after greece received the first of two eu-imf bailouts that amounted to a combined $ 245bn . 
  the warning of an imminent default could be a negotiating tactic , reflecting the government 's aim of extracting the easiest possible conditions from greece 's creditors , but it nevertheless underlined the reality of fast-emptying state coffers . 
  default is a prospect for which other european governments , irritated at what they see as the unprofessional negotiating tactics and confrontational rhetoric of the greek government , have also begun to make contingency plans . 
  in the short term , a default would almost certainly lead to the suspension of emergency european central bank liquidity assistance for the greek financial sector , the closure of greek banks , capital controls and wider economic instability . 
  although it would not automatically force greece to drop out of the eurozone , a default would make it much harder for alexis tsipras , prime minister , to keep his country in the 19-nation area , a goal that was part of the platform on which he and his leftist syriza party won election in january . 
  germany and greece 's other eurozone partners say they are confident that the currency area is strong enough to ride out the consequences of a greek default , but some officials acknowledge it would be a plunge into the unknown . 
  greece 's finance ministry on monday reaffirmed the government 's commitment to striking a deal with its creditors , saying : `` we are continuing uninterruptedly the search for a mutually beneficial solution , in accordance with our electoral mandate . '' in this spirit , greece resumed technical negotiations with its creditors in athens and brussels on monday on the fiscal measures , budget targets and privatisations without which the lenders say they will not release funds needed to pay imminent debt instalments . 
  the government is trying to find cash to pay $ 2.4 bn in pensions and civil service salaries this month . 
  it is due to repay $ 203m to the imf on may 1 and $ 770m on may 12 . 
  another $ 1.6 bn is due in june . 
  the funding crisis has arisen partly because $ 7.2 bn in bailout money due to have been disbursed to greece last year has been held back , amid disagreements between athens and its european and imf creditors over politically sensitive structural economic reforms . 
  these included an overhaul of the pension system , including cuts in the payments received by greek pensioners , and measures to permit mass dismissals by private sector employers . 
  although debt reduction was a central theme of syriza 's successful election campaign , the government changed tune after taking office and insisted that it would meet all its obligations to the imf . 
  however , yanis varoufakis , finance minister , made clear last week that the government took the view that its top priority should be to meet its domestic commitments , including an obligation to continue paying pensions to citizens . 
  in case anybody gets stuck behind a paywall : national front 's jean-marie le pen gives in to daughter 's demands anne-sylvaine chassany in paris national front founder jean-marie le pen has given in to demands from his daughter and party leader marine le pen to step aside by announcing he would not be a candidate in regional elections this year . 
  the decision signals the 86-year old politician 's willingness to end a dispute that has shaken the far-right party following controversial comments about nazi gas chambers in the media . 
  asked by le figaro magazine if he would run as the fn candidate for the southern region of provence-alpes-cote-d\u2019azur in elections in december , he said : `` no , even though i think i was the best candidate for the national front . 
  if i need to sacrifice [ myself ] for the party 's future , i will not be the one who causes the damage . '' he later confirmed his decision in a press release . 
  last week , father and daughter appeared to escalate a row that reflected fractures within the party following a shift to the left initiated by ms le pen after she took over the party in 2011 . 
  ms le pen accused her father of a strategy `` somewhere between scorched earth and political suicide '' after he reiterated that he thought the gas chambers had been `` a detail of the history '' of the second world war . 
  she later said the party would consider sanctions . 
  late last week mr le pen seemed unwilling to give up the fight , declaring : `` marine le pen may want my death , but she can not count on my help . '' mr le pen 's repeated provocations in the press over the years have been at odds with his daughter 's recent strategy to sanitise the far-right party . 
  she has toned down its anti-immigrant and ethnic-based rhetoric to focus more on economic issues , a tactic that has paid off , with the party attracting about a quarter of votes in french local elections last month , ahead of the ruling socialist party . 
  she told the ft in an interview last month that she was committed to leading her party to power in 2017 , when presidential elections take place , a goal her father never wanted to achieve : `` this is the front 's moment , '' she said . 
  her father may not be the only issue ms le pen has to deal with in her conquest : judges are investigating allegations of illegal campaign financing that could involve her and her inner circle . 
  the fn has denied wrongdoing . 
  mr le pen 's move to pull out from the regional elections may not mean the end of his influence over the party however . 
  in his press release on monday , he did not acknowledge any misconduct and instead denounced restrictions on his freedom of speech . 
  he also urged the party to support his 25-year-old granddaughter , marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen -- marine le pen 's niece -- to replace him as a candidate in the regional elections . 
  `` as long as god lends me life , i will stay in my place at the military post , '' mr le pen said . 
  do they do that in the uk ? 
  in ireland they do n't . 
  it is almost completely resolved among genocide scholars . 
  if i recall correctly the term genocide was coined in response to the greek and armenian genocide . 
  i think it is a move to put pressure on the successor state of the ottoman empire ( turkey ) to recognise it . 
  countries can only live within their means ( especially with regards exports ) through others not living within theirs . 
  the idea that a huge and diverse economic zone like the eurozone can export their way out of this mess is reliant on a enormous amount of demand from elsewhere , which strikes me as ridiculous . 
  the weaker economies need to stabilize their current accounts , but that can also be done through demand within the eurozone as well . 
  there is also the problem in that the eurozone 's exports are very imbalanced . 
  germany has the largest current account surplus in the world ( in terms of monetary size ) and makes up 7.5 percent of gdp . 
  spain by comparison has reversed its large deficit , [ but is still tiny compared to germany . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/current-account-to-gdp ) [ germany is even in breach of the eurozone rules by having one so high ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/indicators/economic_reforms/eip/#/headline/ ) ( rules that favoured germany 's export economy anyway ) . 
  if the eurozone is to survive it needs to get rid of such large imbalances . 
  more demand from the surplus countries would help with that . 
  has anybody ever been held to account and tried for the [ samashki massacre ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samashki_massacre ) i had never heard of it before and the wikipedia article does n't mention anything about that . 
   the thing you have to understand is that nobody takes the catalan secession seriously , it 's nothing but a manoeuvre to keep mas in power . 
  i keep seeing this argument in el pa\u00eds and elsewhere . 
  the argument goes that mas is being used by junqueras ( who is more nationalist ) and using this to stay in power . 
  i am afraid i do n't find it convincing .
