   in the latest regional ceo survey published at the beginning of july , support for a ` no ' vote to catalan independence increased to 50 % , leading the ` yes ' vote by seven points . 
  i do n't think this move will work in achieving independence with the population divided on the issue and the majority against it according to some opinion polls . 
  ** but ** i think this election will result in catalonia getting a binding referendum on the issue . 
  that 's just my reading on the situation though . 
  so are you saying that these are fiscal transfers of sorts ? 
  kicking the can down the road for the next government ( or her successor ) to deal with is not sustainable either for germany , greece or the eurozone . 
  is that roquefort i see on the right hand side of the photo ? 
  of the many great things that france has given the world , this should not be there !, 
  i was surprised just how many i came across when i was in the u.s. 
  in the morning you would often see them outside convenience stores waiting to be picked up or find work for the day . 
  i also had a job at one point in a law firm which resulted in me meeting a lot of them . 
  quite a few could only speak broken english at best despite years in the country . 
  others had never been to school and thus could n't read nor write . 
  he might not have been the brains behind them but under djisselbloem the eurogroup has seen some pretty shameful episodes , including the cyprus bailout ( which involved the raid on bank accounts ) . 
  i would n't hold him in very high regard . 
  the video could have done without the comparisons to the united states . 
  besides other countries are ranked more highly for their acceptance of gay people . 
  what do you mean by they ca n't even talk ? 
  if i recall correctly , croatia and slovenia also wanted to move towards multiparty democracy whereas serbia ( or the government of serbia at the time ) was not in favour of this . 
  is that correct ? 
  the creditors did n't present a realistic plan or proposals either . 
  the country was basically expected to run a big primary surplus for years on end . 
  this is despite the country already losing 25 percent of its gdp , having unemployment over 20 percent and unable to devalue its currency to restore competitiveness . 
  edit : i am not trying to excuse the greek side for failing to come to an agreement . 
  if the objective was to keep the country in the euro both sides have failed . 
  but i fear that one side will be blaimed for this mess after a grexit . 
  the haircut in 2012 was part of a deal that meant a further dose of austerity which made [ the economy continue to contract . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-budget ) as a result debt as percentage of gdp continued to rise . 
  i went out with a girl who was a translator there . 
  she found him rude , frequently talking over other members in meetings . 
  many more member states could leave the single currency before the urgency of completing the union ( through a fiscal union ) comes to the top of the agenda . 
  it 's more expedient for politicians who want to be reelected to sell the lie to the electorate that all the money they gave greece was going to be paid back . 
  thank you for this . 
  the image of the lazy greek has been implied time and time again in newspaper articles , radio , social media and in visual form with this cartoon . 
  i , for one , am sick of it . 
  just about everything the user said above was wrong . 
  the author is left-wing and [ campaigned in favor of same-sex marriage . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/fintan-o-toole-ireland-has-left-tolerance-far-behind-1.2223838 ), 
  `` we did n't lose it . 
  that money was going to be repaid until the greeks * decided * to abandon the euro . '', 
  `` also those bailouts went to the greeks and were by no means a recapitalization of european banks . '', 
  he has done a lot of work on the economics of the monetary union , winning praise from krugman and others . 
  he knows what he 's talking about . 
  i went on erasmus and actually know the girl who wrote this article . 
  i 'm doubly pleased . 
  do n't worry , i get that using it is entirely optional . 
  what country are you from by the way ? 
  as i 'm from the north , that 's how i 'd use it . 
  basically it 'd be like a substitute for butter here . 
  as somebody very much from the north of the continent , i always find it a bit strange to see how you use olive oil in the south . 
  in a lot of restaurants there is a jug/bottle of olive oil on every table right next to the salt and pepper shakers . 
  i 'm afraid of the consequences of greece leaving the eurozone for my country precisely because of a similar effect ( people will be too afraid to vote for the anti-austerity parties ) . 
  however , i think that is terrible for democracy as it is basically intimidating people . 
  the prospect of 4/5 more years of this is even worse . 
  are n't you afraid of the same ? 
  the pp has broken all its electoral promises , implemented austerity , handled the situation in catalonia terribly and brought in the * ley mordaza * all in one term . 
  god knows what we can expect from or why people think they deserve a second one . 
  the only hope seems to be for bipartisan politics to be thrown out the window and that is what recent polls were suggesting . 
  that 's why i ca n't see the pp winning an absolute majority . 
  the most likely thing ( in my opinion ) would be a pact of the pp with c 's . 
  what controversial things were you referring to about c 's ? 
  i read el pais every other day and have n't noticed that at all . 
  i think `` proposal '' is a better way to describe this than a plan . 
  there does n't seem to have been any work done as to how this would work . 
  nor does it seem to have ever been presented to a minister . 
  let 's not forget that it involved resettling 5 million people halfway around the world . 
  out of curiosity , why do you think rajoy has n't done that ? 
  by the way , i 'm back to my old account . 
  do you have an article in spanish about the broken promises ? 
  feel free to share the word in your language , either as a noun or as a verb . 
  one irish economist suggested the core countries should send their tourists en masse to greece and buy greek products as this would help the country recover . 
  it would also make the country 's debt repayments much more feasible . 
  are they not languages in their own right ? 
  or could they not be considered languages in their own right ? 
  many thanks . 
  out of curiosity , have any russians ( or russian citizens ) gone off to fight in syria for is and other islamist groups ? 
  i have n't been able to find much info on it online ( in english anyway ) . 
  it is not the spanish government but the equivalent of the electoral commission who made this decision . 
  it is also not the catalan flag but the catalan independence flag . 
  it will only be removed from public buildings until the elections on the 24 may are over . 
  once they are held it will be free to go back up . 
  it seems to me that catalan nationalists are trying to make a bigger deal of this than it actually is for political reasons . 
  what do you recommend ? 
   the russian foreign minister has dismissed tokyo 's claims to the northern territories , describing japan as `` the only nation that raises doubts about the results of world war ii . '', 
  one of the results of wwii was that states should not change their borders by force . 
  i can understand things are tense over the independence issue and the 27-s is ever closer . 
  but i really do n't see what the problem is as it is a temporary measure of removing it from public buildings until the elections are over . 
  i actually see this `` outrage '' as a means of gathering support before the elections . 
  let 's be honest , it is the * estelada * or flag of catalan independence , not the normal * senyera . 
  * they could just as easily replace the * esteladas * with large senyeras until the elections are over . 
  besides , if i understand correctly , they can put them back on the 25th of may . 
  the instability/conflict is likely to make anybody with assets in ukraine pull them out as soon as possible and stop anybody investing there for the time being . 
  ok , thank you . 
  is it too soon to refer to the long-term trend as the article does ? 
  i mean , do you think these people will settle in poland ? 
  pardon my ignorance , but could you fill me in or provide me with a link explaining what you mean about lorraine ? 
  is it a poor part of france or something ? 
  can somebody tell me why these guys live in the west ? 
  if they really think daesh or any caliphate is a good idea , why do n't they go live in one and never return ? 
  jesus lad , thank you so much for that !!,
