  `` there are families that do not have anything to eat , '' says petropoulos , a squat man in his mid-forties . 
  `` i give bread away for nothing . 
  i know everybody here and i know who needs it the most . '' in summer 2015 , as greece teetered on the edge of the financial precipice , the eu warned that its plight put the future of europe at stake . 
  after months of political brinkmanship by the country 's leftist government and european authorities , the nation was granted an $ 86bn package , its third bailout in five years . 
  eighteen months on , the greek crisis has disappeared from the minds of many in europe , replaced by new difficulties such as brexit , a wave of terror attacks in capital cities and looming elections in countries such as france and germany . 
  but in greece , the crisis rages on . 
  while the country is arguably in better shape financially than it was two years ago , the social crisis has intensified . 
  in return for the bailout , officials demanded more austerity measures . 
  spending on hospitals , schools and social safety nets has been slashed , leaving increasing numbers of greece 's most vulnerable without support . 
  eu officials may cheer signs that greece 's economy could be improving -- it managed two quarters of consecutive growth last year and has forecast growth of 2.7 per cent this year -- but a significant turning point looks unlikely . 
  in many ways it is merely a recovery on paper : poverty is increasing and unemployment is still the highest in europe . 
  `` without a doubt , greece has made enormous sacrifices to get to where it is now , '' said an imf report last september . 
  `` but the significant achievements in balancing the budget , closing the current account deficit and improving the flexibility of the labour market have taken a heavy toll on the society and tested its endurance . '' at the same time , the backlash among disillusioned voters is rising . 
  the ruling syriza party , caught between the radical , anti-austerity promises it made at the january 2015 election and the cold reality of not being able to pay its bills , is in freefall in the polls . 
  political instability , which has consistently derailed attempts to work through the crisis , looms large . 
  loans that greece has been promised are now threatened because of prime minister alexis tsipras 's attempts to water down austerity measures and an ongoing row between lenders over whether to reduce the country 's debt obligations . 
  fresh elections or a breakdown in talks over future financial aid are becoming increasingly likely . 
  for millennia , greece 's villages have provided a safe harbour in times of national difficulty . 
  resilient social bonds and family cohesion , combined with a strong farming tradition , ensured a degree of protection and self-sufficiency when crisis struck . 
  yet today they are struggling . 
  just small cuts to local budgets are enough to end the vital services that keep places such as efyra afloat . 
  many local schools have been shut or had budgets trimmed . 
  bus routes , an essential link to nearby towns , have been axed , forcing villages to operate community taxi schemes . 
  sweeping new taxes imposed across the economy have already left communities scrabbling to survive . 
  it is not uncommon for one retiree 's state pension , which can be as low as $ 300 a month , to support an entire family , supplemented by food grown in their gardens . 
  and pressure is increasing . 
  last year pension payments were cut by as much as 40 per cent , while this year will bring $ 1bn worth of new taxes on cars , telecoms , television , fuel , cigarettes , coffee and beer , and a $ 5.7 bn cut to public sector salaries and pensions . 
  it is a drastic return to reality for many in a country where , for decades , tax enforcement has been lax and social benefits generous . 
  young people have moved from villages in search of jobs in larger cities , reducing greece 's rural population by 2.5 per cent in eight years . 
  those that remain talk of an acute sense of abandonment . 
  `` the troika has really hurt us , '' says litsa andriopoulou , who runs the village 's solitary grocery shop . 
  she is referring to the european commission , european central bank and international monetary fund , which jointly co-ordinated the bailouts and demanded the subsequent austerity measures in return . 
  `` their demands have affected not rich people , but the poorest here . 
  `` human relationships have changed . 
  people are closed off in their homes . 
  they do n't come out , '' she says . 
  `` those that had businesses here have now closed them . '' three years ago , efyra 's secondary school was shut and the doctor 's surgery and small courthouse are now also gone . 
  the concrete skeleton of an unfinished building stands on the main road opposite the old school while a dog picks lazily at a pile of rubbish that has been left in the corner . 
  `` my business is getting harder and harder , '' says andriopoulou , who has run the shop with her husband for 35 years . 
  twenty per cent of her customers pay on credit . 
  `` they pay when the pension comes . 
  they pay when they can , '' she says , pulling out a well-thumbed notebook from next to the cash register . 
  `` many times the old help the young . 
  [ 2017 ] will be much , much worse , '' she says . 
  `` because of taxes going up and pensions going down . '' fifty-two per cent of greek households rely on pensions to pay their monthly expenses , according to a 2015 study . 
  yet greece has only 2.7 million pensioners -- 25 per cent of the population . 
  austerity measures mean that close to half of pensioners now have a monthly income that puts them below the country 's poverty line , according to a recent report by a group of retiree associations . 
  new taxes have eroded disposable incomes still further . 
  value added tax has increased to 24 per cent on food , disproportionately hurting the poor , for whom living costs represent a far higher proportion of income . 
  most detested is the enfia property levy , which brings in $ 2.65 bn a year -- roughly $ 650 from each of greece 's four million households . 
  those in rural areas where incomes are lower fear tsipras 's intentions to levy new taxes on arable land this year . 
  `` the money that the government gives us is just taken back in taxes . 
  there is not anything left to survive on , for food , for essentials , '' says mayor petropoulos , who also runs a small ramshackle goat farm a mile or so outside the village . 
  international creditors , and many eu governments , have argued that greece 's perilous economic situation is caused by decades of mass tax evasion , lavish public sector salaries , inefficient social spending and generous state pensions . 
  it 's quoted on the english wikipedia page about the article . 
  the author of that quote is from the hoover institute at stanford university . 
   there has probably not been another book published in russia during the post-communist period which has exerted an influence on russian military , police , and statist foreign policy elites comparable to that of aleksandr dugin 's 1997 neo-fascist treatise , foundations of geopolitics .3 [ source ] ( http://www.4pt.su/en/content/aleksandr-dugin%e2%80%99s-foundations-geopolitics ), 
  well , maybe he has little influence over the russian population , but his book appears to have had a significant influence on the russian military and foreign policy elites . 
  perhaps he should get more attention over there . 
  he does have small hands apparently . 
  maybe that 's an advantage . 
  hah , check mate liberal globalist lizard !!, 
  ** orban takes aim at soros and hungarian ngos ** * warnings that groups funded by financier could be forced out of country * 14 hours ago by : andrew byrne in budapest long before he became europe 's most hardline anti-immigration prime minister , viktor orban won a scholarship sponsored by billionaire financier george soros to study at oxford university . 
  later , when mr orban 's fidesz party needed to print leaflets in hungary 's early post-communist days , mr soros bought printers . 
  but those warm memories have faded . 
  mr orban , whose fidesz party governs hungary , now portrays his one-time benefactor as a sinister `` shadow power '' , accusing him of engineering europe 's refugee influx and warning that non-profit groups funded by mr soros 's open society foundations ( osf ) risk expulsion from europe . 
  szilard nemeth , a senior figures in fidesz , this week repeated calls for human rights groups supported by osf to be `` swept out of the country '' , deepening western fears of a clampdown on civil society in hungary -- which mr orban has proclaimed as the eu 's first `` illiberal democracy . '' the warnings come against a backdrop of western concern over threats to democracy in central and eastern europe . 
  they have also sparked fears among human rights campaigners that a hungarian clampdown could foreshadow more pressure on osf in neighbouring countries ahead of donald trump 's inauguration as us president next week . 
  mr soros in december wrote that after mr trump 's inauguration , the us would be `` unable to protect and promote democracy in the rest of the world '' . 
  mr nemeth said `` international changes '' presented an opportunity to `` force back '' and `` throw out '' ngos serving foreign interests . 
  a spokesman for mr orban said mr nemeth had formulated his opinion `` in a different way '' to the hungarian government . 
  but the threat echoes mr orban 's warning that soros-linked ngos would soon be expelled from some european countries . 
  `` in every country , they will want to displace soros , '' mr orban said in december . 
  `` in the coming year , soros and his forces will be squeezed out . '' mr soros , who was born in budapest in 1930 , has lavished hundreds of millions of euros on social programmes , human rights advocates and anti-corruption groups in post-communist countries including hungary , where osf is headquartered . 
  with hungary 's parliamentary liberal opposition weak and independent media in decline , ngos say they are often mr orban 's most effective critics . 
  `` partly because of our work , it was revealed that some central bank money funnelled into private foundations was used to enrich friendly companies and government cronies , '' said jozsef peter martin , executive director of transparency international hungary , which worked to expose a secret central bank spending programme last year . 
  other groups have sought to blunt the impact of mr orban 's clampdown on refugees . 
  marta pardavi , co-chair of the hungarian helsinki committee , a human rights watchdog that has also sued hungary 's government at the european court of human rights , said her organisation helped thousands of asylum seekers each year . 
  `` we 're proud of that work , '' she said . 
  both groups , which were criticised by mr nemeth this week , receive funding from osf , among other donors . 
  `` these groups want to have a say in major policy without the legitimacy to participate , '' mr nemeth argued this week , repeating a view held by some hungarian officials who say only elected politicians are `` authorised '' to participate in politics . 
  mr nemeth last year proposed that ngos be placed under surveillance as national security threats . 
  the government 's legislative agenda includes a commitment to step up ngo regulation . 
  chris stone , president of osf , says attacks on ngos reflect an `` impatience with ordinary democratic conduct '' and said his organisation had no plans to leave hungary . 
  `` all over the world , there are governments who think once an election is held , that 's the end of politics until the next election . 
  that 's just not how democracies work , '' mr stone told the ft in an interview . 
  `` citizens continue to speak out , they organise and yes ; they apply for grants from us and other groups . '' even if the groups do not lose osf backing , their supporters say the attacks have already stirred up old anxieties associated with hungary 's communist past . 
  some hungarians now say they will only donate cash to ngos to protect their identities . 
  senior ngo staff say they avoid discussing sensitive topics in their workplaces , assuming their offices are bugged . 
  `` people think we 're doing something risky -- this should not be happening in an eu member state in 2017 , '' says ms pardavi . 
  i 'm curious , does golden dawn draw its support from that part of greece ? 
  what are the constitutional changes he is proposing ? 
  i 'm curious now as to what could be so politicised . 
  are you studying politics or international relations or something ? 
  a lot of basques , welsh , catalans and others are exposed to a new language in school ( through language immersion ) . 
  are they not native speakers ? 
  it should be `` c\u00e9n f\u00e1th . '', 
  however , i 'm surprised the finnish user above knows some irish . 
  huh ? 
  sadly it 's true .
