  still , president fran\u00e7ois hollande has entrusted the 77-year-old politician with a highly delicate mission : to quell france 's unsettling row over islam , the country 's second-largest religion . 
  reflecting on his new job in his central paris office , he quips : `` there are no rewards for this job -- only punches . '' mr chev\u00e8nement , who has yet to be formally appointed , has already taken a few . 
  in the midst of the `` burkini '' controversy that arose when two dozen mayors prohibited the full-length swimwear from their beaches this summer , his call for muslims to be `` discreet '' after two deadly islamist terror attacks caused an uproar . 
  some also resent the notion of a staunch secularist instead of a muslim leading such a fraught mission . 
  mr chev\u00e8nement insists he will not deal with religious matters . 
  he is instead to preside over the establishment of a new foundation for islam whose goal will be to `` build an islam of france respectful of republican values '' , according to bernard cazeneuve , interior minister . 
  the state-backed foundation will fund educational , research and cultural projects . 
  it will also offer training on the rule of law , france 's secular system , known as laicit\u00e9 , and gender equality . 
  a separate religious organisation will be set up to train imams . 
  `` the idea is to bring islam and france closer , '' mr chev\u00e8nement says . 
  `` it 's a sort of cuisine a la fran\u00e7aise . '' the burkini bans were last week deemed illegal by france 's highest court . 
  still , they have revived a long-running debate over the emergence of the headscarf in the banlieues , the poor immigrant enclaves where many of the islamist terrorists were raised , and -- more generally -- over the place of islam in a secular nation . 
  eight months before presidential elections , politicians have seized on the controversy . 
  former leader nicolas sarkozy , who is vying for the centre-right nomination , has vowed to ban the veil in universities and the workplace . 
  far-right leader marine le pen wants to prohibit it in all public places . 
  manuel valls , the socialist prime minister , opposes legislation but has still attacked the burkini as a symbol of `` enslavement of women '' . 
  to understand france 's present-day struggles with islam , mr chev\u00e8nement harkens back to its contentious relationship with the catholic church , which bred a longstanding suspicion of religions and conspicuous religious signs . 
  for at least a century after the french revolution , in which the catholic church was stripped of its privileges , clerics continued to fight republicans to restore the monarchy , he notes . 
  the 1905 law that provided the framework for french laicit\u00e9 by enforcing a strict separation between the state and religions has been widely credited with easing tensions . 
  over the years , catholic politicians have dropped their monarchist penchant and are `` now calling themselves republicans '' , remarks mr chev\u00e8nement , referring to the name of mr sarkozy 's centre-right party . 
  critics say mr chev\u00e8nement is not best placed to handle such a delicate issue . 
  over the years , the politician cultivated a unique blend of socialism , gaullist statism and euroscepticism , all the while hailing republican values and french laicit\u00e9 as a rampart against anglo-saxon multiculturalism . 
  in 1983 , he left government because he disagreed with fran\u00e7ois mitterrand 's shift on economic policy to comply with the european monetary system . 
  in 1991 , he stepped down as defence minister in opposition to the gulf war . 
  he fought the euro and left the socialist party in 1993 to create his own party . 
  seven years later , he resigned as interior minister after opposing a plan to give more political autonomy to corsica . 
  but mr chev\u00e8nement insists that , despite his republican credentials , he is no anti-clerical diehard and will adopt a pragmatic approach . 
  `` this burkini affair has a lot to do with the heatwave -- as well as the british empire since it was designed in australia , '' he says with a smile . 
  `` in reality , the true islamist fundamentalists do n't like the burkini . '' echoing mr valls , mr chev\u00e8nement says while he does not approve of the islamic veil , he opposes an extension of legislation that prohibits headscarves in state schools and face-covering niqabs in public space . 
  `` this has to be a fight over ideas , '' he says . 
  `` no more regulation , but we need to say things as they are -- that the veil means women 's subordination , the refusal of cultural mix , a message that says , ` we 're not like you ' . '' france will never be like the uk or the us , mr chev\u00e8nement notes . 
  `` no ` in god we trust ' on our banknotes , '' he says . 
  female police officers wearing headscarves are `` totally out of the question '' . 
  `` the british and the americans accept that everybody lives separately according to their own ways . 
  those communities have gained the right to sort their own affairs , '' he notes . 
  `` we believe that citizens should contribute to the common interest by favouring reason and not the display of faith ... we are trying to balance freedom and equality . '', 
   our own president referred to me as a `` collaborator '' and to my parents as `` collonists . '', 
  puigdemont said that ? 
  was he talking about you personally or about people opposed to independence ? 
  you would n't have an article about that ? 
  i 'd be interested in reading more . 
  you 're a catalan who is not in favour of independence ? 
  i know you guys exist ( i have followed events in catalonia in recent years ) but that is the first time i have come across one online , or at least on reddit . 
  on top of that , there is political correctness that prevents us from even talking about social problems or even criminal behaviour by members of minority groups ( like the delay in reporting what happened in cologne ) . 
  then there are the multiculturalists among the non-immigrant population who question the need for these people to assimilate and to adopt the values of the host country . 
  the belgians here can shed light on this , but from what i understand they managed pretty well while they did n't have a government . 
  i had a friend tell me that the pressure to wear the burka/headscarf was no different from the pressure women face from the media to look a certain way/wear certain clothing . 
  sadly i have seen the same viewpoint shared on social media . 
  i can see that you 've thought quite a bit about this , so what do you think of that perspective ? 
  seriously man , you 've got a great idea there . 
  since you 're catalan , i 'd recommend you get in touch with some cartoonist like aleix sal\u00f3 . 
  that 'd make a great graphic novel or a book ( if not a movie ) . 
  hahahaha ... 
  this was just the first photo i could find from looking on google images . 
  but for the record , that 's a 12 to 24 metre high wall he 's talking about . 
  it 's difficult to find movies that are historically accurate , but there are plenty that are really inaccurate despite them being very successful at the box office . 
  braveheart is one that could have done with [ less artistic license . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braveheart#historical_inaccuracy ), 
  i do n't know lad . 
  while that sounds like a good movie , sometimes i prefer historical movies be as accurate as possible . 
  however , a movie ending with that regiment marching down paris under the colours of the second spanish republic would be good ( as that is what actually happened ) . 
  not just because they were not french citizens but because many of the armies were still segregated ( including the us one ) . 
  eisenhower himself wanted the units in the parade to be all white . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7984436.stm ), 
  i remember pablo iglesias mentioning them in a speech once . 
  is that being considered as an option in serbia ? 
  also how many ( if any ) of these migrants have applied for asylum in serbia ? 
  many of these people already found refuge in countries neighbouring their own before they made the journey to europe . 
  there are afghans who have arrived in greece who spent many years in refugee camps in iran and elsewhere . 
  yes , their country of origin is still in conflict , but are they really refugees or economic migrants ( especially since they already found safety ) ? 
  hungary passed which meant you could be prosecuted for illegal border crossing . 
  could n't france do something similar ? 
  i mean , are these people in france legally or illegally ? 
  i do n't know how much worse the situation in calais has to get/or what these people have to do for the french police to act . 
  many , many of them are totally disrespecting french law , the french state in addition to causing problems for the residents of calais . 
  i think it is pretty clear that these people are economic migrants and should be treated as such . 
  yes , some of them come from countries that are not safe but if they were truly seeking safety they 'd be staying in the safe countries they have to get through to get to calais , instead of going to wealthy countries in northern europe ( which are also coincidentally ones with strong welfare states ) . 
  there is a slight difference between building a fence and a [ 40-80 foot wall . 
  ] ( http://trailblazersblog.dallasnews.com/files/2016/02/wall2.png ) however , i get what you 're saying . 
  the existing walls have already `` sharply reduced flows '' according to the article , or rather have diverted the migrant flows to routes where the borders are less secure . 
  is there a reason for another wall/fence ? 
  the existing ones seem to achieved their desired purpose last year at the height of the migrant crisis . 
  even in places that share many ( if not all ) the same values , they are interpreted in different ways . 
  for example , in the united states , as in my country , the constitution forbids the establishment of a state religion and consequently means that religion is not taught in public schools ( if i am not mistaken ) . 
  in contrast , here the vast majority of public schools are faith schools ( especially at primary level ) . 
  merci !, 
  we had this issue in ireland as the country has a very small sikh community . 
  people were wondering if they 'd be allowed join the police here and wear the turban at the same time ( the men that is ) . 
  it was decided not to allow it and i fully support the decision . 
  you would n't happen to have a link to discussions about that on / r/france ? 
  i 'd be interested and can read french . 
  muslim women are forced to take the headscarf off every day in france in order to access public education or public buildings . 
  that makes some people 's blood boil and is resented quite a lot by france 's muslim population ( in my experience ) . 
  is that generating propaganda for isis too ? 
  but otherwise i agree with the sentiment of your post . 
  it really seems the peaceful coexistence between people of different faiths ( including muslims and non-muslims ) in france is breaking down with every attack and every strong armed measure by the authorities . 
  the head of domestic intelligence in france patrick calvar warned recently of the threat of ethnic clashes :  `` extremism is on the rise everywhere , '' mr calvar said . 
  `` the ultra-right is looking forward to confrontation . 
  this confrontation , i think it will happen .
