  `` in 20 , maybe 30 years , things will be better . '' his pottery is one of the only successful enterprises for miles -- the small clay pots , ornaments and crockery made by hand , baked and painted in a tiny workshop on the edge of the village are exported to portugal and turkey . 
  the business employs five people . 
  `` we must look after ourselves , '' says retsis . 
  `` we can not think that others will come and help us . '' from this month , new levies will mean the taxes paid by his business will jump 29 per cent , he says , while his payments to a state healthcare fund will rise by $ 4,000 . 
  but he is still optimistic . 
  `` democracy is based on some men working and some men thinking . 
  ancient greece had 1,000 thinkers for every 4,000 workers . 
  today , many work , but far too many just sit and think , '' he says , chuckling . 
  `` the greek people should be blamed . 
  we voted for these people , '' he concludes . 
  `` yes , the government makes it harder and harder for people to make a living , to have a farm , to run a business . 
  but we must try . 
  you can not just sit there and wait for them to come and kill you . '' * henry foy is the ft 's central europe correspondent photographs : antonis theodoridis ; getty ; reuters *, 
  austerity , they say , is the only way to put the economy on a sustainable footing , and to allow greece to remain part of the eurozone . 
  greek politicians , and at least 3.6 million greeks who voted to reject the troika 's demands in a referendum in july 2015 -- despite the threat of eurozone eviction -- disagree . 
  they say that creditors must forgive some of the debt greece owes , and that austerity is only hurting a population that will never be able to raise the money needed to pay the debt in full . 
  `` the situation is worsening , '' says ekavi valleras , general manager of desmos , a humanitarian ngo that coordinates assistance for those hit by the crisis . 
  `` the thing we see that is most needed right now is food . 
  that shows that the problems are about essentials , not about quality of life . 
  it is about subsistence , '' she says . 
  nikos konstantopoulous has felt the decline first-hand . 
  the chain-smoking farmer is mayor of roviata , a small village an hour 's drive from efyra where tracks snaking away from the main road are dotted with permanently shuttered buildings . 
  `` we have reached the bottom , '' he says . 
  `` we do n't work here . 
  we do n't have money . 
  so , we do n't make a life . 
  everyone here dreams of leaving . '' only 150 people now live in roviata , and almost two-thirds are retired . 
  konstantopoulous is one of three farmers left in what was once a bustling agricultural centre , growing grapes , tomatoes and corn . 
  ever since the village school was shuttered , his son has had to travel to one 7km away . 
  `` my father had nine children . 
  i have one . 
  there is one child born here for every 15 deaths , '' he says . 
  `` in the end there will be nobody , and no village . '' dressed in a red polo shirt and ripped jeans , konstantopoulous sits in the corner of a small caf\u00e9 . 
  there used to be seven other caf\u00e9s here but now only two remain for those in need of a cup of thick greek coffee . 
  outside , a rusting yellow excavator is tearing up the village 's only major road junction to lay some new pipes . 
  the next day , a long thin scar of fresh tarmac will remain as proof that , sometimes , local authorities spend money here . 
  konstantopoulous laughs when this is pointed out . 
  `` we applied for this work in 1992 , '' he says , inhaling deeply on his cigarette . 
  `` the government should do more . 
  but there is a crisis , right ? 
  there is nothing they can do . '' as he talks , riot police in athens , more than 200km away along a half-finished motorway , are firing tear gas at retirees protesting against cuts to pension payments . 
  such clashes have been frequent throughout the crisis and are continuing . 
  tsipras , who was elected almost two years ago on a surge of popular support for his anti-austerity and anti-establishment rhetoric , now finds himself arguing for deeper cuts to government spending and greater financial support from the troika . 
  his centrist opponents , who have built a commanding lead over the ruling syriza party -- 16 per cent according to an average of recent polls -- say that his delays in implementing the terms of the bailouts have compounded the problem , inflicted more damage on the economy and ensured greece remains a fiscal pariah on the international markets , where historically low interest rates could have offered the country some respite . 
  in roviata , the blame is laid on the politicians who spent the 27 years of greece 's eu membership before the crisis loading the country with debt to fund increased defence expenditure , more public sector jobs and higher pension and other social benefit payments . 
  `` all the mistakes we are paying for now we created in the past , ourselves , '' says yannis retsis , 58 , a sports teacher at a nearby school who visits the village every afternoon to see his 85-year-old father . 
  `` what happened to the economy was like spending all the money you have on a ferrari and then giving it to your five-year-old . 
  to waste all of that money for nothing is not a mistake . 
  it is a crime . 
  i do not trust what any of them say . '' like much of rural greece , the region of elis , home to roviata and efyra , used to be a stronghold for the centre-left . 
  in the 2009 general election , 55 per cent of voters backed pasok , the social-democratic party that has ruled greece alone or as part of a coalition for 23 of the past 42 years . 
  but when the true cost of the financial crisis began to bite , elis , like other regions across the country , turned against both pasok and new democracy -- its centre-right rival with whom it had shared power since 1974 . 
  in the january 2015 election that propelled syriza to power , 38 per cent of the region backed tsipras 's leftwingers , part of a wave of support for the radicals who had promised to overturn austerity policies . 
  many , including retsis , thought that the far-left firebrand was a hero for calling the referendum and urging citizens to vote against another bailout and more austerity . 
  now tsipras is seen as a traitor for backtracking . 
  retsis believes he was duped . 
  fresh taxes levied on the schoolteacher 's house , car and land mean new payments to the government worth $ 140 a month , before income tax , living costs or any debt repayments . 
  a teacher 's starting salary at a rural school is $ 650 per month . 
  his son works night shifts in a nearby town , cleaning dishes in a bar from 7pm to 4am . 
  he gets paid $ 20 for nine hours ' work . 
  such low employment and income prospects in the villages , combined with the new taxes , are making rural life impossible . 
  `` the greek tax system traditionally relies heavily on indirect taxes , which are considered less ` fair ' because they affect everyone , rich and poor , '' says thodoris georgakopoulos , director at dianeosis . 
  `` the tax burden has largely shifted towards the diminishing middle class , while recent direct taxes like the new estate tax have affected households that have seen their income decline greatly during the crisis . 
  the rise of vat , meanwhile , only adds to the cost of life of poor families . '' retsis moved from athens to roviata as a 25-year-old . 
  soon , he says , his children will make the reverse journey , as almost all their local friends have already done . 
  `` all the children want to leave , because here they feel strangled , '' he says . 
  `` this is one of my main fears : what will happen to the villages and the land in 15 years ? 
  you see only buildings . 
  not people . 
  without people there is no life . 
  `` i do not know the solution . 
  but i can recognise the problem , '' he says . 
  `` maybe we will all soon vote for golden dawn , '' he muses , referring to the ultranationalist neo-nazi party that has 18 seats in the 300-strong parliament . 
  `` the people are desperate . 
  when people are desperate they make mistakes , dangerous mistakes . '' greece 's poverty is not restricted to its historically poorer rural areas . 
  while the metropolises are far richer in statistical terms -- athens has roughly twice the gdp per capita of elis , for example -- hundreds of thousands are struggling in the cities and dianeosis 's research suggests levels of absolute poverty are higher than in rural areas . 
  in the country 's capital , people curl up on benches outside charity-run hospitals , while scores of homeless sleep in the doorways around the largest road junctions . 
  soup kitchens feed thousands of athenians each day . 
  nine thousand people in athens ( out of a population of about 665,000 ) are homeless and 71 per cent of those began sleeping rough over the past five years , according to a survey supported by the city 's mayor . 
  drug addicts and prostitutes can be seen yards from hotels where tourists pay $ 200 per night for a room with a view of the acropolis . 
  `` more than 1.6 million greeks do not earn enough to afford the absolute necessities to survive , '' says georgakopoulos , whose research estimates that 71 per cent of the country 's unemployed are living in absolute poverty . 
  `` the problem is indeed acute and also largely overlooked and misunderstood . '' compounding greece 's struggles has been its location as the frontline of europe 's migration crisis , confronting a surge in arrivals from the middle east and north africa over the past two years . 
  ** a greek tragedy : how much can one nation take ? 
  ** * greece 's economic crisis has disappeared from the minds of many in europe , but inside the country , the pain is only getting worse * * 4 hours ago by : henry foy * it has been more than 3,000 years since the remote greek village of efyra had its moment of fame . 
  perched on one of the rolling hills that undulate across the peloponnese towards the western coast , it was named by homer himself as a place that odysseus once visited . 
  today , efyra draws no such strangers on heroic quests . 
  it is lucky if the local bus , which strains to climb the twisting path to the town , stops more than once a day . 
  for those who live here , it is not just its mythical past that prompts them to look back : many locals say it has no future . 
  `` we are in danger , '' says aggelos petropoulos , a local baker and the village 's mayor . 
  `` everything is getting worse . 
  next year will be more so . 
  old people will die . 
  young people will not stay . 
  we need help . '' this is a plea increasingly heard across greece , after more than eight years of financial catastrophe . 
  today the country has become a byword for the brutal economic , political and social fallout that followed the 2008 crisis . 
  the economy shrunk almost a third in the ensuing years , and the government is effectively bankrupt without outside support : it owes about $ 320bn -- not far from double its gross domestic product of $ 181bn . 
  the effects of such economic hardship are now being felt across the country . 
  unemployment is at 23 per cent and 44 per cent of those aged 15-24 are out of work . 
  more than a fifth of greeks get by without basics such as heating or a telephone connection . 
  in 2015 , 15 per cent of the population lived in extreme poverty compared with 2 per cent in 2009 , according to a recent study by dianeosis , a greek ngo .
