  firstly , mas would n't have gone as far as he has if it was just a strategy to stay in power . 
  he risks prosecution now for misuse of public money over the 9n and he has also tried to internationalise the issue . 
  secondly , the impression i get from speaking to catalans i meet here in dublin is that this is a very real movement and that most of them believed independence wo n't be long coming . 
  however , these are personal experiences and i have no idea what the general mood is in catalonia . 
  from afar it is clear that the movement is able to draw on big displays of public support ( see the last diada ) . 
  what mas and the nationalists do n't realise is that the next general election has the potential to be a game changer , particularly as a result of podemos and ciudadanos . 
  but if rajoy manages to stay in power after the next election , i can only see this getting worse . 
  the only thing i see as revealing is that the markets do n't consider catalan independence as likely . 
   ciu , the catalan nationalist party currently pushing for independence has traditionally been an ally of the pp . 
  this you 'll have to explain to me . 
  my understanding was that the pp was strongly disliked in catalonia and that the party has antagonised ( puteado ) catalans in the past . 
  the party is also seen as strongly opposed to its language and identity ( remember wert saying he wanted to `` espa\u00f1olizar a los ni\u00f1os catalanes '' ) . 
  finally , rajoy 's opposition to the statute of autonomy helped create this current mess if i recall correctly . 
  either way is it likely for the ciu to jump into bed with the pp after the next election given the current mess ? 
  my suspicion is that it will be hard for them to backtrack , especially after the catalan elections in september . 
  a vicious attack like this happened to a guy i know here in dublin recently as he left a nightclub . 
  the only difference was there was no racial motivation ( both assailants and the victim were white irish ) . 
  these kind of horrible things do happen ( especially when drugs/alcohol are involved ) . 
  there are many , many things that could be said about this article , but i only have time to mention two :  it may be that the current leadership of catalonia is using the national debate around independence to extract concessions from madrid , but this is a dangerous game . 
  * catalan leaders , including mr. mas , have failed to honestly present these costs to catalan voters . 
  * no , it is up to the spanish government and the unionist camp to present those costs to the catalans ( along with whatever arguments they see as supporting the union ) . 
  but that would imply a referendum of some sort , allowing catalans to have a choice in the matter and both sides to make their cases . 
   because this issue is so obscure and almost overlooked in the u.s. , artur mas will likely get a polite but limited hearing of his point of view in new york at columbia . 
  probably , but even when rajoy goes to the us he does n't get that much attention . 
  unless you 're aligned with powerful interests over there ( see netanyahu 's address to congress ) , politicians from the rest of the world attract mild interest if anything . 
  it 's infuriating that saudi arabia , the country that does not allow a single church , insists on actively funding mosques overseas ( including in europe ) . 
   even in middle ages europe , bible literalism was mostly not favoured because the bible itself was written . 
  i disagree . 
  biblical literalism was applied quite thoroughly with regards creationism ( and the latter still exists today among certain christians ) . 
  although not necessarily a result of biblical literalism , heresy was also widely punishable by death in the middle ages until the 19th century . 
  i think a lot has to be said for the enlightenment challenging how people interpreted the bible and their faith . 
  yeah , i was under the impression that there was a lot of hostility towards outsiders in gypsy camps and villages in romania ( going by what people have told me ) . 
  one thing that is strange when you think about it is that we do n't eat that much fish or seafood here , despite being an island . 
  yes and no . 
  we 're associated with potatoes and when i was in the states i was asked if we ate a lot of them . 
  that is one stereotype that is relatively accurate . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are peoples of all faiths ( and those with none ) in sweden . 
  happy passover to you by the way . 
  was that in any way brainwashing ? 
  we did a similar thing in economics in school here , but it was a very small part of the class and i see it now as more about understanding how the system works ( for better or for worse ) . 
  can i ask how his reforms are coming along ? 
  elections are on the way both in catalonia and in spain as a whole . 
  do you think that will change the deadlock so that they come to an agreement over this ? 
  this . 
  i ca n't think of a more effective argument that the catalans ' voice is n't heard while part of spain than by ignoring the wishes of a large part ( if not a majority ) of the population . 
  even if they are are n't the majority , there are enough of them to warrant an election . 
  podemos is in favour of the right to decide at least . 
   so what , we do n't care about the spanish constitution , we 're forming a new state . 
  i hate to say this but the separatists in ukraine do n't care about the ukrainian constitution either as they are `` forming a new state . '', 
  what is the difference ? 
  that 's a bit harsh man . 
  many people elsewhere in europe would n't like it either ( that 's the sad reality ) . 
  in france , for example , all the regional languages and cultures are strongly suppressed in favour of french . 
  the far right ( which is sadly on the up ) is also [ opposed to the promotion of those cultures ] ( http://www.frontnational.com/2014/01/langues-regionales-ou-minoritaires-une-dangereuse-breche-dans-la-republique/ ) as well as opposing [ political structures that might recognise them in any way . 
  ] ( http://gaelle.hautetfort.com/media/01/01/560781989.png ) then of course there is russia , where advocating separatism ( or independence ) [ can result in you being prosecuted . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/24/russia-toughens-punishment-separatist-ideas ) that effectively makes political parties and movements ( like in your country and mine ) that advocate independence/separatism / `` europe of nations '' impossible . 
  the title is my fault and i apologise . 
  i generally try to avoid editing titles . 
  on a side note , junqueras ( maybe even mas ) is well aware of [ this precedent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_general_election,_1918 ) of using a parliamentary election as a general plebiscite on independence . 
  i remember junqueras mentioning that in an interview . 
  what happens if this ciu and erc bloc gets a plurality of seats but not a majority ? 
   a retired irish air accident investigator ... paddy judge . 
  appropriately named . 
  exactly . 
  racist attacks may be uncommon but they are still horrific . 
  even if the number is low , it 's frightening when they are [ carried out by members of a large political party . 
  ] ( http://m.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24363776 ), 
  interesting term . 
  it flies in the face of milton friedman 's argument that freer markets led to freer people . 
  that is the great game . 
  russia is strongly opposed to separatism within its borders , [ where advocating it can result in imprisonment . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/24/russia-toughens-punishment-separatist-ideas ) however , it realised a long time ago that it supporting separatist movements in neighbouring countries is a useful way to destabilise them . 
  in case you get caught behind a paywall : '' ` tragic ' is when eu bureaucrats do n't recognise a good idea sir , on receiving the greek proposal to enlist citizens and tourists in their fight against value added tax evasion , eurozone officials `` laughed out loud '' and described the proposal as `` quite hilarious , if it were not so tragic '' ( `` greece hatches ` tragic ' plan for tourists to act as tax spies to unlock $ 7bn bailout '' , march 4 ) . 
  what is really tragic is that greece is at the mercy of a narrow-minded , unimaginative , and arrogant european bureaucracy ignorant of local culture and history and incapable of recognising truly creative , promising , innovative ideas that might help greece out of its horrendous predicament . 
  combating value added tax evasion is central to any attempt to rebuild the greek government 's ability to secure revenues commensurate to the needs of an industrialised economy . 
  anyone with the slightest experience of life in countries where value added tax is routinely flouted ( a category that clearly does not include the officials in question ) knows that no matter how sternly the government promises fines and punishments for the evaders , nothing will change until the deeply ingrained culture of tacit acquiescence by customers is broken . 
  the greek government should be commended for coming up with a clever idea to give incentives to customers to turn from passive abetters to whistleblowers for tax officials . 
  there are precedents for similar ideas elsewhere . 
  in the 1990s italy fined customers who left a shop without a receipt , and argentina exchanged receipts for lottery tickets . 
  both measures yielded large changes in tax receipts and , perhaps more importantly , did much to shatter the culture of passive acquiescence . 
  it is a fair bet that eurozone officials would have laughed out loud if confronted with such ideas . 
  far better to carry on destroying the economy and living standards with the current litany of cuts in employment , social transfers and social services . 
  francesco caselli london school of economics , uk '', 
  * sigh . 
  * this attitude is surprisingly common in ireland too . 
  essentially it 's saying : `` we have swallowed the bitter medicine of austerity , you better too . '', 
  in the case of greece , they have put up with huge austerity measures already , which have ( partially ) resulted in the country losing 25 percent of its gdp . 
  by the way , `` facing responsibilities '' ( at least in the troika 's mind ) involves greece running a large primary surplus of 4.5 percent of gdp and reducing its debt by 6 percent a year . 
  all that in a country that has no independent monetary policy , has 25 percent unemployment and has debt at over 170 percent of gdp . 
  in case any of you get stuck behind a paywall : `` all we ask is that europe give greece a chance , yannis dragasakis we risk condemning an entire generation to a future without hope , writes yannis dragasakis it is a common belief that the greek government is seeking special treatment relative to other stressed eurozone members . 
  we are not ; we are seeking equal treatment . 
  since the onset of the crisis , our economy has shrunk 26 per cent ; unemployment has risen from 8 to 26 per cent ; and wages have declined 33 per cent . 
  these outcomes are worse than those experienced by any country during the 1930s and far worse than those projected under the two greek adjustment programmes . 
  this is why the greek government has criticised these programmes . 
  our fiscal adjustment has been larger than in other countries . 
  since 2009 , spending cuts and tax increases amounting to more than 45 per cent of household disposable income have been implemented . 
  in portugal it was 20 per cent ; in italy and ireland 15 per cent . 
  not only have the fiscal measures been larger , but for each percentage point of consolidation , the economy has contracted more . 
  this is because the greek economy is less open than others ; any decline in demand hits domestically produced goods more than imports .
