  mr puigdemont himself belongs to the more mainstream pro-independence junts pel si alliance , which controls 62 out of 135 seats in the catalan parliament . 
  to govern , however , he needs the 10 votes of the popular unity candidacy ( cup ) , a radical anti-establishment party that shares the objective of independence but little else with mr puigdemont . 
  thursday 's confidence vote was called after the cup deputies refused to back a new regional budget for catalonia . 
  its leaders have said they will support mr puigdemont in the vote -- but most analysts expect the tensions between the two allies to remain in the months ahead . 
  ah so you 're british originally ? 
  i got confused by the flair . 
  either way , thanks for answering and all the best . 
  i 'm curious how you irish grandfather ended up in romania ? 
  sounds like an interesting story . 
  while these people are entitled to one ( presumably ) , i am astounded by the hypocrisy of those in favour of brexit who are now seeking an irish passport to avoid its consequences and frankly have no attachment to ireland whatsoever . 
  in northern ireland , the mp ian paisley junior called for brexit and then for northern irish unionists to apply for irish citizenship . 
  the dup in particular represents the more hardline side of the unionists who strongly identify as british , are very hostile to irish unification and often look down on irish culture . 
  i find it ironic that they would choose to become irish citizens . 
  no worries , we all make mistakes . 
  i hate to be pedantic but it 's `` if you * live * in the basque country . '', 
   there is no such thing as ethnic nationalism here huh ? 
  people like theodor herzl were atheists yet were still very much in favor of the creation of a jewish nation state . 
  he even talked about jewish people as if they were one people . 
  how is that not being an ethnic nationalist of some sort ? 
  i 've talked to americans who were dumbstruck when i told them that that circumcision was not common in my country . 
  this case has come up before and been discussed on / r/europe , so i thought people here might be interested . 
  so are many religious converts . 
  in quite a few cases they become more zealous than the rest of the religious community . 
  i know a few people who worked for the web summit here . 
  they really did n't have good things to say about the founder paddy cosgrove . 
  i 've also talked to people who worked for the conference centre that hosted the summit . 
  they said he was really , really rude to the staff that worked there . 
  so i wish the portuguese better luck than we had . 
  on another note , when the web summit moved to lisbon it caused quite a storm here for a couple of days . 
  what i meant was that the monetary union might collapse altogether or countries may abandon it ( such as greece or other countries in southern europe ) . 
  or maybe putin is happy in that trump wants to improve relations with russia despite its aggression towards its neighbors ( see his acceptance of russian annexation of crimea ) . 
  added to that is trump 's ambivalence towards nato allies . 
  it seems like a good deal for putin if trump gets elected . 
  i 've said it before and i will say it again , the single currency has big problems that render it unstable and may yet lead to the breakup of the eurozone . 
  until those problems are addressed , i really do n't think more countries should join it . 
   when a community is going through some period of stress -- a war , or economic hardship -- they are historically far more likely to identify and turn on scapegoats in their midst . 
  anxiety is transferred to some readily identifiable group : jews , foreigners , homosexuals , gypsies -- the victims of this kind of prejudice have in some cases been suffering for centuries . 
  sometimes , barely credible powers are attributed to these groups , and they become a catch-all explanation for everything that has gone wrong in a society . 
  your kids ca n't get a house ? 
  it 's the immigrants . 
  it 's the immigrants . 
  ca n't see a doctor in a&e ? 
  it 's the immigrants . 
  traffic on the m4 ? 
  it 's the immigrants . 
  boris johnson , 2015 . 
  just so you know , some commentators on the left argue that china 's actions are all the us ' fault :  [ ... ] china building airstrips in the spratly islands , which are the subject of a dispute with the philippines -- a dispute without priority until washington pressured and bribed the government in manila and the pentagon launched a propaganda campaign called `` freedom of navigation '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://newmatilda.com/2016/03/23/john-pilger-why-hillary-clinton-is-more-dangerous-than-donald-trump/ ), 
  are you french by any chance ? 
  but yes , some of the opinions there are quite shocking . 
  you 're right . 
  the head of domestic intelligence services in france put it like this :  `` extremism is on the rise everywhere , '' mr calvar said . 
  `` the ultra-right is looking forward to confrontation . 
  this confrontation , i think it will happen . 
  one or two more attacks and it will happen . '' i 've said it before but the threat of violence between the muslim and non-muslim communities is very real . 
  on the one hand , the threat of violence from jihadists is such that jews in places like marseille [ are under serious threat . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35445025 ) there has already been what has been referred to as an [ internal aliyah ] ( https://medium.com/@b_judah/islam-and-the-french-republic-from-the-banlieus-to-le-pen-land-92d8a1fbf0e0#.w009pgse1 ) of jews moving away from arab/muslim neighborhoods for their safety . 
  then there have been many mosques vandalised in reprisal for attacks and growing anger among the non-muslim population ( here 's a [ sample ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/france-church-attack-tensions-mount-in-town-after-priest-killing-1.2736590 ) ) . 
  as mr. calvar points out , this could result in much more violent attacks or all out conflict . 
  but there is a social welfare state to look after you if you do n't have a job , free healthcare , free education and social housing . 
  ** immigrants pay for poland 's fiery rhetoric ** politicians accused as islamophobia sparks rise in hate crimes * by : zosia wasik and henry foy in warsaw * a syrian man is beaten on the streets of warsaw . 
  a black child is expelled from a playground in a town in south-east poland . 
  volunteers form patrol groups to guard against possible illegal immigrants in the central city of lodz . 
  poland 's never again association , which tracks racist and xenophobic incidents in the country , used to record between five and 10 such events each week . 
  for the past year , they say they have been reaching that level daily . 
  `` recently we have had problems keeping up with gathering and registering all the information that we get because there is so much of it , '' said rafal pankowski , its co-founder . 
  while official statistics from 2016 are not yet available , mr pankowski says he has seen a substantial increase from last year when , according to government data , 962 hate crimes were investigated in poland , 38 per cent more than in 2014 . 
  poland 's battle with a rise in hate crimes comes as polish immigrants face increased attacks in the uk since its vote to leave the eu . 
  rights groups say the rise in attacks in the country reflects an increase in islamophobia that shows no sign of abating . 
  muslims were the group most targeted by hate speech in poland in 2015 , replacing lgbt and roma communities as the country 's most affected minority . 
  `` this aggression mainly affects people with different looks , those who have different skin colour , '' said tomasz mi\u015bkiewicz of poland 's muslim religious association . 
  mr mi\u015bkiewicz believes that europe 's `` migration problem '' has inflamed attitudes and called for polish children to be better educated about cultural differences . 
  poland 's 20,000 muslims account for about 0.05 per cent of a population that is overwhelmingly catholic and the eu 's most homogenous . 
  while neighbouring germany has seen a big influx of muslim refugees , poland accepted only 206 from syria last year , and has rejected an eu plan to play a role in resettling migrants across the bloc . 
  nevertheless , polish political rhetoric increasingly depicts a society threatened , a theme common to other countries in central and eastern europe . 
  nationalist and populist politicians have told citizens that their safety , security and identity are endangered by immigrants . 
  jaroslaw kaczynski , leader of the ruling conservative law and justice party and the country 's most powerful politician warned before last year 's elections that immigrants could bring `` parasites ... and diseases '' to poland . 
  that has led some human rights groups to suggest political rhetoric is partly to blame for the increased violence . 
  `` everything started with the electoral campaign , '' said adam bodnar , poland 's commissioner for human rights , an office independent from the government , referring to last year 's parliamentary elections . 
  `` at that time those were not only [ political ] statements but also demonstrations , hate speech , increase of hate in the internet ... it became simply enormous . '' andrzej duda , the polish president , in july used the commemoration of the kielce pogrom , an outbreak of violence against poland 's jewish community in 1946 , to say that in poland `` there is no place for any kind of prejudice , no place for racism , xenophobia , anti-semitism '' . 
  at the same time , mr kaczynski warned that accepting muslim refugees would `` threaten poland 's security '' , while zbigniew ziobro , the country 's justice minister , has said the ruling party is the only defence against `` islamic districts in poland . '' the government has closed down the country 's council against racial discrimination , xenophobia and intolerance , withdrawn a textbook issued to police for the past decade to differentiate between normal crimes and hate crimes , and passed anti-terror legislation that allows it to spy on foreign nationals and detain them without court approval - all in the past six months . 
  the moves have drawn attention from abroad . 
  before pope francis 's visit to the country in july , a vatican statement criticised `` an artificially created fear of muslims '' in poland . 
  `` unfortunately these fears are fuelled by some political parties , and inappropriate statements made by politicians , '' said pawel rytel-andrianik , a spokesman for polish bishops . 
  `` a correlation is very clear ... between what we can call hate speech of the political class and those assaults , '' he said . 
  `` it creates certain social climate , certain ambience , and certain legitimisation of xenophobic behaviour . '', 
  i just realised i forgot to answer you . 
  saudi arabia will most likely continue to actively fund and support salafists irrelevant of britain 's actions . 
  but in my opinion the regime there is strengthened by the the arm sales and faces no consequences over its support of salafism . 
  then of course , theresa may can seriously talk about fighting radicalisation/extremism if the uk keeps rolling out the red carpet for one of its main bankrollers . 
  thanks very much . 
  you too . 
   what is going now as a main stream in muslim world is not secularization , just opposite : revival of islam like a main social and political ideology . 
  exactly that . 
  [ the revival even has a wikipedia article about it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_revival ), 
  do you have any examples of stories of what the british media has been saying about the eastern european community ? 
  i apologise for that and will be more careful in the future . 
  to be honest , i am . 
  i do n't want a witch hunt or to judge people the same based on their nationality ( i have syrian friends here ) .
