  on the one hand , [ direct and indirect taxes have already gone up ] ( http://www.advoco.es/hot-topics/102-spanish-income-tax-rates.html ) in order to try and manage the budget deficit , so it would be very hard to sell a lower minimum wage or reduced wages . 
  secondly , the governing party in spain has [ already tried to render its labour markets more flexible ] ( http://www.thespanisheconomy.com/sitecollectiondocuments/en-gb/economic%20policy%20measures/120517%20labour%20market%20reform,%20brief%20description.pdf ) . 
  with unemployment dangerously high this was a risky but necessary move to make . 
  since a lot of people still in employment are supporting family units with no other income , i ca n't see them reducing salaries anytime soon . 
  i agree with you about the simplistic narratives , but they still really get on my nerves . 
  the fact that politicians are doing it and not just the press is , in my view , grossly irresponsible given the scale of the crisis . 
  it 's pretty clear from the figures that there needs to be a concerted effort ( perhaps even a eurozone wide one ) to address the structural as well as fiscal problems in the club-med countries . 
  simply put , selling the idea that it 's all the fault of the greeks/germans/spanish / etc. 
  instead of promoting greater solidarity is not only counterproductive , but dangerous given the current situation . 
  thank you for the very interesting and detailed response . 
  i understand it a lot better now . 
  pardon my ignorance , but is the spd apologetic about something ? 
  i would have thought since it 's been out of power for a few years , it 'd be on the offensive and saying that it could run the country better . 
  the article mentions that germany abstained from the vote on this issue last month . 
  can anybody fill me in on what their stance is ? 
  it 'd be interesting to know . 
  i have to say , your english is amazing . 
  um ... are n't people a little concerned about those wolfpacks ? 
  as far as i know wolves need a lot of land and an adequate food supply which is why they are never likely to be reintroduced to ireland . 
  maybe look at some conversion courses in your country or in other countries in the eu . 
  there might n't be many into engineering but i 'm sure there are openings into financial services , marketing and computer science . 
  there have been problems with statistics offices in the past and you 're right that is part of the reason why we are in this mess . 
  but as part of the `` six-pack '' of eu regulations in 2011 , all member states are supposed to ensure the `` professional independence '' of their statistics offices . 
  i think it was reg . 
  1174/2011 if you 'd like to look it up . 
  also one of the first things they did when greece was bailed out was ensure the independence of elstat ( the greek statistics agency ) . 
  so while the statistics were getting paint a dire picture , i think we can be reasonably certain that they paint an accurate one . 
  spain 's debt as a percentage of gdp is actually lower than the uk 's . 
  the crucial difference though is that the ecb 's mandate does n't state that it acts as a lender of last resort , which means that spain has to borrow at much higher interest rates . 
  i assume though that there must be a considerable number working illegally as lared930 said . 
  the figures are simply to big to be sustainable otherwise . 
  i do know that huge numbers of people are depending on their extended family at the moment . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/29/world/europe/spains-elders-bearing-burden-of-recession.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ), 
  thanks for the post . 
  but i 'm curious as to who he really appeals to . 
  in the us , krugman writes a lot but would probably be seen as a `` liberal '' appealing to the american centre-left . 
  i 'd also like to know how influential he is because quite frankly what he is proposing is frightening for somebody from one of the giips countries . 
  in the interview in * el pa\u00eds * , he talks about 10 more years of recession and internal devaluation . 
  if that 's the policy he 's proposing and advocating in his articles , then it 's only fair to ask how influential he really is . 
  if he does just publish articles and has a funny beard ( as you say ) , then maybe we do n't have as much to worry about . 
  i think it 's time for those mid-day meal programmes to be made compulsory in the peripheral countries that are suffering so much . 
  if the greek state ca n't pay for it , then somebody else can . 
  but really an important step to ensure the welfare of these children and to stop the rise of golden dawn . 
  think about it , if children across greece were served meals provided by the eu , it would cut a lot of the far-right 's support . 
  be right back , getting a snack ... , 
  is there any chance of the president using his emergency powers to dissolve parliament and call new elections ? 
  given the huge challenges italy is facing that sounds like the best option . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.tercerainformacion.es/spip.php?article49060 ) the author of the article 's take on the controversy ( in spanish ) . 
   portuguese are probably the most depressive people in southern europe i 'm surprised to hear that from a portuguese person , as i heard it once from a spanish friend who lived there for a long time . 
  do you have any idea why that 's the case ? 
  quite frankly most of us are jealous of how efficient the germans are . 
  in an ideal world , we would like to follow in their footsteps by focusing on exports and having better public institutions . 
  in order for the eu to do that it would need to have some fiscal controls of its own . 
  at the moment the eu budget is less than 1 % of its gdp . 
  about half of that is spent on the cap and another quarter on supporting regions . 
  basically even if the eu budget doubled overnight it would still not be enough as us budgets frequently surpass 30 % of gdp . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_budget ), 
  true , but it 's hard to even begin to identify with something that is constantly changing . 
  in the last ten years it 's moved from being a club of 15 to 27 with uncertainty as to where expansion will end . 
  at the very least the remaining former yugoslav republics plus albania will join . 
  on the other hand , maybe even turkey will join someday , making the club radically different . 
  in terms of politics , i ca n't see how the current framework , where member states maintain their own policies in foreign affairs , is going to get any better with increased membership . 
  catherine ashton 's job is so difficult as she is trying to speak on behalf of 27 different states ( each with their own foreign policy ) . 
  foreign policy is just an example , but how is that going to get any better when she has to speak on behalf of 30 or more member states ? 
  apart from membership , i think there is another big problem with regards how the eu is run . 
  ireland is a country that has twice voted against eu treaties , but on both occasions one of the main reasons is that people did n't understand the treaties . 
  again , it 's hard for people to understand and familiarise themselves with an institution that keeps changing , even if those changes are designed to incorporate new member states . 
  to answer the op 's question , the only solution i can see is for two-track integration , whereby the euro countries can move ahead and where more reluctant members can take their time . 
  but the need for some kind of fiscal integration at the very least is pressing , given that several eurozone members have unemployment coming close to 30 % . 
  as long as it 's being done legally then i fail to see why cypriots should be subject to this . 
  as president schulz ( president of the european parliament ) mentions , this is punishment of all savers . 
  ( thanks to krattr for bringing this up ) . 
  i thought merkel was advocating ( apparently without irony ) that [ we learn lessons from swabian housewives , ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhc2iujeogu ) by saving and being prudent with money . 
  downvote this all you want , but it 's also important to remember that while cyprus was one of the richer countries admitted into the eu in 2004 , the average monthly wage is [ only 80 % of that of germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_in_europe_by_monthly_average_wage ) . 
  simply put , even if it is only 6.75 % , this is going to affect ordinary citizens as much as russian bank holders . 
  there is the big question over which way the vote would go if independence meant leaving the eu . 
  as some other people mention here there are a lot of unknowns in this process . 
  however , my bet is that they will host a referendum of some sort by 2014 . 
  interesting but what about the moriscos ( crypto-muslims ) who were expelled around 1609-1614 ? 
  surely they have just as much of a right to spanish citizenship now that this has been granted to sephardi jews . 
  i 'd like to see farage and ukip 's spin on this . 
  according to them , the eu means cheap labour coming to push down wages and take your job . 
  evidently , brits can not only get jobs ( or take them if you will ) in the rest of the eu , but get elected to public office too . 
  can you see fptp changing anytime soon ? 
  personally i ca n't see that happening anytime soon ( especially since the av referendum failed ) . 
  but as an outsider , it 's interesting that murdoch 's empire is now in favour of getting rid of it , as doing so would favour a party on the right ( ukip ) . 
  rajoy and the pp have tried to ignore this problem so far . 
  do you really think they will change now ? 
  what do you think rajoy will propose ? 
  will the pp agree to negotiate or agree to anything ? 
  the stance they have taken with regards catalan demands for more autonomy has ( partly ) led to this situation . 
  is that still their position though ? 
  sadly people promise things during election campaigns and then do the opposite . 
  i thought cup said they would n't support independence if they did n't have the majority of votes ? 
  it 's comment seems pretty good from what i have seen . 
  when was it set up anyway ? 
  i do not want to reduce other users here to their nationality . 
  however , in light of the [ cyprus ' dispute , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_dispute ) it might ( partially ) explain the above user 's attitude to separatism . 
  i do n't mean to justify what he said nor take a side in this debate . 
  by the way , look up castellers irlanda if you want to meet some of my catalan friends here .
