  successive rounds of austerity exacerbated the contraction in gross domestic product . 
  and with that the ratio of debt-to-gdp rises , making debt dynamics unmanageable . 
  greece is borrowing ever more to pay back earlier debts . 
  we entered the crisis with a large external deficit . 
  with inflation close to zero , the cuts in relative prices required to lift competitiveness came at a high cost for stressed eurozone countries . 
  output had to contract , generating deflation and worsening the debt dynamics . 
  large debts are hard to stabilise when deflation increases the real value of debt . 
  in the 1920s , the uk ran large primary fiscal surpluses , yet deflation increased its debt-to-gdp ratio . 
  while the crisis has made matters worse for greece and others , it has had unintended -- but positive -- consequences for `` core '' eurozone countries . 
  germany and others have benefited from exchange and interest rates that are lower than they would have faced had they still had their own currencies . 
  the european central bank 's securities market purchase programme aimed to reduce the cost of borrowing of stressed countries by buying their sovereign debt . 
  it also essentially eliminated the greek debt held by banks in the core . 
  greek banks , however , continued to hold large amounts of that debt and the cost of restructuring had to be paid by the greek taxpayer . 
  capital flows from stressed countries have drained liquidity from their banking systems while increasing the lending capacity of the banks in the core . 
  the exodus of skilled labour has diminished the productive capacity of the stressed countries . 
  the effects of this will take a generation or more to reverse . 
  the euro 's progenitors envisaged a monetary union resembling the classical gold standard , under which adjustment between countries with external surpluses and those with external deficits was symmetric . 
  under the euro , the burden of adjustment rests on deficit countries . 
  between 2008 and 2014 , the external balances of the stressed countries have swung from huge deficits to surpluses . 
  the external surpluses of the core are unchanged . 
  as a result , the country is in a position like that of sisyphus -- a man condemned to roll a boulder to the top of a hill , only to see it roll down again . 
  greeks have implemented austerity and have suffered much more than expected . 
  many of the 60 per cent of young people out of work will one day be reclassified as long-term unemployed . 
  we risk condemning an entire generation to a future without hope . 
  to avoid that , what we ask from our eurozone partners is to treat greece as an equal and help us escape from this sisyphean trap . 
  the writer is the deputy prime minister of greece . 
  yanis varoufakis , finance minister , and euclid tsakalotos , minister for international economic affairs , are co-authors . '', 
  was the agreement to keep the base until 2017 somehow invalidated by who took power ? 
  even if ukraine were to join the eu , that would not prevent russia from using ukraine 's ports ( as it can and does use ports in cyprus ) . 
  furthermore , this was n't just about the black sea port . 
  putin argued in 2014 that crimea had never been legitimately party of ukraine and that his actions there were to take protect the russians there from `` fascists . '', 
  he even claimed that ukraine 's jewish population were under threat from euromaidan and the new interim government . 
  finally , the rest of ukraine has now celebrated democratic elections ( despite interference in the electoral process in the separatist controlled areas ) . 
  so its not just `` someone else '' being put in yanukovych 's place , but that the rest of ukraine has been able to choose legitimately . 
  this . 
  in my opinion he 's basically saying `` they 're the same . 
  their ideologies are completely different . 
  but they 're the same ! '', 
  seriously though , the irish times yesterday made it seem like putin has retreated from the public eye to think about what to do with kadyrov . 
  after all , he might very well have ordered the nemstov assassination . 
  maybe he 's preparing for events this week . 
  he might even have a surprise in store for all of us . 
  this subreddit generally does hate putin . 
  but as an autocrat who hates the `` moral decadence '' of the west , european integration and the independence of former soviet states , it 's no surprise he 's not popular on a subreddit about europe . 
  i 'd say most irish are similar , distrustful of the political establishment more than the eu . 
  the wet dream of the man in the kremlin too . 
  to a large extent , yes . 
  but that is very problematic when 334 million people from19 countries use the same currency . 
  i would argue that the club med + ireland have to be allowed to recover ( with regards gdp and employment ) . 
  failing to do so will kill off the eurozone as well . 
   without the backing of voters , chances for more favourable solutions have been diminished . 
  well , there are voters in spain and ireland who are struggling with austerity and sympathetic to the greeks ' plight . 
  sinn fein in my country , podemos in spain are polling at either first or second ( depending on the opinion polls ) and are sympathetic to syriza . 
  anti-austerity parties are gaining support in italy and portugal too ( although i 'm less familiar with how their party systems work and their relationship with syriza ) . 
  but by voters i think you mean german voters , which ( although correct ) says a lot about where the balance of power lies and how the eu of today operates . 
  two points about what you wrote . 
  i 've read about the demographics of ukip 's supporters and i would like to understand what they want . 
  the one thing that has stayed in my mind is that there is an [ inverse correlation between support for ukip and immigration , ] ( http://imgur.com/kq6zqxo ) which makes me think that its anti-immigrant stance is more based on prejudice than reality . 
  this policy seems like a recipe for disaster if we are to go on recent history . 
  not too long ago there was large discrimination against catholics in parts of the uk with regards employment , which generated large resentment . 
  could n't the same thing could happen if these anti-discrimination laws were repealed ? 
  wait , was n't russia angry about nato missiles being placed in poland and the czech republic ? 
  so it responds by moving nuclear weapons into disputed territory ? 
  russia 's defenders in the west argue that those missiles were part of the provocation that led to what 's happening in ukraine . 
   do you hold the current greeks responsible for the financial catastrophe the country is in , and their attitude towards it ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  in my view the greek people are no more responsible for the financial catastrophe their country than the irish are . 
  i do hold governments responsible for the catastrophe these countries are in though . 
  if you mean the saudis , then yes . 
  the americans also gave hundreds of millions of dollars to fund the mujahedeen which sowed the seeds of destruction in afghanistan . 
  however , many decisions taken by the soviets were responsible for destroying the country as well , including the carpet bombing of civilian areas ( including infrastructure ) and the widespread laying of land mines . 
  the same solid logic applied in the original video which basically argued things were much better when the russians were occupying the countries they occupied . 
  tellingly , the original did n't even mention afghanistan , which had both its economy and population devastated during the soviet-afghan war . 
  that does not bode well for the future in my opinion . 
  oddly enough i lived in valladolid and went to both the alhambra and the alc\u00e1zar of segovia but never to pe\u00f1afiel . 
  however , i am going back this summer and that 's where i want to go !, 
  i think this is a really good article and captures the point very well . 
  but i am going to be honest , i am afraid to share it for fear of offending my muslim friends or being accused by one of my non-muslim friends of sharing a bigoted , a xenophobic or racist article . 
  am i the only one who feels this way ? 
  if you do want more about the northern ireland conflict , i think [ this old post on / r/askhistorians ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1dovwm/could_anyone_give_me_a_brief_modern_history_of/c9sgnyh ) on the topic is pretty good . 
  many thanks for your reply . 
  thank you for your very comprehensive answer . 
  ** edt : ** if you do n't mind me asking another question , where do you think habbermas ' work falls in this ? 
  is his work also the kind of infalsifiable theory ? 
  i ask because with regards sociology , his ideas are the only ones i am familiar with . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i met people from there when i was on holidays and had no idea there was that kind of social problem in their hometown . 
  you do n't seem to accept that . 
  do you mind if i ask if many of your classmates do ? 
  what city was that if i may ask ? 
  the same could be said for emwazi ( jihadi john ) and many others . 
  who are you talking about ? 
  here we have the enormous hypocrisy of those who criticise other religions ( plenty of muslim evangelists criticise christianity ) yet refuse to allow to accept the same of their own religion . 
  in this case it 's a mosque supporting muslim evangelism ( giving money to tablighi jamaat ) , yet advocating violence against those who criticise or `` blaspheme '' against islam . 
  but the problem extends much further than this one mosque in scotland . 
  read the article i linked to . 
  these people believe the us is secretly controlling isis ' operations now ( that they are secretly pulling the strings of their sworn enemy ) . 
  this is true unfortunately and quite disturbing . 
  thank you for sharing that . 
  i know you 're joking but you do n't have to apologise .
