  bravo !, 
  i am curious as to why luxembourg is number one . 
  surely with such a small population , it should be easier to meet the needs of its energy requirements by switching to something cleaner . 
  this . 
  when i was in brussels i was pretty shocked to see a big statue of leopold ii close to the european parliament . 
  let 's not forget that there was also the extensive use of torture during the war in algeria . 
  out of curiosity , are the modern nationalists you mention devout or observant muslims ? 
  firstly , there may be some anti-semites among the anti-zionists , but that does not mean all anti-zionists are anti-semites . 
  secondly , to accuse opponents of the settlements of being either of those things is ridiculous . 
  to be honest , that [ harun yahya ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adnan_oktar ) guy also comes across as pretty crazy and surprisingly powerful . 
  he seems to have significant financial resources to promote his views , often sending free copies of his books to schools all over the world . 
  should n't you be peacefully resting in the grave , former pm disraeli ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , many of these ex-ss men in the foreign legion served in the indochina war . 
  the monarchists are entitled to find such jokes bad taste . 
  but censorship achieves nothing . 
  heads of state , whether they are elected or not , are guaranteed to be subject to ridicule . 
  if anybody is interested , there 's more information on this [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/20140606/spanish-comic-censored-jueves-king-joke ), 
  thanks , i was n't aware of that . 
  as a rebuttal , i will say that farage now has two weekly newspaper columns and has been on question time a large number of times . 
  what 's worse is this was given to the party leader ( and star striker ) rather than anybody else in the party . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
  the british media largely are n't anti-ukip , although certain outlets such as the guardian are . 
  that seems very similar to the tactics ukip has used in recent years . 
  accusing journalists and media outlets of having a systematic bias against you ( whether this is based on fact or not ) can be very effective in controlling how they deal with you . 
  you 're effectively putting the journalist on the back foot , challenging them to prove their lack of bias by asking easier questions or not to ask about certain topics . 
  another tactic is to complain that the media are biased in favour of the `` political establishment '' and then highlight the journalist 's education/background . 
  for example , whether they went to an `` elitist '' institution such as oxbridge or one of the * grandes \u00e9coles . 
  * suddenly the journalist is on the back foot again and has to prove that they are n't part of the `` political establishment . '', 
  the latter tactic is a complete * ad hominem * but is sadly a very effective one . 
  of course we do n't have a right to teach russia on not being a liberal democracy while embracing saudi arabia and china . 
  putin , however , would probably consider supporting human rights organisations as lecturing . 
  however , we do have a right to oppose russia for * its foreign policy * and it 's moves to encroach on its neighbours ( which are sovereign states $ . 
  le pen is setting up a weak argument by avoiding this key point . 
  i 'm curious as to how the front national views france 's overseas departments and territories in light of its stance on immigration . 
  generally they are much poorer than metropolitan france and dependent on handouts from the state . 
  many immigrants in france are in fact french citizens from these territories . 
  is the fn in favour of keeping them ? 
  interesting . 
  do you have a link to one of those rants by chance ? 
  crazy comparison there by le pen . 
  last time i checked eu members were free to leave if they so chose and there was a procedure established in the lisbon treaty for them to do so unlike the soviet union . 
  furthermore , le pen ( along with the fn ) is in favour of france moving closer to russia 's eurasian union , primarily composed of former soviet republics that are t even democracies . 
  i could go on but the really sad thing is that people in france are listening to le pen now . 
  out of curiosity , are any of the parliament 's nominees acceptable in london ? 
  i mean , if not junker , why not one of the others ? 
  i would see lagarde as a better substitute for van rompuy as council president . 
  i know you 're joking . 
  by the way , i 've followed a few of your comments on events in russia , especially since the crisis in ukraine started . 
  you come across as very articulate and well informed . 
  bravo !, 
   the nationalists arrange a series of terrorist attacks in russia . 
  in russia itself , the regime evolves , and starts to clean out the fifth column . 
  holy shit , does he really plan on this happening in russia ? 
  also who does he imagine makes up this `` fifth column '' in russia ? 
  opposition figures that you find in any democratic society ? 
  there may be some actual truth in the amount of media coverage given to ukip . 
  sure it was rising in the polls , but this was still only a third party in the uk . 
  despite the talk of an `` earthquake '' ukip came fourth in the number of seats won in the local elections . 
  can you elaborate a little bit on her debating tactics or style ? 
  ideally britain should embrace both . 
  in fact , britain should take advantage of as many advantages as it can to foster growth . 
  i know you did n't use the term `` ageing and sclerotic club '' but it 's a little strange to hear that from british eurosceptics arguing that britain should leave the eu and embrace the commonwealth . 
  [ going by the oecd 's figures , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_birth_rate ) countries like ireland have a birth rate even higher than the uk 's and france is just behind the uk . 
  also several european countries like ireland , poland and romania are experiencing even higher growth than the uk . 
  ultimately , it 's for the british people to decide whether they want in or out , and i wish them the best . 
  but my hope is that they base their opinion on the facts and not a relatively distorted view of the rest of europe . 
  i think a big part of this sentiment arises from the fact that the uk is clearly unsure about whether it wants to be part of this union ( the polls are extremely close as you say ) . 
  for that very reason i think the referendum is vital so that the britain can decide which direction it wants to take , whether that 's in or out , and lay the issue to rest . 
  not us !, 
  since independence we 've avoided entering into wars , although being an island located at the edge of europe ( and behind a larger neighbour ) has helped . 
  for once i agree . 
  the uk should n't even consider joining the euro under the circumstances . 
  the euro is not a stable system and will not last unless the problems are fixed . 
  in my opinion , only when that 's done should countries like the uk assess the pros and cons of joining it . 
  true but foreign soldiers from france , belgium , poland and others ( along with their governments in exile ) were stationed in britain during the war . 
  most fought bravely to safeguard britain including in its `` finest hour '' when it was threatened with invasion . 
  if you think about it that way , britain 's experience of wwii should bring it closer to the continent that it stood alongside . 
  in my opinion , coming from an island with a long history of interaction with the uk , i think part of the population in the uk feels much closer to the commonwealth , despite the fact that it does n't mean much anymore . 
  british eurosceptics frequently argue the country should `` leave the eu and embrace the commonwealth . '', 
  i suspect by commonwealth they generally mean former british settler societies like canada and australia , not nigeria or pakistan . 
  sure , the british share a language and culture with australians ( for example ) but those countries have now shifted economically and politically towards their own neighbourhoods , just as britain has with its european partners . 
  geography has helped drive this change , britain exports twice as much to my country as it does to china !, 
  what about another candidate such as verhofdtadt or schulz getting the job ? 
  there have been times in ireland 's history when the party with the most seats was n't able to nominate the prime minister and a compromise candidate had to be found . 
  did you even read what / u/subterfuge wrote in response to your comment above ? 
  he/she pretty much explained very clearly that fn are very anti-immigrant . 
  there is also a point at which anti-immigrant feeling becomes racism as you are aware i 'm sure . 
  saying that french people of algerian descent [ are `` immigrants '' and not french ] ( http://www.nationspresse.info/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/vote-etrangers.jpg ) , pretty much counts as racism . 
  ** edit ** for the record , non-eu citizens can not vote in french local , national or european elections . 
  could you pass me a link about the 500 million euro cathedral ? 
  we should direct some foreign aid towards things like family planning , sex education and allowing women who do n't want more children to have hysterectomies . 
  that would upset religious fundamentalists ( not least in my country ) but it is the wisest thing to do . 
  people on this subreddit tend to be very polarised on the whole eu , which contributes to downvotes on topics they disagree with . 
  i am in the pro-eu camp , but i recognise my bias in this regard . 
  i will also say that this subreddit fluctuates and there are times when a more eurosceptic side dominates in the comments section . 
  they were talking about this the other day on / r/ukpolitics . 
  [ this comment pretty much debunked ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/25xmj8/farages_open_letter_in_the_telegraph_today/chlqatc ) the points farage was trying to make . 
  i thought the new guy ( philippe ) spoke reasonable dutch ? 
  i was aware of that .
