  so i agree they seem active on this sub . 
  can i ask how geert wilder 's has responded to this ? 
  or how he sees russia generally ? 
  i know his ally le pen and the front national in general deeply admire him but would like to know how the pvv sees this . 
  whoops !, 
  i accidentally posted a text message . 
  i was actually asking for a link to whether the black boxes have been seized/destroyed . 
   actually , never mind . 
  we can meet at becky morgans tomorrow . 
  see you there at 1 ? 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  i quick google search did n't come up with anything . 
   russian official rhetoric often compares events in ukraine to nazi germany and calls the pro-western kiev government a `` fascist junta '' . 
  can anybody confirm if this is still the case since poroshenkp was elected ? 
  my understanding was that russian media routinely did that for the interim government but i was unaware that this was continuing . 
  vladimir for secretary general anybody ? 
  for him it would be like a career break from being lifelong president of russia . 
  i agree that we absolutely should n't allow military use of shannon or other airports by foreign countries . 
  however , in many times in the past ( such as wwii ) our neutrality was very much one sided . 
  since then ireland has n't exercised its neutrality in other ways , as it has always eschewed organisations like the non-aligned movement etc. 
  we do have nationalism in ireland , although it 's left wing nationalism . 
  irish nationalists do n't care about multiculturalism and are generally opposed to racism . 
  they do , however , consider themselves the `` true representatives '' of the irish revolution/war of independence . 
  apart from promoting the irish language/culture , they are strongly opposed to the partition of ireland continuing and are generally very hostile to british/western foreign policy . 
  as the `` true representatives '' they hold their own rallies on days that mark key moments in our history ( like when certain rebellions against the british took place ) . 
  as for the patriot/non-patriot distinction , something like that also exists among nationalists in ireland although it 's only common among more radical groups now . 
  in the past , the nationalists refused to recognise the treaty that led to the creation of two entities , what is now the republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  as such , whenever they got elected they would adopt a policy of abstentionism and refuse to take their seats ( both in the north and the republic ) . 
  this has changed though and now they only refuse to take their seats when they get elected to westminster . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i 'm sorry , i just realised my question seemed a bit aggressive . 
  sorry about that . 
  what you wrote makes perfect sense . 
  i wish i had answers to your questions about this brand of russian nationalism . 
  i will say that labelling people who share a certain view of russia as `` patriots '' as dugin does is a dangerous thing . 
  using this language basically makes anybody who has an alternative view on what is best for the country into an anti-patriot/liberal ( who is presumably to be ignored/opposed ) . 
  would you like to explain why he does n't seem crazy ? 
  he has openly called for russia to depose elected leaders ( such as in georgia ) and for russia to annex territories regardless of international law and the wishes of the people who live in them . 
  he seems crazy to me but what 's even crazier is that his ideas are being taken seriously . 
  in other words not very much ? 
  about [ 25,000 brazilian troops ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/brazilian_expeditionary_force ) participated in wwii , which for a country the size of brazil is not a lot . 
  by comparison , while ireland was officially neutral , about 50,000 irish people served in the british army during the war . 
  i knew you guys were going to kick the hosts out of the tournament , but did you have to give them a thrashing at the same time ? 
  to be honest he never really seemed to change at all , despite his talk about `` changing his ways . '', 
  if he really was sincere about changing , he would start by obeying the law of the land , whether it 's his own country or one he simply travels to . 
   `` while the eu was about `` opening , liberating , unlocking '' , it is now seen as `` meddling , judging , dictating '' , he added . 
  van rompuy appears to be adopting language that cameron would completely agree with ( presumably ) . 
  too bad he did n't adopt such a position earlier on . 
  too bad also that his remarks will probably be overlooked by the british press . 
  i laughed when farage tried to dismiss salmond and scotland 's push for independence during the european elections . 
  he came out with `` i 'm the only one who can really offer independence . '', 
  almost all of his arguments about eu membership and rule by brussels could also apply to rule from westminster . 
  about the south ossetia and abkhazia thing , would it really change anything in practice if they were annexed ? 
  i understand it would probably be a violation of international law but as you say yourself , russia effectively did this six years ago . 
  also , i do n't understand why russia is opposed to this move . 
  in light of their wars against georgia , abkhazia and south ossetia have a better case for following the kosovo precedent . 
  i made this point after marine le pen gave an interview to der spiegel : le pen argues that the eu is an undemocratic monster , so she wants france to leave it and embrace ... vladimir putin ? 
  [ this link ] ( https://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/business/economic-research-and-information/research-publications/documents/research-2013/switzerlands-approach-to-eu-engagement.pdf ) covers this topic better than i ever could ( specifically section 3 ) . 
   tell that to new york , hong kong and singapore . 
  the uk is a global financial centre for a variety of reasons , but very few of them are eu-related . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  many financial firms are based in london precisely because it is based within the eu and thereby grants them access to the single market . 
  switzerland for example does n't have complete access to the single market for services , leading swiss firms to invest heavily in london . 
  how dare the guy then object the candidate that that political grouping put forward , especially after it won the largest number of seats in the parliament ? 
  you 're absolutely right and people often get very excited or upset by the votes things get on reddit . 
  unless the stuff posted in this sub is illegal or potentially dangerous ( in which case it should be reported ) , i see no reason in getting worked up about bigots here . 
  in the end of the day we are all on this site to kill some time , so do n't let the trolls take up the few minutes we have to spare . 
  one more thing ...  and i used the word european there just to piss off ukip fanboys . 
  if they were still in the epp the conservatives could have had a say over who their candidate would be or whether the epp would even participate in the spitzenkandidat system . 
  who was it that pulled the conservatives out of the epp ? 
  sadly , i have met a few russians who insist that russia was never paid for alaska . 
  if you make the eu in any way more democratic then you upset ukip 's fantasy that the uk is run by unelected technocrats from brussels . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  just in case people are wondering what the court of accounts is , it 's basically the same thing as a court of auditors . 
  please bear in mind that low voter turnout and abstention/boycotting are not the same thing . 
  when there is a big question as to its legitimacy , i 'd say abstention remains very important , particularly if there is an organised campaign behind it . 
  that said , i do n't know if that is enough to discredit the outcome of an election . 
  on another note , [ a fair few municipalities in catalonia have already had referendums on independence . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_of_municipalities_for_independence ) but the fact that it had no real legitimacy meant turnout was low and the whole affair became rather symbolic . 
   socialist mp challenged viktor orb\u00e1n to live off of the current minimum wage , 66.500 fts ( ~ 210 $ ) for a month . 
  more politicians , not only in europe but across the world , should be challenged in this way . 
  that is the only way they can understand the impact of their decisions on the least well off . 
  also the fact that the new media law imposes a tax of 40 percent on * revenue * seems like complete madness and is likely just to deprive them of a major source of funding . 
  forty percent based on profit would be objectionable but at least manageable for these media outlets . 
  other than that , thank you for a very interesting summary of events in hungary/magyarorsz \u00e1g . 
  so how likely is it that this will help the spanish economy ? 
  that 's actually an interesting comparison . 
  the fact that you did n't address the rebuttal made by / u/skeletal88 makes me think you 're a troll . 
  sadly a lot of people in france ( a quarter of those who bother to turn out to vote ) are in favour of the nonsense that this guy is suggesting . 
  le pen says the eu is an undemocratic monster , so she wants france to leave it and embrace ... vladimir putin ? 
  there should be a referendum on nato membership , which given that support is n't so strong for i suspect will be covered extensively by russia today . 
  but despite the hot air , this will be a good demonstration of how european integration and western military alliances are based on consent . 
  member states are free to leave these if their people so choose , something that ca n't be said for states under russia 's sphere on influence . 
  i 'm surprised that people did n't make a bigger deal out of the far right parties in the efd before , especially when ukip was doing well in the polls in the uk . 
  the efd had no problem in [ dealing with racists in the past , ] ( http://globalgraffmag.wordpress.com/2011/02/19/racism-italian-style/ ) hardly surprising that they have done the same to keep their group . 
  this guy seemed to have got on much better than the no bearla guy . 
  people at least understood the guy in this video ( mostly ) . 
  just to say thank you for highlighting this . 
  memrise also has irish language courses although they are user generated so the quality is n't always great . 
  a frenchman who knows about father ted .
