  but the sheer scale of those exports has raised hackles in washington . 
  germany has the third biggest bilateral surplus with the us for trade in goods , at $ 59.6 bn for the first 11 months of last year , just ahead of mexico and just behind japan . 
  peter navarro , mr trump 's trade adviser , has claimed germany is taking advantage of a `` grossly undervalued '' euro to export elsewhere , while mr trump has suggested imposing a 35 per cent tariff on bmw if it sells cars made in mexico to the us . 
  such language -- which builds on longstanding us concerns about the size of germany 's current account surplus -- appears to have had a chilling effect on the country 's economic confidence . 
  the first signs of gloom came last week , when the ifo economic index indicated companies were becoming more pessimistic about the future . 
  many are opting to take a wait-and-see approach before making investment decisions . 
  `` i 'm getting a bit more nervous , i have to say . 
  i thought there would be a change in [ mr trump 's ] stance after the inauguration , '' said clemens fuest , president of the ifo institute , an economic research organisation . 
  `` my fear is that his policies wo n't work and then he 'll look for scapegoats . 
  and german companies are going to make great scapegoats . '' local businesses with global reach lie at the heart of the german success story . 
  the vci , the chemicals industry body , estimates that 60 per cent of its members ' sales are from exports , with the us the largest market . 
  that figure may even underestimate reliance on trade -- many goods sold within germany go to larger companies in industries that then sell the final products to the rest of the world . 
  delo believes its adhesives are used in around half of the cars on the road , including those of leading german carmakers . 
  as internationally competitive groups , many mittelstand companies supported the transatlantic trade and investment partnership , the us-eu deal which the new administration has effectively pronounced dead . 
  `` we 're in favour of ttip , '' said mr ritz of the vci . 
  `` standardisation makes things a lot easier ; chemical regulations in the eu and the us are very different . 
  but allowing what 's acceptable in one jurisdiction to be accepted everywhere else would help a lot . '' now that such a liberalising vision is receding from view , some german companies , such as bayer , are responding by increasing their spending in the us . 
  on a smaller scale , delo has already opened up facilities near boston and employs 10 people in the us . 
  other groups suggest that angela merkel 's government should quietly seek to talk mr trump out of protectionism . 
  `` it 's smart to avoid open confrontation , '' said mr fuest of ifo . 
  `` a private dialogue should be established where it is made clear that protectionism will not work in the long run and that any measures taken by the us will lead to retaliation . 
  he 's a businessman , he understands what reciprocity is . '' back in bavaria , delo suggests that ultimately it may have to go after new markets . 
  `` let 's see what trump does and how severe it is . 
  if protectionism becomes a problem , then we 'll have to pursue opportunities outside the us , '' said mr saller , indicating that expanding in asia is an option . 
  `` there are plenty of these opportunities available . '', 
  yep . 
  a man responsible for [ many massacres in his country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gukurahundi ) was given the red carpet treatment . 
  ok , thanks . 
  if you disagree with the user above , you should give your opinion . 
  i , for one , am curious as to what you have to say . 
  what psycho from sweden are you talking about ? 
  hehe . 
  i 've never had the pleasure of visiting there but i 'd like too . 
  you 're not the first person on / r/europe to wonder that . 
  i 'm irish but i lived in spain , speak spanish reasonably well and follow events there closely . 
  where abouts are you from ? 
  i 've been there !, 
  it 's a beautiful place too , well worth a visit . 
  especially true if you are interested in history as there 's lots of stuff about the second mexican empire . 
  sorry but during the referendum in scotland , the government in westminster did say that an independent scotland would not be allowed use sterling . 
  how is that not threatening to make it hard for them ? 
  investments in infrastructure , education and ones aimed at boosting greek productivity would , in my opinion , have avoided greece entering into a depression or to have recovered faster . 
  so enact pro-cyclical fiscal policies , rather than act counter-cyclically ? 
  because that was what happened and the result was economic [ depression in greece . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp ), 
  jeez ... how horrible . 
  my condolences to the victims . 
  more than one million people , many fleeing war and conflict in countries such as syria , have arrived in that period , putting intense strain on already overstretched public-service provisions . 
  the decision by macedonia last march to close its border with greece , across which the overwhelming majority of migrants had sought to begin their journey to western europe , left about 60,000 people marooned in the country . 
  on top of the cost of handling these newcomers , athens was also fearful that the mass arrival of migrants would harm its critical tourist industry , one of the economy 's only bright spots . 
  so far these fears have not been realised . 
  tourists brought in $ 14.2 bn in 2015 , and the wider impact of the tourist industry accounts for about one-fifth of the greek economy . 
  the small village of inoi , down the road from efyra , sees none of the benefits of the tourist trade . 
  as the morning sun warms the empty road outside , dimitrios pantazis arranges the plastic chairs outside the caf\u00e9 he runs in the tiny main square . 
  two men shuffle inside , one on a walking frame , the other held up by a younger relative . 
  `` the crisis has really impacted the village . 
  people come here just to survive , '' pantazis says as he sets down coffee inside the wooden room where black and white photos cover the walls . 
  `` a decade ago , farmers did not need to pay taxes , to pay enfia . 
  now from one pension , half goes to taxes . 
  `` the government has put all the economic pressure on the farmers , on the villages . 
  they choose to squeeze those that can not respond , '' he continues . 
  `` we are constantly doing something , anything to make ends meet . '' three hundred people lived in inoi five years ago . 
  now there are just 180 left . 
  `` for sure the village could disappear soon . 
  seventy people -- around 40 per cent of the village -- are over 70 years old , '' pantazis says . 
  `` old people die here . 
  and young people feel like they are dying . 
  from 2009 things have been bad . 
  and each year it gets even worse . 
  the politicians are to blame . 
  not just now , but for decades . 
  they make our life more and more difficult . '' greece is a country of crises . 
  in 20 or 30 years , things will be better yannis retsis pantazis was born here but left for athens after school . 
  now he spends eight months in the village each year to look after his elderly and frail mother , and to run the caf\u00e9 . 
  a fading photograph propped up on the bar shows a group of nine teenagers dancing in the street outside the bar 40 years ago . 
  he is the only one from the group still here . 
  when his mother dies , he will close the caf\u00e9 . 
  it barely breaks even . 
  `` we keep it for sentimental reasons , '' he says , leaning back in the small wooden chair as the postman arrives and begins to count out an elderly man 's $ 300 pension . 
  `` we keep it for the village . 
  we have strong relationships here . 
  that is how you survive in such places . '' on the other side of the village , an abandoned school and playground speak to the impact of public spending cuts . 
  `` they said it would be made into a community centre , '' says 14-year-old theodore karabilas , motioning towards the rusted swings and roundabout . 
  `` but that was five years ago . 
  `` nobody comes here and everybody leaves , '' he says . 
  his parents run a small caf\u00e9 on the edge of the village . 
  in 2011 it turned over $ 30,000 a year . 
  now it brings in a third of that . 
  his mother eirini has voted for tsipras twice . 
  `` not again , never again , '' she says . 
  `` he promised he would do things but he failed . 
  he made things worse . '' in 30 minutes , just one car passes down the narrow street that connects inoi with the rest of the world . 
  `` greece was the start of everything : maths , geography , philosophy , it all began here , '' she says with a sigh . 
  `` now , we have nothing . '' yet not all are ready to call time on the rural communities that have endured through millennia . 
  `` the civilisation here is very old . 
  we have been here for 3,000 years . 
  so even if we keep being driven lower , we must always believe we can jump higher , '' says yannis retsis , who runs a pottery in roviata , and is a cousin of the teacher of the same name . 
  `` we must be optimists . 
  if you are in the sea , surrounded by waves , you must always tell yourself that soon you will see some land . 
  `` greece is a country of crises , '' he says .
