  surprisingly , that is even true in southern european countries ( [ here 's a sign ] ( http://g8fip1kplyr33r3krz5b97d1.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/gettyimages-642629884-714x476.jpg ) from a demonstration in barcelona ) , which face pretty severe consequences from this . 
  ** edit : ** grammar . 
  where was this photograph taken out of curiosity ? 
  i know you say c * hercheur * in french , but the word in english is researcher . 
  we should do a heroes of europe series too but i also think the scumbags of europe is a good idea . 
  we need to know about our past , warts and all ( if you forgive the expression ) . 
  for those who do n't know , this is a song irish fans often sing at football and rugby games . 
  cheers . 
  out of curiosity , how often does it snow in the meseta central ? 
  i mean , it snowed when i lived there , but i do n't know if it 's common for that to happen every winter . 
  pardon my ignorance , but what is this a reference to ? 
  i think you mean dup voters . 
  that 's because they speak american , not english !, 
  i 've been there !, 
  it 's a beautiful place . 
  i get the feeling that n\u00eemes is somewhat overlooked as a place to visit in the south of france . 
  there definitely were way less tourists there than in montpellier . 
  is grillo 's blog still popular over there ? 
  yes , as it will still be obvious 50 years from now . 
  but i doubt our politicians will have changed their approach towards saudi arabia by then . 
  yes and no . 
  northern ireland continues to be part of the uk and even with devolution , the unionists are quite opposed to irish language spending or any measure to make it an official language . 
  the number of schools teaching it declined significantly under unionist rule following the creation of northern ireland . 
  i think the other main reason bilingual education is n't more common is that ireland was for a long time one of poorest countries in western europe . 
  expanding bilingual education like has been done in the basque country requires a lot of resources which for a long time we did n't have . 
  we should do it now though . 
  where abouts in castilla y le\u00f3n are you from ? 
  i lived in valladolid for a year . 
   i completely agree and really think we should do more to promote linguistic immersion ( through education ) as is done in the basque country and catalonia . 
  the languages there are much healthier as a result compared to irish or scots gaelic . 
  this is sparta !!, 
  / r/sorosforprison would have you believe that soros ' number is 666 . 
  eh , you can read the article ( without the photos ) in the comments i posted . 
  however , it is well written , so i think the ft deserves the revenue from people actually visiting the site . 
  by the way , where in occitania are you from ? 
  with a username like yours , i 'd think you were from the val d'aran . 
  no problem , i often find those ft features to be well written and in depth . 
  the people at the ft must hate me ( probably justifiably ) for posting so many articles here to get around their paywall . 
  i do n't know if you are interested in this unrelated topic , but they had a good feature on greece [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5p2vdt/a_greek_tragedy_how_much_can_one_nation_take/dcnziov/ ), 
  i 've been there and it really is very impressive . 
  one thing though , you say it is still working but it 's not still in use , is it ? 
  the fact that catalan independence leaders are once again trying to organise a ballot -- rather than preparing for secession itself -- highlights an uncomfortable truth for the movement . 
  some catalans have now voted for independence on no fewer than three occasions : in a local referendum ; in a region-wide informal independence ballot in november 2014 ; and in the 2015 regional elections . 
  with a possible fourth plebiscite now in the works , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the secession campaign is running to stand still . 
  `` there will be no independence , '' teresa freixes , professor of constitutional law at barcelona 's autonomous university and president of concordia c\u00edvica , a group that opposes independence , states bluntly . 
  `` independence is not viable politically , economically or socially . 
  and legally it is just not possible . 
  you ca n't simply hold a referendum and proclaim independence -- a state has to be recognised by the un . 
  and without recognition we would be just like the western sahara , or the palestinians , or northern cyprus . 
  is that seriously what we want ? '' freixes 's family has been catalan for generations ( one of her ancestors is francesc maci\u00e1 , who proclaimed an independent republic in 1931 ) , yet she takes a dim view of the recent surge in separatist sentiment . 
  more than anything else , she voices alarm at the claim that the will of the catalan people , however defined , must take precedence over the articles of the spanish constitution . 
  `` there is no law without democracy and no democracy without law . 
  to set democracy above the law -- that is what hitler did . 
  the will of the people , of his people , above the law , '' she argues . 
  like most experts on the spanish constitution , she believes there is no legal way for catalonia to break away from spain without a major overhaul of the 1978 basic law . 
  it would require dropping key passages , not least the reference to the `` indissoluble unity of the spanish nation '' in article 2 , and establishing an explicit clause permitting regions to secede . 
  but changing the constitution requires large majorities in parliament and the senate , as well as a nationwide referendum . 
  the hurdles are high , and patience in catalonia is low . 
  to report on the catalan conflict from both madrid and barcelona often feels like stepping from one bubble into the other . 
  there is an overriding sense of two combatants who exult in their own strength and righteousness but do n't so much as glance across the ring at their opponent . 
  neither is there much effort to expose one 's own historical narrative to critical scrutiny and ask whether long-ago victories , defeats and humiliations can really be wielded so glibly in defence of political positions in 2017 . 
  on the spanish side , politicians never tire of the assertion that spain has been a nation state , united and content , for more than five centuries . 
  the secessionist narrative , in contrast , draws a straight line from the fall of barcelona to the bourbon troops in 1714 and the repression of catalan institutions that followed via franco 's dictatorship to today 's refusal by madrid to allow a referendum . 
  both versions fall short , says the historian joan lluis marfany : `` history would be better left alone and out of the current [ catalan ] question . 
  it is being used by both sides to the detriment of both history and of the political situation . '' the problem , he tells me , is that each camp looks at distant historical events through the lens of contemporary politics , and `` projects back in history a kind of relationship that is anachronistic . 
  history does not move in a steady direction . 
  it is full of twists and turns . '' that partial loss of vision also applies to the present . 
  in the spanish capital , one can still hear decision makers describe the independence movement as a `` souffl\u00e9 '' that will collapse at any minute . 
  but the catalan version has remained solid for five years . 
  then there is the conviction , often aired in private in madrid , that the conflict could be resolved if only the spanish government had the courage to crack down hard . 
  a spell in prison for the ringleaders , and surely calm would be restored . 
  on the other side , independence supporters also seem determined to blend out any information that might disturb their narrative . 
  a popular view is that foreign governments will rush to recognise a new catalan republic once the deed is done , that a breakaway state will have no trouble remaining a member of the eu . 
  above all else , the independence movement is infused with a sense of complete optimism , an utter conviction that it is reaching its destination at last . 
  `` there is not a lot of road left , '' joan rabasseda , the current mayor of arenys , told me . 
  `` we are close . 
  we are close . '' comfortable in their respective bubbles , both sides have a habit of underestimating the strength of their opponent . 
  as they look ahead to the looming clash over this year 's referendum , both seem certain that the other will lose their nerve at the last minute . 
  it is a dangerous assumption to make , not least since so many in the catalan independence movement seem to earnestly desire a full-on confrontation , with police in the streets of barcelona and political leaders hauled off in handcuffs . 
  in their view , the arrest of catalan activists or any similarly heavy-handed response from madrid would be the best -- and perhaps only -- way to draw international attention to the conflict . 
  for cercas , the writer , the current stand-off is marked by `` brutal irresponsibility '' . 
  he explains : `` isaiah berlin said the first virtue of a politician is a sense of reality . 
  if you press a button you must know what light will go on . 
  you must know what will happen next . 
  to press a button without knowing what will happen next -- to provoke a clash without knowing what will happen next -- is the maximum expression of irresponsibility . '' one of several prominent intellectuals to have come out forcefully against secession , cercas nonetheless believes that spain must , ultimately , provide a path to independence . 
  `` the spanish state can not be a prison . 
  if certain conditions are met , there should be an exit path for those who aspire to independence . '' but he also makes clear that such a path can only open up when a region -- or nation -- has shown over a long period of time that independence is indeed the choice of the majority . 
  that kind of exit path is not on the horizon , and neither is an offer from madrid to recognise catalonia as a nation within the spanish state . 
  yet time for a negotiated solution is running out . 
  lurking behind the current stand-off is a hard reality -- namely that support for independence is highest among the young , and lowest among the old . 
  according to a march survey from the ceo research institute , only 35 per cent of catalans above the age of 65 want an independent state . 
  among voters aged between 18 and 24 , the share is 41 per cent . 
  only a quarter of the younger respondents say they are happy with the status quo . 
  some believe that the gravest threat to madrid 's hold on catalonia is that unionism in the region may simply die out with its supporters . 
  in the 1960s and 1970s , catalonia 's population was swelled by arrivals from other parts of spain . 
  even today , more than half the catalan population says spanish is the language of daily use . 
  their children , however , have mostly been through catalan schools , exposed to lessons and texts that have little in common with the vision of spain their parents grew up with . 
  in some cases , schoolbooks replicate the broader catalan narrative -- of a nation apart , suppressed by spain . 
  for some , like miquel iceta , the conclusion is evident : spain and catalonia must come to an accord as soon as possible : `` a deal today is easier to do than in 10 years .
