  solidarity and paying for it in cash are difficult things . 
  ultimately the euro ( if we are to keep it ) will require a fiscal union , but in order to achieve that we would a federal one . 
  but here 's the dilemma i see with regards catalonia and greater european integration . 
  if catalans ( or any other people ) are opposed to picking up a heavier tax burden and having fiscal transfers to poorer parts , then what hope is there that the richer parts of the eurozone will be willing to help out the poorer parts ? 
  like it or not , the catalans have some history , cultural and personal links with andalusians . 
  the `` core '' and `` peripheral '' eurozone countries are n't like that . 
  indeed . 
  there is however a cultural movement to reassert the aragonese language etc. 
  i think he 's referring to the 23 consecutive years that ciu ruled in the generalitat . 
  many thanks for your response . 
  i also hope my post did n't offend anybody . 
  i 'm sorry if it did . 
  catalans , i support your right to decide your future . 
  i 'd also like both sides to be able to organise and have their say on such a consultation , without the fear of not having their voice heard . 
  unfortunately the spanish govt . 
  's position makes that impossible and is creating a huge mess . 
  but here 's my question : from an economic perspective , why do you think that catalonia will be better off as an independent state as opposed to under spain ? 
  i 've read speeches by both junqueras and forcades in which they see independence as a means to achieve a more equal society ( `` una sociedad m\u00e1s igualitaria '' ) . 
  but frankly given that we use the euro , one country pursuing that on its own does n't appear possible . 
  an independent catalan state ( one that stays in the eu and keeps the euro anyway ) just like the spanish one would have no power over fiscal or monetary policy . 
  what 's worse is that would probably have to combat high debt , low growth and an overvalued currency with the kind of measures the spanish government is having to implement today ( of slashing wages and increasing taxes ) . 
  in my opinion the only significant difference is that the one carrying out this policy will move from the central government to a new catalan state . 
  but it 'd still be implementing unpopular policies that nobody really chose . 
  i ca n't help but be reminded of [ putin `` justifying '' intervention in ukraine ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/putin-reserves-the-right-to-use-force-in-ukraine/2014/03/04/92d4ca70-a389-11e3-a5fa-55f0c77bf39c_story.html ) , claiming to protect the `` citizens of ukraine '' ( presumably that included the tatars ) from rampaging `` reactionary forces , nationalist and anti-semitic forces . '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  thanks and i hope my message did n't come across as rude . 
  i agree that some countries are n't competitive enough but growth across the eurozont would make reform much easier . 
   as i said , i do n't believe that euro is somehow magically lowering economic growth . 
  it 's not magical , there are well detailed reasons for it . 
  first of all , most of peripheral countries that are suffering right now are still stuck with a currency that is significantly overvalued . 
  that makes it hard to achieve the kind of growth that would allow their economies to become export oriented . 
  secondly , but perhaps more importantly , the euro is still a dysfunctional monetary union . 
  we have a shared currency , fiscal rules but have no real fiscal ( and redistributive ) powers across the countries that use it . 
  the rules ( that have been tightened since the crisis began ) force countries to raise taxes and slash spending in an effort to try and comply with them . 
  naturally this has led to aggregate demand falling , unemployment to rise hindering economic growth . 
  thirdly , there 's an additional political problem that arises from the above in that since the great depression most capitalist governments have assumed responsibility for the economy , to prevent similar crises reoccurring ( including using monetary and fiscal policy ) . 
  neither of these mechanisms are possible for member states now , with both having been effectively transferred to european institutions , with no significant inputs to allow citizens to shape them . 
  fourthly , before draghi 's `` whatever it takes '' announcement , countries like spain with debt-to-gdp levels lower than the uk 's were having to pay more than the uk to borrow . 
  why ? 
  because the ecb is not a lender of last resort and it remains to be seen if it becomes one in practice . 
  fifthly , the ecb is shaped by a mandate ( along with moral hazard ) that restricts some elements of monetary policy that might allow for greater growth . 
  i 'm referring to policies such as outright monetary transactions ( only possible in a limited way ) , quantitive easing or even a devaluation . 
  if you have the time/interest , i 'd highly recommend you read [ this piece by martin wolf ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3faf9b0-2489-11e3-8905-00144feab7de.html ) or [ any of paul de grauwe 's publications . 
  ] ( http://www.lse.ac.uk/researchandexpertise/experts/profile.aspx?keyvalue=p.c.de-grauwe%40lse.ac.uk ), 
  it 's amazing that in the 21st century an opinion can be dismissed just because of the author 's nationality . 
  for example , when germany 's trade surplus was criticised for being too large by american and british economists , the german `` rebuttal '' was to point to the uk & us ' deficit , before claiming that there were no imbalances at all . 
  i ca n't wait to see how the kremlin reacts to this . 
  will they do what they stage counter protests like they did when putin was elected ? 
  i do n't know how many people will rally behind `` yes to war '' and `` keep lying . '', 
  true . 
  but many non-brand smart phones are affordable for people on low incomes . 
  i bought one once for us$ 50 , without a contract and a huge number of minutes included in the package . 
  besides the general line of this article reminds me a lot of a similar one promoted by the free market crowd in the states . 
  they 'd argue that poor people in the us are n't really poor , because x percentage of them have wide screen tvs ( for example ) . 
  but just because a person has made a poor decision on how to spend their money in the past does n't mean their economic situation is any better . 
   there are only two counties ( out of 40 ) which have a hungarian majority , and they are among the poorest in the country . 
  true , but there is perhaps an argument for them having greater autonomy as a means for them to address poverty and economic problems . 
  i just realised this has already been posted on this sub . 
  i 'll remove it so . 
  thanks for filling me in . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  after having spent so long in the european parliament and having witnessed how it works , my question is whether you think transnational democracy functions well ? 
  i think this is particularly important since we come from so many political cultures and ideological standpoints . 
  yes , i stand corrected and admit that catalonia under the comtat de barcelona was independent until 1140 . 
  i do n't see what your point is . 
  catalonia was never a colony or a dominion like australia . 
  i simply stated the facts that catalonia was part of the kingdom of aragon and not an independent kingdom . 
  it 's history as part of a larger kingdom does n't have to stand in the way of catalonia becoming a state either . 
  this . 
  an independent catalan state would be stuck in a similar situation to the one it 's in at the moment , with extremely high unemployment , dangerously low inflation and a government implementing austerity . 
  why ? 
  because it would still use the euro and thus monetary policy would remain with the ecb . 
  it would also have to abide by the fiscal rules so fiscal policy would be restrained too . 
  even in an amicable separation , catalonia will also pick up a large share of the national debt . 
  good graph . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i left aside catalan language and culture to make the point that the economic argument that the [ catalans are cheated ] ( http://youtu.be/rejrfrphlhu ) ( or even robbed by the central government ) was the same elsewhere . 
  i do n't doubt that the catalans have a language , culture and distinct identity . 
  perhaps combined with the latter it becomes a much more emotive issue . 
  whether you agree with it or not , the fact that the tax burden is heavier on richer parts of the country is very much a reality in many european countries ( including my own ) . 
  if you 're referring to the middle ages then no , catalonia did n't used to be a state . 
  if i recall correctly , until 1706 it formed part of the crown of aragon along with aragon and valencia . 
  however , there have been [ short-lived catalan states ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_republic ) over the course of the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  my point is this kind of separatism ( of a richer region wanting to separate from the rest of the country ) is present elsewhere in europe , most notably in northern italy . 
  ** edit : ** out of curiosity , do you see the economic argument for independence in northern italy as any different from that of catalonia ? 
  just like the northern league in italy wants their own independent state of padania for the richer part of the country . 
  i 've made this point to catalans many times in the past and usually they say the two examples are completely different . 
  leaving aside catalonia 's language and culture , the economic argument in both examples seems to be pretty much the same . 
  both places are comparatively richer , have a larger tax burden as a result and resent the size of their contribution to the central government ( along with poorer parts of their respective countries ) . 
  i thought aunt merkel wanted us to cut down on our spending , including on phone bills !, 
  jokes aside though , it is interesting to see how many times she has contacted putin or vice versa . 
  i ca n't say what the neutral countries like my own would do , but the nato countries would most likely increase their defence spending . 
  at the moment the european members do n't spend more because they simply do n't have to . 
  there is already one large member providing much of the alliance 's combined military capability . 
  the fact that this capability might come to the aid of the european states if attacked means they do n't have to meet the 2 percent target . 
  do n't forget that the americans could rely on their air power whenever they deemed it necessary in iraq . 
  that is n't possible in this kind of hybrid warfare that the russians are fighting in ukraine . 
  putin and his propaganda machine wants us to believe these russian soldiers without insignia are militias of locals fighting fascism . 
  [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/apr/17/nato-ukraine-dr-strangelove-china-us ) from a prominent journalist on the left in britain that makes this argument . 
  the argument has been made lots of times [ elsewhere ] ( http://stopwar.org.uk/statements/the-crisis-in-ukraine-and-crimea-statement-by-stop-the-war-coalition ) under different guises that blame putin 's actions on nato enlargement , rather than just on the missiles .
