  somebody above wrote history repeats itself and they are correct , so long as people refuse to learn from the past . 
  one of the lessons drawn from in the 1920s and 1930s is that fascism feeds on irredentism , whether it 's based on `` unifying '' an ethnic group or a supposed historic right to parts of other countries . 
  that is true not just in russia 's actions in ukraine but among many far right/neo-nazi groups today ( jobbik in hungary springs to mind ) . 
  this is of course only one element of fascism , but an important one nonetheless . 
   no one wants to get into a fight with a tough-nut with nukes and putin knows it . 
  that 's why i completely do n't buy the argument put forward by the anti-war movement in the uk about nato provoking this crisis by placing missiles in eastern europe . 
  those missiles would * never * be used for offensive purposes against russia as it 'd provoke world war iii and the complete destruction of the countries involved . 
  russia might not like the missiles there but the sad reality is that the countries hosting them know that if they ever used them against russia , they 'd be annihilated . 
  end of story . 
  thanks for providing the summary . 
  out of curiosity to the italians here , has berlusconi ( or his party ) said anything about the situation in ukraine ? 
  berlusconi was quite good friends with putin back in the day , so i imagine he ( like schroeder ) would n't want to attack his old friend . 
  russiatoday/rt will of course have to dedicate time to running through every other possibility other than this being carried out by the russian air force/navy . 
  what 's to say this was n't an attack by extraterrestrials ? 
  or by some cia mind controlled ukrainian pilot wanting to carry out a false flag operation ? 
  personally i 'm glad that turkey has taken a critical stance against russia on this issue , given its strength and influence in the region . 
  exactly . 
  you ca n't talk about russian foreign policy online without a comment like the one above being made comparing their actions to the us . 
  but to be clear the united states does not have a right to invade sovereign countries , nor does any other one . 
  end of story . 
  it 's time russia got an enormous dosis of whataboutism when it presents an opinion , given that it 's a favourite rhetorical tool of the kremlin . 
  for example , the russian ambassador to the un called the violence in ukraine a `` direct consequence of the reckless policy of kiev , which is conducting a war against its own people . '', 
  a war kind of like the russians conducted in chechnya against separatists and in that case the separatists were n't funded , led and trained by a foreign country . 
  i would also like to point out that poland ( by nato member standards ) spends a lot on defence ( at almost 2 percent of gdp ) . 
  they also have some [ fairly modern equipment ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_armed_forces ) ( such as f16s ) and participate in nato military exercises , meaning they are a strong fighting force . 
  not the ussr occupation , but the form of [ communism implemented in hungary ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/goulash_communism ) was more lenient . 
  jesus , i could n't believe the journalist telling the truck drivers what to say . 
  that is not an interview , or even journalism for that matter , but propaganda . 
  i 've read that too and you 're right to repost that . 
  however , i thought this article ( despite being from march ) compares putin 's arguments about syria with his subsequent actions in ukraine . 
  regardless of whether his stance on syria was correct or not , he comes across as a hypocrite . 
  last time i checked the bbc and cnn allowed direct criticism of their respective governments in power , either for their actions or their policies in general . 
  that was the case for both the floods in the uk last year and the launch of the obamacare website . 
  if you 're not going to allow criticism of putin ( as is the case with rt along with other russian media outlets ) , then you are ignoring his role in many abuses in russia and ones that happened under his mandate . 
  just look at the human rights abuses in chechnya ( including summary executions and massacres of civilians ) to the large corruption in the country . 
  i ca n't help but think that if mh17 was full of ukrainian civilians , the reaction from around the world would have been very different . 
  may i ask if there is anything those right-wing butters would like poland to do with its military power ? 
  i mean , is there irredentism among this movement that would they like poland 's military to take over parts of other countries ? 
  so do you think the city ( and perhaps other corporations ) would come out in favour of a no vote in a brexit referendum ? 
  yep , but the headline was n't anything like that . 
  the op editorialised the piece to make a point about muslims and islam in britain . 
  i agree with you but i am not really surprised . 
  british eurosceptics struggle to see anything positive about the european union , and by extension european integration . 
  to do so would strengthen the case for britain staying in this club . 
  basically they are trying to construct a narrative of events in ukraine that fits with their world view , despite statistics and reality pointing to the opposite picture . 
  rather than acknowledge that european values are something that the ukrainian people might aspire to , they 'd rather promote the idea that this was something orchestrated by the west . 
  i 'm amazed at how putin 's defenders portray eastern european states ( especially those that are eu or nato members ) as mere proxies of the west given their geopolitical stance . 
  funnily enough the same people refuse to view pro-russian leaders in the same light . 
  the argument ( advanced by farage ) goes that the [ eu has provoked russia by expanding eastwards . 
  ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/breitbart-london/2014/03/28/nigel-farage-is-right-it-was-the-eu-not-russia-which-provoked-the-ukraine-crisis ) the peoples of those countries are portrayed as apparently having no agency of their own and their leaders are mere pawns of the us/eu . 
  the reality is that those countries are democracies and their people are ultimately free to withdraw from nato/eu ( as britain is considering ) . 
  the same can not be said for countries under russia 's `` sphere of influence '' as we have witnessed in ukraine . 
  then of course you have the fact that the british eurosceptics like farage not only sympathise with russia but actually admire putin as a leader . 
  even before the mh17 disaster , ukippers like / u/paludosa2 should have been appalled by that stance . 
  putin is no democrat , [ has suppressed press freedom , ] ( http://rsf.org/index2014/en-eastern-europe.php ) [ committed serious human rights abuses ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_chechen_war#human_rights_and_war_crimes ) and presides over serious corruption . 
  quite frankly , he 's not somebody to be admired based on his policy in russia , let alone what he has done in ukraine . 
  no state is entitled to a `` sphere of influence '' , or to invade and annex parts of other countries . 
  nor is putin entitled to stop whatever direction the ukrainian people ultimately decide to go in . 
  as [ the irish home ruler parnell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_stewart_parnell ) ( somebody who farage also supposedly admires ) said : `` no man has the right to fix the boundary to the march of a nation . 
  no man has the right to say to his country `` thus far shalt thou go and no further '' . '', 
  it 's a conversation that people in / r/europe should have anyway . 
  no doubt a similar ( albeit more serious ) conversation is taking place in the capital cities of all the member states that want britain to stay . 
  if i recall correctly wolfgang schauble has committed himself to keeping britain in , so the german government is clearly having a discussion now as to how to do that . 
  teu article 7 sets out the steps for suspension or exclusion of a member state `` if a member persistently breaches the eu 's founding values . '', 
  likewise , a member can have their voting rights suspended on the council , which has been suggested for hungary before with regards the constitution ( adopted under orban ) that appeared to remove the independence of the judiciary . 
  i do n't care for boris ' political views , but i thought this was interesting anyway . 
  i ca n't justify burning cars , harassment or anything else in the slightest . 
  but before we stereotype or make generalisations about an entire community based on the actions of some , we should remember that french muslims suffer from political and social marginalization , particularly in employment and housing . 
  it does n't help that the far-right in france continually does the exact opposite ; labelling the entire population based on the actions of a few . 
  the fn in particular generally views the population as [ being fundamentalist ] ( http://www.craigwilly.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/fn-table.jpg ) and that [ `` anti-white racism '' is common in france . 
  ] ( http://www.dreuz.info/wp-content/uploads/affiche-fnj-11.jpg ) this is despite the fact that whites in france hold the overwhelming majority of economic/political power and hence the ability to discriminate . 
  very , very well put . 
  if i had the money , i 'd give you gold . 
  this guy has been doing it for a long time and getting away with it . 
  he is pretty much an irish oligarch who founded his empire based on corruption in the early 1990s . 
  now in addition to his other business interests , he owns several national newspapers and a highly popular radio station , all the while using them to control what 's said about him . 
  i read the article linked to about sinn fein 's call to expel the israeli ambassador . 
  as a mater of fact i was at a protest about what 's going on on saturday and would have no problem if the israeli ambassador was expelled . 
  my point is with sinn fein supporters condemning israel 's killing of civilians while at the same time excusing those if the ira . 
  what 's worse , they use the very same argument that the israeli military uses to justify the actions of the ira . 
  they may have taken a peaceful turn , but most of the members i 've come across ( even the younger ones ) still defend the pira 's campaign . 
  they will usually quickly parrot the sinn fein line that `` we regret that civilians were killed , but the pira never targeted civilians . '', 
  they will justify every attack in which large numbers of civilians were killed on the grounds that there was a british/loyalist military target nearby ( see for example the [ remembrance day bombing ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/remembrance_day_bombing ) or the shankill road bombing and the republican response ) . 
  there is n't much truth to the later claim but i 'll leave that for another day . 
  what is appalling is the double-think from sinn fein supporters with regards violence perpetrated in their name . 
  it 's quite bizarre that most of sinn fein are strongly opposed to large parts of western foreign policy , such as the wars in the middle east and support for israel . 
  without a doubt they will cite the large number of civilians killed in those wars . 
  yet when an israeli/american/nato officer uses the exact same argument as sinn fein of `` we regret the deaths of civilians , but we do n't target civilians '' , somehow their crowd does n't accept it . 
  but we ca n't apply the same standards to the ira to the british army i hear you typing ? 
  yes , we can . 
  indeed the sinn fein leadership eschews the label terrorist and views the ira as the legitimate military force for their community at a time when british army had murdered civilians . 
  but surely then we have to apply the same standards ? 
  one of chomsky 's main arguments is that we have to apply to ourselves the same standards we apply to others . 
  he was referring to the united states , but it can be universally applied . 
  maybe it 's time sinn fein and other people on the left in ireland did the same thing ? 
  many thanks . 
  could somebody copy and paste the article ? 
  i appear to have used up all the articles i can read for free on that site . 
  many thanks . 
  i came across [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/frontiste ) not so long ago .
