  in case you get caught behind a paywall : jeremy corbyn 's policies a recipe for defeat , says matteo renzi james politi in rome and jim pickard in london matteo renzi , the italian prime minister , launched a blistering attack on jeremy corbyn , saying the leftwing views of the new leader of the uk 's labour party were a recipe for electoral defeat . 
  mr renzi said members of british labour were `` the only ones left who delight in losing '' , comparing them to the washington generals , who suffered an extended string of losses as sparring partners of the harlem globe trotters , the us exhibition basketball team . 
  `` it 's not a question of being blairite or anti-blairite , it 's a matter of understanding whether you want to go to elections like you go to the olympics , to win or [ just ] to participate , '' mr renzi , who is from the moderate wing of his centre-left democratic party , said . 
  `` i think [ david ] cameron is the happiest of all about corbyn 's win , '' the italian prime minister added , referring to the conservative british prime minister . 
  mr renzi 's comments were unusual because heads of government are often careful of attacking foreign opposition leaders they might eventually have to deal with . 
  in addition , italy 's pd and britain 's labour carry the same political stripes and are allies in the party of european socialists . 
  mr renzi made the reference to mr corbyn in a speech to democratic rank-and-file members on monday night , as he sought to persuade leftwing dissident members of the party to support sweeping constitutional reform measures designed to streamline italy 's gridlocked political system . 
  mr renzi , a former mayor of florence , has frequently clashed with trade unions as he has sought to push through economic reforms since taking office in february 2014 . 
  mr corbyn , on the contrary , is a champion of british trade unions , which backed his candidacy . 
  mr renzi 's concern for the fate of labour under mr corbyn is shared by many moderate labour mps , who were plunged into despair after he emerged victorious from a summer-long leadership race . 
  they were already despondent after a significant election defeat in may to mr cameron . 
  the veteran socialist protester won the contest -- despite starting off at odds of 100-1 -- by tapping into widespread discontent at `` business as usual '' westminster politics : he is utterly opposed to the ruling tory party 's plans for more spending cuts in the autumn . 
  those who warned labour activists not to back mr corbyn were the cream of former statesmen , including gordon brown , tony blair , neil kinnock and lord mandelson . 
  mr blair , who won three general elections for labour , called it `` alice in wonderland '' politics and compared it to driving a car off a cliff . 
  some stalwarts of new labour are considering tearing up their party membership cards : yet labour has seen the arrival of 152,000 new paying members , mostly of a more radical temperament . 
  mr corbyn has already caused unease in european capitals with an ambivalent stance on the eu , although last week he clarified his position and said he would campaign for the uk to stay in europe in a forthcoming referendum on membership . 
  he has also alarmed the military establishment with his pacifist outlook : until this week he chaired britain 's stop the war coalition . 
  tom harris , a former mp , said that if corbyn led labour into the next election in 2020 the result would be `` cataclysmic '' . 
  he said : `` if we replace him we could minimise our losses . '' mr corbyn 's team refused to comment on mr renzi 's remarks . 
  that 's a possibility . 
  according to the opinion polls in july , some people at least on the pro-independence side would prefer a federal state if it were available . 
  i think the fact that they have been denied a referendum on it has , apart from increasing tensions , kept the debate away from the advantages vs. disadvantages of independence . 
  the spanish government under the partido popular has tried to ignore this or use legal mechanisms to solve what is a political problem . 
  their hope was that it would fizzle out or go away , without them having to give an inch . 
  the `` ignore and hope it will fizzle out '' strategy has failed . 
  as will be seen in elections on sunday , a sizeable amount ( 45 percent or more ) , if not the majority , of catalans want independence . 
  that will probably translate into a majority of seats . 
  they can not keep ignoring this forever . 
  it would be wise for them to talk to mas to agree a referendum before they move towards a udi and spark a diplomatic crisis . 
  ** edit : ** corrected verb . 
  no , because republican sinn f\u00e9in emerged from a split in the sinn f\u00e9in party in the 1980s over abstentionism . 
  sinn f\u00e9in used to maintain a policy of abstentionism both north and south of the border . 
  when it was abandoned in ireland , there was a split in the party and the smaller republican sinn f\u00e9in emerged from the larger sinn f\u00e9in party . 
  nowadays republican sinn f\u00e9in is seen as one of the dissident republican groups that are opposed to the peace process in northern ireland . 
  the sinn f\u00e9in that has members in the d\u00e1il and the n. irish assembly has become much more mainstream . 
  republican sinn f\u00e9in would probably view the other party as traitors whereas the offed sinn f\u00e9in condemns attacks by the latter 's paramilitaries . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/24/russia-toughens-punishment-separatist-ideas ) an article from the guardian on the same . 
  i 'm not a fan of the party but just a clarification . 
  the party that attended this was republican sinn f\u00e9in , not the sinn f\u00e9in that has representatives in the northern irish assembly and the d\u00e1il eireann . 
  republican sinn f\u00e9in are pretty `` out there '' in that in the 21st century they do n't recognize the legitimacy of the irish state and are a pretty marginal political force ( one elected member and he is in a local county council ) . 
  by the way , do you live in dublin or something ? 
  my catalan friends organize castells in merrion square every now and then if you would like to meet with them ( everybody is welcome ) . 
  i am sorry about what happened to you in toledo and elsewhere . 
  i am reminded of a friend from flanders who was beaten up in wallonia for speaking dutch . 
  insults towards anybody because of their origin or physical attacks on them can never be justified . 
  fair enough , but not everything is going to change as cup say . 
  that was my point . 
  lad , i think some of the pro-independence side have unrealistic expectations about what independence will bring . 
  cup has come out with slogans like `` independence to change everything , '' whereas mas has said that an independent catalonia will resemble a scandinavian country . 
  the sad reality i think is that while the scandinavian model is much envied around the world ( including in my country ) , there are historical and cultural setting us apart . 
  the latter probably wo n't change with independence ( ireland has failed at that and has pretty high levels of inequality ) . 
  the prominent economist martin wolf [ said with regards catalonia ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/economia/20150529/54431958688/martin-wolf-la-independencia-de-una-nacion-pequena-no-significa-demasiado.html ) that while a catalan state was viable but added that independence in a globalised world does n't mean very much . 
  in catalonia 's case , the euro will sadly keep a straightjacket on the state , as it does on every other eurozone country . 
  you 're in favour of self-determination and the right to decide . 
  fair enough . 
  for consistency 's sake , i hope you are in favour of allowing the various separatist movements in brazil ( assuming that is your country ) having the right to do the same if the majority/plurality supports it . 
  i 've seen the argument from / u/toc _ a_somaten elsewhere and is also reflected in the bbc interview with romeva ( when he says `` you can not expel 7.5 million people . '' ), 
  he mentions eu citizenship as all those catalans will still have with their spanish passports . 
  bare in mind there is a real possibility right now that the uk , with 65 million people , will vote to leave the eu in the referendum in 2017 . 
  consequently those 65 million british people could lose their eu citizenship , while probably obtaining a different status similar to norway/switzerland . 
  in that case it is also possible that catalans could lose their eu citizenship , if these elections are viewed as a vote on leaving both the eu and spain . 
  as somebody from the basque country , how do you feel about this article ? 
  i do n't know whether you are nationalist or not , but what kind of political status would you like for * euskadi * ? 
  thank you . 
  before this week , i was n't aware of the shortage of funds or the worsening of conditions for refugees in syria and surrounding countries ( ignorance my side ) . 
  i 'll definitely donate money to help the people there in need . 
  seriously , the conditions in those centres are not good at all . 
  families have to share rooms with adult men they do n't know . 
  prostitution is quite prevalent as well as assaults in the communal bathrooms . 
  in some centres , families have buckets in their rooms and tell their kids to go there in the middle of the night rather than risk having god knows what happen to them if they get up to go to the bathroom . 
  oh yeah , these centres are often run by private companies who are paid by the state . 
  they make huge profits as a result by cutting back and spending the absolute minimum on provision for the people there . 
  i think tighter boarder controls is ( or will be ) the only way to stop that . 
  i read [ this article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/western-balkan-exodus-puts-pressure-on-germany-and-eu-a-1049274.html ) from der spiegel , many of them want to go back to try again after they get deported . 
  i do n't understand . 
  how are they entitled to seek prosperity ? 
  i understand why they do it , but i do n't think they have a right to . 
  if it is enshrined in international law or the un convention on refugees , please point in out to me . 
  the point is that countries in the eu put them up where we can , based on the resources at their disposal , not based on the choice of the refugees . 
  allowing them to go to the country of their choice in western europe can not work as it will put the resources of those countries under immense strain ( which is what is happening right now ) . 
  we distinguish between asylum seekers and economic migrants , do n't we ? 
  but people seeking asylum in a a western europe as opposed to eastern europe over their economic prospects straddles the two . 
  allowing people to pick their destination in western europe over the destination country 's ability to cope can only put the latter 's resources under immense strain . 
  i 'm all for giving refugees safe refuge in europe ( or the eu to be more precise ) . 
  but they have to take the safe haven that 's offered , whether it be romania or germany . 
   in the first 8 months of this year 103,000 persons from the balkan countries * requested asylum in germany . 
  * i think the main point is that these people from the balkans are claiming asylum in germany when they are not fleeing persecution but are economic migrants . 
  i 'm all for expanding working or student visas for people from those countries so they can have better prospects . 
  but these people seem to be using a system intended for people fleeing persecution as a means of improving their socio-economic situation . 
   when we arrived here , we realized that it is far from civilization , shops , hospitals and schools . 
  we need somewhere to study and have a good life . 
  we came to sweden because it would be ` freedom land . 
  i said it the other day but a lot of these refugees are not just seeking security but prosperity as well . 
  this gentleman 's words highlight the same . 
  care to explain why ? 
  the user above ( or somebody else ) has put it again . 
  it 's unclear if the bbc did do that , but there 's a discussion going on about it on the thread . 
   * there is no such thing as `` looking muslim '' . 
  there is only what our biases towards muslims tell us they look like . 
  i think he was referring to the various forms of islamic dress across the muslim world ( note he said `` dress code '' and did not say `` looking muslim '' ) .
