  and in 20 years , it might be impossible . '' it is likely that some of the most ardent independentistas are thinking in those terms even now . 
  people such as oriol junqueras , who have already waited decades for history to move in their direction and can afford to wait a decade or two longer . 
  he says he is committed to the referendum but i wonder whether he sees the looming clash not as a decisive moment but as yet another skirmish in a struggle that spans generations . 
  perhaps , if madrid overreaches , another few hundred thousand catalans will become convinced that their future lies in an independent state . 
  perhaps , if the catalans hold firm , support for secession will finally break through the 50 per cent threshold . 
  how many people do you need , how many votes do you need , before madrid and its european allies finally give way ? 
  will 55 per cent be enough ? 
  junqueras wo n't say . 
  these are tense times , and there is an official line to take . 
  but as we leave his office , squeeze into the tiny lift and slowly make our descent into the blinding light of a barcelona summer day , he makes clear that for him the struggle for independence will never end : `` we will try , he says . 
  `` we will try . 
  we will try . 
  we will try . '', 
  ximenis grew up in a spanish-speaking home . 
  both his parents came to catalonia from other areas of spain , part of a vast influx of migrants from poorer regions such as andalusia and extremadura . 
  even as a child , he felt a strong bond with the land that surrounded him . 
  when he was 16 , his cousins took him to a meeting of a small pro-independence party . 
  `` they said what i had been thinking for some time . 
  so i became an independentista , '' he recalls . 
  from one day to the next , he spoke only catalan , even with his own family . 
  he became a banker but later abandoned his career and dedicated his life to politics -- and the struggle for independence . 
  the plan to hold a referendum in arenys triggered a backlash , with far-right demonstrators travelling from the rest of spain to protest against the event . 
  but the vote went ahead regardless , inspiring other villages and cities to follow suit . 
  over the next two years , another 553 municipalities and close to 900,000 catalans took part in symbolic consultas . 
  the results , unsurprisingly , were overwhelmingly in favour of secession . 
  the steady stream of mini-plebiscites , informal as they may have been , helped to plant the idea of independence in the collective conscience . 
  `` i always thought independence was impossible . 
  and i always thought that we could come to an understanding with spain -- that we could live in one state without renouncing our identity , '' marta encuentra , another arenys activist tells me . 
  `` the day that i realised independence was possible was september 13 2009 , when we voted here . 
  i remember looking at my husband and saying , is it possible ? 
  is it possible that we can make it ? '' she clicks her fingers . 
  `` it was like that . 
  suddenly , the people were waking up . '' after decades during which catalan support for independence hovered between 15 and 20 per cent , secessionist sentiment started climbing rapidly in 2009 . 
  by 2011 , according to the closely followed survey by the catalan centre for opinion studies ( ceo ) , support for independence was above 30 per cent . 
  two years later , it reached an all-time high of 48.5 per cent . 
  the share has fallen back slightly since , but remains within striking distance of the level independence campaigners need to win a referendum . 
  there is no single factor that explains this rapid rise but spain 's harsh economic crisis certainly played a key role . 
  the collapse of a decade-long construction boom was followed by a protracted recession , mass unemployment , austerity and a banking crisis -- dealing a brutal blow to millions of spaniards and to their faith in the country 's leaders and institutions . 
  in catalonia , tensions came to a boil in june 2011 , when protesters surrounded the regional parliament , forcing ministers to reach the building by helicopter . 
  the government , led by artur mas , faced intense pressure . 
  within a few months , however , all that rage and fury would find a new outlet : spain . 
  `` the people who protested against the generalitat [ catalan government ] that summer were the same people who joined the independence movement in the months that followed . 
  the protest was deflected in a new direction , '' says javier cercas , the barcelona-based novelist . 
  `` the fundamental fact here is the crisis . 
  what happened in catalonia is the same thing that happened in europe , and that happened in spain . 
  we suffered a crisis like in 1929 , a crisis that changed the world . 
  it brought us trump and it brought us brexit . '' miquel iceta , the leader of the catalan socialist party , which opposes independence , offers a similar diagnosis : `` people are afraid . 
  they are uncertain . 
  so they think if they close themselves off in small communities they will be protected . '' most supporters of independence agree that the crisis helped to loosen the ties that once bound catalonia to the rest of spain . 
  yet they insist that there was a far more powerful reason driving middle-of-the-road voters towards the independence camp : the stubborn refusal of madrid to take the region 's growing frustration with the status quo seriously . 
  the man who embodies these frustrations better than anyone is artur mas . 
  as president of catalonia from 2010 to 2015 , he has been the dominant political figure in regional politics over the past decade . 
  today , however , he finds himself shunted to the margins : in march , a barcelona court formally barred him from holding public office for two years , over his decision to defy a 2014 ruling by spain 's constitutional court ordering his government to halt preparations for an informal independence ballot . 
  mas is one of several catalan leaders to have been penalised in this way , and the list is likely to grow as the conflict escalates . 
  mas 's new-found role as a political renegade strikes many as ironic . 
  as leader of the centre-right converg\u00e8ncia i uni\u00f3 party , he followed the traditional catalan approach to spanish politics for many years : supporting the madrid government of the day in exchange for financial or political concessions . 
  in 2006 , mas signed off on a grand accord -- the so-called estatut -- that was designed to reorder the relationship between his region and the spanish state , granting crucial new powers to catalonia . 
  the estatut was approved by both parliaments , and by the catalan population in a referendum . 
  then , in 2010 , it was struck down by the spanish constitutional court . 
  the uproar was immediate . 
  sitting in his barcelona office , mas describes the ruling , and the political campaign that preceded it , as an `` act of betrayal '' . 
  in his view , the estatut would have solved the rising tensions between state and region -- over funding , education , the status of the catalan language -- for at least a generation . 
  he made one final attempt to strike a deal with madrid . 
  in the summer of 2012 , at the height of the financial crisis , he presented a plan to spanish prime minister mariano rajoy that would have given catalonia far greater financial autonomy . 
  like other wealthy spanish regions , catalonia is obliged to transfer a sizeable share of its tax revenues to financially weaker parts of the country . 
  just how much it loses is a matter of fierce dispute but even conservative estimates put it at close to $ 10bn a year . 
  mas was trying to respond to the perpetual catalan complaint that `` spain robs us '' , but his timing was poor . 
  rajoy , battling a banking meltdown , said no . 
  the mas narrative -- fiercely disputed by spanish leaders -- is one of increasingly frantic catalan attempts to find accommodation with spain , met by serial rejection . 
  for mas and his allies , the death of the estatut was a turning point : final confirmation that catalan demands for more autonomy , rights and money would never be fulfilled inside spain . 
  `` people like me , we moved from a position where we were confident that the spanish state could be transformed , that it could become a modern and pluri-national state , to a different conviction , '' says ferran mascarell , who heads the catalan government delegation in madrid . 
  `` i now believe that it is impossible to change the spanish state from the inside . '' supporters of independence often display confidence -- if not certitude -- that a majority of catalans share their secessionist dream . 
  `` do n't look at the polls , look at the people , '' ximenis , the organiser of the arenys referendum , told me . 
  `` in every catalan , inside , there is an independentista . '' the truth , however , is that there has never been a majority in favour of secession . 
  the high point came in 2015 , when 48 per cent of catalan voters backed pro-independence parties in regional elections . 
  the votes were enough to secure a majority of seats in the regional parliament but the election still fell short of the declared goal -- to win the kind of outright majority that would be needed in a proper referendum . 
  ** how catalonia 's referendum exposes a divided spain ** * with a vote later this year , the region 's independence movement is gaining ground . 
  * 4 hours ago by : tobias buck oriol junqueras is a big man with big hands , and right now it is his hands that are doing the talking . 
  again and again , he threads the fingers of his left hand into the fingers of his right hand , pushing hard and turning his palms inside out . 
  it looks laborious , and it is meant to be . 
  junqueras is using his fingers to tell a centuries-old story of conflict , nationalism and identity : one hand is catalonia , the other is spain . 
  and , hard as he might try , one will never fit into the other . 
  `` this is a very old phenomenon , '' he says . 
  `` these are two political communities that have great difficulty finding one another . 
  neither recognises itself in the other . 
  they have different priorities . 
  they have different visions . '' if junqueras has his way , they may also -- sooner rather than later -- have different states . 
  the catalan politician is at the forefront of a campaign to lead his homeland out of the union with spain and towards independence . 
  the catalan regional government , of which he is a senior member , has vowed to hold a referendum on secession on october 1 . 
  the vote is intended to show madrid -- and the world -- that the region 's 7.5 million people desire and deserve a state of their own . 
  catalonia has been part of the spanish state for centuries , yet many catalans regard themselves as a nation apart , with their own language , culture and history . 
  the region is one of the country 's 17 `` autonomous communities '' , with powers over matters such as education , healthcare and welfare , and a police force of its own . 
  despite occasional rumblings of discontent , the arrangement was , until recently , broadly accepted by catalans and spaniards alike . 
  to junqueras and his allies , however , the two never truly belonged together . 
  `` catalonia wants to decide its own future -- its political future . 
  and it is faced with a state that says : ` you ca n't take those decisions . 
  we will take them for you , ''' he says . 
  `` so this is ultimately a question of democratic dignity , and of political dignity . '' in the space of only a few years , the cause of secession has moved from the fringes of catalan politics and society on to centre stage . 
  the current catalan government is the first in more than 80 years to advocate secession from spain . 
  the same is true of the regional parliament , where pro-independence deputies are in the majority .
