  he arranged for parliament to strip hdp mps of their immunity and when demirtas was detained in november , the party was paralysed -- some 5,000 hdp members imprisoned . 
  demirtas was once among the country 's most popular politicians but his arrest provoked neither the widespread protests he promised nor the international outrage he hoped for . 
  the party that could have provided tough opposition to the referendum has in effect been muzzled . 
  the fault lay partly with the hdp for not distancing itself from the pkk sufficiently and with demirtas for not asserting his independence from the armed movement , mr firat says . 
  still , winning over hdp voters will be a challenge for mr erdogan , who is seeking to cement his grip on power at the referendum . 
  in the years before the 2015 elections , he reached out to the kurdish community , which has long complained of marginalisation . 
  he helped fully legalise the kurdish language and began a peace process with the pkk . 
  but those efforts collapsed after the hdp 's success at the ballot box and the pkk 's three-decade insurgency resumed with renewed intensity . 
  many towns in the south-east remain under a heavy police presence , and the ruins of buildings destroyed in the fighting provide the backdrop to the political campaign . 
  to woo voters , the government has announced plans for the reconstruction of the ravaged towns , hinting that a yes vote would make the rejuvenation more likely . 
  mehdi eker , a kurdish akp politician , travels with a convoy of half a dozen armoured cars , but expects a strong yes vote in the region . 
  `` the media , both national and international , tend to consider the hdp as a natural and unique representative of kurdish sociology , '' he says . 
  `` that is a mistake . 
  the vote that has gone to the hdp , i would say more than half of it is not due to the free will of people . 
  it is due to pressure on them . 
  sometimes in the form of direct threats [ from the pkk ] . '' this time , the vote `` will be more free '' , he adds . 
  cermik , north-west of diyarbakir , is the type of town where the akp hopes to secure a yes vote . 
  it voted for the hdp in june 2015 and then the akp in snap elections in november of the same year . 
  a housewife and former akp voter says she is so fed up with the one-sided television coverage that she has shifted to the no camp . 
  others , who declined to be named , spoke of deep disillusionment and a reluctance to vote . 
  but abdurrahman , a small-business owner who voted for the hdp as a one-off in june 2015 , intends to back mr erdogan . 
  `` we wanted to send a kurdish party to parliament , '' he says . 
  `` we thought that maybe it would be better for the negotiations . 
  but it was not . '' blaming the pkk for the collapse of the peace process , he says it did not `` allow the hdp to have a role '' . 
  he says he is `` on the fence '' about mr erdogan , but sees him as the best of the available options . 
  `` you have to admit that the akp has done good things for this area , '' he says . 
  `` we have better roads , better hospitals , and the best girls exam scores in the whole of the province . '', 
  i hope you 're kidding and that 's not really the case . 
  i 'm curious , why do you say you have been forced to this ideology ? 
  because of what happened to the estatut and the refusal by the government in madrid to allow a referendum ? 
  why is that ? 
  part of this has been fueled by articles in the telegraph ( such as norman tebbit 's article yesterday ) and that 's not considered a tabloid . 
  it may be something spun by the newspapers , but it 's definitely not just the tabloids at play . 
  ** france 's disillusioned voters prepare to abstain ** * dissatisfaction with political class points to record numbers staying at home * 9 hours ago by : michael stothard in paris growing up in paris 's disadvantaged eastern suburbs , 22-year-old leftwing student sabrina robin has long felt abandoned by the political and business elite a few miles away in the city centre . 
  the idea of casting her vote in france 's presidential election for emmanuel macron , the 39-year-old former rothschild banker who for her embodies that system , is hard to stomach . 
  but nor is she a fan of far-right leader marine le pen . 
  so if , as polls suggest , the election is a choice between ms le pen and mr macron , ms robin sees only one option open to her : abstain . 
  `` macron and his type run around paris wearing their louis vuitton clothes with no idea what 's happening in the real world . 
  i 'm not sure i can give someone like that legitimacy with my vote , even if it does help le pen , '' she says . 
  for voters and investors assessing the chances of a victory for ms le pen and her national front ( fn ) , the turnout in the election , as well as the solidity of support for the candidates , is likely to prove crucial . 
  this year 's election could record the highest abstention rate of any french presidential vote , with 37 per cent of people saying they plan to stay at home for the first round in april 23 , according to polls . 
  this compares with 20 per cent in the last presidential election , a sign of widespread dissatisfaction with the political class . 
  regardless of how this affects the first round , it will be in the deciding run-off vote two weeks later between the two leading candidates that france 's stayaway voters could decide the election -- potentially in favour of ms le pen . 
  latest polls show the fn leader , who has campaigned on anti-globalisation and anti-immigration platform , winning just 40 per cent of votes in the second round -- short of what she needs to win . 
  but the loyalty of ms le pen 's fan base will also come into play if mr macron 's vote proves less solid . 
  latest polls show less than two-thirds of voters who say they support mr macron are sure to vote in the first round compared with a figure of 83 per cent for backers of ms le pen . 
  `` the chance of a le pen victory is much higher than the polls indicate , '' says serge galam , a political scientist at sciences po university . 
  he believes the surveys fail to take into account the likelihood that potential second round macron voters such as ms robin will abstain owing to a lack of enthusiasm . 
  `` for many , voting macron is like taking a bitter medicine . 
  they know they should , but they will look for any excuse not to swallow it , '' he says . 
  mr galam says that if turnout among macron supporters is low enough , ms le pen could even win the election with less than 50 per cent of the intention to vote . 
  he said the same would hold true if centre-right candidate fran\u00e7ois fillon contested the second round against ms le pen . 
  according to one of his election models , a 90 per cent turnout rate for le pen voters on the second round , compared with 65 per cent for macron , would give the far-right leader victory with 50.07 per cent . 
  low turnout has already been a factor in other elections recently . 
  younger britons , who were broadly against the uk leaving the eu , voted in slim numbers in last year 's brexit referendum . 
  the same was true for ethnical minorities in the us election voting for hillary clinton . 
  l\u00e9o roussel , an agricultural worker from eastern france , is another who is unsure if he will support mr macron , even though he says he knows he should vote tactically to keep ms le pen from power . 
  `` i 'm not saying macron is a bad guy , '' says the 42-year-old , who was attending a paris rally to support his favoured candidate , far-left leader jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon . 
  `` but he 's a millionaire financier and i 'm a leftwing farmer -- i do n't think i could vote for him as a point of principle . '' in past elections , a so-called `` republican front '' has developed , where france 's political left and right have , when necessary , systematically united to defeat the far-right . 
  when jean-marie le pen , ms len pen 's father and fn founder , made it to the run-off in 2002 , voters turned out in droves to defeat him , with turnout rates of 80 per cent . 
  some believe a similar pact will form this year . 
  `` the fn is too controversial to rally enough voters to win in the second round , '' says sylvain broyer , chief economist at natixis . 
  but this republican front has been fraying . 
  latest polls reveal that millions of voters from the traditional right and left of french politics are willing to cast their ballot for ms le pen in the second round if their favoured candidate is eliminated . 
  such is the dislike for mainstream politics , even more are said to be planning to abstain . 
  m\u00e9lissandre mallee , a 24-year-old friend of ms robin , says there will be little enthusiasm to vote in her social circle if the second round pits mr macron against ms le pen . 
  `` macron is the same as all the other politicians who went to the same schools and eat at the same restaurants . 
  most of us will probably abstain if he is the only other choice to le pen . '', 
  my thoughts with the victims and their loved ones . 
  i see . 
  was that vigilante group in guyana or in mayotte ? 
   `` of course , none of these people in any way demonstrated their sexual orientation publicly -- in the caucasus , this is equal to a death sentence . '', 
  it voted remain by 55 percent , not huge but still a clear majority . 
  however , like many things in n. ireland , the sectarian divide kind of shaped the [ outcome of the vote . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are people moving from the comoros to mayotte ? 
   i 'd definitely have a beer or 15 with him . 
  oddly enough i 've heard people say the same thing about farage . 
  sorry about that . 
  orban goads soros with hungarian university laws * central european university , founded by the billionaire , faces closure * * yesterday by : andrew byrne in budapest * hungary has sparked a row with a university founded by billionaire george soros by drafting laws that the institution says could force it to shut down . 
  central european university was founded 26 years ago in hungary 's post-communist era and is one of the highest-ranked postgraduate institutions in central and eastern europe . 
  michael ignatieff , the university 's president , said it was being targeted by `` punitive and discriminatory '' legislation . 
  the proposed changes to hungary 's higher education laws extend a battle between mr soros and prime minister viktor orban , who has cast the budapest-born billionaire as an ideological enemy . 
  citing national security considerations , hungary 's government late on tuesday presented draft amendments that would require universities offering degrees with non-european accreditation -- such as ceu -- to open campuses abroad , change their legal status and tighten enrolment and hiring policies for non-eu applicants . 
  these institutions would also have to strike government-level international agreements to cover their operation inside and outside hungary . 
  ceu -- which offers dual us and hungarian accredited diplomas to 1,800 students from 117 countries -- says the changes mean that ceu would have to close to new enrolments in february unless hungary and the us agree a binding international treaty . 
  mr ignatieff , a former leader of canada 's liberal party , said the legislation `` attacks ceu and is an entirely unacceptable assault on academic freedom '' . 
  he demanded the government withdraw its proposals and negotiate an agreement with the state of new york , where ceu is also registered , to guarantee ceu 's existence . 
  he said the us federal government had no jurisdiction over university accreditation . 
  david kostelancik , us charg\u00e9 d\u2019affaires in hungary , said the us `` opposes any effort to compromise the operations or independence of the university '' . 
  mr orban , a one-time soros scholarship beneficiary , has steadily tightened his grip over political institutions , media and the economy since he returned to power as prime minister in 2010 . 
  laszlo palkovics , hungary 's education minister , said the proposals were intended to clarify the legal basis of international institutions operating in hungary . 
  `` this is not an anti-ceu investigation and not against mr soros , '' he told reporters on wednesday . 
  the new proposals follow attacks on ceu in hungary 's pro-government press , accusing the institution of mistreating staff , producing fake degrees and serving foreign interests . 
  they also coincide with a planned clampdown on non-governmental organisations that receive funding from mr soros ' open society foundations , although final proposals have not yet been published . 
  maria schmidt , an influential orban ally and owner of figyelo , a business weekly , has described ceu as mr soros 's `` outpost '' . 
  in a blog post she said the billionaire philanthropist was `` the embodiment of everything that deserves our contempt . 
  today soros 's name means liberal and . 
  everything that is loathsome , unpatriotic , arrogant , and unacceptable '' . 
  other countries , including russia and uzbekistan , have expelled groups funded by mr soros 's osf .
