  but hands off ! '' the german town of bornheim , 30 km south of cologne , temporarily banned male asylum seekers from its pool this month after receiving complaints of sexual harassment . 
  more than 600 women in cologne and other cities filed complaints ranging from sexual molestation to theft in attacks on the new year 's weekend . 
  police have said their investigations are focused on illegal migrants from north africa and asylum-seekers . 
  reuters, 
  it was refreshing at least to see those jihadist idiots confronted ( often quite aggressively ) by other muslims when trying to spread their filth in edgware road . 
  the guy screaming at the police at 16:40 over which section of the counter-terrorist act prohibits the isis flag is on benefits for fatigue . 
  thank you for this . 
  very interesting and impressive . 
  here in ireland , traditional sports are very much alive but we do n't have any kind of traditions like this . 
  the irish would too . 
  very well written first of all . 
  i would like to question you about this part :  ... and entirely discounting the agency and moral culpability of cultures in which * sexual assault becomes a prescribed course and a massively followed course of action for disenfranchised young muslim men in a european country . 
  * i think that is pushing it . 
  this was an incident involving a very large group of people but can we really say this is true for muslim men as a whole in germany or any other european country ? 
  completely agree . 
  spanish qwerty is very straightforward to use to write in various languages . 
  i read the google translate version of the article . 
  it paints a pretty frightening picture . 
   the channel programme is ** voluntary ** and of the 4,000 referrals since 2012 , * only hundreds have agreed to take part . 
  * that 's a big problem . 
  spoken languages linguistic practices of immigrants with their children in percentages . 
  key : dark green = only french light green = french and a foreign language pink = one or several foreign languages . 
  then you have a breakdown of the data by country of origin of the immigrants : turkey , south-east asia , morocco/tunisia , algeria , portugal , italy/spain and sub-saharan africa . 
  this is the result of a study called `` trajectoires et origines '' by the national institute of demographic studies ( ined ) in france . 
  more info [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.ined.fr/fr/publications/document-travail/trajectoires-et-origines-enquete-sur-la-diversite-des-populations-en-france-premiers-resultats/ ), 
  i have a syrian friend here who was joined by his wife . 
  she was almost finished her degree in architecture when the war started . 
  when she got here she was told she would have to start from scratch . 
  fortunately she had a portfolio of her previous work and was able to come to an arrangement with the college here in dublin so that she would n't have to do that . 
   human rights groups have condemned the move in a letter to the un 's refugee agency , our correspondent adds . 
  they say russia should not be considered a safe place for refugees . 
  why is russia not a safe place for refugees ? 
  i think it is time we recognised that it is possible to come from a country that is at war/unsafe and also be an economic migrant looking to travel to a prosperous country in search of better fortunes . 
  in this case there does n't seem to be any grounds for them to claim asylum in norway when they were safe in russia . 
  this is an organisation that shares a lot in common with isis with regards ideology of establishing a caliphate . 
  i see it as a stepping stone to more militant groups . 
  agreed . 
  these people could still claim asylum in france or could have claimed it in any of the other european countries they crossed to get there . 
  european integration existed before schengen , why would n't it exist without it ? 
  personally , i think some form of it could survive perhaps in the form of [ `` mini schengens . 
  '' ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/nations-mini-schengen-borders-passports-travel-freedom-migration-refugees/ ) in my opinion if we ca n't fix schengen by securing its external borders , then it would be better to take a step back in european integration and abandon it . 
  either there or in turkey . 
  if this were done properly it would stop reduce the chaos of this situation . 
  when you add the support for isis to that for the al-nusra front ( 35 % ) it makes for some disturbing reading . 
  the main difference really between the two groups is leadership not ideology . 
  the comments on this article from / r/socialism [ were pretty disappointing . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/40d8f9/on_pseudofeminist_racism_why_cant_we_always_take/ ) i am only singling out that sub as it was the one where this article got the most upvotes . 
  i used to be a big fan of pilger as a kid and believe that a lot of his journalism is very good . 
  but he also has deep anti-american beliefs and that effects his outlook on everything . 
  on ukraine he was not impartial at all , saying on irish radio that the government that took over after yanukovych as `` a bunch of nazis '' and that russia was `` perfectly reasonable '' in doing what it was doing . 
  is anybody else concerned not only that people with jihadist sympathies may be arriving , but that they may be using their time in the centres to radicalize others ? 
  this . 
  i think that in a country like germany where there are strict prohibitions on nazi symbolism , it would only be fitting to adopt strong restrictions on isis symbolism . 
  both represent pretty appalling regimes and ideologies . 
  i think it would also be more fitting given that people have held pro-isis rallies in germany waving that disgusting flag . 
  well , to be honest the controls there are often a joke . 
  i took the boat to and back to the uk quite frequently at one stage . 
  the police did n't really look at your passport , just looked at the country and waved you through . 
  in one case the garda did n't even take it from me to inspect it , i held it open for him for a second before he said `` grand , go ahead ! '', 
  in my experience , the romanian ladies are very attractive . 
   seriously though , it 's impressive . 
  while most of our leaders speak irish fluently ( although admittedly english dominates ) , it 's very rare for them to speak a foreign language . 
  people are often more than happy to switch to english with us , which can be frustrating . 
  kenny probably had french in school and remembers a little bit like many of us but i do n't think he speaks it . 
  congratulations to the people involved and the hungarians !, 
   instead of using the refugee crisis for its own political agenda by demanding that the state provide even more money for everybody , the left should have realized that the means of the state are not unlimited and that simply throwing more money at the problem is likely to aggravate things by creating even greater expectations among the refugees . 
  exactly . 
  with the external borders of schengen broken , they will keep coming . 
  however much money you intend to use to integrate these migrants ( to train them , house them etc. ), 
  will only be revised upwards in the future with this policy as others will keep coming . 
  as it stands , figures of $ 25-30 billion a year are thrown around as to how much this will cost germany . 
  jesus , are n't people very concerned about this ? 
  sorry , i should have clarified that when posting here . 
  seriously deluded kids . 
  these are people who refuse to recognize the irish state as legitimate as it arose out of the anglo-irish treaty in 1922 . 
  for them the legitimate government is the army council of their armed wing ( in this case the continuity ira ) . 
  more information on this [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/0106/758130-gardai-dissidents/ ), 
  i had n't thought about it that way . 
  thank you . 
  are you serious ? 
  i assume ( hope ) that that is the after tax salary , but even then that is very low . 
  i was in portugal last summer and my portuguese friend told me that being paid $ 700 a month was not uncommon . 
  i could n't believe it and thought he must have been exaggerating . 
  is that really true ? 
  out of curiosity , how many greek cypriots speak turkish today ( and vice versa ) ? 
  is it taught in schools over there ? 
  a lot of these jihadis use their time in prison to radicalise others . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't understand the lack of consistency of the zealots . 
  there are drawings/cartoons of the abrahamic god all the time ( including this cover ) , who is the supreme being that muslims , christians and jews all supposedly worship . 
  given the reaction is not the same , i presume these zealots probably dismiss as tolerable at least . 
  but when somebody draws a prophet , who is supposedly a lot less important than god , they go mad and readily use violence . 
  but then again , i do n't want to give these idiots ideas . 
  thank you for that . 
  i can read spanish and am reading what forcadell has said about them : `` me equivoqu\u00e9 y mucho . '', 
  many thanks for that . 
  out of curiosity , why did n't jxs put forward junqueras , romeva or some other candidate instead of mas as the cup were saying ? 
  there were two ( ? ),
