it was obvious from the beginning . 
  i never understood why my fellow countrymen are so opposed against refugees . 
  95 % of them will leave poland as soon as possible . 
  i had czech neighbours . 
  the best moment was when my 3 years old son was playing hide & seek with their daughter . 
  my wife said : `` wiktor , szukaj bianki '' . 
  her czech mother was crying with laughter . 
   czechia is poor underdeveloped country full of racists , you really shouldnt come here . 
  but you have only 16 % god-believers . 
  dream country to me . 
  if only czech language was less funny  . 
   it surprises me that people do n't want to live in eastern europe . 
  why ? 
  many poles do n't want to live there either . 
  they only want salaries as big as in western europe . 
  everything else is bad and a threat to our glorious christian culture . 
  yeah , we have special day for demolishing our cities . 
  it 's called independence day . 
  i do n't see any problems with arabs in london . 
  i 've been living here for 6 years now , most of this time in middle east neighbourhood ( barking ) . 
  i moved to more white borough last year but i will always remember barking as quite safe place to live . 
  maybe they do n't integrate very well and their culture is different to ours but i would never say they are a threat to our lives . 
  btw i have blonde wife as well . 
  we have a long and rich history between germany and poland . 
  there is something for everybody  . 
  like western ussr  . 
  i prefer * former-east-germany *  . 
  take away german signs and adverts , add some dog shit on pavements and it will look like western poland . 
  ... or education . 
   is n't atheism a form of religion ? 
  of course . 
  like not drinking alcohol is a form of alcoholism . 
  this is how we call our ancestors . 
  give them british postal address , your embassy for example , and problem solved . 
  this is how i buy digital stuff from amazon us where prices are much lower comparing to eu . 
  damn , it was +15 in wroc\u0142aw two weeks ago !, 
  was even prettier before 1945 . https://vimeo.com/67087042, 
  nowadays ? 
  do you think we were better 100 or 500 years ago ? 
  you are right . 
  it 's working , without need of `` english only '' policy . 
  it 's not the exception . 
  he 's got a lot of classmates from different parts of the world . 
  his best 4 mates are from romania , kosovo , england and turkey . 
  apart from english boy , obviously , they all speak english very well . 
  but polish catholics do n't care what pope says . 
  since jp2 died they do n't need pope any more . 
  they live in their own little world and wo n't listen to anybody except local priest or/and radio maryja . 
  it 's not true . 
  we live in uk and speak polish only at home . 
  our son ( 8 years old ) has no problems at school at all . 
  he even won `` star of the year '' award last year . 
  the church is against in vitro , so are they . 
  do n't agree . 
  drivers in uk follow the rules very well . 
  maybe they do n't know what f. . . indicators are for , but they stop at zebra if anyone is waiting to cross . 
  `` jesus christ '' and `` crap '' are in the same category ? 
  i thought we are talking about low paid jobs that do n't require skills and anyone can do it . 
  and they are right . 
  problem is locals do n't want to work for a shitty wage . 
  especially if they can get the same money from benefits . 
  it 's not a polish style bread . 
  it 's how a normal bread looks like . 
  every country in europe have bread like this , except british islands . 
  nothing , it 's the same as polish one and it 's probably cheaper , considering that everything in polish shops ( in uk ) is overpriced . 
  this map is very similar to the one with percentages of [ people in european countries who believe there is a god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_atheism#europe ) . 
   do you become british just by being born there ? 
  yes , if one of your parents have lived in uk continuously for five years . 
  [ more ] ( http://www.aboutimmigration.co.uk/giving-birth-child-uk.html ), 
  not all muslims . 
  isis killed more muslims than christians , so far ... 
  this explains perfectly why i call my country `` iran of europe '' . 
  they stand on the left . 
  we visited marseille two weeks ago on our way back from corsica and we really liked this place . 
  we stayed there for one night only so did n't have much time to explore the city , though . 
  to be fair i saw plenty of idiots in poland in t-shirts saying `` only god can judge me '' . 
  is n't putting christianity above the law ? 
  from poland : abelard giza from uk : john cleese , ricky gervais , david walliams , sean lock, 
  rather a warehouse or a public hall . 
   forcing people to go home is a war no one wants how one defines home ? 
  my home is in uk . 
  i 've been living here for almost 11 years , my son was born here , i bought a flat ... 
   you wo n't be able to see your grandkids probably this is one of the reasons why they emigrate so far away . 
  i went to lanzarote last december . 
  have not seen a single brit in a spanish restaurant . 
  where is san escobar ? 
  i bet they say the same about lgbt . 
  bonjour , merci and au revoir are the standard words one has to know if he/she does not want to look like an idiot abroad . 
   i remember a polish couple in holidays trying to buy some baguettes in the bakery . 
  they struggled to understand what was saying the waiter , because she refused to speak english . 
  when the couple asked her what was the price in english , she just repeat herself , louder , in french . 
  gosh . 
  we had this problem everytime we went to france for holiday . 
  but one day we learned a simple sentence `` parlez-vous anglais ? '' . 
  i do n't know why but every frenchman becomes suddenly an anglophile when hearing this . 
  they can speak english , they are more friendly ... 
  and still horizon is not straight . 
   the americans before pearl harbour did n't want to go to war and the moment after , they were having too many volunteers . 
  they did n't want to fight for their country or they did n't want to fight for europe ? 
  i guess it 's the latter .
