  there has been a lot of unwarranted misinformation circulating regarded this . 
  let 's be clear : there were 5,000 irish soldiers branded as deserters after the war and barred from civil service positions . 
  these were soldiers who were members of the irish defense forces and had left their posts without permission during a national emergency , primarily to join allied forces in europe . 
  let 's also be clear that the irish state was officially neutral during the second world war . 
  in totally , 50,000 irish people , from the irish free state , fought during the second world war , but only 10 % of these were branded as deserters because they had left their posts in the irish defense forces without permission . 
  in any other country , if a soldier leaves his/her post without permission and joins another army ( hostile , allied or neutral ) that would technically be regarded as desertion and would be treated in a similar manner . 
  sources : [ emergency powers ( no . 
  362 ) order , 1945 ] ( http://www.forthesakeofexample.com/emergencypowersorder362.htm ) , related to former personnel of the irish defense forces who deserted during the second world war . 
  recent [ irish independent article ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/pardon-expected-for-deserters-29219710.html ) reporting on the pardoning of former personnel of the irish defense forces who deserted during the second world war . 
  [ defense forces ( second world war amnesty and immunity ) bill , 2012 ] ( http://www.oireachtas.ie/documents/bills28/bills/2012/11812/b11812s.pdf ) , in relation to the pardoning of former personnel of the irish defense forces who deserted their posts during the second world war . 
  the process of anglicisation : \u00c9ire --  \u00c9ire-land --  ire-land ( dropping the '' \u00c9 '' ) --  ireland . 
   the irish potato famine was not just deadly because of ** there were not enough potatoes but because of unchecked market forces : most of the potatoes were exported , driving up the price of the potatoes consumed internally . 
  ** as many people in ireland were quite poor at that time , this lead to starvation . 
  there a lot of misinformation here : firstly , there was a large potato blight ( phytophthora infestans ) which plagued ireland and western europe during the 1840s , though its effect hit ireland worse . 
  this killed off all the potato crops , eliminating the primary stable diet of most irish tenant farmers at the time . 
  therefore the statement * `` most of the potatoes were exported , driving up the price of the potatoes consumed internally '' * is incorrect -- how could you export potatoes if all the potato crops were dead ? 
  secondly , you 're leaving out another crucial detail : ireland was basically ruled by what was akin to a small feudal aristocracy at the time , whereby most of the land in ireland was owned by a small number of landlords and that most of the irish catholic population were tenants ( or serfs ) . 
  this great disparity in land ownership was primary due to the fact that irish catholics ( the majority of the population of the island ) were not allowed to own land until the late 18th century ( penal laws ) . 
  the dominance of these aristocratic landlords in ireland only began to subside at the end of the 19th century with the movement towards land reforms . 
  these irish tenants farmers were usually allotted the worst land in the landlords ' estates so that better lands could be used for growing more lucrative agricultural produce and grazing livestock . 
  a lot of these other foodstuffs were exported , thus contributing to the landlord 's income . 
  these small allotments given to tenant farmers usually were n't suited for growing anything other than potatoes . 
  therefore , when the potato blight arrived , the primary diet of the tenant farmers was cut off , thus leading to the famine . 
  yes , that 's obvious . 
  are n't they related too somewhere along the line ? 
  generally you would think that bee killers were meant to kill bees . 
  is n't the whole euro-pride thing getting a little old now ? 
  the finnish one is interesting . 
  in the glorious european imperium , the bbc tv license fee would be divided equally among 700 million people , instead of 64 million people . 
  so you 'd only have to pay ~ # 13 / $ 17 per year . 
  this is exactly why we need a strong eu , so that we can erase national borders and be allowed to view media on bbc iplayer . 
   bbc iplayer tv programmes are available to play in the uk only . 
  find out why . 
  if you are in the uk and see this message please read this advice . 
  you could at least explain why you find it to be nonsense . 
  christ , why be so pedantic , i 'm just trying and failing to make a joke . 
   no , that was the old approach ; the one tried by the germans in the 30s and 40s , the ussr before that , the british in the 19th century , the french in the late 18th and so on . 
  yes , the eu is unlike those . 
  but the eu is a collective consciousness , there are no individual countries which take over others , unlike an empire . 
  the eu is the beginning , the end , the one who is many . 
  the eu is not one single country that controls the collective , there is no disparity like that , the eu * is * the collective . 
  the eu brings order to chaos . 
  ever since we left the uk , ireland has always tried to make itself distinct from the uk . 
  generally , whatever the uk does , ireland tries to do the opposite . 
  regardless , a uk exit has the potential to be damaging for ireland . 
  from what i gather , one of the main grievances uk-separatists ( such as ukip ) have with the eu is their inability to control immigration from other eu member states . 
  now while the vast majority of these separatists are totally in favour of remaining inside the european economic area , they fail to understand that the treaty of amsterdam maintains that one of the prerequisites for membership of the eea is maintaining an open-border policy with other eea members . 
  so the uk would have to sacrifice it 's membership of the eea in order to restrict immigration from other eea states . 
  the treaty of amsterdam also recognises the uk and ireland 's separate common travel area ( cta ) arrangement . 
  now if the uk scraps the treaty of amsterdam , then there could be big questions on ireland 's continual cta with the uk . 
  if the uk chooses to go down this path , then the eu could put pressure on eu member-states ( including ireland ) to impose travel restriction and impose trade tariffs on the uk . 
  this could be damaging for ireland as most of our exports are to the uk and there is the prospect of stricter border control along the border with northern ireland , which would greatly affect communities living in the border-regions as they are very economically and culturally integrated . 
  a uk exit will inevitably lead to debate in ireland about our relationship with the eu , and whether or not it is worth more to concentrate on our ties with the uk/anglosphere over the eu . 
  `` we are the eu . 
  open your borders and surrender your sovereignty . 
  we will add your national and economic distinctiveness to our own . 
  your culture will adapt to service us . 
  resistance is futile . '', 
   odd that scotland and the roi do n't have many furries though . 
  well , we have a hefty supply of livestock . 
  why buy a fursuit when you have the real thing ? 
  `` plus \u00e7a change , plus c'est la m\u00eame chose . '' `` the more things change , the more they remain the same . '', 
  sometimes the plebs do n't know what 's good for them . 
  [ shite in a bucket ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl6adrzs3fs ), 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfdciig7b4q https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcqjmczndbc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llnu283uslg, 
  ah hee-ore , leave tallafornia bleedin ' out of it right . 
  people like anders behring breivik . 
  well , irish is spoken more in the west of ireland , in the gaeltachta\u00ed , not in dublin . 
  if you go down to galway , for instance , i 'm sure you 'll hear some conversations amongst people in irish . 
  some of us can . 
  i do n't know if that would always be the case . 
   '' ... great england prime minister nigel farage ... ''  '' ... the new president of france marine le pen ... '' * shudder *, 
  i suppose you could always apply to the erasmus programme , but that 's usually just for 6 months or 1 semester . 
  well irish is the second language irish students learn , but they have to take a third language , usually french or german , the vast majority of people choose french and it 's often not taught that well . 
  yes , a three month study abroad programme would be good . 
  i 've known people who studied abroad for 6 months ( france in their case ) when they were in transition year and they had a very good proficiency in the language when they came back . 
  at that age , students soak up new information a lot easier , especially if they 're immersed in it . 
  yes , very likely . 
  to be honest , the uk and ireland * badly * need an overhaul in how foreign languages are taught . 
  seen as we 're apart of the eu now , we need to speak more than one language because the eu is so multilingual . 
  no , not really . 
  i think a confederated europe as opposed to a federated europe ( in the model of the usa ) is a lot more realistic because the language , culture and economic development is very different from country to country in the eu . 
  this is not the case in the united states because there is a common language and common culture , making a federation a lot more easy . 
  therefore , it makes sense for each member-state to keep most of the control of their respective affairs ( especially economic and judicial affairs ) and for issues like the military and foreign affairs to be a little bit more centralised . 
  in a way , the eu is already a confederacy . 
  yeah , the foreign language skills in ireland and the uk are pretty bad , thus is the attitude of people when they speak a language that is the de facto lingua franca . 
  but regardless , it just seems counter-intuitive not to have diplomats who do n't speak the language in the country they 're based . 
  like americans ? 
  why would you send non-russian speaking uk diplomats to a uk embassy in russia ? 
  i mean , really !, 
  yeah , well , we can ignore them . 
  there are flash-bang grenades going off , of course it 's not peaceful . 
  someone in anther thread translated some of the slogan from the protest , not for this particular video though , and the slogans translated to `` fuck islam '' . 
  this clear hate speech . 
  the present pope is an antipope . 
   we need to give out hug blankets to everyone !, 
  this is not a bad idea . 
  i said i do n't speak polish . 
  of course i do n't speak polish . 
  why would i speak a language that will eventually be replace by a common pan-european language : arabic .
