  sincerely ,, 
  ireland was in a better state than greece at the time , both economically and politically . 
  this is why were have more or less recovered now . 
  however , instead of looking at things on a case-by-case basis you just gave money out to whoever asked for it . 
  why did germany give out so much money to a country that could n't pay the money back in the first place ? 
  what were you expecting ? 
  hold on , there 's square somewhere in the world named after margaret thatcher ? 
  so , is tsipras the reincarnation of king leonidas i ? 
  and to cut costs , they could use the antiquated facilities at olympia for the games . 
  good on the greeks , always the ones to set precedents . 
  gr8b8m8 . 
  did syriza even have a prospect of succeeding with a renegotiation in the first place ? 
  was n't usury an offence at one time in many european countries in the past ? 
  now usury is a europe-wide institution solidified in law . 
  would n't that start a revolt ? 
  so , he 's basically advocating an invasion of greece ? 
  so , greece is going to have an alexander the great moment and instead of taking over asia it 's going to take over europe ? 
   there is a way out but everyone is too short sighted to see it . 
  nobody would buy the idea that i have even though , at least to me , it makes perfect sense . 
  full european integration can be achieved . 
  peace can be achieved . 
  arguable hastened attempts at european integration are what helped cause the problem in the first place . 
  what 's with this quirky fusion of words , `` grexit '' , `` greferendum '' ? 
  why ca n't people just say `` greek exit '' and `` greek referendum '' ? 
  is this a competition on how quirky and clever you can be with words ? 
   i 'll be going to london , ** whales ** ( bangor ) , scotland ( edinburgh ) ,, 
   they have been together for about three centuries , and most scotts still see themselves as scotts first and british second ( if at all ) . 
  scots had more in common with the english at the time the union of the crowns began than many eu members states have with each other in this day and age . 
  i do n't see a problem with the dual language posts . 
  i think it 's a nice idea actually . 
  does it really affect you that much ? 
  the leaving the eu part just seems to be scaremongering by some politicians . 
  i 'd like it to become a tribal confederacy , and nothing more . 
  you would need some sort of extreme social engineering to water down or eradicate individual european national identity and replace it with a stronger common european identity . 
  the patchwork of different national and cultural identities in europe are just far too entrenched . 
   but on a recent drive through the countryside of a european nation i saw an eu flag flying in front of a primary school , seemingly in equal status to the flag of that european nation . 
  you see the eu flag on public buildings as well . 
  some school might fly it if they 're receiving eu funds/grants . 
  however , it does n't mean that people hold any special affinity to the flag . 
  it might leave the eurozone , but probably not the eu . 
  people stupidly conflate the two . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5l4oej38aly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuzhiswcc-i https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkbmahukiby, 
  it 's funny that the word for `` yes '' in greek looks more like a `` no '' . 
  i really doubt that friedman would be in favour of taxpayers ' money being used to bailout private enterprises , like banks . 
  here 's an example of what he thought about bailouts : https://youtu.be/j9cto8aqyre?t=13s the austerity measures in greece and around europe are a direct result of governments deciding to bailout banks and footing the bill on ordinary taxpayers . 
  if friedman were tsipras he would have allowed the greek economy to default when he took office because he was against such market intervention like bailouts . 
  this is really what laissez-faire is about ; as much non-intervention in the market as possible by government . 
  i do n't see how mayoral appointments of local european cities belong in / r/europe . 
  i do n't see political news * that * local on this subreddit , unless it 's somehow odd , intriguing , tragic , worrying or has wider implications . 
  the story really has very little relevance in this subreddit . 
   we have a crazy feminazi in finland whose said that women who sleep with men are traitors to their gender ah yes , the `` all piv = rape '' tumblristas . 
  i never knew they were actually spilling over into the real world . 
  it would be classified as inappropriate and of course would n't * actually * happen . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that no-one would complain in the same way or to the same extent as if it were a man who appeared just wearing boxers doing the weather forecast . 
  it would n't be seen as `` objectifications of men '' , `` oppression '' , `` a false standard for men '' . 
  not by a long shot . 
  it would be just seen as in bad taste . 
   mean issues feminists like susie orbach have been talking about since the 70s are any less important today orbach conclusions about social causes for female obesity are a bit confusing , i.e. 
  the notion that a significant percentage of female obesity can be attributed to a subconscious attempt by some women to desexualise themselves in order to be taken more seriously in the workplace not to be objectified by men . 
  [ rates of obesity among women are only marginally greater than rates of obesity among men ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/heres-how-obesity-relates-gender-race-income-us-charts-1469056 ) , and that tiny difference could be better attributed to the fact that generally men are more physically active on average and are better biologically equipped to turn fat into muscle . 
  if any large percentage of female obesity could be attributed to orbach 's assertions , then you should expect there to be a greater disparity in obesity rates between men and women . 
   those are some incredibly sweeping statements about the whole feminist movement . 
  i said `` is increasingly influenced '' by certain individuals , i was n't talking about the `` whole '' feminist movement and i was also talking about feminism in the west , which further reduces who i was talking about . 
  but , to be honest , let 's face it , feminists in the west these day , you know , sort of pushing the limits of what people can take seriously . 
   right ... 
  yes . 
  not much a rebuttal there . 
  * 1.8 % now but looking at [ this chart ] ( http://www.investing.com/currencies/eur-usd-chart ) the fluctuations do n't seem to be too abnormal if you look at the chart for the past day or week . 
  [ it 's tragically poetic that the collapse of western civilisation will begin where western civilisation itself began . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5l4oej38aly ), 
  hello mr. dollar , senpai . 
   why should there be a reduced tax and discounts if you live on a island ? 
  because it promotes tourism in exotic mediterranean island locations which in turn promotes spending in those valuable tourist locations which in turn promotes spending which in turn promotes more vat revenue , etc. , etc. . . 
   why should there be a reduced tax and discounts if you live on a island ? 
  because it promotes tourism in exotic mediterranean island locations which in turn promotes spending in those valuable tourist locations which turn turn promotes spending which in turn promotes more vat revenue , etc. , etc. . . 
  would n't that in itself have a massive impact on the greek economy ? 
  shutting down the banks for an entire week ? 
  no-one would complain if you had a topless hunky man doing the weather forecast on tv . 
  you might have a few men taken aback , but women and gays would love it . 
  on the other hand , if you had a hot topless woman doing the weather forecast it 's `` objectifications of women '' , `` oppression '' , `` a false standard for women '' . 
  in the west , feminism 's stance on fashion and female beauty is increasingly influenced by women who are jealous of other women who are more successful in taking care of their bodies . 
  as such , they hate any suggestive display of the female body . 
  their feminist stance in this case is a rationalisation of their own ineptitude . 
  they want to lower the perceived physical standards that people should strive towards in order for their own failings to not be perceived by society as being failings at all . 
  i think this sort of toxic attitude is starting to gradually become popular in male circles too with regard to standards that men should aim towards in their physique , though it 's not as bad . 
  you should get your all euros , go to your local jewellery store and buy as much gold jewellery as your savings can buy , then hide them in your mattress . 
  i think it would clearly show that greeks have a greater deference to authority compared to jackbooted germans who like taking orders . 
  deference to authority can have positive aspects in certain circumstances , but in other cases it has negative aspects . 
  northern europeans have , by and large , more `` high trust '' societies compared to southern europeans . 
  a low trust society would have greater mistrust of authority compared to a high trust societies . 
  financial institutions would also work smoother in a high trust society compared to a low trust society . 
  there 's also protestant work ethic which has influenced general northern european attitudes towards work . 
  sure . 
  but if we 're comparing two economies that have relatively similar levels of infrastructure and technological development applied in industry , we could make slightly better assumptions on the amount energy on average the workers in those two economies put into each hour of labour . 
  now , i know such an ideal comparison is nearly impossible , but it 's a little easier inside europe where more or less the same standards in infrastructure , technology and industry are applied from country to country ( at least in western europe , and maybe to a degree in southern europe too ) . 
  we 're not comparing the working conditions and equipment in industry found in bangladesh with that found in industry in germany . 
   moreover i dont think that anyone could calculate the energy that every worker put . 
  you could correlate it with the amount each worker produces on average per hour . 
  a simply rebuttal ( if you wanted to make it ) is that the number of hours worked per day is not correlated with the amount of energy you put into each hour of work . 
  you could be at work 4 hours per day and still produce more than someone who worked for 8 hours per day .
