  two years actually makes a big difference in terms of maturity , especially for people aged between 16 and 21 , not so much afterwards . 
  dey terk err lung !, 
  eight hundred years !!, 
  democracy is for weaklings , the majority of people really do n't know what 's good for them . 
  a man 's penmanship could reveal more about himself than he 'd otherwise want others to know , so be careful how you handle every stroke . 
  lol , scandinavians and their problems . 
  : rolleyes :, 
  the principality of sealand . 
   `` and the lord said unto moses , ` strike thy rod into the southern tip of the land of the doggers and i shall unleash my wrath upon that land for it hath betrayed my commandments ' . 
  and moses did as the lord commanded and a great torrent of water sprang forth from the valleys and mountains of doggerland and the entire land was sunk beneath the sea . 
  then the lord said , ` let doggerland be set as a reminder unto all the nations of the fate which awaits those who engageth in perversion and behaveth like the beasts of the fields . ' '', 
  a man with 20,000 wives ? 
  i know . 
  the scots language is basically english . 
  but the gaelic language in scotland is usually called `` scots-gaelic '' or `` scottish gaelic '' , i 've never heard of it called `` celtic-scottish '' , though gaelic is a celtic language . 
  clearly they are all anti-war nazis . 
  i 'm talking about the spelling . 
  and the term `` scottish '' could be used to describe the scots language or the scots-gaelic . 
  scothish ? 
  here in ireland , the day of the winter solstice has about 7 hours of sunlight . 
  i ca n't see britain being much different . 
  [ but i thought that germany was like southern california . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjn0b2riimi ), 
  yes , the only black-and-red flags i 've seen in that feed are of the horizontal variety . 
  this is just from the nuclear waste dump beside craggy island off the irish west coast . 
  the irish government gave the british government permission to dump nuclear waste there . 
  black-and-red anarchist flags are diagonal , not horizontal . 
   we can make new federal british isles so you want ireland to basically rejoin the uk but keeping its own devolved parliament like in northern ireland or scotland ... never . 
  happen . 
   britain 's biggest mistake in history was by not wiping out the irish entirely in the 1600s and planting all of ireland with british protestants . 
   it has been handed hundreds of billions from the eu that it will not be repaying . 
  erm , i 'm pretty sure most the imf-eu bailout money has been repaid by now . 
  \u00c9ire is still actually one of the official names of ireland according to the irish constitution :  article 4  the name of the state is \u00c9ire , or , in the english language , ireland . 
  i ca n't hear you over this giant pool sized tub of $ 2 coins i 'm giggling . 
  so next the old $ 20 , $ 50 , $ 100 , $ 200 and $ 500 banknotes will also be gradually phased out in favour of the new version ? 
  wow , that looks like a big rally . 
  but there is a worrying neo-nazi presence there ; there are people flying black-and-red banderite flags and there 's one group of people flying a flag with a white celtic sun-cross on a black background ( another neo-nazi symbol ) . 
  celtic tiger 2.0 . 
  there 's really no excuse for this sort of geographical ignorance in this day and age . 
  it would be slightly excusable if they could only find a pre-1991 atlas in an old drawer somewhere and were in a hurry and mixed up the names , but this is the internet age . 
  his title in the history books ought to be `` cameron the abysmal '' . 
   `` vote yes and you may bare a few years of turbulence , vote no and your life will continue on as it was , at least a while . 
  and dying in your beds many years from now , would be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance , just one chance to come back to the polling booth and tell our enemies that they may take our yes votes , but they 'll never take our freedom !!, 
  sinn f\u00e9in , ireland 's main nationalist party , had an '' \u00c9ire nua '' policy at one point , which was the advocacy of a federal republic of ireland with 4 states ( leinster , ulster , munster and connacht ) and a federal capital in the centre of the country in athlone . 
  then you could make jokes like `` north ireland is best ireland . 
  probably not , we do n't even drive on the right in ireland . 
  lol , ireland looks like the only country that has landed * added * on . 
  the only reason he 'd be heartbroken is because he knows he 'd be forced to resign . 
   i live in ireland so i voted in the irish eu elections back in may . 
  there does seem to be alot of ignorance in ireland to what meps actually do as well . 
  i remember the ads for that socialist candidate , it had `` stop the water tax '' as its tagline , which is odd because the eu has nothing to do with irish water and i could n't tell any difference between labour , fg and ff their policies were pretty identical from one another with regards to europe . 
  let 's face it , if it was n't for the troika and the bailout , we would n't need to introduce property or water tax . 
   the main problem with ukip is they are fairly crap meps , they never show up and they have this odd policy of voting down anything , even things that would be in the uk interest . 
  obviously , because one of ukip 's prime directives is to separate the uk from the eu , they 've no interest in most things the european parliament gets up to . 
   while ireland exported food , there would still likely have been a shortage . 
  ironically , if the english landlords wanted to keep their irish estates yielding food exports they should n't have allowed the tenant farmers , who produced the food , to starve to death or emigrate by forcing them to be overly reliant on the potato . 
  i think it 's clear that although on the one hand the english landlords were concerned about loosing profits from food exports , on the other hand they clearly had a very racist opinion of the irish and believed that they deserved to suffer . 
  you can clearly gauge that opinion from the quotes from aristocrats in the above link and from the english newspapers at the time ( e.g. 
  the times ) . 
  it 's almost as though they were willing for there to be a short term loss of profit in order to make the irish suffer . 
  i 'm not from england/uk , but i do like farage and i have n't come across any legitimate criticism of him apart from the obvious straw man and ad hominem attacks , such as calling him a fascist , a racist , etc. . . 
  the opposition to ukip and farage seem to mainly focus on character assassination and trying to shut him up rather than taking the effort to tackle his ideas head on . 
  i personally favour an eu that remains a loosely bound confederacy with a common market where each of the member states fully controls their respective legal systems , economies , etc. , but where there is a confederate government which keeps an oversight just in case , for instance , a member-state violates human rights ( a role that is fulfilled by the echr ) . 
  i do n't think the eu should become a full federation , which is the obvious direction the eu is taking . 
  i also think that the eu has developed many anti-democratic and bully-boy traits , for example here in ireland where the eu rejected the irish `` no '' vote when we had referenda on the nice and lisbon treaties and pushed us to vote again a few months later , without really addressing the irish concerns properly . 
  lest we forget that ireland was the only country who allowed its people to vote on the lisbon treaty ( because the irish constitution mandates a referendum in order to change the constitution ) , and i 've no doubt how other countries would have voted if their respective governments had offered similar referenda . 
  eurocrats seem to only like democracy when it favour 's * their * agenda , which is a centralised europe-wide political union . 
  i can remember farage being one of the most vocal individuals in the european parliament defending the irish public 's decision back then , much to the disgrace of our own irish meps . 
   austrian school have nothing to do with libertarian movement lol . 
  if that 's the case , then why does the ludwig von mises institute have so much libertarian material on their website . 
   `` ludwig von mises institute '' damned lolbertarian , polluting / r/europe . 
   what kind of thighs should i know before i move or before i even seriously pursue this goal ? 
  well if it 's thighs you 're interested in ... 
  he said `` boutez les anglais '' though , so he really means give the boot to the english . 
  [ mu-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-haaaaaww . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykuob8mn4kc ), 
  yes . 
  `` celtic '' is also a dubious term . 
  it 's also silly because it 's been recently found through genetics that most people in england are descended from the native brittonic celts and that the angles , saxons and jutes did n't actually unleash a mass genocide on the native celtic population as was once thought . 
  the brittonic celts merely adopted anglo-saxon culture . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with the fact that ireland loved pope john paul ii . 
  does russell brand secretly like isis ? 
  ... bling ... 
  from all the reports i hear about the us these days they seem to be descending more and more into fascism . 
  mass surveillance , trumped up nationalism/patriotism , national exceptionalism , racial profiling , patriot act , extremely heavy handed police with guns , arming local police stations with military-grade weaponry , and now curfews and arresting journalists . 
  for them to call themselves the `` land of the free '' is the height of irony . 
  compared to the likes of russia or china , they 're not that bad , but they 're heading in that direction . 
   it is a really sexy design , but it might be too close to this . 
  yeah , it also look a bit too close to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_germany#mediaviewer/file:coat_of_arms_of_germany.svg ) . 
  clearly he was just a a far-right nazi white supremacist supporting the kyiv-nazis . 
  the trunks are not empty , eastern ukraine is just in desperate need of the most basic natural resource : air . 
  but the kyiv-nazis want to deny eastern ukraine this vital aid . 
  merkel should go all xena warrior princess on their ass . 
  well at least the austrians can breathe a sigh of relief that they did n't start ww3 . 
  still an invasion , the monarch did n't want him there , tried to fight him off but gave up . 
  creating a dramatic euphoric atmosphere is a good tactic for brainwashing the masses . 
   the last people to successfully do that were 3rd generation vikings in 1066 . 
  was n't statholder billy and the dutch the last successful invasion of britain ? 
   also , the last 3 times a unified europe went against the uk , europe lost . 
  because ` murica and the commies , neither will help you this time .
