  so you are only convinced that they are all savages because of a few isolated incidents ? 
  is n't this the very definition of ethnic cleansing ? 
   ethnic cleansing : the ** mass expulsion ** or killing of members of one ethnic or religious group in an area by those of another . 
  so , they 're readying to invade in the autumn , but there 's ambiguity over when they 'll invade . 
  the title is contradictory . 
  nothing more than clickbait . 
  the ale is without froth , the end is nigh . 
   obvious agenda is obvious . 
  --  / r/conspiracy, 
  i imagine their childhood was full of turmoil because of what their father was up to . 
  it 's probably nothing more than a public spectacle that he probably agreed to . 
  it 's unlikely that the daughter threw her father under the bus like that . 
  what 's concerning is that there are still 51 % normies , there 's still a long way to go . 
  fine gael are certainly not fascist or far right in any sense of the word in this day and age . 
  some of their members might hold questionable beliefs , but by far not the majority . 
  we do n't have any far-right/neo-nazi parties that have any degree of prominence . 
  the only far-right party i can think of is `` identity ireland '' who do n't have any more than 10 members and everyone laughs at . 
  sweden is the new weimar republic -- appears to be liberal and forward thinking on the outside , but deep down there 's an evil simmering under the surface that 's biding its time before it rises . 
  that evil is the swedish democrats . 
   immigration brings down the minimum wage and hurts the employee . 
  prove it . 
  also , i 'm not the one who called myself left-wing . 
  the nazis were only against big businesses run by jews . 
  if you look at how their economy functioned , it was very dependent on corporations which benefited from state support , this is the very definition of corporatism . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  the term `` socialist '' was just used at the end because it was a populist term at the time . 
  in practice , the nazis never implemented any socialist policies . 
  they were right-wing in every sense and economically they were corporatists like most fascists . 
   left-wing populism is arguably worse . 
  stalin , mao , hoxa , all the kims ? 
  but clearly my arguments are not populist and i have not advocated communism or socialism . 
   right-wing authoritarianism is good if you are in the ` in ' crowd . 
  and if you 're not in the ` in ' crowd you get send to the ovens , is it ? 
  could it truly be more horrifying that right-wing populists getting into power ? 
  neo-nazis and the like ? 
  they 're against eastern european immigration also for prejudicial reasons . 
  they think the likes of polish people are stupid , that they 're clannish and unfeeling and so on . 
  they 've also bought into the ridiculous notion that they 're `` taking their jobs '' which is nothing more than a lump of labour fallacy . 
  because the arguments against it do not really square up that well with reality , they are simply fearmongering and motivated by prejudicial sentiments . 
  at the end of the day , what these arguments come down to is white people not wanting to see their neighbourhood `` tainted '' by foreigners with brown or black skin . 
  it comes down to aesthetics and that 's about it . 
  yeah , well , 90 % of people do n't know what 's good for them . 
  in general , the majority of people have pretty racist sentiments , just because they represent the majority does n't mean they 're right . 
  ip banning users ? 
  moderators here do n't have access to ip addresses . 
  only admins have that kind of access . 
  regardless , i do n't see anyone calling for ethnic cleansing in this thread . 
  in soviet russia , such jokes mocking the motherland get you a lifetime in the gulag . 
  you can divide it up into more manageable pieces though . 
  hanging baskets on the wall filled with pansies . 
  it would be divine . 
  not yet . 
  babylon , the great harlot , has arrived , riding atop a dragon with seven heads . 
  libya should have been the first buffer zone , but then nato toppled gaddafi . 
  britain will indirectly take care of it for us , just like our national defense -- they 're like a buffer zone that keeps us free from continental excesses . 
  therefore , there is no need for political parties here to talk about it . 
   `` why young brits are rejecting old labels '' ...  `` a yougov poll this week put the number of 18 - to 24-year-old brits who identify as entirely heterosexual at 46 % '' so , young people in britain , as well as many western countries , have the mentality of narcissistic hipster tumblristas who parade around with niche labels to make themselves feel special ? 
  it really makes me shudder what society will look like under the control of the millennial generation in 20-30 years times . 
  `` pride goeth before destruction , and a haughty spirit before a fall . '', 
  the fact that this irrelevant little word is taken seriously while little is actually being done about the migrant crisis at calais speaks miles about the hubris of the political classes . 
  but of course , it 's all mudslinging and opportunism . 
  there , i can write in polish . 
  jesus , you can hear the bullets whizzing by the camera and there are guys just walking about like it 's nothing , one of them is even smiling ( between 6:00 and 6:10 ) . 
   `` this is n't an invasion , we just moved the border a little . 
  enough of this western propaganda . '', 
  the guardian ca n't be trusted regarding accurate descriptions of geopolitics west of holyhead . 
  ptolomy would have known more about irish geography than the guardian . 
  this article is full of meeja bias . 
  so , poit\u00edn is no longer illegal ? 
  thanks , eu ( on this one at least ) . 
  to be fair , the roman empire and the renaissance all originated in italy , that has to tell you something at least about their national stock . 
  and i wonder where they get these statistics from . 
  [ illuminati symbols everywhere !, 
  people drinking on boat floating on a piss-filled river . 
  `` rome is in ruins . '', 
  shows image of colosseum and roman forum . 
  so is christmas , a tradition that originated in the levant . 
  ah yes , the grauniad . 
  imagine if greece did exit though . 
  they could start getting friendly with russia . 
  orthodox kin , and all that jazz . 
  you might see some russian naval base pop up on some greek island close to the dardanelles , which would be a perfect strategic location for russia , right next to the entrance to the black sea -- `` russian financial aid in return for the lease of greek island to russian navy '' . 
  do n't mention the armouries in the basements of those pubs , whatever you do , or the tunnels connecting them either . 
   if you want to avoid further violence now , the best thing to do is eliminate all russian troops in ukraine , including crimea . 
  that would be the prelude to an even larger war and give russia the excuse it wants to launch a full scale invasion . 
  such a war would also likely involve other european countries . 
  why ? 
  so , more war and bloodshed ? 
  would n't it make more sense to focus resources entirely on strengthening defences along the rest of the border to ensure that no more incursions are made ? 
  one should never limit oneself and undercut one 's destiny . 
  size does n't matter . 
  please , have mercy on my eyes . 
  are they even thinking ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  most of those eurocrats live in a world of lofty ideals , not reality . 
  [ this seems to have been the case time after time ] ( http://www.rollingalpha.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/greek-gdp-projections-vs-actual.png ) . 
  what moisturiser does the finnish fm use ? 
  oh , i think i get this one . 
  it 's about the story of the trojan horse , right ? 
  dear everyone , loud noises .
