  us : `` russia unleashed a deadly strain of ebola to kill africans ! '', 
  christ , all the bodies just piled up on top of each other at the end . 
  looks dangerous . 
  let 's ban it . 
  it 'll be interesting to see the eu 's `` better together '' campaign if there 's a referendum on the uk leaving the eu . 
  long live dodgy citations !, 
  the bill the senate passed is not binding . 
  it has to be agreed upon by the irish government before it becomes binding . 
   why do the irish , in general , dislike england more than scotland ? 
  there are many cultural ties between ireland and scotland going back thousands of years . 
  we both regard ourselves as `` celtic '' and at one point both ireland and scotland even spoke gaelic ( which is still spoken in some little outposts in scotland ) . 
  ireland and scotland got along just fine until the reformation when presbyterianism/calvinism became more established in scotland , but there was still a sizeable catholic population in scotland , notably in scottish highlands and western isles ( and there still is to this day ) . 
  the scots who settled in northern ireland ( and later became witch-burning americans ) were mainly extremist puritans from lowland scotland/northern england and were n't really a true representation of the entire cross-section of scottish society . 
  the isle of man neglected its gaelic heritage and instead basically turned english . 
  the normans spoke french and they invaded ireland . 
  also thierry henry . 
  also the french have recently started to pester ireland about our low corporation tax , notably sarkozy . 
  it was back in the 1600s , but king billy still has political implications in ireland to this very day . 
  notably the orange order regard him as their messiah . 
  paper money ? 
  you mean barrels of oil , surely . 
  yeah , i mean it 's not like ireland had hundred of nuclear missiles targeting at uk cities or anything ... 
  something like this : http://i.imgur.com/298lye5.png, 
  iceland = volcanic ash troll , plus taking our fish , plus viking raids and capturing irish woman and enslaving them in iceland during the middle ages . 
  two places which the uk and ireland mutually hate are iceland and france , which we regularly use as scapegoats when reconciling our mutual differences . 
  yes , it 's called the people 's republic of cork . 
  what 's stopping these roma gypsies from improving their condition and developing the same standards as romanians ? 
  is the romanian government not engaging in social , educational and development programmes to improve the roma 's condition ? 
  it was never free to begin with , income tax paid for water infrastructure . 
  silly mantras like `` from the rivers to the sea , irish water will be free '' are designed to make your brain shut off . 
  right , a ukip voter , but not an actual ukip representative . 
  it 's kind of silly to judge whether or not you should vote for the party based on the opinions and debating skill of a single ukip voter . 
   so is communism in its general usage . 
  not as broad . 
  you could have a us-style presidential republic , you could have a socialist/people 's republic , you could have a parliamentary republic , you could have a fascist republic , etc. . republicanism transcends many different ideologies both on the right and on the left . 
  all it really means in modern day usage is `` no monarch '' . 
  `` communism '' is far more narrow in its terminology and is more specific , not merely as a way of organising the state ( or lack of ) and society but also as an economic ideology . 
  i 'd argue that so-called `` anarcho '' - communism would not manifest itself in real life to be greatly different from authoritarianism . 
  many `` anarchists '' acknowledge that political `` anarchism '' would not be without some form of central organisation and planning . 
  republicanism is a very broad term that can apply to many different things , you 're really comparing apples and oranges . 
  communism , and all its variants , are more specific . 
  right , and communism is practice is n't run by a totalitarian autocratic state ( and i 'm not talking about the theoretical stateless communism of marx ) . 
  democracy does n't and should never determine wealth distribution . 
  so , did they order a retreat of the other troops only to replace them with more cold-weather-hardened troops from siberia for the upcoming winter months ? 
  general winter tactic ? 
  the bible belt in the ( republic of ) ireland would be co. . mayo and the west of ireland in general . 
  there 's a shine in co. . mayo at knock where the virgin mary was supposed to have appeared , a bit like lourdes in france or f\u00e1tima in portugal . 
  northwest european archipelago ( nea ) . 
  it would 've been nice if they were in alphabetical order . 
  the amount of people age 25 or less * not working * would be higher because by the definition of `` unemployed '' someone still in education is not regarded as `` unemployed '' . 
  well , maybe opinion is more diverse on this subreddit now . 
  * `` brighton bombing was an inside job '' . 
  do n't worry , they 'll soon surrender . 
  halal eating surrender monkeys the lot of them . 
   for undergrad you get a maintenance grant , but not postgrad . 
  i just graduated and i 'm saving up to afford living while doing a postgrad for postgrad you can still apply via susi for a grant to pay some of your fees , it 's worth about ~ $ 2000 . 
  technically in ireland it 's entirely free if you 're dependent on your parents and you and your parents collectively earn less than ~ $ 30k a year ( because then you 're entitled to have the registration fees paid and you also get a maintenance grant ) . 
  huge immigration is a policy , it does n't require a solution , it requires an end goal . 
  that end goal is to mix around all the european nationalities until finally they bare little affinity for their country of origin . 
  this will allow european nationalism and identity to supersede the nationalism and identity of member-states , this will help to facilitate a european superstate . 
  this is about social engineering of an entire continent . 
  with most of things you mention here ( apart from italy ) , those countries have the power to cease transaction to less developed regions if they really wanted to . 
  countries who contributed to the bailouts could cease such transaction in the future if the people in those countries elected a government which was against contributing to bailout funds . 
  with the east and west germany scenario i do n't think there 's a case of lack of will , both regions wanted to be united . 
  none of this comparable to catalonia which really does n't have a choice whether or not it should use its resources to fund the rest of spain -- the spanish government even denies them the chance to even hold a democratic referendum . 
  it seems that most catalans do not have the will to maintain the current status quo . 
   without catalonia it would become a very poor country . 
  so you want spain to feed off catalonia 's resources against catalonia 's will ? 
  maybe you should find ways to improve the spanish economy instead of resorting to what is akin to parasitic imperialism . 
   the worst part though , is that real madrid and barcelona wo n't play in the same league . 
  : rolleyes :, 
  it 's odd that they did n't include the charles bridge in prague . 
  he is unnecessarily verbose , i do n't know why he does n't feature more often on / r/iamverysmart . 
  take this video where he describes fame , when you deconstruct what he 's saying you realise that he 's just talking shite : http://youtu.be/f76lv62tnb0?t=6m45s he probably uses his spare time to constructs long verbose multi-purpose sentences using a thesaurus , memorises them and then spits them out when he 's in interviews to make himself look smart . 
   dublin does n't have a single beer pipeline , though . 
  sooooooooooon !!, 
  we will be smoking $ 500 banknotes from a penthouse suite on top of the burj dublin . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're overestimating the average american 's geographical knowledge here . 
  is no invasion , is peaceful border realignment , perfectly normal . 
  does n't he like spend his spare time reading a thesaurus to make himself appear smart ? 
  that and just a plain attention seeking narcissist who thinks his opinion matters ; a bit like most people on the internet actually . 
  james joyce 's love letters to his fianc\u00e9e . 
  if they 're not compiled into a book they should be . 
  literary genius so he was . 
  * michael collins * , * the wind that shakes the barley * , * angela 's ashes * , * the butcher boy * . 
   lot 's of films were part filmed in ireland to various degrees that we would n't consider irish . 
  you could include game of thrones there , seen as it was filmed in ireland and the got world map has ireland upside-down in it , though got is not a film . 
  ireland can into economy revival celtic tiger 2.0 beta . 
  roi : jack ni : jack scotland : jack, 
  you could sent breivik off to syria or iraq to fight a lone crusade against isis , he 'd probably go and all . 
  that way he might actually get the death sentence he deserves . 
  do n't you have laws against hate speech in norway ? 
  why should there be one law for proponents of isis ( which is a hate group ) and another law for everyone else ? 
  you would n't allow neo-nazis and fascists to go around oslo flying neo-nazi and fascist symbols , would you ? 
  so , why would you allow isis proponents to fly isis symbols around oslo ? 
  `` meet daffyd , he 's the ooonly ` yes ' vootar in the villaage . '', 
  oh , come on , they left out a fada , big deal . 
  many people do n't know how to type an accent on a keyboard , especially brits and americans because you rarely ever get them in the english language . 
  ( alt gr + a , e , i , o or u , for those interested ) . 
  16 year old are more impressionable and * on average * would be less capable of making a reasonable decision compared to an 18/19 year old .
