the rubble . 
  the russians will probably invade latvia now in an effort to free the russian minority for the homosex tyrant . 
  where are the best absinthe bars ? 
  innuendo , much . 
  there was an incident about a year or two ago where a job advert was placed on some australian website telling irish not to apply , it turned out that the person who placed the advert was irish himself . 
  irish getting drunk and getting into trouble abroad * is * actually a problem , it 's not some delusion some bigots conjured up in their heads . 
  it 's been a problem especially lately with irish students going on working visas during summer months . 
  the behaviour would n't be tolerated in ireland , it 's just that these students get some freedom from their mammies for a few months and go wild . 
  you 're on an ipad now ( or some other apple product ) , am i right ? 
  in the uk or ireland , if you publicly scorn instant coffee , you 're regarded as a posh hipster wanker . 
  is n't having porcelain white skin sort of a fad in east asia , like the way europeans love to go out and get a tan at the beach . 
  a coalition break up and general election at this point in time would be far from ideal . 
  it would mean that sinn f\u00e9in ( who 're highest in the polls at the minute ) would be the largest party and if they got in they would literally ruin the country ( their leadership is composed of uneducated former terrorists ) and they 'd probably stir shite in northern ireland again . 
  more time is needed before the next election . 
  how do british catholics feel about this ? 
  there are 4.2 million catholics across england and wales . 
  also , imagine if the target where any other faith , say judaism or islam . 
  well , you know , burning catholic effigies on large bonfires in front of cheering spectators and going around with signs saying `` no popery '' . 
  it just shows pictures of gravestones . 
  there 's a subreddit for everything . 
  it 's even more shameful considering the host 's surname `` kernen '' is derived from an irish surname , and he does n't know much about the homeland of his ancestors . 
  if he has a degree in molecular biology , then he knows stuff about molecular biology , not geography , geopolitics , economics , etc. . . 
  if you were in the uk and you typed that , then you 'd expect police to come around and knock on your door . 
  apparently some guy was arrested a few weeks ago because he said `` fuck off '' to the queen on twitter . 
  is n't it true that when louis xvi was presented the first prototype model for the guillotine that he suggested an alteration for the blade to improve its slicing power , i.e. 
  having a slanted blade instead of a curved blade . 
  so , in other words , he helped to design the instrument that killed him . 
  wheelbarrows are pretty efficient actually , they do n't require petrol and have low co2 output so exempt from carbon tax . 
  the cta was in existence before the eu was in existence and there is no reason why it would n't exist after the uk leaves the eu . 
  the french royal anthem is pretty epic though : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ypv9v3u7w, 
  we 're not talking about the bad things the progenitors of irish political parties did 90 years ago , we 're talking about things that happened quite recently . 
  the people who 're in charge of sinn f\u00e9in now are the same people who were heavily involved in the troubles and the pira . 
  sinn f\u00e9in did help with the gfa , but they were involved in controversial things afterwards , such as that pira kangaroo court in 2000 for that woman that was raped and other women that were raped . 
  there 's also the northern bank robbery in 2004 which the pira were involved in . 
  [ and they said polan can not into space . 
  why did they put her in the bin ? 
  re-unification at this point in time will lead to a civil war with the unionist/loyalist population in northern ireland , it would be far worse than the troubles . 
  i 'm worried about sinn f\u00e9in getting into power in the republic because they could try and stir the shite with regard to northern ireland and get loyalists riled up all over again . 
  in northern ireland , they 're in power with the dup and so they 've had to compromise a great deal , but if they get into power in the republic it may be a different story . 
  but you have to remember that sinn f\u00e9in are a fundamentally nationalist party , regardless of the fact that they 're far left economically , and nationalist parties from all around europe are on the rise . 
  many sinn f\u00e9in grass-roots supporters are indistinguishable in their sentiments when compared with other european nationalist movements , even when such sentiments contradict official party policy ( e.g. 
  sentiments towards immigrants , etc. ) . 
  i 've encounter loads of sinn f\u00e9in supporters who love to give out about immigrants . 
  i entirely agree . 
  the rise of sinn f\u00e9in in the republic is one of the greatest political threats in ireland for many years . 
  i 'm sure some of the shinnerbots around here will disagree . 
  all this is going is make russian propaganda look true , `` nazis from the west coming to attack mother russia '' . 
   because neo-nazi 's are n't concerned with commiting terrorist attacks on innocent civilians anders behring breivik . 
  a stickied thread is a thread on reddit where the title of the thread is highlighted bold in green and stuck to the very top of a subreddit . 
   but that does n't matter it does matter , you would n't exist if your great grandfather was n't from austria , you would n't exist if it were n't for an immigrant . 
  maybe other european countries should get involved ( be it covertly ) to help to train and arm ukrainians and also to offer the use of foreign professional soldiers from their armies , but wearing ukrainians uniform . 
  this would reduce the reliability on this neo-nazi battalion . 
  they have , but the existence of this neo-nazi battalion , and the fact that it 's so popular , could make people think that that russian propaganda had a degree of credibility behind it . 
  do n't you think that promoting a neo-nazi group in this way could help the russians propaganda-wise ? 
   they are advertising themselves to recruit people who are already neo-nazis , already in ukraine , to show them where to come to join . 
  well , is n't that a fantastic resource . 
  hmm , i seemed to have pushed some buttons with you , that 's why you 're bringing up northern ireland and the ira , saying that they were engaged in child 's play , because you think that little jab is going to push my buttons too , well it 's not , sorry nice try , i 'm not emotional invested in the ira . 
  the fact that this neo-nazi battalion is fighting with bravery is of no conciliations considering what they see themselves fighting for . 
  if they 're fighting purely to defend ukraine , then why associate themselves with nazi ideology , maybe it 's because they also see themselves also fighting for national socialism , especially the neo-nazi mercenaries who join their ranks from elsewhere in europe . 
  nationalists , of all persuasions , wherever they are from , are irrational . 
  nationalism in itself is inherently irrational . 
  nationalism is something that failures invest themselves in when they having nothing to their name but their association by blood with whatever country they come from . 
  nationalists acts like parasites , living off and deriving their self-worth from the legacy of other individuals whom they just so happen share a similar genetic lineage . 
  the promotion of this ideology anywhere , especially its extreme forms , is a recipe for disaster . 
  before you invest such esteem in this neo-nazi battalion , then maybe it would be wise to think about the effects that such a battalion will have on the future of ukraine when this war is offer . 
  never sell your soul to the devil for short term gains . 
  no , you should never sell your soul to the devil . 
  yep , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azov_battalion they recruit non-ukrainian fighters from elsewhere in europe , including western europe . 
  if we are so concerned about people getting recruiting from the west into groups like isis , we should also be concerned about people getting recruiting into neo-nazi fighting battalions . 
  we 're concerned about isis fighters getting back into europe , we should be equally concerned about these people . 
   but if the neo-nazi brigade was not there the neo-nazis would not be there either , or am i reading it wrong ? 
  what i 'm saying is there is no real need to promote and advertise recruiting for neo-nazi brigade when there are probably brigades out there with no ideological leanings that would probably attract more volunteers ( because i ca n't image a huge amount of people would want to associate themselves with neo-nazis ) . 
   it is better to havea neo-nazi brigade than no brigade . 
  i do n't see how there would be `` no brigade '' if that neo-nazi brigade was n't there . 
  if anything , a brigade without such ideological leanings would attract more volunteers , so would n't it be more logical to promote and advertise brigades without these ideological positions . 
   do you really think that the ukranians are going to turn down some guys because they believe in a questionable ideology ? 
  i do n't see why they would want to advertise and promote * this particular brigade * . 
  there has to be some other brigades that they can promote to get volunteers to join , not that one . 
  do n't you think that when some eastern ukrainians who are on the fence and do n't know whether to be pro-ukraine or pro-russia see such a neo-nazi brigade fighting for ukraine that that would motivate them to become pro-russian ? 
  also , if you only promote such brigades , you 're going to have some serious problems to contend with in the future . 
  you 'll have a pack of neo-nazis armed to the teeth after the war who might feel betrayed by when their government turns their back on them . 
  but a neo-nazi brigade ? 
  why not advertise some other volunteer brigade , one with less ideologically questionable persuasions ? 
  i actually went over to the / r/ukraina subreddit a few weeks ago ( it seems to be the main ukrainian language subreddit , do n't speak a word , used google translate to make sense of it ) , but the mods seemed to have stickied a thread there from some guy advertising to hire recruits from some volunteer brigade/unit to fight in eastern ukraine . 
  also , in the comments section of that stickied thread , the op posted photographs of the unit 's badges and they had nazi emblems on them , namely the `` wolfsangel '' symbol superimposed on a ukrainian colours and there was also a `` black sun '' symbol in the background . 
  there seemed to have been some non-ukrainian people from other parts of europe who were interested in joining this unit . 
  i do n't understand why the mods of that subreddit were willing to advertise what seemingly was a guy recruiting from a neo-nazi brigade , it 's quite concerning to be honest . 
  maybe i 'm getting the wrong impression here , google translate is n't an accurate way of translating , but those symbols for that unit that was being advertised are clearly neo-nazi . 
  i do n't have the thread link anymore , it does n't seem to be stickied there now , i 'm sure if you look through the / r/ukraina subreddit you 'll be able to find it , but the photograph i say had a badge that looked a bit like [ this ] ( http://www.mysl-polska.pl/gif/azow%201.jpg ) . 
  i do n't think that the impressions that we are getting in the news in western europe about what 's going on in ukraine are 100 % clear and that there 's obviously more to the story . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azov_battalion ) a wiki page about the paramilitary detachment that was being advertised . 
  from battlestar galactica season 1 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc8phiav9v8 d\u00falam\u00e1n - an\u00fana : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6srnv6w0re, 
  but why did they think it was a good idea to serve the cheese with the maggots still inside ? 
  that has to be the most disgusting thing ever . 
  i mean , how did people ever come up with the idea that cheese filled with maggots would be a good idea for a food . 
  it reeks of the most extreme paranoia that he believes , or purports to believe , that the us is directing every bit of the eu 's policy with regard to non-eu member-states like ukraine . 
  he thinks that eu expansion into eastern europe is american/western imperialism and that eu member-states are american satellite-states , he ca n't fathom the notion that eu member-states voluntarily joined the eu . 
  the us does n't need to be brought into the equation . 
  easy singles . 
  russia : `` the us unleashed hiv/aids to kill africans ! '',
