  i dislike the fact that novel social issues that do n't affect that many people , e.g. 
  marriage equality , abortion , etc. , get more attention in the media ( especially social media ) than their realistic impact on society at large . 
  this greatly aids politicians from either the opposition or the government who wish ( for whatever reason ) to sidetrack discussion about more pressing matters . 
  it seems that discussion these days is getting less and less focused on pragmatic issues . 
   direct democracy never go full plebeian , you might have some very undesired outcomes . 
  popular decisions can sometimes be the worst decisions . 
  the public are kept out of the decision making process of some issues for a very good reason . 
  but often that too can have an undesired effect . 
  the solution is not for there to be more democracy or the opposite , more authority , the solution is for there to be less public/state jurisdiction many some areas . 
  you bore me . 
  hmm , yes , but if you had an index of `` quality beer consumption '' , then i 'm sure ireland would be on top . 
  i do n't hate it , i 'm merely saying it 's impractical in this day and age . 
  kevin myers is my hero and you 're mean . 
  grilled cheese on toast with ham , tomato , a little bit of mustard and a sprinkle of salt . 
  otherwise known as the `` hangover delux '' . 
  would it be more to do with russian nationalism/jingoism though orthodox christianity ? 
  most ukrainians are orthodox , but that does n't stop russia from being belligerent towards ukraine . 
  waste of resources , irrational nationalism . 
  i think the only convincing argument i 've heard which might justify it , and this would be especially applicable for gaeilscoileanna , is that apparently people act/think more rationally when they 're speaking their second language ( because they have to put more thought into what they say ) . 
  so in other words , it might be good to teach children via their second language ( irish ) to make them think harder . 
  but that 's probably a bullshit theory though . 
  and the manx language . 
  irish , scot-gaelic and manx evolved from the same language back in medieval times - old/middle irish . 
  i think this explains it pretty well :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhf-ze4rnfk ( in the above video mep liadh n\u00ed riada states that she 's going on strike and wo n't speak english because she wants irish translation services in the european parliament , as well as all pieces of european legislation , to be translated into irish ) in other words , no-one cares except for the militant gaeilg\u00f3ir\u00ed ( irish speakers ) , ivory tower academics and idealistic nationalists who envisage a day when the irish language will somehow be the dominant spoken language again in ireland . 
  i myself went to an irish-speaking primary and secondary school ( a `` gaelscoil '' ) and i 'm more or less fluent but i 've been out of practice for a number of years now , which is reflective of the fact that it is n't of much use in a practical sense . 
  day-to-day , the only time the majority of people encounter irish is through public street signs , where the sign is written in english and the irish translation written above or below in italics , or during announcements on public transport , which are read in english and irish . 
  the only reason they 're translated into english and irish is to `` keep alive '' the spirit of the gaelic-revival , and to please gaeilg\u00f3ir\u00ed who 'll kick up a fuss , even though all gaeilg\u00f3ir\u00ed in the country are fluent in english . 
  also , all pieces of legislation in ireland , as well as most official announcements , advertisements and pamphlets , are translated into english and irish for the same reason . 
  also , you mention scot-gaelic , it 's not really `` native '' to scotland . 
  gaelic came to scotland after an irish invasion of western scotland during the middle ages ( see [ d\u00e1l riada ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%a1l_riata ) ) . 
  gaelic is about as native to scotland as english is to ireland . 
   i kill if i want to . 
  if you 're not ukip , then you must be a pro-russian shill . 
  according to that logic , the american revolutionary war was not an american military victory . 
  [ shots fired ], 
   you 're not under the impression that that was in any way a military victory are you ? 
  it was and it was n't , there was a bit of compromise on both sides . 
  the fighting in ireland forced the british government to seriously reconsider home rule as laid out in the 1920 government of ireland act , which only made southern ireland an autonomous region like northern ireland inside the uk . 
  the fighting eventually lead to negotiations , the product of which made southern ireland a commonwealth dominion ( irish free state ) like canada or australia . 
  maybe ukraine is n't in a position at the moment to be so selective about their appointments so they 're hiring him based on his experience alone ? 
  i 'm guessing they wo n't be using this guy for the 2016 centennial celebrations . 
  should he have said `` garda on\u00f3ra , iompraigh airm . 
   it 's stuck in a space-time loop between the years 1991 to 1997 . 
  that explains the everlasting father ted re-runs . 
  yes after coming from easter mass . 
  so , used eggshells filled with nutella ... 
  so much mention of chocolate eggs and easter bunnies , but no mention of the risen lord , his sacrifice on the cross 1,982 years ago and the centre of our brotherly christian faith , which lay the foundations over the centuries for a unified europe long before the eu existed ... of course with the odd holy war here and there , but still . 
  black holes !, 
  black holes everywhere !, 
  he should n't have broadcast his name to the newspapers if he wants to get back to nigeria . 
   bisi alimi , 40 , was diagnosed with hiv in 2004 but was unable to access treatment in nigeria for fear of being revealed to be a homosexual . 
  when he was outed in 2007 he came to the uk . 
  right , so it 's offensive because it 's true ? 
  i 'm no expert on chinese languages , but apparently while people from various parts of china might n't be able to understand each other when speaking with each other in person ( different dialects , etc ) , they still understand each other via their writing system which is based on logograms as opposed to a phonetic alphabet . 
  therefore , you can imagine that there was n't a need to place such an emphasis on regional translation of , for example , legislation , orders from leaders , etc. . . 
  yes , but for 2000 year china has been unified based on a system of confucian authoritarian philosophy . 
  in comparison , europeans are much more individualistic . 
  which would n't make it so much a federation but a confederation , where the states possess a large degree of individual autonomy . 
  and with regard to economic issues , i do n't think that europe is yet at a stage where it can have a unified economic policy because different parts of europe are at different stages of economic development , so things like tax harmonisation are things that i do n't think will work either . 
  but c'mon , i mean , in comparison to europe ... 
  every nation in europe is too culturally unique in order to form a single country . 
  europe is n't like the us where everyone speaks the same language and have more or less the same culture everywhere , that 's why federation has worked so well there . 
  it 's not like that in europe , not by a long shot . 
  a confederation , or a structure similar to the eu 's present structure , is the most that could ever work . 
  ferrero rocher , the first meme . 
  [ this movie seems to be as relevant now as it was in the 80s . 
  and they 're probably all related too . 
  why the fuck did he want to set fire to the flag hanging up against a wooden door ?!, 
  did he want to burn the house down ? 
  is n't the eurofighter more designed for air-to-air combat though ? 
  i wonder if english to non-english speakers sounds a bit like what dutch sounds like to english speakers . 
  again . 
  it 's getting boring at this stage . 
  it 's an italian car , sure , but that does n't mean it 's psychically owned by the italian nation ; `` italian '' is n't a statement of ownership , it 's just a description of its origins . 
  it 's the same with guinness here in ireland , it 's the go-to stereotypical irish beer , anytime tourists think of things that are irish one of the first things they think of is guinness , but it does n't belong to the irish nation ( no matter how much people want to think so ) it 's owned by the guinness family . 
  i would n't regard it as `` stealing '' if it decided to move its breweries to somewhere in the uk if the uk lowered it corporation tax lower than ours . 
  i still think that it 's still fallacious way of looking at it . 
  your contention depends on whether or not companies that come here are really * owned * by their country of origin ( i.e. 
  the government or people in their country of origin ) . 
  it 's plain nationalistic jealousy and indicative of a sense of entitlement to think that you have any share or psychic ownership of a company simply because it comes from the same country as you do . 
  unless it 's a state-owned company then it is the private owners of the company that truly own it and if they voluntarily decide to set up in another country because of that country 's competitive business environment then that 's far from theft on the part of that country . 
  in before the slippery slope . 
  they should have just gotten a real french person to do it . 
  in half-an-hour , by the way . 
  `` steal money '' lol . 
  it 's like saying when go window shopping and seeing different prices in different shops that the shops which charge the lowest prices are `` stealing '' from the other shops . 
  a country should have to right to set its own tax rates and monetary and budgetary policy . 
  if other country complain then instead of being so jealous they should take measures to make their own economie more competitive instead of trying to use bully tactics . 
  yay !, 
  now smaller countries with less developed economies wo n't be able to compete against larger countries . 
  thanks eu !, 
  * it 's not good for your health staying in the bathtub bemoaning the former empire all day . 
  that rubber duck is not a navy . 
  you need to get out and get some fresh air . 
  it just puts into perspective how fucking huge the british empire was , and australia was just a small part of it . 
  i must say , the people who scaled the face of the ecb building to put up that sign were quite impressive . 
   holy fuck the nazi forums are leaking again . 
  maybe hitler was right ... ... about autobahns . 
  yes , wonderful autobahns catering for people travelling easily between cities . 
  wonderful idea .
