  abusive language is a form of violence . 
  the op is encouraging this by using the word `` peaceful '' to make it look like what 's going on in the video is okay . 
  this thread should be removed ( 1 ) for promoting hate speech , ( 2 ) for title editorialization , a more appropriate title as per the video title according to google translate would be `` protest/manifestation against refugees '' and ( 3 ) for very clear agenda pushing . 
  is n't this jewish folk music , i.e. 
  not roma folk music . 
  ** northwest european archipelago ( nea/nwea ) ** why ca n't this term be used ? 
  it 's politically neutral . 
   the british isles i 'm triggered . 
  which means helping to fight isis . 
  the distribution of l2a2 in the uk is actually quite interesting . 
  it looks like it fits the migration and settlement patterns of ulster-scots , who originated from lowland scotland , almost perfectly . 
  impressive , but there is room for improvement . 
  [ star of the county down . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzn2g60bma0 ) [ fields of athenry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzaemcfnbt4 ) [ the auld triangle . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgttcf4v0ks ) [ foggy dew . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y-s9ailp7q ) [ she moved through the fair . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1yxhzpcmaq ), 
  koka noodle sandwich : get koka noodle , put in hot water , wait 4 minutes , put noodles in white bread . 
  done . 
  no scoby-speak loike . 
  polan can not into comedy . 
  you could offer a link to the video in question or a screenshot of the comments . 
  most of these people are just plain trolls , you seem to get a lot of them on youtube . 
  is that ceausescu 's former palace ? 
  i never specifically said anything about germany . 
   also he has a really loud tongue serpents usually do . 
  then instead of replenishing their population with immigrants from a culture that in no way matches theirs ( and therefore less likely to have the same degree of duty , respect and connection to the native elder generation ) , they should introduce massive incentive programmes to encourage the native population to have more children . 
  perhaps large financial incentives for married couples to have 3 + children . 
   we have no obligation to `` fix '' the civil war , but it 's patently untrue that we do n't have an obligation to the refugees that come here . 
  that 's a very strong incentive . 
  the west has an obligation in part because it helped to destabilize the region in the first place with the invasion of iraq . 
  if iraq was never invaded , isis would have never existed . 
  the civil war in syria can be fixed by a large nato invasion of both syria and iraq . 
  all resistance would be annihilated within 6 months - depending on how large the commitment is . 
  in syria , get rid of both isis and al assad . 
  iraq ought to be partitioned into different countries along ethnic or religious lines to prevent in-fighting for dominance . 
  also , a long term presence would be needed in the region for at least 20 years to maintain stability . 
  the 2003 invasion should never have happened , but it did happen and now people need to deal with the consequences . 
  yes , i know . 
  why are they the loudest currently ? 
  muh , it sounds the same . 
  i read the article , i do n't understand why an eu army is needed to solve this problem . 
  what countries actually want to integrate their militaries and why is military integration needed ? 
  nato works just fine , even during more tense and dangerous times like during the cold war . 
  an eu army is just totally unnecessary for actual defence . 
  seeing ? 
  you did n't spend anything , you lent out , and you 'll get that money back with lots of nice interest . 
  there 's a reason the american military chose the beretta over the glock ... it 's better . 
  ghost estates . 
   do the germans feel untouchable now ? 
  third time lucky ? 
  well done merkel , by dictating such terms , germany is basically decreasing the likelihood that britain will firstly seek a renegotiation and secondly making it more likely that the british public will want to leave the eu . 
  and why is it that increasingly germany seems to be dictating all these terms ? 
  there are 28 member-states in the eu and germany is only one of them . 
  all eu member-states should have an equal say in the renegotiation of the eu 's relationship with britain . 
  do you honestly think that british pride has diminished so much that they 'd want to remain in a union where there is an unequal delegation of power between the member-states and where there is a constant power struggle with germany ? 
  besides , the notion of an eu army is something that many member-states find hard to palette , especially those countries who would rather maintain their neutrality , especially on military issues . 
  i think that whenever the german public vote merkel out , the better . 
  how did `` k\u02b7etw\u00f3res '' to develop into the greek `` tesseris '' , that seems like a big jump ? 
  cameron is basically jubilant right now because he 's just found that he has won the next uk general election . 
  junckerese is even difficult to decipher when written down . 
  this . 
  waaaaaaarrrrrrrr !, 
  damn christian tradition , bring back odinism . 
  the twist is that you 're implying that i suggested that germany already controls europe , which i did n't . 
  people are just as much scornful towards those who * try * to control them . 
  you 're very good at twisting people 's words . 
  historically speaking , generally the controlled are scornful towards the controller . 
  it 's not about destroying europe rather than it is about controlling europe . 
  [ it 's also the most generic anthem ever , hypothesised to have been composed by beethoven as a parody of ideology . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm9ers90gte ), 
  scat makes one feel empowered ? 
  of course they 're a feminist band , but what about that sexual objectification of the female buttocks at the beginning , surely that does n't conform with feminist dogma ? 
  grand arm\u00e9e 2.0 invade russia properly this time . 
  then the best way to solve the problem is for nato to get together , fuck what russia thinks , and invade syria and iraq , troops on the ground , and then eliminate isis . 
  this might help to ease the numbers leaving that part of the world because they wo n't be fleeing from isis any more . 
  i think that it 's abundantly clear now that the us-led coalition left iraq way too early and is one of the reasons for the rise of isis . 
  it was wrong to invade initially in 2003 , but once they were in they should have remained committed and helped to keep the country stable for a longer amount of time . 
  why is being anti-eu necessarily `` hardcore right wing '' ? 
  most eurosceptic groups in ireland are left-wing . 
  for example , sinn f\u00e9in and ula are quite eurosceptic , at least way more so compared to right-wing parties like fine gael or fianna f\u00e1il . 
  people in ireland generally have a similar view of the eu as the average person in the uk . 
  the whole notion of even being a `` european '' is quite new here . 
  europe is still viewed as something separate , like for instance you hear people say `` over in europe '' when referring to the eu . 
  we have a similar distinct island mindset as people in the uk . 
  actually , the number one nationality among immigrants in ireland is now polish with uk second . 
  that was n't his contention . 
  so opening the flood gates will make things better ? 
  well , this is what happens when you vote tory , do n't be surprised when they start to embrace fascism . 
  you can argue about ideology and `` teachings '' all you want , but when putting it into application off paper , most of the views of the far-left , especially marxism-leninism , are totally unachievable and maintained without the formation of some sort of totalitarian state or manifestation of something like a state . 
  they have a very simplistic view of human nature and how it works , despite their good intentions . 
  so , if a human spreads his/her hands out i 'm going to assume the span is 1.5 meters . 
  so , 600 km = 600,000 meters , 600,000 / 1.5 = 400,000 people . 
  iraq should never have been invaded in 2003 as it destabilized the region massively , primarily because the saddam dictatorship was able to maintain stability and forcibly stop the various national factions from fighting each other . 
  when iraq was invaded , it should have been split into 3 countries , the shia area , the kurdish area and the sunni area . 
  that way there would not have been as much conflict as those actors would not have fought each other for dominance inside the iraqi state . 
  how many of these people are actually fleeing from isis in syria or iraq ? 
  and if most of them are from these areas , maybe it 's about time that nato invades syria and iraq to get ride of isis , bringing stability to the region , so these people can go back home . 
  what does '' / s '' mean to you ? 
  eh , i gave its dictionary definition .
