  marriage is no longer meant to `` encourage breeding '' . 
  i think the op means `` to foster a model of child rearing based on the traditional nuclear family '' and not just plain old `` breeding '' . 
  a teddy bear , but with an intact head . 
  it probably is , but it would probably be a good option to switch the mattress savings to someone that might have a greater chance of keeping its value . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  now is a really really good time for ordinary greeks to switch their money to precious metals or put their money in more stable currency . 
  especially if there 's a switch to a new drachma which would immediately experience heavy inflation upon its creation . 
  you need to be able to weather the storm that is coming . 
   break with capitalism it worked well for venezuela , why would n't it work well for greece ? 
  greece has faced worse calamities over its 3,000 year history . 
  `` and later , a special report on a study revealing that the pope is actually catholic . '', 
  the us has a demographic which is prominently european in origin . 
  does this mean that the us should be part of europe ? 
  my brain is n't designed for this . 
   ethnicity is notoriously difficult to pin down ... at a biological level it basically does not exist ( ** every human can breed with other human ** ) so can different dog breeds . 
  anyway , some external physical characteristics do play a role in determining ethnicity . 
   what makes an ethnicity - language , religious beliefs , a `` look '' , an attitude ? 
  travellers unanimously speak english and are unanimously catholic . 
  the only thing you can identify them with is their accent , but , as i said , a different accent really is n't a determining factor for a different ethnicity . 
  and i do n't know what you mean by `` a look '' , and `` attitude '' is nearly impossible to pin down with any accuracy , these are just stereotypes . 
  just because someone has a different accent does n't mean they should be recognised as a separate ethnicity . 
  every county in ireland has its own distinct accent , it does n't mean that people from different counties in ireland should be recognised as separate ethnicities . 
  the traveller accent is like a blend of different accents from around the country , which you 'd except give the nature of their travelling lifestyle . 
   as icelanders are from norwegians modern icelanders have mixed heritage , they mixed with british and irish slaves . 
  so naturally they 're more distinct from norwegians . 
  irish travellers do not have such a mixed heritage . 
  i imagine a better comparison would be them being as genetically distinct from the settled community as irish people native to galway would be from irish people native to dublin . 
  it 's still not an excuse for them to be recognised as a separate ethnicity . 
   how did the lifestyle emerge ? 
  i 'm not 100 % sure how it emerged , but i imagine it has something to do with groups of irish people being made itinerant and then grouping together to form little insular itinerant communities which then travelled around from town to town begging and doing odd jobs . 
  in ireland , they 're known as `` tinkers '' , literally because they were known for being accomplished tinsmiths . 
  when these trades died out , they got involved in crime and general nuisance behaviour . 
   i just do n't understand how the nomadic idea became so entangled with irishness . 
  well , it has n't really . 
  there 's nothing necessarily irish about a nomadic lifestyle , but irish travellers are still irish regardless because they 're irish by blood and their particular way of life and customs evolved in ireland . 
  these irish travellers are campaigning to be recognised as a separate ethnicity/race distinct from other irish people , which is nonsense . 
  it 's like trying to say that just because you choose live in a caravan , rather than building with four walls firmly attached to the ground , that you should be recognised as a separate ethnicity/race . 
  these people are simply the lower end of the bell curve of the irish population , they 're simply trailer trash trying to rationalise their lifestyle and behaviour under the guise of `` culture '' . 
  do you think that a large influx of christians , atheists or socially liberal western people would be a threat to you culture ? 
   did he say eussr ? 
  lol is he a conspiratard ? 
  it 's a jab , its not intended to be a factual statement . 
   i like this method of trying to hide who 's side he is on and pretending he is balanced . 
  implying that he 's in favour of the russian annexation ? 
  no , he 's just commenting on the eu 's hypocrisy , questioning its moral authority and that it 's not the institution that should really be criticizing russia for its actions . 
  rather , if there is any criticism of russia from the eu , it should be from individual eu member states which do not have a recent track record of such actions . 
  if these moderators were just ordinary posters on this subreddit , and a leak came out that moderators were trying to limit or cut down the amount of `` left-wing '' posters , i have no doubt that these same people would have no problem throwing around words like `` censorship '' and `` mccarthyism '' . 
  but when the tables are turned , they are okay with it . 
  for them to throw around words like `` nazi '' or `` fascist '' in relation to general right-wing views is like saying you 're a communist just because you have some general progressive left-wing views . 
  and even then , terms like `` right-wing '' and `` left-wing '' are so vague . 
  why ca n't the moderators just be neutral on politics and only ban completely obvious racism and such , illicit material , spam or obvious abuse/bullying/harassment . 
  in other words , the bare minimum . 
  this subreddit seems to be reaching the end of its natural life cycle : first it start off as an open minded community where people can say nearly anything they like . 
  then the busybody control freaks come in . 
  these busybodies complain constantly , eventually getting involved in subreddit politics and making their way up as moderators . 
  then they surround themselves with similar minded people on the moderator team , taking on moderators with similar views as them , and they then proceed to shit on the entire subreddit , crafting content to fit their own personal beliefs until eventually the subreddit becomes a vapid echo chamber . 
  such drama typically does n't go unnoticed . 
  other moderators leave or come into conflict with other moderators , either because they 're pissed off with other moderators ' behaviour or because of the inevitable clash of personalities which you would expect if you put too many egomaniac control freaks into the same room as each other . 
  while this is happening , the drama becomes public and normal users get pissed off with the drama and leave and eventually the subreddit dies and submissions decline . 
  then you have exodus subreddits like / r/european crop up , filled with people who believe they were wronged by / r/europe or because they were banned because they differed ideologically with / r/europe moderators . 
  and what happens to these people ? 
  well , if they were still in / r/europe , their ideas would be thrashed out , as they are now on / r/european , but the difference is they would have real opposition that would comment in their threads and provide proper discussion and debate . 
  in the absence of this , subreddits like / r/european just become more ideologically extreme because there is no opposition , which would otherwise encourage introspection and self-criticism and would in turn encourage more moderate views . 
  well , there was the whole arms crisis involving some cabinet ministers ( including charles haughey ) in the 70s . 
  they were n't found guilty , but one wonders , especially considering the fact that they were fired from their positions and were n't reinstated after being found not guilty . 
  i think there 's still a good deal to be revealed about both the british and irish states ' involvement in the troubles . 
  there was some collusion between some members of the garda\u00ed and the ira . 
  some british security agencies were also supposed to have had some involvement in the dublin and monaghan bombings in 1974 , no-one has ever been prosecuted for that yet . 
  it was dirty war and both the british state and indeed the irish state ( for example , garda collusion and also the 1970 arms crisis ) had some illicit dealings in northern ireland , almost using the northern ireland troubles like a small proxy war . 
  ireland , ireland , antarctica . 
  god is consistently referred to with male pronouns in the bible , as well as being referred to as `` father '' , not `` mother '' . 
  if parishioners believe that the bible was written via divine inspiration , then you ca n't just expect them to accept this new theology and the rewriting of the bible by humans before their very eyes . 
  ireland was a patchwork of many different kingdoms . 
  the office of high king/ard r\u00ed was only really like a figure head and did n't really have any power at all . 
  thierry henry . 
  never forget . 
  is it a coincidence that they sent them to an airbase with that particular name ? 
  `` what do we want ? '', 
  `` travel directions ! '', 
  `` when do we want them ? '', 
  `` now ! '', 
  nutella is nice . 
  it seems to be because in europe , nationality and national identity are more intricately connected with ethnicity , e.g. 
  there 's a swedish ethnicity , but there is no single canadian or american ethnicity . 
  therefore nationalism in many ( though not all ) european countries is , more often than not , quite ethno-nationalist/centric and therefore regarded by many people as racist . 
  it 's spelt `` dia duit '' , no ` h ' , but pronounced as you say , for some odd reason . 
  well , this is what they voted for . 
  yes , it does n't make much sense . 
  i thought it was kind of inappropriate and irrelevant to bring switzerland 's non-eu membership into a thread about such a horrible event . 
  why do you have to bring politics into this ? 
  exactly , most of us have wavy to straight hair . 
  well , the vandals were germans after all . 
  no , i have not seen that . 
  you ca n't expect prisoners forced to do slave labour to not complain and willingly work , why else do they think that the production outputs of british prisoners was lower than that of german workers . 
  we 're talking about swords , not wooden sticks . 
  and in western europe we 're stuck with pussy fencing based on `` first blood '' . 
  african migrants ... / s, 
  the media are often funded by political backers , e.g. 
  the national broadcasters in most countries , so i do n't think that it 's a big controversial leap to suggest that these national broadcasters often like to toe the ruling party line and engage in such distraction . 
  also , the owners of a lot of private media companies ( including social media companies ) have their own political biases .
