  if you knew anything about british history you would realise they were imperialist butchers . 
   you have no moral sense at all . 
  i have the moral sense to recognise evil when i see it . 
  i am not saying hitler was good i am simply pointing out the fact that britain killed millions more . 
  you have a biased opinion . 
  ignore me all you want but if you look up those figures you will realise i am right , 
  yes actually it was , the british killed millions more than the germans did . 
  britain has committed much more genocides than germany just look at the native americans who were almost completely wiped out , the millions who died under british rule in india . 
  the opium wars britain started with china just to keep them addicted to opium killing thousands . 
  the mass genocide committed by cromwell in ireland . 
  while the germans have hitler and ... . . that 's it . 
  so if you weigh the statistics britain was far worse than germany was . 
  even as recently as the 70 's when british soldiers opened fire on peaceful protesters in northern ireland on bloody sunday . 
  the only reason you do n't think britain is worse is because britain won the war and biased the shit out of it . 
  maybe you should familiarise yourself with british history and look at their brutality to those who they deemed as `` inferior '' like africans , asians and catholics . 
  the british were the most brutal empire in history they killed more people than hitler could even dream of . 
  when the british withdrew from india the made such an awful mess of it that 14 million people were displaced and one million were murdered in religious tensions . 
  that 's not including the irish potato famine that killed around a million and forced a million to emigrate , and the great indian famine which killed between 5.5 million 29 million people died at the hands of the british . 
  looks like the british have already beaten the german death toll . 
  also lets not forget because of the strict treaty of versailles hitler came to power so british unknowingly caused the second world war years before it happened . 
  there is no way to count how many millions the british killed but the death toll far exceeds that of the germans . 
  so yeah the british were much worse than the germans and if you knew your history you would know that . 
  also down voting my comments does n't change the fact that the british empire was just as evil as the german one . 
  i am not arguing with yet another person only to end up repeating myself read the other comments i posted or live in your ignorance . 
  i honestly do n't care anymore , irish neutrality was perfectly understandable and you have no right to question the morals of eamon develera and the unanimous decision of the irish people to not fight with one evil empire against another evil empire . 
  as far as they were concerned the only difference between the british and germans was that the germans did n't like jews and the british did n't like catholics . 
  the british imposed penal laws in ireland basically stripping all catholics of their rights . 
  that 's not that different to the nuremburg laws . 
  the only moral failure here is the british lack of understanding towards the irish . 
  also the fact that the british killed almost all native americans is relevant as it shows that they had more in common with hitler than they thought and the fact that cromwell exterminated 40 % of the irish population . 
  there was a strong and understandable anti-british feeling at the time . 
   er ... official neutrality did n't oblige you to express condolences on the death of hitler . 
  that was develera 's decision not the entire population . 
  i find that a bit too much as well but the german ambassador to ireland was far nicer to us than the american one or churchill . 
  from the irish point of view the british and germans were just as evil as the other . 
   the fact of the concentration camps in the boer war does n't absolve ireland from its appalling moral failure in wwii . 
  no but it does show the similarities between the british and the germans . 
  it shows the whole attitude of the british towards people they viewed lesser than them like catholics , africans , asians ... this sounds somewhat familiar does n't it . 
  similar behavior to a group beginning with the letter n. 
   and i want to make it clear at no point have i criticised an individual 's opinion , other than myothercarisawhale . 
  you did n't criticise his opinion you outright said he `` should be disqualified from the human race . '', 
  which is rather offensive . 
  and this will be the last time i explain this and to make it clear i 'm going to explain this to as if you were a child . 
  the english were very mean to the irish , taking their land , killing their people , running their country for britains own gain , shipping our relatives to america and australia . 
  one day the irish said no more and fought the british , the germans were very nice and sympathetic to the irish giving them weapons to fight the evil foregin rulers . 
  then when the evil empire is gotten rid of they ask the country they used to pick on for help and then ireland said no ... because the evil empire took all their resources desimated their lands and killed millions of their people . 
  the germans however did not ask ireland to go to war and put no pressure on them whatsoever . 
  although the germans were not that nice and ireland did n't agree with them they decided not to go to war out of fear of being destroyed be either side as ireland was well within reach of bombers and ships and was very badly defended . 
  with no way of declaring war even if they wanted to they decided to stay neutral . 
  now does that explain why we did n't go to war or will i take it down a bit again ? 
  at the time england seemed just as evil as germany to the irish . 
  you do n't pick on someone for years and then be shocked when you ask for a favor and he says no . 
  now if you do n't get it now you are just ignorant and you will never understand . 
  i agree completly, 
  well that was the view of irish people at the time , why should we die in a far away land for someone elses benefit . 
  no one knew that the mass genocide was going on and those who escaped to tell the tale shocked the world and they did n't believe them . 
  you are once again not looking at this from what it was like back then as no one knew this was going on . 
  but you still fail to see that ireland was a backward country at the time . 
  what would we go to war with sticks and stones ? 
  those `` impoverished scottish miners '' did not buy the weapons themselves the british government gave them the weapons . 
  i also doubt you are in any position to judge switzerland 's neutrality . 
  since you are giving out about no one helping take into account that america did not declare war on germany , germany declared war on america . 
  if hitler did n't declare war on them britain would have been defeated , standing alone against the germans . 
  sweden may have sent troops but they kept giving hitler iron to build his tanks and portugal itself was a dictatorship . 
  you are viewing this entirely in hindsight , it is easy to say ireland should have declared war now but it was a complicated matter back then . 
  you should educate yourself on ireland 's situation at the time rather than saying we should have declared war . 
  in today 's perspective it would be like asking andorra to declare war on france . 
  ireland was in absolutely no position to go to war and the wounds of our civil war were still affecting us . 
  you fail to realise as well that at that time the ira had already become a terrorist organisation and had nothing to do with the will of the vast majority of people , the irish government swiftly arrested most ira members when they contacted germany and arrested the nazi 's that visited ireland . 
  also if you were aware of the atrocities of the british in ireland you should understand the very anti-british feeling of the time . 
  you swear ireland knew that hitler was killing millions of jews when even britain did n't until well into the war when it was basically over and all hitler could do was take as many people with him as possible . 
   while the allies gave lives every step of the way to hiler 's bunker the irish prime minister gave condolences to the nazi empire for hitler 's death . 
  develera also gave his condolences to america when roosevelt died , it was called being neutral . 
  he did not give favor to any side out of fear of an invasion from either the nazi 's or the allies . 
  ireland did n't have any resources to fight a war or the men . 
  at the time we were still recovering from the famine , population wise we still have n't we only had around 3 million people at the time and most of them were farmers struggling to make an income . 
  we were a backward agricultural based country we did n't even have enough guns to give our 10,000 soldier 's or any way of transporting them to europe . 
  you are in no position to judge irish neutrality when you have no clue about our history . 
  you can judge our neutrality when you have the facts but you do n't . 
  you judging irish neutrality is like me judging swiss neutrality , i am in no position to do so . 
  i am in a position though to fully support develera 's actions even though i disagreed with him on most levels , especially during the negotiations of irish independence . 
  we were a neutral country and our government wanted to stay as neutral as possible . 
  staying neutral during the war was one of eamon develera 's greatest achievements . 
  in hindsight it is easy to say that we should have fought hitler but you forget quite a major thing . 
  no one knew the nazi 's were committing mass genocide until the war turned in the allies favour . 
  the camps were not discovered until the allies invaded very late into the war . 
  also eamon sent his condolences to both germany and america after their leaders died . 
  we stayed out of the war to spite the english who had persecuted us for 700 years . 
  you might not realise that oliver cromwell exterminated 40 % of the irish population , england seemed just as bad to us at that time . 
  also would you like to know who invented concentration camps ? 
  why the british did http://www.boer.co.za/boerwar/hellkamp.htm , so all of you british people get off your high horse and learn some irish history for once and how you killed us in our thousands because we were catholic . 
  or how about when the british killed the native americans to take their land from them . 
  or how britain did nothing but contribute to the death of millions in indian famines https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/famine_in_india#causes . 
  your old empire did not civilize the world as you thought . 
  do not judge the irish government for not wanting to march their tiny army of only 10,000 men to their deaths . 
  even though we were neutral we actually did help the allies as british troops that landed in ireland we arrested and released and the northern irish border while germans were put in prison until the end of the war . 
  we also gave vital information about the german ambassador in ireland over to the allies . 
  so why do n't you get the irish point of view next time before you start arguing that we did nothing . 
  your level of ignorance is appalling . 
  as he was against irish independence and actually contemplated invading the irish free state during the war , i am not a fan .
