why did ireland leave in the first scenario ? 
  here are some of my favourite irish folk songs . 
  they can be very anti-british but they are very catchy [ wolfe tones - black and tans ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8s2msvaxnqq ) [ dubliners - molly malone ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdxlxnhgnvo ) [ rita connolly - ripples in the rockpool ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_2dhb4mqto ) [ wolfe tones - man behind the wire ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yr0nwix_gc ), 
  yes it was , protestants feared a catholic majority always aware that on the island as a whole the were out numbered . 
  they feared `` rome rule '' and the whole thing was started by religious differences in the bogside when the protestant apprentice boys marched through a catholic area causing huge riots . 
  on numerous occasions sir basil brook said the north was `` a protestant state for a protestant people '' . 
  the main reason for the troubles was the idea of unification with the south but saying it had little to do with religion is just ridiculous . 
  we might n't have created it but they were irish people killing each other over some slight differences in religious belief , so it is still a shameful moment in our history . 
  ireland here , our most shameful moment is the troubles . 
  i see the people in the north as irish no matter if they are protestant , orange man , catholic , apprentice boy etc. 
  it embarrasses me to think that there are still tensions here over something so stupid as the slight differences between catholicism and protestantism . 
  i did my leaving cert there in june and the pressure that one exam put on me gave me a bit of a bald spot . 
  they need to change the course so you know the history , not that you can write really fast . 
  i did my project on the sinking of the lusitania in 1915 and who was responsible , turns out it was just negligence of the admiralty . 
  i have always been interested in the boer war but have n't got around to looking it up , now i know that the irish were involved i will definitely read up on it now . 
  i completely agree i love learning about the immigration of different peoples to different countries and the impacts they have there . 
  although i would be more interested in european and asian history than american history . 
  also i do n't really blame you for getting off track , i think all people who are interested in history get easily sidetracked . 
  while talking about the eucharistic congress in dublin my history teacher somehow ended up talking about how the irish government had the russian crown jewels in a safe for years and forgot about them and then the sinking of the lusitania . 
  i do n't know how many times i have explained something historical to my friends and ended up on something completely different . 
  i would love to learn about those things but we are taught about things like the troubles which are still very relevant to today in ireland , just the other day marked the 323rd anniversary of the battle of the boyne . 
  my irish teacher also happened to be a history teacher ( which he liked teaching more than irish ) . 
  i do n't think we learn much about irish-americans because if we learned about all that too we would be overwhelmed with only irish history and we would focus less on europe and other parts of the world . 
  it is really fun learning about how the irish basically run america when there are more germans than irish there , i think only a handful of american presidents were not of irish descent . 
  i think because irish history is so vast they can not possibly teach it all without neglecting other things like the partition of india and racism in france . 
  they mentioned a bit about the countries the irish went to but we focus more on the reasons that forced them to leave , like the great famine and our many governments inability to deal with high unemployment . 
  my irish teacher would always get sidetracked and tell us about the irish joining the police in new york and how the irish mafia was so brilliant that some of them still have n't been caught . 
  other than teachers getting sidetracked its just kind of known that we were highly influential because so many of us left . 
  in primary school my school taught bits of different periods and places , my teachers did n't like teaching it because they had to convey it very carefully so as not to evoke an anti-british feeling . 
  they spent more time on other subjects like maths , science , irish etc. 
  in secondary school at junior cert level they cover quite a lot starting from the stone age right up to today but it is very general . 
  it is worded carefully as not to create an anti-british feeling , this can be seen by the fact that my history book had less than a page on oliver cromwell and basically said he was n't that nice . 
  we look at a bit of the world but mostly western europe and a bit of america . 
  at leaving cert level a large emphasis is placed on northern ireland , the creation of the free state and the northern state and the troubles in the north . 
  there is a good choice in the course , it is irish history in the first section and the second section is european history with a bit of american . 
  we do n't really learn much about africa , asia or the middle east only the key bits . 
  i personally think the course should be widened a bit but then again if you are actually interested in history you will look up the stuff yourself . 
  the main problem i have with leaving cert history is the structure as less emphasis is placed on knowing history and more of how fast can you write your learnt off essay 's . 
  you have little to no spare time in this exam and it can be very stressful . 
  its nothing personal , i usually vote for the most ridiculous song and this year romania is looking pretty good to me . 
  i have been doing this ever since the ukraine in 2007 and they sent the awesome guy with the star on his head . 
  that was n't known by the irish government at the time so it prepared for both an allied and a german invasion . 
  however with little money or materials thanks to the british our defenses were poor at best . 
  maybe if you read about irish neutrality you would know that . 
   i would 've liked to discuss the rest of the points we 've brought up but yeah ... did realise you know nothing about ireland during this period ? 
  and the germans would have invaded http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_green_ ( ireland ) with many other neutral countries invaded without american or british intervention ireland would have as well . 
  the only reason the plan was cancelled along with operation sea lion was because of operation barbarossa . 
  that was eamon develera who apologised not ireland in its entirety and at that he did the typical thing the taoiseach would do if a head of state died , he signed a book of condolences and gave his condolences to the ambassador . 
  the ambassador was sympathetic to ireland during the war and discouraged german offensives against us . 
  i do not agree with that but staying neutral was the best thing to do . 
  you can not question ireland 's neutrality when you have not studied it . 
  that is the point i am making . 
   if you ca n't take it that ireland did almost nothing during the war then that 's your problem , also as i said ireland did help during the war , vital weather reports were given to the allies in preparation for d-day , without irish intelligence it would have been postponed , ireland allowed the allies to use the donegal corridor and soldiers that should have been detained for the whole war were let go while their german counterparts were not let go until the end of the war . 
  in fact here is a list of things ireland did during the war http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality_during_world_war_ii#the_cranborne_report if ireland declared war on one side it would have been invaded by the other thus making 30 years of work pointless and putting us once again under foreign rule . 
  the government admitted that if it entered the war it would have been ruined `` small nations like ireland do not and can not assume a role as defenders of just causes except [ their ] own ... existence of our own people comes before all other considerations ... no government has the right to court certain destruction for its people ; they have to take the only chance of survival and stay out . '', 
  and eamon develera had a secret base built in ireland in case of a german invasion of britain . 
  he believed that if britain fell so to would ireland . 
  so please get your facts right  and while you are at it read the rest of that wikipedia page so you can get your other facts right . 
   you 're in the mindset of having to defend your ancestors . 
  defending the people who did nothing wrong . 
  modern irish people still believe this was the correct course of action ( which it was ) . 
  you are not insulting my ancestors you are insulting me and the irish people . 
   the only one acting like an expert here because i actually study irish history and know it inside out back to front and upside down . 
  world war 2 ireland is a big part of my course . 
   personal attacks so no you 're not being civil again all i said is you have no idea what you are talking about because you do n't study irish history . 
  you have a lack of knowledge on the subject which makes you http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/ignorant?q=ignorant  you 're being an arse i 'm not the one accusing a nation of doing nothing to fight the germans when they did even though they despised both sides of the battle . 
  do n't try to have a historical discussion when you are unfamiliar with the topic . 
   ah a personal attack , great response yes it was a personal attack because you know nothing about irish history so do n't act like you are an expert . 
   the british empire was cruel at times i 'll grant you that , my countrymen have committed atrocities against a lot of people , i wo n't apologise for that but i will acknowledge it . 
  then you will realise why we refused to join one evil empire to fight another evil empire . 
   but it did nothing in order to help the allies in anyway . 
  if you knew anything about irish history you would realise that british soldiers that landed in ireland were arrested and let go at the northern border while their german counterparts were interned for the rest of the war and vital information regarding the german ambassador were handed over to the allies . 
   but what about allowing pilots who joined the raf to return after the war ? 
  they betrayed their country by joining our old enemy , the war of independence was still very fresh in the minds of the people then . 
  they joined the army that wished us to be under the control of a foreign power . 
   i 'll agree that doing anything such as denouncing germany and declaring war could have lead to bombings we did get bombed for helping the british  where was ireland from 1939-1945 ? 
  trying to fix the mess that britain made of it . 
  we were a newly formed country still trying to lay down the foundations of the state . 
  we were n't even declared a republic until after the war , our constitution was n't even fully formed yet . 
   where was ireland when germany had taken poland ? 
  the same place as britain was , at home . 
   where was ireland when germany had taken france ? 
  not having our men killed in a futile battle , the only reason the war was won was because of the u.s and russia , and army of less than 10,000 men would have done nothing against the germans . 
   i 'm done ; no more posts from me if you ca n't be civil i ca n't have a discussion . 
  good i 'm tired of arguing with people who have no idea what they are talking about . 
  next time pick up a history book about ireland  i am being civil , i am simply pointing out that you do n't know about ireland during this time ( which you do n't ) . 
  if i was being uncivil i would have called you something like and idiot , instead i said you were ignorant on the topic which means you have a lack of knowledge on it ( which you do ) . 
  also this is the same argument as everyone else . 
  ireland was not content on letting hitler destory europe . 
  if britain has been nicer to the irish and not have tried to wipe them out on several occasions , we still could n't have joined . 
  let me make this very clear ireland could not physically join the war even if it wanted to . 
  we were a newley formed country with a ruined economy . 
  maybe if the british empire was n't as evil to ireland as the nazis were to the jews the situation may have been different . 
  also the mass genocide of cromwell was not the only time britain ruined ireland there is also the ulster plantations , the great famine , the partition of northern ireland , the 1798 rebellion , the 1916 rising , the war of independence and so on and so forth . 
  the mass cruelty of the british empire was still fresh in the minds of the irish . 
  how about you read a history book about this before you come in here with the same argument and lack of knowledge as everyone else . 
   i can always ignore you . 
  you can remain stubborn all you want but the fact is millions more died at the hands of the british than any other empire . 
  whether you choose to accept the fact or not is up to you , but do n't try and argue with the figures . 
  facts are facts and the fact is the british empire is evil and killed millions .
