[ that 's old . 
  ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/countries ), 
  this post is so cute !, 
  so what is so uncivilized in this video ? 
  these cows produce topnotch milk for the society and brings makes the capital flow . 
  that prussian 145 % discipline makes me want to cry :'), 
  i did have , right now i 'm an engineering student thus i do n't know if i have time for all the lovey-dovey relationship . 
  by `` european like minded '' i was referring to the liberty to critique anything , from simple things like bad parenting till the governmental problems . 
  so basically i 'd consider that some russians are really narrow minded when it comes to certain political , economic , and social problems ( probably like how amish are in us and most of americans do n't get why would you want to live like this , you know ? ) . 
  as an example i can give : for social one , most bad things that happen in chechnya , simple russian folk would comment that it 's the chechen 's wrong doing and not theirs and would like to walk over other [ nationalities ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zqnkdcitdm ) because they 're the majority ( in that video basically some individuals from the police department that were n't even in their uniforms , asked 2 chechen girls to show their passport , one of the girls was a mother that was feeding at that time , and they did n't even show any documents to prove that they 're actually coppers . 
  and chechens are the luckiest ones in the whole r.f. 
  the politics kind of bind together with the economics , they 're angry on the us sanction because they think that us is the evil warmonger that wishes only destruction and chaos , and while they 're believing that russian culture is based solely on resistance and defensive wars ( most of them think that they had all the rights to annex crimea ) . 
  about oligarchs i 'm not even talking , putin is kind of the boss of this mafia-state , or so it seems that he 's the honcho . 
  state media is controlled by kremlin and most russians believe it without checking also the western channels , thus their opinion is based from one point of view . 
  i 'm sorry that i had to write this shakespearean play but otherwise i do n't know if you would 've understood my point of view . 
  :d i love their apsuridstan album !, 
  like , i 'm a really hardcore anime and manga fan , but i do n't want my kid to have a `` relationship '' with an anime girl/boy . 
  nope , [ malta ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/10/20/which-is-the-most-obese-country-in-the-eu ) has quite a high obesity rate . 
  [ true !, 
  ] ( https://stateofobesity.org/adult-obesity/ ) sorry ;p, 
  well , ca is the place where people are usually doing fitness and has the lowest obesity rate in the us . 
  yeah , i do n't get these guys too if they 're joking or being serious . 
  come on man , do n't be cranky , i could differentiate the bridges because the landscapes are different , some are just joking . 
  damn , it 's so cool to feel the breeze , the smell of the green grass , hearing seagulls from afar and the boats balancing on the water doing cranky noises while waking up . 
  no , i do like to engage into complicated debates because this makes an interesting conversation . 
  i do agree with the fact that it 's not based but ( greatly ) influenced . 
  to answer your question regarding islam and its influence on europe , i had colleagues at high school that were `` of islamic origin '' some were turkish , others were arabs from syria , iraq , and egypt there was a guy from iran , all those guys and girls were really great , did n't yell on the hall ways about islam , to be honest , they did n't even care much about religion , the girls were walking in shorts , boys were listening to rock music and did n't mind take some shots and drinks . 
  the parents maybe are more conservative on religion but the kids ? 
  hah , to think about it , they 're more european than europeans themselves !, 
  / s but still they did n't show any desire to do a jihad in the class . 
  those cunts from berlin and koln are a different thing , it 's like saying the difference between german army and soviet army , eliminating the fact that nazi troops killed jews on daily basis , they were an organized army , with hospitable manners and respectful attitude towards the simpletons ( why i 'm saying this : long short story , germans came to a village , asked for food and milk in exchange of chocolate or various stuff in a peaceful and friendly manner ; when soviets came , took a ppsh-41 and shot the wine barrels when they started to drink , they drunk so much that some of them died < - these stories are true , my great-grandfather had to explain to a nkvd/kgb officer why an officer drowned in his cellar with wine -_- , poles , you 're not the only one nation that detests kremlin government ) . 
  and that 's what i 'm saying , asking any idiot with 3 elementary classes ready to fight any world war will bring you more problems than benefits , asking a civilized person with at least an undergrad will help your nation . 
  thus this is my answer , those which make troubles give them to the italians , they know how to drive them back , those who are smart and civilized , let them stay , it 'll help the economy and the demographics . 
  best . 
  i know man , i know . 
  dude , geographically we are kinda in the eastern europe , we are not slavs , we are a romance language speaking country and people know this , they knew since the middle ages . 
  today most of the difference is thanks to our `` beloved government '' , but these things can be fixed by us and we can live normally as anyone living in any other parts of europe , same goes for bulgarians , we just have to pull ourselves by our own bootstraps and to advance . 
  those which say eastern europe is grey and dirty clearly have n't seen a newspaper or anything related to media for around 25 years . 
  also people do n't care anymore about this bias , they just want to know if you 're skilled and willing to work , that 's it . 
  i never understood soviet union , it was meant to do equality but it brought more nationalism for russians and the rest were just some disposable garbage . 
  firstly , you 're getting pissed for no reason , and i do n't see any point talking to you anymore , because this was about the land and not the people living on this land called `` europe '' . 
  secondly , turkish laws were based on the justinian the great 's laws ( he was the last native latin speaking emperor i believe ) . 
  the music is based on the greek one . 
  and turks did take some loan words from the greek and from albanians , slavs etc. 
  if you think that being muslim is not european then what are bosniaks and albanians ? 
  or the tatars living in europe for hundreds of years not just in turkey but also in bulgaria , romania , russia , and if i 'm not mistaking also in poland ? 
  thus your pure bred europe is quite based on thinking `` that we want to live how we were used to with cheeki breeki , majonez , with skin-heads , and we do n't want to hear anyone 's else opinion . '', 
  this way of seeing things is so russian federation style that you ca n't even imagine , ironically you quite hate each other . 
  that 's why i do n't agree with you , mate . 
  ( pour downvotes on me like one of your russian girls ), 
  european : of , relating to , or characteristic of europe or its people ; a native or inhabitant of europe ; a person of european descent . 
  source : [ merriam-webster . com ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/european ), 
  if a man has a passion , he 'll give his life for it . 
  like how parents would give their life for their children . 
  if he is afraid to sacrifice for his good cause this means he has no cause and he 's just a shadow of his speech . 
  that 's why jacques hamel will remain in history as a true saint and this imam will just be a dark spot . 
  come on man , everyone knows life in russia sucks , plus it 's the national channels that are controlled by the russian government that is corrupted . 
  and reddit users know this , well not on / r/russia because i was banned there for being too much `` european like minded '' did n't even give an explanation for the ban . 
  anyway , normal russian citizens ca n't be blamed for this , just [ putain ] ( http://www.konbini.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/9/files/2017/04/putin-lgbt-image-ban-480x279.jpg ) and his [ friends ] ( https://nicktyrone.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/portrait-of-a-russian-oligarch.jpg ) . 
  if imam wants someone to burn , why is n't he burning himself like the buddhist from vietnam did once ? 
  no , it 's still just a tip , your saying , in therms of population but also from a geographical point of view . 
  and this thread/topic/map is n't about demographics it 's about the land . 
  also , out of those 10 million turks , most are of european descent , mostly from balkans . 
  i do n't think that the tip called constantinople is half of turkey, 
  in spanish `` va '' means `` go '' probably `` satana va ! '', 
  means `` go away satan '' , romance language speakers say in this way as how father jacques hamal said in latin . 
  but the church latin is a bit different than the classical one . 
  i know what you 're talking about , balkan bro : c, 
  nice video :d, 
  this song brought a smile on my face . 
  kek , great video  ), 
  64kg of cheese in the car , 64kg of cheese , take one down , pass it around, 
  you ca n't hate a group just like that , some of my ancestors died because of the stalin 's regime , also sometimes oppressed by russian officials but it does n't makes me hate the current georgians and russians , it would be a retarded thing to do on any scale . 
  get a life bro , bulgaria is n't that bad . 
  such a great post  , thanks op . 
  if it was that easy my magyar friend ... 
  typical erdogan doing erdobans . 
  what ? 
  about politics i would say it is more related to the tolerance of the nationals rather than their happiness . 
  we ca n't say that every german likes merkel but at least they can tolerate her . 
  to be honest , your picture looks better than what we have ... like it looks more aesthetic . 
  at least you do n't have a [ shit-hole ] ( https://www.ziarulnational.md/getimages/620x2000x2/large/6ad1f9c28bd6fc3350b7bc5c926239a0.jpg ) in the middle of your capital . 
   the 83-year-old has long complained at being named as prince rather than king . 
  for real ? 
  like i would n't give a damn if i would have married one of the coolest contemporary queens !, 
  to be honest , even if she was n't a queen you can agree with me that she 's quite a neat lady . 
  a title is just a title , the important thing is what you do , not on how you appear to be . 
  seems like they 're still on tech 10 in military . 
  yep , same here , usually they 're bald , having a white/grey moustache , showing their belly while wearing a shirt without sleeves , in training shorts and a pair of sandals , some of them i believe also wear a cross at their neck . 
  '' * blackadder : life without you is like a broken pencil . 
  * queen : please explain . 
  * blackadder : pointless . '', 
  it was phenomenal . 
  i fcking knew it , first thing that came in my mind about the `` cunning plan '' was the god damn baldrick !, 
  fcking great series , watched every episode . 
  a true mvp , not like his nationals from the government . 
  yes, 
  voted santa klaus, 
  for the first part of your reply i must agree with you , but for the second i will disagree , as you said the war would 've been longer and more bloodier ( i did n't know that they relocated the factories ) to which i agree . 
  to answer my denial on the fact that they would have not spilled every drop of blood is because in previous wars they did n't do such reluctant thing .
