thank  learned something new, 
  genuine question ... do `` white nationalist '' have a presence in europe ? 
  while my country has recently shined a light on this group due to our current politics , i ca n't believe our white nationalist are alone in the world with whatever they believe in ( i do n't follow there opions or beliefs ) . 
  do any countries in europe have a similar presence similar to ones over here ? 
  sorry why do you spell it with a `` k '' ? 
  just curious ( i suspect it 's on purpose not autocorrect ) . 
  love my country even though being a minority has its complications . 
  good thing is we will have a reset in 4 years ... maybe sooner depending on how crazy the politics become . 
  white nationalist lol ... always wondered that myself ? 
  who gets included in that count anyway, 
  but it taste so good ... even if it is n't the real thing . 
  taste real to me lol, 
  wait what ??? 
  did you meet these people at a bar before closing ? 
  lol that 's a weird thing to say to someone from the country . 
  money is they had to be drunk, 
  lol most here call him orange or cheeto ... well if there not a supporter anyway, 
  lol, 
  i find it nasty :(, 
  yeah , i would n't doubt that at all . 
  well over here the news is all about north korea and afganastan ... so american troops in poland seemed odd to me . 
  learned it 's common today but before i never considered this . 
  trumps love of putin also begs the question of why since this seems in response to russia . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i 'll have to look at that analysis tonite, 
  i 'll check it out , thanks, 
  yeah might be it . 
  have they talked about it on any major news networks ? 
  if so , i can catch it on there site, 
  i do n't have much knowledge about reparations after ww2 sorry, 
  just the chicago sun times, 
  has it ? 
  the articles i 've looked at said they were just deployed in april . 
  not saying your wrong i just have n't seen it, 
  thanks i just have second hand account so i would n't be able to answer anything without her being here . 
  while i 'm aware we have bases over there ( wish we didnt ) i did n't realize it was a common thing . 
  she made it sound like it was something different but that why i decided to find out the best way i know how  asking here . 
  over here , starting a date or interaction with a stranger comes down to the individual male approach and confidence level . 
  most times its organic ( work , school , introduction from friend ) ... online dating is rising rapidly as well . 
  lot of friends i know have married the person they met online ( i find it odd and weird but that 's my personal view ) . 
  i also know people who tend to pick up women in bars/clubs that after that one night stand , a relationship begins . 
  then you have the guys who approach every woman they see ( grocery stores , gas stations , what have you ) and after numerous denials , finally gets one that is interested . 
  usually this is the one night stand guy , but many relationships seems to stem from this ( not long lasting usually ) . 
  personally , i met my wife randomly at a coffee shop . 
  she was in line with me and i began to flirt with her . 
  we exchanged numbers and while i initially was only trying to have a short term sexual relationship ... she was n't having that . 
  i waited months before i could have sex , in between that , we dated and grew closer forming a friendship that eventually became a relationship ... then years later marriage . 
  i guess my point is , in america there is single way dating works . 
  the only standard that seems to apply is that the man must initiate the `` talk '' ( introduction , flirtation , whatever you want to call it ) and that paying for dates usually falls on the guy . 
  we were raised to believe paying for dates is considered polite ... that and the fact that women can be superficial . 
  wealth ( even the appearance , no matter if it 's real ) equals a strong male . 
  i do n't agree with this sentiment , and not all women have this view , but a majority do . 
  agreed, 
  latin music for me ... french ( unsure of genre , i guess neosoul ) music for my wife which she plays often ... i 'm slowly growing fond it it as well . 
  i will ask her the artist today, 
  that was a very informative reply ... honestly best one yet . 
  as a black american , i can identify a little with prejudice but not to that degree . 
  and to have it based on where you were born coupled with a history that occurred generations ago , boggles my mind in 2017 . 
  again , thank your for your perspective , gave me a lot to think about edited, 
  thank for the break down ... not sure if my previous post got thru . 
  what would you say is the reality in eastern europe ? 
  in terms of economy , poorness , religion , government , immigration . 
  i 'm sorry if that 's a really broad question ... might be better to ask what is the reality in your country ( romania is considered eastern europe right ? ), 
  thanks for the reply , i definitely see the bigger picture now . 
  jeez ... that 's a lot to digest . 
  thank you for breaking it down ... i never knew that . 
  i always assumed that europe as a whole was a united front ( i still think so overall ) but never considered historical divisions still existed/or that people still cared about it in 2017 . 
  i 'm only 30 , so when i started paying attention to the world outside the u.s , the eu was already formed . 
  learning a lot here today , thanks again, 
  yeah i 'm confused ... maybe because i do n't know the history or politics over there . 
  why is it a negative to be associated with eastern europe ? 
  oh i thought u said in the earlier post that sweden was included as a part of central europe . 
  misunderstood, 
  ok i was going back and forth with the map as i followed along . 
  i see what you mean now . 
  why is sweden considered central europe ? 
  one last question ... would ukraine and turkey be considered as part of the eastern block or eastern europe ? 
  i would never have thought that would happen especially after serving for them during the war . 
  you would think putting your life on the line would count for something, 
  why is that ? 
  okay , thanks for the example . 
  makes sense, 
  why was your great grandfather arrested ? 
  he joined with the soviets correct ? 
  amazing stories btw, 
  learning moment ... what is the difference ? 
  most people use debit and cash . 
  there are a few things out here ( android pay for example ) but nothing that the majority use . 
  i live in a major city and rarely ever see it used . 
  adults 40 + it 's becoming a popular thing in the last few years . 
  i go to bars and nearly everyone is on a phone . 
  yeah , it socialising ... just not face to face anymore . 
  just noticed a dramatic change recently, 
  lol yeah i get that . 
  maybe i thought i would be different elsewhere . 
  i 'm a teacher and the students are constantly on phone in class , hallways . 
  headphones on 24/7 . 
  adults ( even my grandmother ) are increasing there usage on social media where 10 years ago using a cellphone was like learning rocket science . 
  i just noticed a dramatic change and while i figured it was global , i secretly hoped someone would prove me wrong, 
  contactless pin ???
