  we do n't have that ... wth !, 
  lol that 's awesome though i ca n't imagine how it would be in practice, 
  lol, 
  thanks , i 'm learning some new things !, 
  so even if your country is not apart of the eu , your country can choose to participate in eea and shengen ? 
  is that because the eu is trying to gain these countries as members ? 
  lol, 
  that 's a lot of visas . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i was n't sure how much a hassle it would be for europeans traveling through those areas . 
  one reddittor told me buses can be a hassle ( checks , dogs ) so i 'm surprised that trains are easier than buses when traveling through those parts . 
  admittedly , im not very well informed about the eu borders ( not sure if turkey and ukraine are apart of it ) but east of the eastern eu border going into middle east or russia . 
  i thought norway was apart of the eu being next to sweden and location . 
  i 'm curious how schengen works and will do a little googling into that, 
  eu borders, 
  i was under the assumption e.u countries could pass freely through each other without much hassle . 
  in all honesty i never considered that perspective ... but that is another reason why i 'm here . 
  i can either stay the uniformed american or ask questions ... and probably sound like an ass to some people lol . 
  ok i understand now . 
  i never heard if turkmenistan before today , interesting that there is another country similar to nk . 
  thanks for the info again, 
  thanks for the informative reply . 
  i never hear much about this and was curious how that worked . 
  what did you mean by anal experience ? 
  lol i would go just to see `` doorway to hell '' . 
  no problem , i appreciate the reply . 
  this is the only grouping of countries sub i can find but i wo n't taint it by talking about trump . 
  i 've seen it talked to death in past threads here and do n't want to ruin a good thing, 
  singular global perspective ? 
  i hope you dont think thats what i asked for . 
  while i get the most of the world is n't on reddit , i do n't know what is n't out there without asking . 
  i 've tried looking but the best subs are always found by recommendation or luck ( like this one ) . 
  any non american sub that gives an outside perspective of american politics/trump is what i wanted . 
  i do n't have any expectations mind you , but i 've been surprised before edited : my wording was bad admittedly . 
  global perspective was n't the best use of phrase, 
  my mistake . 
  weed and reddit do n't mix, 
  ok i understand a bit better and can agree on that one . 
  thanks for clarification, 
  not bad at all, 
  damn everyone does give your country a hard time over that era . 
  merkel seems to be doing a good job over there so maybe the perception will change for the positive in the future . 
  do people in other european countries give you a hard time for simply being german ( either jokingly or serious ) ? 
  i know in the u.s. when we talk history , that subject always gets brought up either in schools or history channel ( before it became a reality show fest ), 
  appreciate it, 
  both i suppose . 
  lol fair enough, 
  humor is dark , crude and the characters are horrible to everyone but i find it funny . 
  that and rick and morty ... dark oddly intelligent humor for a cartoon, 
  i think your version of ashole is nicer than ours . 
  everyone here seems pretty laid back and respectful ... maybe i missed the bad threads, 
  ( hand slowly rises ) i think i asked an obscure question once or twice here when i first joined . 
  i think as an american we just assume the world has everything we have/loves it as much as we do , without ever realizing the possibility that maybe no one 's ever heard of it . 
  we do n't do well putting ourselves in others shoes lol, 
  different perspectives , ca n't travel to europe freely so this is the next best thing . 
  admittedly , i first came here to find out how europeans felt about us politics and trump , but i know better than to beat a deadhorse on this topic . 
  anyone have suggestions where i can go to get a global perspective on trump ? 
  thanks for that , swear i learn something new on this site everyday, 
  what is a women quota ? 
  you mean for jobs ? 
  what ? 
  how do you even come here and blame these guys ... . wow ... and wtf is citylabs.com ? 
  of course not , that would mean we actually care . 
  just know not all of us over here are behind this president or the short sighted bombings, 
  it was on day one ... today they are spinning it to sat he was playing 8dchess and this was some long term strategy . 
  they never taught me anything in school about europe except that they were our allies . 
  sad ... you all learn more about the u.s than its own citizens, 
  french is a beautiful language, 
  lol always thought that was san francisco . 
  minneapolis ? 
  never heard that one, 
  well i know you have good taste lol . 
  i 'm also free tv . 
  no cable or satellite just an internet service . 
  i use xbmc kodi to watch everything for free on my phone or pc . 
  at home i use the amazon fire stick ( with kodi added as an app ) to watch on tv . 
  not sure how big the fire stick is out there but lately , it 's becoming a huge thing in the u.s ( everyone is tired of paying for cable ) . 
  those were all great american shows , just a little older . 
  do you generally prefer older shows ( regardless of origin ) ? 
  i would recommend breaking bad and the sopranos if you have n't tried them already ( my 2 favorites ), 
   japan has far better reality shows . 
  really ? 
  can you recommend one that you watch . 
  i do n't really care for us reality shows but would give japan and other countries a chance just to experience it, 
  i often confuse the two even though i know the difference . 
   they come in , turn on music on their headphones and ignore the teacher completely . 
  they 're aggressive and arrogant . 
  they make sexual comments about other participants , shout at each other during the class sounds like an average american high school but more respectful . 
  i seriously need to live in the eu . 
  my student loans are around 80k total and the college students today are a lot higher than when i went to school . 
  that was just for the bachelors degree . 
  america is definitely not the land of the free, 
  kung fury was hilarious ( netflix ) . 
  did n't know that was a foreign film, 
  if it helps , most americans consider ford brand american, 
   i also feel your education system needs a good deal of attention and may actually be one of the underlying root causes of current problems but i do n't think i know enough to comment on it - let alone recommend what should be done . 
  i 'm a teacher over here and i must agree . 
  right now everyone is talking about healthcare ( which is n't universal so i really see no point ) , and no one is talking about education . 
  now this may just be the conspiracy theorist in me , but after teaching for the last 6 years i truly believe the school system over here is setup to accomplish 3 things . 
  force young adults into massive debt by pushing college with no alternatives ( college loans ) , keep the potential voter base ignorant , and to instill in young americans that our country is always the good guy .
