  doubt i could hold my own at a bar though, 
   if we wanted high test scores , we would first have to care how the inner city scores on tests , which we have no intention of doing . 
  we gave up a long time ago . 
  why ? 
  because ultimately it 's their problem . 
  that 's how it works here . 
  the raw materials are in front of you . 
  make it happen . 
  ( the raw materials are in front of them , too . 
  inner city schools receive more funding than suburban schools , yet they score way , way lower on tests . 
  if someone wants to solve that seeming paradox , they are more than welcome to try , but it 's easier to just succeed for yourself , move to the suburbs , and put your kids in those schools . ), 
   in that sense , america is the land of dreams . 
  dreams usually stay dreams , but that 's how it goes . 
  not everybody gets to be an astronaut . 
  but if you want to be an astronaut , if you want to chase that dream , you can do it here . 
  this . 
  this mentality is how most rich , upper middle class and rural whites feel about our country . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not true but ultimately the people most effected are minorities . 
  and it 's usually in a negative way . 
  the raw materials you talk about are n't available to everyone . 
  how is someone growing up in the inner city poor all of his life , foster home or 1 parent , lives in a broken community going to pick himself up , go to college ( especially with the current cost , its like buying a home ) and move to the suburbs to start a family . 
  the cycle is vicious in the city and things tend to repeat themselves for generations . 
  some get out but most are n't educated enough to strategize past next weeks paycheck / do n't have any support system . 
  i will agree , that there is no easy fix to our school system . 
  but i will say that it feels like if it does n't effect the ` majority ' , our country tends to not give a shit . 
  hope you do n't take this as an arguement . 
  just had to vent a little . 
   nowhere else you will earn so much . 
  really ? 
  i figured the uk or france had something similar . 
  is n't the euro worth more than the american dollar ( assumption ) ? 
  definately wo n't be going full murica , especially during the time of trump . 
  not exactly feeling patriotic under this guy, 
  tiernapoja , i 'm going to look into this . 
  you have actually got me interested seeing this performed . 
  learn something new everyday, 
  yeah if i had not known about that , i probably would have jumped to conclusions . 
  thank for this bit of info . 
  very true . 
  thank you, 
  never would have guessed those were graves . 
  i have a hopefully not so ignorant question , the seven generations to vote , is that still a thing ? 
  i am assuming not , so it might be better to ask when did the change the system of voting ? 
  why no cologne ? 
  lol, 
  i also figured this at first , but according to the replies , it is defiantly nothing like how the us does it . 
  wish my country had that same outlook ... honestly sad over here right now, 
  okay , i figured it would n't be to different . 
  we call that pre-game or pre-gaming, 
   raison-d'etre `` the most important reason or purpose for someone or something 's existence . '', 
  i just google searched it . 
  is this the proper definition ? 
   we laugh when we hear americans say they are irish-americans , without even being able to place the cliffs of moher on a map . 
  honestly ca n't blame you . 
  i never understood this either, 
  how well is this received by the non-minority citizens in your country ? 
  is it just commonplace so no one thinks about it . 
  this is interesting to hear about and sounds sort of like each minority has a voice in government that is actually listened to . 
  i will look into this some more . 
   the usa are a little younger . 
  i assume that 's their way of creating a sense of history and `` ancient '' ancestry . 
  everyone needs a sense of belonging to something . 
  agreed, 
   it honestly seems a little mindblowing to me that people , whose ancestors were irish 5 or 6 generations ago and who 've never been to ireland themselves , would take a lot of pride in being irish . 
  it has always bothered me growing up , but when i talked about it , other people would defend there perceived ancestry like it made them vastly unique . 
  i say `` perceived '' since it always seemed like people would pick and choose which ancestor 's they wanted to recognize . 
  the 1/4 irish , 1/2 german , 1/4 eskimo ( example ) crowd love to be irish on st. paddy 's day and german during oktoberfest . 
  this is especially true with minorities . 
  maybe because minorities have stigmas attached to there background , so people try to `` balance '' it out . 
  blacks ( like myself ) tend do say they are creo ( french and black ) , irish-black , hispanic-black , ect . 
  the american part never gets attached . 
  that how most of our legal forms are here as well . 
  even in school ( thinking my to early childhood ) , the standardized test would always ask us to identify ourselves with only 6-7 options available . 
  thanks everyone for your replies . 
  being black , i 'm considered african-american in the u.s , although i could not tell you one ancestor from any part of africa . 
  very interesting seeing points of view from other countries . 
  thats interesting . 
  i honestly wish america would embrace that mentality, 
  hello all , 1st time poster . 
  i have just discovered this sub and have been reading for hours . 
  learning a lot outside of my ` american is # 1 ' bubble . 
  i love reading the different opinions on this sub , so hopefully it will open my mind up a little more to different perspectives . 
  citizens in the us love to identify themselves by there ancestor 's nationality . 
  irish-american , african-american , ect . 
  it 's very rare that i here some identify themselves as simply american . 
  this is what i consider self-segregation ( may not be the proper term if there is one ) . 
  while i believe that if your born in the us , your just american citizen , many believe something different . 
  my question does this happen in other eu countries ? 
  do citizens in those countries think they are superior/disadvantaged based on the nationality or ethnicity of a great great grandparent ? 
  this may be a silly question ( apologies if this has been asked before ) but i have been interested in traveling other countries . 
  having grown up a minority in the us , there are certain states and areas that we tend to avoid due to ` opinions ' on color . 
  i will admit , it 's hard to shake that mentality although i also realize that what happens in the us is n't reflective of the entire world . 
  i do n't want to make any ignorant assumptions so this is a good place to ask . 
  if i were to travel to the eu , should i expect any sort of prejudices due to being american ? 
  due to being black ? 
  i do n't speak a 2nd language , will that be a problem ? 
  thx in advance for feedback . 
  i 've only been to london ( 15 years ago ) so any recommendations about places to visit are also welcome . 
  just like the title says , curious about which countries are cool with it , and which ones treat it like a criminal offense if caught with it . 
  netherlands , i know amsterdam is the weed capital , but what about the rest of the country ?
