   `` irreligious '' never heard that term before, 
  worst leader : trump best : er ... let me come back to that one, 
   s n't supporting the age law but merely suggesting a mechanism by which reform could be enacted without amending the constitu his weekend trips alone would cover pbs and a few other programs, 
  i would n't mind being apart of canada at this time  j/k ( sort of ) i honestly ca n't imagine how life would be if what you said happened, 
  your my new favorite voice of rationality !, 
  i do have a question , is american politics a big deal in denmark or are you just personally well informed . 
  i 've only been here a short time and it seems most eu citizens do n't know all the little details of our last election . 
  what in the constitution would make it illegal ? 
  sorry i do n't get it, 
   how you could do that within the constraints of the us constitution . 
  you 'd get blocked on freedom of expression . 
  what does the constitution have to do with the length of a campaign ? 
  never learned about that one in school, 
  i like this, 
  8 years conservative , 8 years liberal . 
  it 's been consistent like this for the last 3-4 elections, 
  trump just got rid of pbs funding so there 's that, 
  this . 
  agree, 
  seriously ? 
  not good cast food, 
  yeah the fbi confirmed on monday, 
  this i did not consider . 
  seems so obvious, 
  thanks kilted, 
  this . 
  agree 100 % . 
  can you be our president ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you could actually win after a trump presidency . 
  on a serious note , how well do schools teach the children and teenagers about politics . 
  in the u.s we get a very broad history ( does n't go into the ugly details ) that pretty much make you feel like the u.s is always the good guy in every situation . 
  even slavery ( go figure , since they always focus on how the slaves were freed , not the actually slavery part ) . 
  in terms of current politics , most schools do not teach about political terms or the difference between political points of view . 
  most teenagers or young adults have no idea what socialism is , pro-choice , ect . 
  the only thing all school must teach is the constitution , which honestly is a quick memorization of a few facts in a short amount of time to take a one time test . 
  most teens forget it immediately after they take it . 
  this however , is needed in order to graduate our school systems . 
  what ? 
  lol is this one true i ca n't tell, 
   it is the salad in russia , every holiday dinner table features it . 
  it was invented by a russian chef of belgian and french origins btw lol . 
  what is so different about the salad ? 
  compared to i guess a regular salad, 
  good nugget of info, 
  to sum it up , its just betting on american college basketball . 
  not to bad talk the op , but i do n't think most europeans would even care about something like this . 
  maybe im wrong, 
  thank you for this info . 
  i never would have guessed it was an immigrant dish, 
  lol, 
   constantly . 
  he 's sat next to me now but only i can see him . 
  gave me a laugh . 
  after reading the responses , it 's no wonder europeans are so much healthier compared to americans . 
  walking and riding bikes seems like a major thing out in the eu . 
  i live in chicago and although public transportation is great , i can not imagine life without a car ( i 'm 30 , no kids ) . 
  it 's not even a necessity but i use it daily . 
  i 've been to l.a a lot and can not imagine life without a car out there ( everything is so far away , even if those traffic jams are the worst ), 
  happy birthday rafa !, 
  i have had kompot . 
  very good . not a fan a cabbage but i still would be interested in trying some of those dishes, 
  the 1st and last place look beautiful, 
  lol my basketball skill areally 0/10 . 
   people there , black & white , ar n't all retarded , poor & on the brink of a race war for fuck 's sake . 
  lol never said any of that and you made a lot of assumptions . 
  brink of war ? 
  what ? 
  i will assume that you are from the u.s and not a minority ( if i am wrong please correct me ) . 
  i 'm from tn , and currently reside in chicago . 
  experienced first hand the racist bullshit that occurs in both areas . 
  i 'm not sure what point your trying to make but you realize we have 50 states and your examples only cover 4 states . 
  it did n't exactly cover the rest of the country . 
  you asked for states that i tend to avoid . 
  indiana , texas , utah , virginia , and sc . 
  i have had experiences in these states that i wish not to repeat . 
  please do n't act like every thing is okay just because you have n't experienced it yourself . 
  lol , yeah i 've been told that before . 
  but i have to experience this trip as an american with all the good/bad stereotypes that come along with it . 
  plus , i know next to nothing about our neighbors up north . 
  my lack of knowledge and accent would definitely not pass ( born in the south so i have a southern accent that i could n't get rid of if i tried ), 
  my moral compass is n't that horrible although most americans do n't take terrorist attacks seriously ( unless it occurs on our land ) . 
  sad to say but true . 
  bad neighborhoods probably wo n't be a big deal being from chicago . 
  i will avoid those areas regardless . 
  i 've actually been to london already ( at the time i was too young to drink so may need to go back ) . 
  i 'm not easily offended and generally open minded about everything , although the skin head thing might make me walk on the other side of the street . 
  no different then when i see a black gang or hispanic gang loitering in the city . 
  the common prejudices are kind of funny since we typically associate those values with hard-right wing conservatives and trump supporters . 
  the other half of the country is the exact opposite lol ( myself included ) . 
  thank you silk for this information . 
  i never considered finland to enter my travels but i would love to visit just to experience something different . 
  any places you recommend ? 
  good to know . 
  my friends tell me hungary has some good food so that might make it on the list . 
  i 'm so used to hearing the word nigger that i tune it out now ( blacks use it among themselves commonly here , hispanics use it often as well no idea why ) . 
  never considered slovenia . 
  what major cities or places would you recommend . 
  i grew up in a major city so i think i might be more comfortable in a good size city, 
  lol does n't sound to bad at all . 
  i 've always wanted to drink in ireland .
