  link to location anyone ? 
  i will forever love you for a copy !, 
  username is sashdog97 :d, 
  jb you 've done it again, 
  i feel bad that i actually searched for this :\\, 
  so you 're telling me that a 3 month old game already has dlc . 
  what has the world come to ... 
  god damn it ubisoft . 
  i 'm really hating all of these online codes . 
  i rented bf3 a while back to try out the mp only to realize that you had to pay $ 20 to play online . 
  so frustrating !, 
  oh great , now we can get invaded by the us ... 
  - australia, 
  oh i wish it was fake ... 
  was wondering whether this was some sneaky nsfw or not !, 
  this only compares house prices with rent . 
  i think if it compared house prices with average salaries , australia would definitely be on top . 
  a cheap house in sydney could n't go for under $ 500 000 while the average salary here is $ 60 000 p.a. 
  basically , lots of rich old people buying houses and making it impossible for younger generations and those immigrating into the country to find a place to buy unless they would like to live in their own patch of hell on the outskirts of all the areas where bikie violence is present . 
  wow !, 
  i never really knew that !, 
  but i guess canada and australia are basically the same !, 
  both have economies driven by rich miners !, 
  this is amazing !, 
  the enhanced fertility benefit just makes it that much better !, 
  i think they have one on display at the smithsonian museum . 
  i know this and i 've never been to the us . 
  as a kid growing up in australia in the early 2000 's , this was still the best show ever !, 
  here 's the video of it from tv !, 
  queensland - video , awesome !, 
  every other state linked ( except tasmania ) - pretty boring but shows you the rules . 
  tasmania - here guys , have a pdf !, 
  i 'm australian , this was on tv for a month . 
  least i could do !, 
  hahahaha , leaded fuel . 
  sounds like eastern europe !, 
  funny because most of bill gates ' welath is is microsoft shares . 
  if microsoft goes under ( which i do n't see happening for a long time to come ) bill gates probably would n't even be a billionaire . 
  fun fact thursdays , 
  do that anyway so you dig into your off peak downloads !, 
  do you agree that if more reasonable prices were applied to media such as movies , music , games , ( etc ) on the part of the retailer , we would n't need torrents . 
  i know that i would definitely stop downloading games if they did n't go for $ 85 - $ 100 ( aus ) . 
  what a nub, 
  i 'm australian yet somehow i knew this ... globalisation, 
  i blame this on our booming resources industry . 
  the vast majority of the country is a financial backwater while the low percentage of miners , etc. . on 6 figure incomes cause prices to keep rising through the roof . 
  of course but the small number of workers that contribute to that 5 % share means that they are being severely overpayed . 
  think of it this way , if you have 100 000 producing % 5 of the gdp , they will be far more wealthy than the 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 + that make up the gdp share of services . 
  all i 'm pointing out is disparity !, 
  studying economics at the moment so things like this practically dominate my life !, 
  this is all fun and games until it gets to the point when it 's cheaper to go half-way around the world for some software than to buy it in your own country, 
  neeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrddddd !, 
  nicki minaj, 
  manly ferry ? 
  i 'm australian , if i tipped you , i 'd own all your coal . 
  dj hero has a 1g achievement , unless you already have it !, 
  my god . 
  i literally spent 50 minutes attempting this jump when ac2 came out and it made me rage so many times . 
  i can not believe it 's back to haunt me after all these years !, 
  as an australian , my front door is further than that !, 
  i feel like a dick for never using it, 
  i bought it after a week it came out here in australia . 
  i did n't find any problems with the game , no connection issues , maybe some bugs like this picture shows . 
  9 hours of playing later . 
  all cities vanished from existence . 
  ea still has a lot of work to do but at least i got two games for the price of 1 . 
  capitalism ... 
  my god , what 's going on here ? 
  australian here :, 
  britain is seen as the mother country ( which it is ) , british tourists come to australia for `` adventure holidays '' , britain abandoned us in wwii when they basically said `` we 're withdrawing our troops from the pacific , also , send your troops to africa to help us rather than defending yourself from an inevetable japanese invasion . 
  last year , nsw ( state i live in ) finally payed back it 's debt to the uk for building the sydney harbour bridge . 
  british people are generally seen as pussies by australians . 
  we often make fun of your accent . 
  everyone thinks it always rains in britain ( which it seems is true according to the other comments i 've read ) . 
  add more points fellow australians , 
  edit : almost forgot , most of our immigrant intake comes from the uk because the laws regarding immigration between our two nations are so lenient . 
  british people come here to work because the salaries are higher , the weather is better , we have practically no unemplyment and our national debt is only 10 % of the gdp . 
  aaand we 're trying to achieve a surplus economy this financial year . 
  suck a guy 's dick, 
  i think i just came, 
  do n't go down at 8pm !, 
  dick smith 's australia day tv ad . 
  rugby does have more viewers and more money though, 
  ameristralia had that idea . 
  you guys are a bit late, 
  true about the venues apart from anz stadium . 
  lingerie football - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afkkjatcu4e, 
  hope the same happens to both julia gillard and tony abbott . 
  meanwhile in australia ... 
  yes !, 
  games have n't gone over the $ 110 mark !, 
  oh you learned the `` hard way '' alright , 
  `` come at me bro '', 
  open ttd , hours of rail building , company creating fun !, 
  dead-set watching this on repeat until the game comes out . 
  at first i thought he was testing the physics of the game by running into everything , i think i was wrong ... 
  please please please will someone photoshop gta v onto that blimp so that the gif can represent all of us helplessly running to the game stores on launch day !, 
  looks like the stag vtol from saints row iii, 
  legend, 
  alice springs is incredibly expensive !,
