my friend was asked by a girl in his class if she could use his computer for 10 mins . 
  when he got his laptop back , he found over 150 selfies and his word now auto-corrected the words `` and '' + `` the '' into `` dick '' . 
  luckily she was hot so it all worked out !, 
  the lack of likes on this status is quite dissapointing, 
  being from wollongong , 80km south of sydney ( for reddit ) , i must agree that sunrises on the east coast of australia are spectacular . 
  especially those in the larger cities such as sydney brisbane and the gold coast, 
  do n't know if sugar or cocaine ... 
  people not going to work due to black ops 2 or am i missing the point ? 
  for the first 30 seconds , i thought this guy was sheldon cooper !, 
  anyone else ? 
  there 's a $ 2 note ?!? 
  as an australian , i can say that your wrap looks like maggots in very badly baked lebanese bread !, 
  first thought when seeing this was `` go home roundabout !, 
  you 're drunk ! '', 
  how do you do the large font ?!, 
  and the bold ?!, 
  is it something to do with < / b  or ... 
  i read this link and the happiness made me cry !, 
  this picture is scarily electrifying !, 
  fuaarrrkkk !, 
  this took me so long to get !, 
  ( 20 seconds ) . 
  very impressive !, 
  this is ... incredible, 
  i 'd say a potato !, 
  i would read this but chrome crashes as soon as i click this link . 
  advice anyone ? 
  is it bad that my first thought when seeing this was `` i find this difficult to masturbate to '' ? 
  i was mindlessly staring at the tv itself trying to work out what the writing was , then boom , cat, 
  aussie speeds are terrible so they decided to implement fibre-optic cabling everywhere . 
  though to use it , you have to pay a minimum of $ 250 a month . 
  at least you get 900 + mbps with that sort of plan ( 100 and something mbps ), 
  got a friend that lives in one of the first 3 suburbs that got the nbn . 
  that was the speed we witnessed on speedtest.net and the prices are probably higher because he is one of the first people to on the actual network . 
  trying to say that the nbn will just be privatized and slowly integrated into the country like everything else . 
  god damn profits ... 
  uts students took their structural integrity prac . 
  exams ... nek minnit ... collapse, 
  his dad does run a home business but it still does n't justify why he 'd require such speeds and such a hefty payment, 
  i find this hard to masturbate to, 
  minimum is the easiest medium sized word you can type on a conventional qwerty keyboard, 
  got over 100mil score on ms pinball once . 
  took well over 2 hours, 
  valid point , but if it was a screenshot , more people would mindlessly claim that it was photoshopped ... 
  yeah , i uploaded this as a sort of reply to a pinball pic on the front page . 
  guy got 70 something million and was accused of hax . 
  decided to try and prove that it can be done . 
  the game crashed , along with the whole computer . 
  it seems that in 2003 , computers could n't handle a small ball rolling around a screen . 
  i seized the opportunity for a photo though !, 
  second law of thermodynamics at it 's finest, 
  same thing in fallout !, 
  i did my part . 
  up voted this post . 
  faggot finalists ... 
  the reason that aussies get ripped off is because :, 
  we have higher standards of living ( higher wages and therefore higher prices ), 
  the economy works in a way in which each part of a retail chain aims to make over 20 % profit, 
  we mindlessly accept the prices without questioning the value of the item we are being sold . 
  has anyone even seen the food prices in australia !?!?!, 
  and then to stop foreign importers giving us cheaper and higher quality goods they decide to prevent most food imports and say it 's for the good of our economy and health . 
  democracy , once again , gone out the window ... 
  how ... do you type ? 
  my respect for you is astronomical !, 
  there are $ 100 000 usd notes as well !, 
  i 'm australian , and our money is made of plastic . 
  other countries pay us to make money for them !, 
  it 's worth more than $ 2 us !, 
  canada has it 's own polymer printing company . 
  singapore , thailand , png , and other such se asian countries do n't . 
  so the buy it from us . 
  how did you all welcome the new year ? 
  sauron compels you !, 
  there 's a video of this on youtube that 's replayed with skrillex playing in time with the falls . 
  i 'll try and find the link . 
  found it !, 
  shuddup and take my money !, 
  considered posting to / r/wtf ? 
  persians - arabs , same thing ... also , iran gets a bit tricky , just because they are muslim does n't mean that they are allies with all the other muslim countries as iran is in the minority shia muslim group while every other country is predominantly sunni . 
  sunnis and shiites have always been at each other 's throats . 
  actually , it 's one of the reasons the rebellion in syria began . 
  the rulers i think are shiites while the population is mainly sunni . 
  ( i think ), 
  hahahaha , kazakhstan feels overdressed !, 
  it 's actually incredibly fun !, 
  they really did a fantastic job on the graphics , textures in particular and improved the handling on the vehicles . 
  the career mode actually makes you want to keep on trucking and advancing your `` european freight empire '' . 
  they expanded the map considerably compared to the last game and added more than 3x the number of cities that ets1 had . 
  most importantly , this game is a fantastic way to burn time !, 
  source : i 've spent 30 hours on this game after my friend bought it for me as a christmas present . 
  if you feel like a challenge you can opt to never sleep . 
  basically every 30 seconds you black out and wake up down the road . 
  just adds that vital element of surprise !, 
  do n't have my licence :p, 
  i had an ingrown toenail and had surgery done to trim it . 
  after having it bandaged for over 2 weeks this is exactly what it looked like . 
  guys , do n't hate on what can often be a natural phenomenon !, 
  studying ... hehehehe , 
  needs more fallout or skyrim . 
  i 'm also guessing you are n't a multiplayer junkie due to the lack of cod or battlefield ?
