paradox interactive we do n't even need any other developers , paradox is already perfect . 
  victoria 3 when ? 
  technically , would n't slovenia 's be `` novak '' ? 
  or did they decide `` conscript '' was n't a job ? 
  saudi arabia and qatar , truly countries to look up to and seek guidance from when determining one 's actions . 
  that would be amazing , a guy pulls a drawing of a gun , and suddenly all around him people are furiously scribbling on pieces of paper . 
  nobody said brothers had to * like * one another ... 
  it 's like i 'm really on the stage of mad men !, 
  the grid . 
  i 'm not sure the newspaper is actually where bounty hunters get their missions from , yo . 
  the people out to apprehend people are allowed to read other things as well . 
  stop looking at the sky !, 
  well , we pronounce pommes frites as pomfri . 
  it 's just that restaurants tend to spell it as pommes frites on the menu . 
  we 're worse than just calling them french fries - we refer to them * in french * . 
  seems to be implying that germany wants a grexit , does n't it ? 
  i 'd have guessed prestolonaslednica . 
  but more importantly , what about the crisis in scythia ? 
  do n't try to frighten us with your sorcerer 's ways , shouldbe_working . 
  your sad devotion to old women has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes . 
  we like having multi party elections so much , we have them every year , and we keep coming up with new parties so it does n't get stale . 
  `` holy shit , we got lucky by getting out before that shit kicked off . '', 
  most of that makes sense , but i am seriously confused by the contrast of `` lavishly financed russia '' versus `` cash-strapped europe '' . 
  in case you 're looking where i got that from , it 's the third last paragraph . 
  why is the austro-hungarian empire facepalming ? 
  `` and then they killed themselves in a mass suicide !, 
  listen !, 
  excuse for a king !, 
  how would i even tell the flags apart ? 
  oh , australia , my sweet summer child ... 
  well , they 're not gone , they went to greece 's creditors . 
  ( such as germans ), 
  and we can form voltron !, 
  we just need a fifth one and we 've got all the armed forces anyone needs . 
  you have one plane flown by the hero , then another one piloted by the more edgy lancer , then one piloted by a scrawny kid who likes to hack things on his keyboard while he 's flying , and one piloted by a big tough guy , and finally a pink one flown by a chick . 
  this is bullshit , i 'm pretty sure we 've got at least three airplanes . 
  okay , but they gave him a beer afterwards , right ? 
  and relative to population , each of those dead people were over 400 years old and 20 feet tall !, 
  it 's very obvious that he is n't suggesting that . 
  can confirm , people die when they are in a draft . 
  that did n't happen . 
  because when europe is africa , africa is double-africa . 
  christ , we 're adorable !, 
   and confiscate all their property ah , empires . 
  this got me curious , and i checked for slovenia . 
  and it turns out it 'd still be illegal here , but only because she was 17 years old . 
  anyone can own and use pepper spray here , but you need to be 18 to buy it , and you can buy it for someone else - but only if they 're 18 . 
  which ... i mean , it just seems like there should be some way for your parents to give you a note that says `` i am a responsible adult and i authorize this teenager to pepperspray people '' or something . 
  when exactly was western civilization all about the young people , and * not * about exploiting them for the pleasures of the elderly rich ? 
   the answer is to create a `` bad bank '' to absorb these loans yeah , we did that . 
  it turns out the bad bank was a bad idea badly executed . 
  who knew ? 
  as a country with 2 million in it people , fuck yeah we 're going to wave 4 million people right through . 
  woohoo , we did n't even get namechecked !, 
  stop attacking suspects in other countries , paris . 
  you 're a nation 's capital , you 're not supposed to be travelling around . 
  slaves also do n't pay money into the welfare and pension system ... 
  there 's a difference between attending a course , and actually getting people to speak to you in real life . 
  then you 'd have to rename it to the united kingdoms . 
   gem yesssssss . 
  you used the word !, 
   pirating music is illegal . 
  sure , but so 's jaywalking . 
   gobustan rock art cultural landscape drr ... drr ... drr ... 
  wow , this is the scariest month of the year . 
  looking at the wiki , yeah , it 's carnival . 
  but we call it `` pust '' . 
  nah , the krampus shows up on saint nicholas 's day ( 5th of december ) and is just a regular devil with chains that he captures children with to drag them to hell , presumably for not listening to their parents . 
  i 'm talking about the kurent . 
  we do n't do halloween , actually . 
  or rather we do , but our halloween is in the spring . 
  the practice is almost the same - dress up in costumes with masks , optionally go around begging for candy ( although the song you 're supposed to chant also includes coins and/or meat as possibilities ) , and this will drive out the wicked spirits of winter and usher in the spring . 
  also you have people dress up as wooly demons with long red tongues and chase people down the street while ringing bells . 
  catholicism : not even once . 
  this is difficult to feel morose about . 
  someone help me . 
  that is hilarious, 
  the effects of imperial and nazi germany are , of course , completely undetectable . 
  if they do , you may have put it on wrong . 
  ( sips coffee that does n't have a faux-italian name ) life is shit . 
  ... prices of tractors increased rapidly ? 
   slovenia 's main banks were recipients of 3.2 billion euros ( $ 3.56 billion ) of taxpayers ' money in 2013 when the adriatic nation narrowly avoided the fate of greece or ireland in asking for an international bailout . 
  the government of prime minister miro cerar is now seeking to recoup some of that money by selling the banks that benefited from the action . 
  we are fucking fiscal geniuses . 
  you would n't need to grant her a title , she 's already got one . 
  like turkey . 
  yeah , but every vehicular accident sounds like a fragment of a stephen king novel at this point . 
  yeah , but on the other hand , coca-cola and wonderbra . 
   worked so well when napoleon tried last time they made the british empire . 
  unrestricted submarine warfare it is , then !, 
  * that * worked swimmingly !, 
  `` real snacks '' ? 
  that 's just trying too hard , gives away the joke !, 
  slovenia has a funny situation where posession of marijuana is illegal ( and even relatively small amounts can also get you `` and intent to sell '' ) , but * smoking it * is not . 
  so hilariously enough , if you 're about to be stopped and searched by a police officer , your best move is to instantly roll up a joint containing all of your weed and smoke it right in front of him . 
  because that way no one can accuse you that you had marijuana and were planning to sell it to someone else . 
  how many band tshirts does the pope have ? 
  i do n't know about the culture , but i definitely have to agree about the accent . 
  a family friend is a japanese man who moved here sometime during the early nineties , and frankly , you can hear it in his voice . 
  he 's a great guy and everything , but i really would n't consider him slovenian even though he 's lived here for 30 years , because he just does n't sound slovenian , you know ?
