how do you determine what is and is n't a streaming site though ? 
  allow a government regulator to set a definition . 
  it should n't be that hard . 
  i do n't see why a site linked to a streaming site would meet that definition . 
   will people suddenly find massive parts of the website disappearing because they 're not on the right plan ? 
  if they choose the plan without access to streaming sites , then they may , but it would hardly be a surprise if they picked it . 
   the people who decide about that list have censorship powers . 
  there 's no reason why a list could n't be made . 
  it 's not censorship . 
  this is not about blocking sites based on any other reason than their inordinate use of resources . 
  the customer is choosing to purchase the plan . 
   the problem is you then end up with shitty deals like we have with tv cable companies today where some companies have `` exclusive '' access to some sites . 
  you do n't have to end up with that though . 
  it 's just a slippery slope argument . 
  you could allow isps to restrict certain types of sites without allowing them to restrict any site . 
   restrictions would like mentioned would have to go to the root issue though . 
  in the case of the suv the inordinate effect would likely be because of some factor it shares with other types of cars , size or steering for example . 
  hence that property would be what should be regulated against and not suvs themselves . 
      in the same way , the root cause of streaming having inordinate effects on networks would be the data load , and then we 're back at square one again , are n't we ? 
  you could regulate against the property , but there 's no reason why you should n't regulate against the type too though . 
  cyclists probably should pay some , however , minute , level of tax . 
  however , they so n't and , in fact , may get certain tax breaks . 
  if one type of car accounted for 5 % of the total number , but 50 % of the damage/cost of road network maintenance , that car , as a type , may be forced to pay more than all other types . 
  i see these as two separate issues . 
  allowing isps to strike deals with individual sites is fundamentally different from allowing them to offer plans ( or maybe even placing an extra charge ) sites that , as a type , place a much larger strain on the network than all others . 
  the latter is not about liberty and , in effect , it would have no real effect on the freedom of the internet . 
  i can certainly see why large sites would like to conflate the two . 
  the former sounds alot more frightening than the latter . 
  if streaming sites are placing an excessive strain on isps ' resources , much more than other content providers , and if their particular business ( off of which they profit considerably ) is placing considerable costs on the network that would not exist if their sites were not utilising it , i would at least listen to a proposal to put an extra charge , fee , tax , whatever you want to call it on these types of businesses . 
  you may not agree with this , but it is qualitatively different from the horror stories that we hear about isps blocking certain news sites etc. 
   give me one example of arbitrary billing/restriction of cars based on market agreements . 
  i would n't support that . 
  governments allowed to bill/restrict suvs because they place have an inordinate effect on the road system = good . 
  governments allowed to bill/restrict fords because they got a back-hander from toyota = wrong . 
  isps allowed to bill/restrict movie streaming sites because they have an inordinate effect on the network = possibly good . 
  isps allowed to bill.restrict hulu because they got a back-hander from netflix = wrong . 
  sure , it does n't follow that because we do it with cars means that we should allow isps to do it with streaming sites , but it is at least a reasonable argument . 
   like i say its very easy to decry all violence by protestors as immoral when sat on a keyboard on the other side of the world . 
  but as the wounds still present in ireland show , might does not right at all , and violence does n't just happen in a vacuum . 
  the protestors in ukraine overthrew a democratically elected government . 
  they could have waited for elections , which they most likely would have won , but they did not . 
  the government had a responsibility to act against these protests . 
  they certainly did not have a right to shoot protestors , but they had a right to protect business and law and order . 
  people should be allowed to protest , but in every country , there are limits put on protests . 
  it 's just so hypocritical . 
  people support actions like this in other countries that they would never support in their own countries . 
  the flag protestors in northern ireland were stopped with violence because they were blocking roads . 
  i never heard one person suggest that the police in belfast were wrong to do so . 
   it has regulations for reasons . 
  for reasons of sustaining a market as free and competitive as possible . 
  the nature of internet infrastructure - just as with roads - renders it impossible to have an unregulated market on it , especially as these can intercept other markets - free markets - which are depending on that backbone , such as internet content providers . 
  i never said that i was against regulation . 
  regulation of the internet is important . 
   also , how do you justify excluding arbitrary content ? 
  how would that not kill the free market sphere that internet is ? 
  how do you justify not allowing people to purchase plans without access to streaming sites ? 
  it would n't kill the ` free market sphere ' of the internet . 
  that is just hyperbole . 
   of course they should be allowed to tax bigger cars . 
  just like isps should be allowed to bill larger connections . 
  you misunderstand car tax . 
  car tax has nothing to do with the usage of the car , it is levied on the type of the car . 
   it 's when the road owner or the isp starts billing certain cars it happens already with cars . 
  isps doing deals with certain companies would be wrong , there would be no reason to allow it in my opinion . 
  allowing them to offer plans excluding a certain type of site would be reasonable if that type of site is very high usage seems ok . after all , as you mentioned , the government already does that themselves in a whole host of other areas . 
   you have misunderstood if you think that is what is proposed . 
  these proposals allowed specific companies to do deals with isps . 
  it is not just about yes/no on streaming video . 
  well then i disagree with these proposals , but i would agree with proposals where they are allowed to offer plans to customers without the option of movie streaming . 
   by your standards they 're not my standards . 
  i have no issue with laws stopping isps blocking certain content . 
  access to the internet is a public good . 
  i do n't mind governments having higher vat on alcohol or fast food , i certainly have an issue with them striking deals with certain companies over others . 
  likewise , have higher taxes on bigger cars , that 's great . 
  it would be wrong to strike deals with individual car companies . 
  the issue of streaming taking up huge amounts of bandwith seems reasonable to me - certainly with hd streaming and maybe even more demanding forms of streaming on the way . 
  i do n't see the issue of allowing isps to allow plans without streaming . 
  that seems fine if it 's across the board . 
  allowing them to offer plans with google allowed , but yahoo blocked does n't appear top have any merit to me . 
  it 's pure profiteering . 
  yahoo is necessarily any more demanding of data than google . 
  i 've no issue not allowing such a deal . 
  sure , it 's anti-free market , but i do n't care . 
   the reason why it harms competition and innovation in the market is that google and netflix can afford to pay off the isps for `` allow our streams on the cheapest plans '' , but new small sites do not . 
  if consumers are given the choice of streaming `` free '' ( = google subsidised ) from youtube or having to upgrade their plan for streaming from other sites , it will be extremely hard for any new players to appear . 
  do n't allow isps to do that then . 
  allow them to offer plans where all movie streaming sites are blocked and plans where they are n't . 
   well , if i pay for certain speed - and possibly a certain amount of data - every month , should n't my choice of data be solely between me and any content provider of my choice ? 
  of course , that is what a free market is . 
  that 's not a free market . 
  a free market would be allowing isps to offer plans to people which exclude certain high usage sites and allowing people to opt for these plans if they choose . 
   there wo n't be any new aspiring car manufacturers either , because due to fees out of their league these wo n't have roads to drive on . 
  you are now stuck with a oligopoly . 
  i 'm just saying that it is reasonable for isps to offer plans without access to certain sites because of there high data usage . 
  i would n't go any further than that . 
  people with bigger cars already have to pay more tax . 
  i never hear anyone complaining about that . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  why should people with smaller cars be forced to subsidize those with bigger ones ? 
  clearly , a government ( or whoever owns the road ) should n't be allowed to make tax deals with certain car manufacturers , but that does n't mean that governments should n't be allowed to have higher tax on bigger cars in general .
