   it damages innovation because it is inherently monopolistic , that really is n't difficult to grasp . 
  isps offering plans without access to streaming sites . 
  i find it difficult to grasp what the issue is with this . 
  if people do n't want this option , then they could go with an isp that offers a data cap . 
   but it is essential that they can then download from whichever website they want . 
  why is it essential ? 
  surely it should be left up to the customer to decide if they want it or not ? 
   the issue is not just video streaming . 
  for instance , many telecoms companies , including at&t in the us , and deutsche telecom in germany , have put restrictions on skype , so that their own products are not impacted . 
  alse , it 's well known that very small differences in website response times has huge impacts on customer satisfaction . 
  delivering quick response costs money as well , there 's no reason why the rule could not be expanded so that facebook or google loads half a second faster than the rest of the internet , which would have an enormous impact on their competitive position . 
  this is seperate to what i am arguing though . 
  this is clearly wrong . 
  an isp offering a package where certain sites are blocked is transparent . 
   there is fundamentally no reason why we would want this there may well be . 
  a customer may not be interested in streaming . 
  they may not like the idea of a data cap , for whatever reason . 
   it would do enormous damage to web innovation and to the online economy . 
  the issue seems to be movie streaming . 
  it 's going to get alot worse as streaming becomes more popular . 
  making these companies pay more or making customers pay more for access to these services seems reasonable if it means that other people have the option of paying less . 
  unlimited access without access to streaming sites may be more convenient than data caps . 
  i do n't see why isps should n't be allowed to offer such a service . 
  i do n't see how it would have damage innovation . 
  sure , isps charging extra to people/sites that do not use excessive bandwidth would be different and should not be allowed , but i do n't see why isps would want to do that . 
  a company offering unlimited access would wipe the floor with them . 
  what if i want to purchases a cheaper internet service without access to , say , netflix or other streaming content ? 
  if the isp offer it and i want it , what 's the problem ? 
   sorry to bring your country flair into it but i suppose you think bloody sunday was justified because they were protesting and throwing rocks , obviously all in the name of `` law and order '' ? 
  jaysus firstly , bloody sunday was a protest against a non-democratic government . 
  the protest in ukraine was carried out against a democratically elected government . 
  despite this , it is perfectly acceptable to arrest people who are throwing rocks or blocking traffic/business to an excessive amount . 
  the brits would have been justified in arresting the violent protestors . 
  they were not justified in shooting the violent and peaceful protestors . 
  just as the ukrainian government were not justified in doing it . 
   i just think/thought a general principle of morality is that it isnt right to use violent force against people protesting especially not lethal force . 
  that 's a pretty stupid ` general principal ' . 
  it 's perfectly legitimate for a government , especially a democratic government , to use force against demonstrators in certain obvious circumstances to protect law and order . 
  this was one of these circumstances . 
  obviously , that does n't mean that the way they did it was correct , at all . 
  when people speak of spirituality ( in the context you describe ) in ireland ( and most other western countries ) , i think that it 's unlikely that they mean a belief in spirits or other entities . 
  it 's much more likely that they mean precisely these existential questions . 
  just because organized religion appears to be wilting , does not mean that these very human issues will just disappear . 
   as if there 'd be any living concept of spirituality if not for thousands of years of enforced organized religion ... 
  there almost certainly would be . 
  spirituality existed before organised religion and will exist long after it . 
  the existential questions remain for many people . 
  that 's not going to change . 
  you seem incredibly angry about something very small . 
  you should be angry about how poorly we are doing in improving the use of our native language compared to other european countries . 
  it really is strange how bitter you are . 
  you did badly in irish in your leaving cert ? 
   fuck those parasites . 
  while they bang their drum for a bigger share of the tax payers money , children with serious illnesses are having their services cut . 
  ya , they 're the cause of that . 
  you seem strangely bitter about this . 
   your mentality is worse than shit , keep on defending these fucks . 
  yes , my mentality of not just reading the feckin headline is worse than shit  whatever the tax rate . '', 
  no it 's not , it 's the same as anywhere else in europe , just with more rain . 
  all of europe is not the same , have you been here ? 
   no it 's not , it 's the same as anywhere else in europe , just with more rain . 
  more rain , less snow . 
  i 'm happy with that !, 
   table 5 : the irish effective tax rate is on par with bermuda what exactly is he saying when he means effective tax rate ? 
  why do you think his effective tax rate differs from pwc rate ? 
  do you think , maybe , it 's because they 're measuring the tax rate in relation to two different things ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that the problem is the laws , or the lack therefore , governing the transfer of profits around the world . 
  this data actually tells us that the irish corp tax rate is being applied fairly . 
  those who benefit are the big financial sectors and their tax haven colonies , as well as the large corporations . 
  if you think that the problem is little old ireland stealing money off of the rest of europe , then you need to read into it just a smidgin more . 
   ( also fuck the brits and their colonies ) how fuckin dare you !, 
  you dare to bismirch the name of england !, 
  you are one low sob . 
   corporation are hardly paying any taxes anymore and you guys are enabling them as much as possible . 
  whinge to your government then . 
  they are enabling it too . 
  why does n't your government ensure that these companies pay taxes on profits made in the country ? 
   12.5 % is the max , no corporations pay that the irish corp rate is very transparent . 
  show me evidence of companies , be they small or multinationals , that do not pay the required corp tax on their irish profits ? 
  you have it , right ? 
   go on deluding yourself that corps go to ireland for anything else than the possibility of doing business in europe while avoiding a normal tax rate . 
  ireland is a great place for a company to go - whatever the tax rate . 
  it 's not even the lowest in the eu . 
  how exactly is having a 12.5 % corporate tax rate a ` beggar thy neighbour ' attitude ? 
   it 's a research paper showing that the claims by the irish leaders that the tax rate is n't low are wrong and that the effective tax rate is similar to that of a tax haven . 
  this is a lie . 
  the government are right in what they are saying as regards the corp rate . 
  the tax rate is applied correctly to what it is meant to be applied to . 
  this paper is simply rubbish . 
  the irish corporate tax rate applies to profits made in ireland - just as every single other country . 
  this paper includes profits not made in ireland that are transferred through the country , as some very large multinationals have their eu hqs in the country . 
  ireland can not apply corporate tax to this money . 
  the problem is the international tax agreements that allow this to happen . 
  this is not only an irish issue , it 's an entire eu issue . 
  it has nothing to do with ireland 's corporate tax rate . 
  what a rubbish article . 
  it 's a good series and is as sensitive as you would expect a german film about wwii to be ( which is very ) . 
   yet generation war assures us that this friendship was normal this is exactly what it does n't do . 
  it clearly demonstrates that this friendship was abnormal or , at least , unaceptable . 
  that 's the whole point .
