  but the best description of italy regarding spain that i heard was `` italy is basically an exaggerated spain '' . 
  i think it 's true . 
  and yet its usefulness is shadowed by spanish , while in europe is not even the second most important . 
  spanish is spoken by more than 50 million in europe . 
  that 's more than a 10 % of the population , and spain represents the 4th biggest economy . 
  you 're delusional if you think it 's useless . 
  french economy compared to spanish have nothing to do with spanish being far more relevant than french . 
  more considering `` greatly superior '' is not even an objective measure of comparing two big economies . 
  besides , french gdp per capita is 42k vs spain 's 36k . 
  it 's a 14 % ... hardly a `` greatly superior '' economy , 
  suck it , france . 
  just really popular because of africa . 
  french has lost its importance as lingua franca , and spanish is far more relevant today . 
  nothing compared to spanish . 
  no , poor canarias ... 
  found the illiterate kid . 
  wtf how do you even handle your own sexyness ? 
  more than enough , that would be a good salary in spain . 
  do you own a car ? 
  same here . 
  we really do n't belong to southern europe . 
  i 'm a finn in spirit ( and in vital space needs , mentality , personality ... ), 
  come on italia , we won this time , pls acknowledge it nao . 
  if we go by level of civilisation , all of the southern part of europe is the birthplace and where it developed , so if i were you i would n't talk much considering from , probably , who you 're descending . 
  how desperate you must be that you have to remind the people that `` we are the left '' ... no you 're not , that 's the problem . 
  that 's why podemos exists . 
  except the food provided by an animal is probably far more effective than any other alternative for things like protein intake for example , as i stated before . 
  so no , it 's not a pleasure , it 's the actual best/most effective method to feed yourself ... which is vital not leisure . 
  yes , we do , they 're the most rich/effective way for the protein intake , just an example , which you actually * need * . 
  the alternatives are n't as effective or are even problematic for growing children ... 
  i respect that you are a vegan , but you should n't feel morally superior for that . 
  it 's not a plus ... 
  killing for food < ------ ! -------  killing for fun . 
  yes , animals should n't be for the entertainment of the masses . 
  they 're not our slaves . 
  we need them for food , but we do n't need to make more suffering by using them as entertainment ... 
  do you see now why are we overtaking you on gdp per capita ? 
  it was done for political reasons of the `` spain vs us '' order , not because they really cared about the bulls ... otherwise they would n't have protected correbous and toro embolado . 
  but we really need a nationwide ban asap . 
  this kind of shit has no place in the civilised world ... and that 's why the immense majority of spaniards reject it . 
  the bad thing is that it is not easy nor fast to change , though . 
  give us some time . 
  canarias , catalonia and baleares started the change , but it wo n't stop there . 
  i wished catalonia did it for more than political reasons ( they still allow these with the fire or correbous for example , in the south of the community ) . 
   wtf is up with spain and train crashes ?!, 
  uhm , nothing ? 
  there was a couple of big ones in germany and italy ( a few only in italy actually ) not so long ago ... and belgium ... 
  i do n't think we break any statistic across western europe in that regard . 
  we might have one of the deadliest though , in galicia ( agrois accident ) and metro valencia . 
  but we do n't have a yearly incident like this ... as you implied . 
  gorgeous . 
   lets leave it here . 
  you do n't even underestand what i 'm saying . 
  and people wonder why `` those spaniards '' are so `` hostile '' with catalan independentists . 
  condescending tards . 
  ** e ** sport, 
  pretty sure that 's haram , m8 . 
  naah , coffee drinkers just ignore tea drinkers , they are not relevant . 
  it 's the tea drinkers that like to poke coffee followers out of the blue . 
  i 'm gay and sometimes it 's hard to be gay even in the most tolerant countries ( ie spain or the netherlands ) , so being gay in russia must be hellish ... 
  i think he 's just joking , although i do n't like the connotations around it , and thus i understand your answer . 
  you must have a problem if you do n't see his . 
  it 's not about his political option , but you must be right because you used a may-may and are edgy as fuck . 
  breaking the sub rules by using it as a propaganda outlet seems like a good enough reason not to allow such comments . 
  well then stop polluting then pls . 
  i 'm aaaactually buying a tesla . 
  i do n't want to see myself migrating because i ca n't live here anymore due to climate change . 
  spring and autumn in those places or the interior of spain like / u/sperrel says are exactly that : very high contrasts and some day you are burning and the next one you 're freezing and need gloves and everything . 
  but there are quite nice mild days throughout those seasons . 
  it 's just that during winters and summers you find the respective extremes more easily , and more consistently . 
  snow and freezing temps are not rare and are actually common in vast areas of the peninsula . 
  oh god , seeing rajoy there ... and like that ... it 's so unsettling . 
   whatever dude said after infesting a whole thread about churches with his catalan independence political agenda ... 
  pathetic . 
  and you think that 's going to be a real and legal referendum and it 's going to count for real . 
  but you called * me * naive before . 
  again : you 're a delusional . 
  and probably very young , which explains a lot of things . 
   use your brain !, 
  oh , the irony . 
  what 's obvious ? 
  that catalonia is independent ? 
  how is that related to this thread ? 
  how is that even a reality ? 
  you have a problem and i pity you . 
   why are you so mad dude ? 
  says the kid that is persistently and systemtically downvoting every comment i reply to xd really you 're sad and quite frustrated . 
  but you will be even more when you realize this is yet another year of `` no-independence '' , lol . 
  your comment got deleted by the mods for breaking the agenda pushing rule , you called me an idiot because `` you 're not doing political spam '' , got reported again and as you realize that your comment was deleted you post it again with a copypaste , like a spambot . 
  well have another report lmfao . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a compliment coming from a delusional :  but really , you 're a boring one . 
  do n't see anything worth trying to discuss with you . 
  so , goodbye , delusi . 
   oliven\u00e7a wtf what did i told you , extremadura ? 
  you do n't type olivenza with that stupid c with a snot . 
  [ our death valley ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mqwzxux.jpg ) does n't look like [ their death valley ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6nod9mb.jpg ) :p, 
  lol . 
  i guess i 'm talking to a quite young one . 
  i think i 'll pass and just report again for agenda pushing .
