  i do n't want a balkanized iberian peninsula , at all ... that would hurt my heart . 
  it 's not a common sentiment here because most people that oppose that much against regionalists and regional secessionists are usually right-wing and only see spain as a single , unified culture [ aka castilian supremacy ] , but i absolutely hate that and it 's not my point of view at all - i 'm pro-the true spain ... aka the one that 's made of spaniards , not just castillian people . 
  madrid 's left wing is very diverse , so you will find many different opinions among them . 
  the most common is probably very far from what we see in the tv : i think most left-wingers in madrid just want the catalans to do what they want , but there 's also this sentiment that i was talking about , because they most probably have family or friends in there , since catalonia have millions of castilians that emigrated there in the 60s , 70s and 80s . 
  we in madrid are as diverse as barcelona 's people are , so you can imagine how hard is to describe them all , even if it 's `` left-wing people '' in madrid :p and i 'm going to vote now !, 
  we 'll talk later if you want . 
  that 's psoe . 
  except without the podemos part . 
  see what i did ? 
  together ... `` wecan ''  plurinational spain is stronger than anything !, 
  i know i 'm not the op , but whenever you want to learn more about spanish politics like this you can pm me . 
  i 'm always open to share views and opinions with other fellow eurobros , 
  no it was n't , a referendum is won by 50 +1 of votes in every single democratic place . 
  so either it was n't an independence win or it was n't a referendum , at all . 
  ** stop lying . 
  i 'll take the tall , strong policeman to take me home , obrigado . 
  hey , / u/jippiejee , looks like [ the filter is at it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3x7vkm/eu_poll_results_would_you_be_willing_to_house_a/ ) again , 
  gotcha , will do in a few mins as to not trigger any spam filter . 
  i messaged you guys too fast i guess . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-among-least-welcoming-in-europe-towards-refugees-survey-says-a6775746.html ), 
  got ta love the greeks , when they speak their beautiful language it 's like i 'm hearing spanish but i do n't understand a single word lol . 
  there 's a policeman dead . 
  you 're an ass . 
  honestly it 's up to the inhabitants to decide , just like un the case of gibraltar . 
  it 's not like we are in the xv century again . 
  first you aknowledge that you were wrong : galician-portuguese is not the current-day portuguese , just to say the same wrong statement right afterwards : that galician and portuguese are the same language . 
  thing is , you 're right : galician-portuguese was a common language , a single language that was a bit more extense than the current-day galician in its own territory . 
  but that has changed over the centuries , and the fact that you can understand galician does n't make it the same language , wether you like it or not . 
  i can understand other languages with very close lexical common roots without having studied them ... yet i do n't claim they 're the same language . 
  because they 're not . 
  also , and this is not for you most probably , but downvotes wo n't change this fact , no matter how nationalist you are , 
  galician-portuguese is the ancient language , not the current one . 
  so , not really , no . 
  they 're divided between federalists/valencianists and openly catalanists . 
  i never ever said there are no people that want that . 
  my argument was that there 's a fairly more important amount of valencianists than pancatalanists , according to every major election there . 
  even if we pick parties like comprom\u00eds o bloc , there 's division among them , some are valencianists while others embrace the catalanism much more clearly . 
  i do n't think you disagree with this , i 'm not sure what are we discussing right now . 
  also i 'm not a nationalist , more like a republican federalist , and i want a federated europe ... 
  i do n't think that 's too spanish-nationalistic . 
  you 're basically saying that a diagonal line is a straight line for you . 
  ok , maybe for you , not for the rest of human beings . 
  [ check for yourself and try to say something different now , but you simply ca n't ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sn4moa6.png ) . 
  simply as that . 
  also , the star has an angle in the valencian one , not in the catalan one , as well as a different shade of blue . 
  need more hints ? 
  ~ ~ maybe ~ ~ it 's you the ignorant . 
  you have to add that galicia has an incredibly steep terrain , making infraestructures extremely expensive and complicated . 
  much more than , say , in the middle of castile , which is plain . 
  this is another reason why the ave is taking ages btw . 
  that 's not the valencian flag . 
  look closer : it 's the estelada , and the star with the blue part is simply in valencia because it 's in the center of the territory . 
  so either you did n't look closely or are simply lying . 
  look closer . 
  aragonese nationalists are a thing ( cha ) , but aragonese independentists hardly can be considered as an active independentist movement . 
  a couple hundred people do n't compose a political movement concerning millions . 
  maybe , but not so much about olivenza surely , as they consider it to be portuguese even if the locals do n't even speak the language and the main spanish political parties are the only ones with representation . 
  there are more valencianists than pancatalanists in valencia ... so instead of annexing valencia just to pleasure the catalan secessionists , why not just putting valencia apart , like aragon ? 
   the only real separatist movements are those in basque country and catalonia . 
  galicia has it too , but in a much more minor escale ( think of wales or brittany , for example ) . 
  quoting myself . 
  not even , considering leon is out . 
  although some leonese would be ok with that . 
  but yeah , i would have put [ the castilian flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ghmq4cz.gif ) at least . 
  i understand like 95 % of spoken catalan , and nearly 100 % of written catalan . 
  sure , there is a word or two here and there that i ca n't catch , but then i have the context that very quickly gives it away . 
  obviously i ca n't understand `` almost 100 % '' of french ... that would be so hard to believe , as you say . 
  but i can tell you that i do understand catalan perfectly . 
  and the same happens with galician , actually . 
  oh , and the problem with castillian people trying to understand portuguese is that you guys have a few sounds that we do n't ... but once we `` get '' those , we understand almost everything : like we do when we read portuguese . 
  i could translate an article of publico.pt without having studied portuguese , for example ( i put this example because i actually visit that newspaper to read news about portugal ) . 
  so , you could say that i 'm above the average spaniard in the sense that i like to read in other languages than my own or something , but not that all spanish people ( minus galicians ) ca n't understand portuguese , at least  oh !, 
  and obviously you feel more attached to your immediate neighbours than to , say , people that it 's 700 or 800 kilometers away . 
  but that 's everywhere . 
  i do n't think galicia is a low-priority region [ being the second autonomous community that receives the most ] ( http://i.imgur.com/he7b2on.jpg ) . 
  true , madrid is far from being low-priority and gives a lot ( much more than catalonia , and yet madrilenians are not asking for independence ... ) , but that 's because that 's how solidarity works in europe , or how we are supposed to want it to work . 
  i too understand almost 100 % some other romance languages , and while galician and portuguese are much closer than , say , catalan and castilian ... that does n't make it the same language . 
  it 's centuries of social and political differences that have built a different road for each society , thus reflecting it in their language . 
  as for the `` links '' ... that 's very personal , i 'm castillian but galician descendant , half my family is galician and it 's the second place i visit the most . 
  the way you put it it 's absolutely not the reality for me and my surroundings . 
  people in galicia do n't feel more attached to portugal than to spain . 
  a vast majority feel perfectly spanish and wo n't support firstly an independent state apart from their compatriots , and secondly getting annexed by portugal . 
  that `` link '' that you refer are sentiments and that 's personal , if you 've found people in galicia that feel more attached to portuguese than to spanish then they have their own personal reasons ... the same way others that feel more attached to spanish have theirs . 
  and the truth is , a vast majority of the galician population do n't feel more attached to portugal than to spain , because that would be reflected in the polls and in every election . 
  so , saying that you can understand almost 100 % the language does n't really add anything , i too can understand almost 100 % the catalans or valencians , but that does n't make spanish and catalan the same language . 
  and the `` links '' ... well , just look at statistics and polls and find out that sentiment is basically far from being a reality , nothing else . 
  galician and portuguese were a single language centuries ago . 
  today ... they are not . 
  we do n't need to discuss this politically , it 's what linguistics say . 
  galician and portuguese are brothers , sons of the same mother , not just the same person . 
  and that 's quite logical consider portugal is `` just '' ( not saying `` just '' to minimize it but to recognize the others ) another iberian nation like catalonia , galicia , castile ... etc , that obviously happens to be its own fully independent political entity , apart from the others . 
  i feel connected to the portuguese the same i feel connected to the catalans ( i.e. 
  a lot ) , but many portuguese people will tell me to fuck off anyway xd, 
  agreed . 
  this map is [ stupidly wrong ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3vridq/map_of_europe_if_all_separatist_movements_were/cxq4hh3 ) in so many levels . 
  this shitty map keeps getting reposted . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  there 's no independentist movement in arag\u00f3n or le\u00f3n . 
  there are regionalists and some people in le\u00f3n want their own autonomous community . 
  and that 's it .
