  i do n't know why we ca n't agree on a federation within a republic , it 's something many non-hardcore independentists could be convinced of actually . 
  especially the least nationalistic . 
  yes , then please present me that united europe and i would totally , absolutely sign that shit up !, 
  it 's not about trying to convince you , i was just pointing out that you do n't need to be in the same country for that . 
  so extremadura or andaluc\u00eda could still be `` stealing the moneys '' from the catalans in an independent catalonia within the eu ... if that 's how independentists call the redistribution of wealth . 
  you say that catalonia should be independent because the roussillon was taken in the tratado de los pirineos ? 
  i do n't see your point . 
  having artificial borders is not an excuse to create even more . 
  are you aware that 's how the eu works without being the same country ? 
  you do n't need to be in the same country to redistribute the wealth and help the poorer regions to try to be on par . 
  more than 20 % of the catalans do n't want the most spoken language in their land , spanish , to be an official language http://www.diariosur.es/nacional/201605/10/castellano-seria-idioma-oficial-20160510003750-v.html those are really retrogade people ... fucking hell . 
  being a different country does separate peoples ... that 's undeniable . 
  do n't you see i was being sarcastic and using the same sentence he used to refer to spanish media ? 
  guess what , catalan media is also spanish media xd, 
  like if `` official '' party positions were relevant ... 
  it 's what the people want . 
  an eventual federal spain is actually much more realistic than catalonia being independent . 
  and not because i 'm against ... but because catalans themselves do n't want to . 
  errr , no . 
  just like someone likes pa\u00efsos catalans do n't mean they want to subjugate the valencians . 
  you 're just trying to ridiculize my ideals by saying something i did n't say or think at all . 
  oh and for the catalans the spanish language is not a foreign language . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  as i said , we can all manage our own finances , in each federalized state , except for maybe defense and international representation . 
  that ** does ** make your people feel separated from the others . 
  look how much attention we pay to portugal and they 're basically the `` catalans that * made it * '' ... 
  i simply think that you criticize a lot la raz\u00f3n and shit like that ( exactly like i do ) but you also have your own `` abc '' and your own `` la raz\u00f3n '' shit like vilaweb , for example . 
  it 's a fucking pamphlet . 
  i do n't want that , i 'm a federalist and i would n't mind a confederation instead and devolving virtually almost all powers ... the thing is that i want to keep attached to the catalans , because i feel it 's also part of my culture , hence my opposition to independence . 
  many iberists in portugal . 
  many many more than in spain actually . 
  and nope , it 's an ideal , just like the us of europe . 
  it would be an ethnically , culturally and linguistically artificial border . 
  catalonia within iberia because we 're just the same people , it would n't make sense to be separated , of course  i did n't mean globalised world in a capitalist/economic point of view , only . 
  saying all the media is manipulated is exactly what you people critizice about other people telling you are being manipulated . 
  you just do n't want to see it because you 're being manipulated maybe ? 
  lol . 
  yes , it 's sarcasm , but it could be true in your very particular case so why not . 
  i do n't think wanting a united states of europe is the definition of nationalism . 
  ( not spanish nationalism at least ) on the other hand , for you to be a nationalist only need to pretend to create a new artificial border in western europe just because you feel more special in an increasingly globalising world . 
  i do wish luck to the catalans indeed . 
  i just ca n't wish luck to the independentist ones in their political agenda ... but for the rest of issues i 'll be there with them too  spain is part of catalonia the same degree catalonia is part of spain for most of us and that includes many millions catalans . 
  thanks , that 's what we really need , some luck to overcome this situation and remain united . 
  yeah , no , what makes no sense at all is the rubbish discourse of `` oh if 2 ppl vote out of 6 it 's still fair '' even if the other 4 are simply calling a bs process . 
  no , half of your population do n't want the independence , and many of that population wo n't even participate in one referendum , so wether you like it or not independence it 's simply not going to happen . 
  many people do n't recognize this shit . 
  if you are not willing to accept that time will do it for you , and you will just be highly frustrated for the years to come . 
  maybe try to bring up a better excuse next time rather than `` aspanya ens ruba '' and all the propaganda shit that was carried out in the first years of this crappy surreal process . 
  i still remember the `` adopt a extremenian kid '' shit . 
  you hardcore independentists are indeed hardcore fachas . 
  agreed , the catalan news outlets are not impartial and it is indeed laughable to think otherwise . 
  oh right, 
  i 'd guess we 'd rank near france & italy , i suppose . 
  as a guy i would only try to steal your machos . 
  telling someone to fuck off because you did n't get a joke and then me telling you that you were rude is not what i 'd consider `` pasarse tres pueblos '' , perdona que te diga . 
  why the hostility , though ? 
  we can just apologize and move on . 
  you can take it , just leave july and august for us so we can go to the beach and swimming pools . 
  ~ ~ correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't that how i said it ? ~ ~ nvm , got you now i fixed it :p, 
  have a happy national day . 
  and i 'm here sitting with 27\u00bac max . 
  temp . _ . 
  do you even get out of your mom 's basement ? 
  * espa\u00f1a / espanya / espainia * there , much better . 
  [ we enjoyed it for many decades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_breda_\\ ( 1624 \\ ) ) , the problem is that it got bored real fast . 
  if only you had the weed that time ... 
  felipe ii was a top notch king , it 's ok . 
  i 'll rate it 9.5 torrijas out of 10 . 
  ah , the ~ ~ weekly ~ ~ daily dosis of ~ ~ catalan ~ ~ independentist drama . 
  i was reinforcing your argument by pointing out that french , spanish ( incl . 
  catalans ) or italians have common roots and they 're really close to eachother . 
  it was n't meant to answer you actually , but rather to reinforce what you were saying to / u/iscreamcoke but you 're kind of rude . 
  i 'm sorry , can you repeat ? 
  i ca n't hear you from our score position up here in madrid xd, 
  we need more people like you in spain . 
  and , you know , that we are actually culturally/linguistically/ethnically all brothers and sisters in this corner of the world ? 
  i would n't stand too close or in one of the balconies just below the one from where they 're throwing it just in case lol, 
  i like that we 're the crown and great britain is ... the ... condom . 
  truly representing european history . 
  that 's the most stupid comparison i 've seen in my life . 
  the anglosphere shares a culture , and it 's not the same culture than the french , german , or spanish have . 
  spanish is also attached to far more than country/culture ... but it still does n't mean it 's a language that 's not biased towards the same framework ( spanish heritage , latin roots , catholicism ... etc ), 
  english is attached to a defined country/culture/people ... is not as neutral as you might think it is . 
  this is the main reason esperanto was created . 
  your balance of trade with spain is $ 7.8 billion ... 
  negative , but you still think you represent something to spain ? 
  you only represent piracy and barbarism , as we can see * once again * . 
  til there are actually british people that think they are sustaining the spanish economy . 
  they ca n't even sustain themselves as they pretend to be still relevant in the world ... and fail . 
  but yeah , british tourists are maintaining a 50 million developed economy ... lmao . 
  do n't make me laugh , smith . 
  hahahahaha , sure , sure . 
  we live off the tips from your people that actually prefer to live in our country rather than yours give to the waiters in the summer ... lol as i said , you 're nothing but a big joke . 
  so glad you 're fucking out , stinky pirates . 
  oh , yes , [ look how incompetent those spaniards are with their police ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imvschc9gna ) ... just shut up , and stop bringing fucking pricks to our country , we want them out , thank you . 
  on the contrary , when they go to france english fans are known for their well behaviour ... jesus christ , it 's always the same story with these english hooligans , it 's not something new . 
  and the same happens with polish ones . 
  if you 're trying to defend some hooligans then the problem is yours , not ours . 
  they deserved whatever shit they got . 
  and yes , the spanish police is one of the best in the world , thank you .
