  that should help you to understand when `` madrid '' should be used , and when it should n't , but you still do because it 's part of your thing . 
  denying this is like denying there 's a moon orbitting us . 
  it is used only in an international context , which is the part that you keep ignoring systematically . 
  we never use it for internal affairs , except if you 're a catalan independentist with a strong bias against spain . 
  you do n't say `` madrid has done '' if you live in andalucia , galicia or murcia . 
  because the usage you refer to is used in an international context , like you exactly say when speaking of capital cities . 
  it 's part of the crappy propaganda , or like mixing the opinion of almost 2 mil . 
  catalans with the entire population of 7 million . 
   everything madrid does hello , i 'm madrid , how are you . 
  jesus christ with all that nomenclature . 
  you do n't fucking say `` barcelona '' when refering to the generalitat . 
  you do n't even say `` catalonia '' when refering to what that stupid government does . 
  even up to stupid levels of pp 's government . 
  ah , yes , i forgot it 's part of the propaganda . 
  madrid starts with m. like mordor . 
  we could use that . 
  that should matter 0 fucks to your boss . 
  that 's not too difficult to find here . 
  it 's part of the `` apparence show '' where you have the latest iphone with a monthly wage that barely can pay one . 
  not falling into the ussr also helps . 
  but it 's more wealthy than e.e , like spain . 
  it does n't check out :(, 
   the ones who want to take his place are basically as centrists as ciudadanos , are n't they ? 
  they are n't indeed the most lefties . 
  thing is , pedro s\u00e1nchez was n't dethroned for being ` too ' leftie like corbyn . 
  pedro s\u00e1nchez is as cynical and manipulative as the rest , and it has been known that he said felipe gonz\u00e1lez that he will abstain in case rajoy presented itself with 170 `` yes '' in the parliament ... which he did , but psoe still voted no . 
  so felipe gonz\u00e1lez appeared in the radio two days ago saying he felt he was being lied to by pedro s\u00e1nchez . 
  and everybody thinks this was just part of the dethrone plot , lol . 
  it 's all a fucking mess . 
  as always , if there was something `` left '' from the left in the so-called socialist party was the fraticide fights xd, 
  yes , there will be , but right now they just dethrone p. s\u00e1nchez , you ca n't hold primaries within a day xd and there are rumors that say that he will be in the primaries . 
  it would be awesome if he won , lmao . 
  best trolling . 
  yeah , exactly that . 
  the internal fight was won by people that are ok letting rajoy form a government because they think that way they can rebuild the party in the opposition . 
  the main opponent to s\u00e1nchez , susana d\u00edaz , is not known for being in the most left part of the party exactly . 
  so austria too ? 
  the habsburg empire is back guise . 
  we will rekt you all like we used to !, 
  psoe is the big party on the left until 2014 . 
  to understand why it no longer represents the left for many spaniards you have to read a bit about [ the indignados movement in spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-austerity_movement_in_spain ) ( known as movimiento 15-m in this land ) . 
  podemos was born as a consequence of 15-m and the two main parties being unable to analyse and fix the population concerns . 
  right now the bipartidist system is absolutely shattered in spain . 
  we have three main political parties ( pp , psoe , podemos ) with 5 million votes each , except for pp that got 8 . 
  ciudadanos has around 3 million , also important , but they have n't get as many seats . 
  podemos is on the left of psoe , so they go a bit more to the core of the left-wing ideals . 
  sort of like syriza ( minus the euroskepticism ) before they turned what they hated about pasok and turned a pro-austerity party in fact . 
  right now podemos is only 300k votes away from psoe , and with this fracture in psoe it seems like psoe will suffer so much and probably split and lose many millions . 
  tl ; dr : psoe is an almost 140 year-old party that was beaten by a 2 year-old party . 
  psoe until very recently . 
  now they have to compete with podemos because a few millions out of their 5 million voters are socialdemocrats . 
  this is not true . 
  ok , sorry , not in the whole world ... just the tip . 
  quit lying , that 's not what alberto garz\u00f3n said , you just manipulated the title . 
  it says `` alberto garz\u00f3n 's party '' and you have worded it like it was said by himself . 
  you 're just a fucking joke . 
  because there are important socialdemocrat parties in most western countries . 
  and if psoe disappear or ca n't represent the socialdemocrats in spain anymore , other parties will do it . 
  so if someone ca n't tolerate a socialdemocrat party he/she has got a huge problem , might as well go to and stay in north korea or iran , good places for them . 
   there is a difference believing that their work and priorities are the right ones , and that the they are good while the other are evil . 
  `` they 're radical extremists '' , `` they want to transform spain into venezuela/greece/cuba '' , `` they are going to put the economy in danger '' ... so this is not `` we are good , the other are evil '' ... riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight . 
  you just have a double standard but you ca n't see it because of your sectarism . 
  i might be a left-winger but i can see when someone is being a sectarian , no matter what ideology is being defended . 
  ciudadanos do n't want a federal spain . 
  they want to keep it like this or even being more centralist . 
  political changes take a long time , this is not because it 's spain and we know you think it 's the worst place to be in the world . 
  but it just happens everywhere . 
  political changes take a long time , unless they 're done via not-so peaceful ways , because of a shock , or other variants . 
  as a madrilenian : ... . . thanks , i guess . 
  nah that was because the land was much more valuable . 
  syriza is the new pasok since tsipras won the anti-austerity referendum just to have even worse conditions with the eu and accept austerity altogether . 
  since then , podemos do n't even talk about them . 
  and it has been pp who has been exploiting it . 
  and / u/kaplani knew that . 
  he got the memorandum :3, 
  that 's literally exactly what the pp does when they talk about `` common sense '' and `` we 're what spain needs '' . 
  literally the same . 
  and it 's called politics and strategy . 
  nope , brexit did n't affect much . 
  the polls were wrong because podemos voters were so much open to share their option when asked . 
  that was one of the main reasons of why the polls failed so hard . 
  that 's your opinion ( and pp 's one , seeing how you use even the same words `` frankenstein government '' etc. 
  ) , but i have my own . 
  plus that 's not the dicussion at all : it was about what `` winning '' an election means in our current political regime . 
  pp was the first party in votes , but it clearly has n't `` won '' when they ca n't even reach a government with the support of a second main party . 
  being the most voted does n't mean you 've won the government automatically . 
  there 's a parliament . 
  he said * anything * . 
  and no , pp did n't win a majority in the parliament , which is what they need to actually win the government . 
  a psoe+p odemos + other parties sum could have bigger numbers than pp+c 's . 
  you people need to learn what does a parlamentary democracy means . 
  this is not a presidential regime . 
  even if that means anti-democratic measures . 
  fuck the commies . 
  yay !, 
  there were literally no polls that gave psoe 2nd position . 
  everybody but psoe was giving podemos the 2nd pos . 
  already . 
  it surprised everyone , including podemos and psoe themselves xd, 
   will ciudadanos do a sorpasso to the psoe as well ?
