  it 's true that many people are having very hard times and poverty ( in relative to spanish gdp per capita , which is not low ) it 's high , but that 's inherent to a world-wide/euro economic crisis in more countries . 
  merkel says it 's a no-no . 
  [ google translate version in english ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=es&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=es&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.lasexta.com%2fnoticias%2fsociedad%2fespana-gasta-950-millones-ano-alumbrado-publico_2015082200033.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) [ cities at night ] ( http://www.citiesatnight.org/ ) is an spanish project aiming to recollect a world map of photographs taken by astronauts from the iss . 
  same . 
  high five , montainous-country bro !, 
  ok , maybe barcelona has some . 
  but it 's like a 0.001 % of nl/dk levels . 
   living in a mediterranean country can make you hate 3-months 42c summers . 
  in spain you can pick other places where summer temps are much more reasonable without having to leave the country or having to exile to the mountains . 
  in italy i 'd say it 's more or less the same but because of the alps rather than the atlantic , so you 'd have to move to higher ground there i guess :p also the interior of spain and the north ( except basque country maybe ) are not so crowded . 
  actually castille is as densely populated as ... 
  lapland ! , minus the madrid-toledo conglomeration . 
  no , that 's just because the article is from a british news site . 
  * uh eah uh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang do do do do do do do do *, 
  this july has been the worst summer month i 've ever experienced . 
  temperatures have been extremely high for weeks , with only 2-3 days in the entire month of taking a break . 
  it 's been fucking annoying . 
  luckily now we seem to have better temps ( not more than 30\u00ba , or even around 25\u00ba during the day ) with occasional summer thunderstorms that are very welcome . 
  i hope it 's the end of the very high temps and they do n't come back in september before we finally get the so-deserved autumn . 
  the guy just wants to be dramatic from the comfort of his house . 
  cccp, 
  my thought exactly . 
  i do n't consider invasions , conquests or anything like that to be something to be proud of in today 's standards , but it 's great that we are now somewhat recognized for leaving a very strong and huge cultural heritage in the world , with one of the spanish languages ( castillian ) at least . 
  sure there are people from both france and spain going there for that reason , but that 's far from considering andorra a nation of smugglers . 
  i can only speak for andorra : there are a few towns , not just one in andorra . 
  they 're not poor ( higher gdp per capita than france or germany ) , smugglers ? 
  do n't think so . 
  and rednecked ? 
  woot ? 
  it 's a people with a mix of catalan and castilian ethnic groups , with a surprising amount of portuguese , and a minority of french too . 
  but that 's today . 
  in 1950 andorra was probably poor , like spain , but things changed ( like it did in spain ) . 
  because it 's not a joke and just how it is , or what exactly ? 
  he 's * partially * joking about greece being a german vassal , i think . 
  well i 'm talking about the early 1500s , when we still were * en pa\u00f1ales * in america ( they like to call it the americas here so let 's give them that , just do n't tell them we consider it a single continent or their brain will start to hurt ) . 
  in that time catalonia already had a strong textile industry competing with the flemish . 
  i will add something else : the industry that boomed in catalonia ( textile ) boomed because it required a crap-ton of water sources , and the interior of the peninsula was/is quite more dry , and this is one of the reasons as to why the castillian bourgeoisie invested in catalan soil rather than investing in castille itself , leading to obvious economic differences ( catalonia was the `` vanguard '' that competed with the low countries or lombardia ) . 
  it 's interesting to see how this still has consequences up to this day . 
  well it 's difficult to know since we 're just assuming that history did n't happen and it happened something else ... so hey , the `` could be \u00b4 s '' * could * even count barcelona as an hypothetic capital  and yes , the density in the meseta is very low indeed !, 
  but back a few centuries ago it was n't too crazy low compared with the rest of the powers , otherwise we would n't have colonized ( or had been a power at all ) a thing i guess . 
  also , lots of castillians moved to galicia , that was so densely populated for many centuries ( today 's having real demographic problems though ) . 
  also do n't forget madrid ( and also barcelona ) received an influx of people from extremadura and andaluc\u00eda in the 50s , 60s and 70s . 
  it is known . 
  but how does that make madrid different from any other city ? 
  every city has its history , and they do n't rain from the sky suddenly and people say `` oh , let 's settle here , there are some brand new houses , and it 's a big city ! '' . 
  cities are built , all of them , from scratch . 
  i mean , `` madrid , the artificially crated city '' , is literally the subtitle for every other city , in the world . 
  every city is `` created artificially '' , lol . 
  they do n't suddenly plop from thin air . 
  besides , if it was n't madrid , toledo would have remained the capital city and it would have been today 's madrid . 
  just with a much more interesting river rather than the frigging manzanares . 
  oh , and much better downtown probably ( i love toledo 's narrow streets and the mixture of the three main groups that populated our country : christians , jewish and muslims ) . 
   the artificially created city of madrid i did n't know the other cities did `` plop ! '', 
  and appeared back when there was no time , since they 've been there forever . 
  are you sarah palin and this is some sort of pro-creationist argument ? 
  lol, 
  that 's hardly a solution . 
  it 's more like a `` s\u00e1lvese quien pueda '' thing that even has some scary ethnic components of those that use it . 
  i doubt that 's what most spaniards want . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  the analysis is clear ... but what do we do ? 
  i do n't think tearing apart the country is the solution . 
  i think we need the catalans to make a big change in spain . 
  without them , we 're probably screwed for a few more decades . 
  this actually happened in the big cities . 
  just look at madrid 's local elections : psoe did n't win in a single district . 
  all districts that voted massively to psoe for decades voted for ahora madrid ( podemos + other minor parties ) and psoe happened to be an almost marginal political force there . 
  if you look at towns all around spain this did n't happen . 
  i 'd go as far as to say this is how it has been working always : changes happen first at the big cities , and then spread around the rest of the country . 
  so maybe that 's going to be a trend . 
  30 % of the * census * voted for them , i do n't think we can say spaniard people is pro-pp . 
  and yet they get a super-absolute majority . 
  it 's painful , but i also blame on people that stays in home instead of go voting , damn them . 
  you and me know that ulta-nationalistic independentists do n't recognize those as `` true '' catalans . 
  that 's something foreigners on reddit do n't know , among many other things . 
  they 're good at pushing their agenda though . 
  i 'll give that . 
  this is what happens when you are an ultra-nationalist . 
  you have to say you 're better than the others if you want to keep up the tale , or the idea of independentism through exceptionalism will just vanish . 
   the rest of your post is just a poor tu quoque argument which i 'm going to summarily dismiss . 
  they 're simply facts , you can ignore my comment and focus only on replying whatever you are more interested in but those facts wo n't change at all , even if that 's a poor attitude from your side that i simply also happen to ignore . 
  then that 's not a reason to split a country . 
  did you know that ciu , current party ruler in catalonia is a right-wing party too ? 
  plus they supported the pp government of aznar with their former leader jordi pujol , who by the way is immersed in a corruption scandal , like a big part of pp . 
  everything stays in the house ... 
  there are really not so many differences . 
  the thing with the pp it 's not an ethnic issue . 
  it 's a half spain vs half spain thing , like it has always been . 
  catalans are no superior beings that deserve to be free from those pesky spaniards . 
  catalans are just as plural and diverse than the rest of spanish nations and regions . 
  catalan , i like to speak it in madrid if i have the chance . 
  that 's stupid , i 'm left-wing leaning and 100 % republican , the flag of spain represents more than right-wingers and conservatives , it 's the flag of spain for many centuries . 
  it was franco that used it and changed the coat of arms . 
  i do n't care what others think when i 'm wearing its flair to be honest , the current rojigualda is perfectly fine , even when we become monarch-free . 
  i 'm sorry , you mean olivenza ? 
  ohh , just ask them but they probably will not understand you . 
  i laughed too loud, 
  that sound quality made me get a bull to kill myself though . 
  abolition now . 
  go to spain then .
