they 're not even allowed to participate in a non-binding poll . 
  wrong . 
  catalans , valencians , basques , galicians , romanians , south africans or hawaiians are absolutely free to participate in a non-binding poll in spain . 
  when you say `` they '' you mean `` the '' government of catalonia , which has absolutely no right to ask about the secession of spain . 
  one thing the catalan government could do is ask the national parliament to change the part of the constitution that says they ca n't hold an independentist referendum with public money from all the catalans ( both pro but also against independence ) . 
  interesting , and even readable !, 
  thanks . 
  basically 100 , which is the average for the oecd countries ... how 's that `` embarrassing '' ? 
  maybe it 's not the best , but really , it 's the average of the most developed countries in the world . 
  saying the average is embarrassing it 's offensive for those who ca n't even reach it lol :p, 
  i wo n't even try to read that ... lol, 
  i do n't play the victim game because i do n't give a damn about people downvoting me . 
  so stop saying i 'm trying to look like a victim or some crap like that . 
  what is scary is people trying to silence another legitimate political view . 
  there are people against catalan independence , and it 's not evil people that hate democracy or are right-wing pricks . 
  both from catalonia and also the rest of spain . 
  but i guess you already know that . 
  the systematic downvote to rational and respectful opinions against independence and ultra-nationalism in this thread or any other related to the single topic happening now in catalonia makes me sick . 
  do n't be afraid , go ahead , now you can downvote this , too . 
  when you say `` we '' you mean `` they '' ? 
  because i remember you said you borned and live in valencia and you were valencian . 
  did you move to catalonia and now consider yourself catalan instead of valencian ? 
  serious question . 
  same for spanish , and not just `` helena '' but also `` hel\u00e9nica '' : hel\u00e9nica -- la rep\u00fablica hel\u00e9nica . 
  it 's the official name of the state of greece in castillian . 
  well , because that 's what the spanish democratic/republican anti-fascist movement said during the 1936-1939 spanish civil war . 
  i did n't know that was known beyond spanish borders ( the `` no pasar\u00e1n '' thingy ) . 
  wow , i 'm positively shocked to see a '' \u00a1 no pasar\u00e1n ! '', 
  there, 
   i see lots of politicians and newspapers criticizing them but support for them keeps growing . 
  because they 're awfully stupid aiming their criticism towards the wrong aspects of the whole thing . 
  they are trying to see and analyze podemos the same way they do with other parties , but podemos is not like the other parties , that 's why it looks like a fucking tsunami ( some polls give them already more than 80 deputees ) . 
  if it keeps growing it 's because a lot of people seem not to understand what 's going on , and the only thing they have to say is that some of the members are lefties . 
  but that 's not the fucking point . 
  podemos is not about left or right and that 's the problem they have when they try to criticise it . 
  see this same thread how a dude thinks podemos is a communist party . 
  that 's just hilarious but also sad at the same time because of how is he missing it completely . 
   it 's like saying pp is what people want it to be . 
  i see now there 's where you got lost trying to analyze the whole thing . 
  pablo iglesias is one more among all the bases , and the fact that there 's people not understanding this is what feeds podemos ' expectations . 
  podemos will be whatever the citizens want it to be , not what you or me think that it is . 
  the fact that you think podemos is a communist party and would rule as one , does n't actually make podemos a communist party . 
  i 'm gon na play the galician card and answer you with another question : how is that relevant in my comment stating a fact that can be found in any history book ? 
  and in the case the answer is that it 's not ... would you be surprised or something ? 
  for that to happen `` again '' , there must be a `` first '' communist government . 
  which has not been the case for spain . 
  check again ( hopefully ) your history textbooks . 
  nobody in spain gives a damn about gibraltar being a colony . 
  only the tax heaven thing is what it 's fucking annoying to spain or any other civilized , sane country if they had one like gibraltar right in their courtyard . 
  well , i was under the impression it 's a bit more attached to the greek culture , actually . 
  but of course i 'm talking about the european member state of cyprus , excluding the northern part of the island ... 
  oooh , delicious :p, 
  well ... canary islands are geographically part of africa , but who would say that the people there , language , culture , politics , economy etc. 
  is african ? 
  absolutely noone , not even morocco . 
  cyprus is kind of the same . 
  that image there is mixing up geographic terms with political/cultural terms , so it 's wrong . 
  now , geographically we ca n't say turkey is not part of europe , but it 's not only a european country to me . 
  it 's also an asian/middle east one . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  absolutely nothing ... being the bridge between two continents or different cultures is a plus . 
  i do n't think you got what i mean . 
  that 's not exactly the definition of exclusive nationalism . 
  you are defending it 's the kind of nationalism that has no requirements to take part of it . 
  that 's good , but it 's not the kind of nationalism that allows you to disagree with . 
  in fact , there 's no nationalism in the world that accept that . 
  there 's no good or bad nationalism . 
  they 're all exclusive or inclusive . 
  and they 're all the same wether some people like it or not . 
  but that 's something pretty much everybody agree with . 
  noone wants to be isolated i think . 
  my point is it 's quite ironic to see it together . 
  nationalism is not a very inclusive idea and what i see there is nationalist flags , are n't they ? 
  did i just see a esperanto flag ? 
  :o nice !, 
  pd : seems weird to me ... mixing up an internationalist movement that seek union with a super exclusive and nationalist one . 
  i 'll make it simpler for you : most spanish people do n't really care if gibraltar is not part of spain . 
  they voted a couple of times , they are still a colony , and it 's up to them if they so chose . 
  what a lot of spanish people would say though is that they do n't want shit happening right in the backyard : a fiscal paradise standing right there and crying over every single thing that we do in spanish waters ( not even in what they consider `` their '' waters , i do n't mean that ) . 
  maybe you can understand what i mean that way , because what you said has no sense at all to me about what i 'm talking about . 
  no es a m\u00ed al que tienes que apuntar : / do n't feed the troll . 
  he 's actually following me through my comments on other threads , lol . 
  a bit young i 'd say . 
  you have a problem . 
  get that shit checked out , dude . 
  uhm ... / u/jogeid is right . 
  even the title seems to point that out corruption ** perceptions ** index but i guess * `` you wish '' * sounds much more convincing . 
  they do of course . 
  when i say `` most people '' i actually mean `` most spanish people '' . 
  and you say that based on ... ? 
  prejudges and nothing else . 
  of course there are - sadly - corrupt politicians in madrid , * too * . 
  most people do n't give a fuck about gibraltar 's sovereignity . 
  it 's something more like a stupid little kid screaming and being a fucking pain in the ass that 's being annoying . 
  the uk should focus a bit more on gibraltar , yes . 
  good job distorting the topic though . 
  well , i think there are still huge differences between west and east european countries regarding lgtb tolerance . 
  a lot of those countries are banning same-sex marriage via their constitutions while we legalize it here ( spain since 2005 , even before nordics ! ), 
  i wish we advanced together rather than going separate ( west and east eu ) . 
  of course respecting lgtb rights .
