  it 's better if you just ignore him : it 's not like someone with half a brain will buy the shit he takes out of his ass , as usual . 
  if you want his sources , try in hyper-subsidized * panfletos * ( propaganda ) like vilaweb , it 's ** even ** worse than la raz\u00f3n lol . 
  not even bothering to answer how stupid sounds `` having to send money '' ... like if it was that simple . 
  idiocy at its finest . 
   has it been talked about how the debt would be split up ; by gdp share , population . 
  or expenditure ? 
  of course not . 
  what did you think , that nationalists use rationalism or just something else than sentimentalism and false arguments to try to convince people ? 
  real scenarios do n't even exists for those people , it 's just `` everything will be better without spain '' . 
  [ go weeeest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sezogw_z9w0 ), 
  come on italy , it 's time already . 
  [ spain is the most tolerant country on earth regarding homosexuality . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/06/the-country-thats-most-accepting-of-homosexuality-spain/276547/ ), 
  and they claim they 're not spain . 
  how cute . 
  all this drama is the most spanish thing ever . 
  it does n't sound like the norm ... at all ( i 'm from madrid ) . 
  it 's christmas , not the time of a clown visiting us to make us laugh . 
  go back to your cave , tontito . 
  spaniards do n't think that way ... he does n't represent anyone but himself . 
  i think both are a bad thing . 
  a majority should n't be able to decide if a minority gets their human rights or not . 
  i think the way spain did it is better than how ireland did it . 
  obviously the slovenian one is even worse , considering a majority of people denied the rights of a minority . 
  not really , in spain we should be getting snow in many parts of the interior by now , and people ca n't ski yet in many places . 
  this is a non-winter winter :( i 'm afraid this one we wo n't see snow in madrid . 
  hopefully i 'm wrong . 
  the rich switzerland is the french aka latin part , buddy . 
  not really , no . 
  there are more cultural differences between a french-speaking swiss and a finn or a dane than the differences they have with their italian neighbours , or a spaniard . 
  so what you say makes no sense at all . 
  if switzerland is northern europe we are central . 
  -_- someone needs to go back to school and check geography again . 
  i mean , the beach , the mediterranean , baleares , barcelona ... all of that is cool and shit , but [ having the sense that you just arrived to the middle age , in an architectural sense ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exbjj9n.jpg ) , it 's just so fraking awesome ... [ this is not rome but segovia , spain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mwlk8iy.jpg ) . 
  the interior . 
  only the japanese know about it :p, 
  totally fine with those cunts being yuros :d as well as the canadians :d, 
  hell , if they can into eurovision ... 
  how ? 
  we 're growing more :p, 
   it does . 
  ah , so i 'm a catalan independentist ... and here i am , did n't have a clue !, 
  ... lol, 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  suck it italia !, 
  being a non statu quo supporter does n't make you an independentist . 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  i 'm not an independentist just because i want a different country , with a different regime ( i.e. 
  a republic ) etc. 
  etc. ... so no , not really , what you say is not true at all . 
  ada coulau is not independentist , the vote was a rebellious vote , and this is already said by herself in her facebook , back in the 9-n , the independentist protest , done by and for independentists , mostly . 
  podemos represent around 20 % of all voters , which is not far from pp ( 28 % ) and basically at psoe levels ( 22 % ) . 
  so it 's not a minority group at all . 
  also , you only account podemos voters as spaniards that want a different thing that what we have ... but even though psoe is an pro-establishment party , their bases ( ie most voters ) are federalist , republican and want a different spain . 
  sadly , that wo n't show up in the psoe 's leadership ... at least for now . 
  no she 's not . 
  i 'm on mobile now and ca n't provide sources at this moment , but she explained why she voted yes-yes ( rebel vote rather than indep . ), 
  and just a few days ago proclaimed that `` madrid can be our capital again '' . 
  so it 's clear , she is against statu quo , like most spaniards , but not pro-indep, 
  they want a referendum , not the independence . 
  they 're two different political stances . 
  you can be pro-referendum and be against independence at the same time , because you know ... democracy n ' shit . 
  podemos is pro-referendum , and it 's one of the reasons they are first option in catalonia and the reason why the confluences have been working . 
  podemos has got 69 seats , not 42 . 
  you have to add the different coalitions that they have formed in galicia ( en marea ) , catalonia ( en com\u00fa podem ) and valencia ( comprom\u00eds-podemos ) , so 42 +12 +9 +6, 
  we do n't know what the hell is going to happen at this point . 
  that 's everything . 
  welcome to spain, 
  psoe is second . 
  how disappointing . 
  if we add iu-up votes to podemos , they clearly have more votes than psoe . 
  at least rajoy wo n't be our next president . 
  hurrah !, 
   but madrid-barajas is more pleasant but more opressive !!, 
  :p i 'm just joking lol, 
  turnout is higher now in the second half . 
  looks like that 's the thing . 
  i reckon turnout will be much higher in the second half than in 2011 ... let 's hope . 
  old vs new politics , 
  i 'm quoting what they have said last night : that they will abstain if they 're in the opposition and if pp or psoe is first ... aka they will abstain if pp wins ( thus letting pp form a government indeed ) . 
  what you say is not a fact . 
  the only fact is what they said , that could be true or not ( who knows , they could vote against ... form a coalition ... or just do what they said they are going to do ... but it 's all opinion and speculation ) . 
  ciudadanos have said they will abstain so the winner can form a government if they are in the opposition ... so that means ciudadanos will abstain if pp wins and have enough seats to do it . 
  psoe+pp coalition is very unlikely , i would n't count with that . 
  iu-up has been critizing podemos lately , but it 's the only option they have to support ... so i do n't think they will vote ` no ' a podemos-lead coalition , but they will probably play hard ( like the cup in catalonia , i reckon ) . 
   and why are they only predicted to get 1-3 seats with 4 % of the vote , that seems a bit fucked up ? 
  that 's d'hondt for you . 
  exactly the same temperature in madrid that we had . 
  it 's crazy what i 'm going to say , but i want my balls to freeze already -_-, 
  thank you for your contribution , very insightful . 
  i just came back from the polling place !, 
  i 'm so hyped . 
  podemos looks like it 's going to surprise us all . 
  / u/slyratchet , friend , [ you should update the latest poll from andorra ... ;\\ ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/udmcwur.png ) [ bonus track ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lbgsmki.png ) . 
  first , i 'm from madrid but i have family all around spain and i really love the country 's diversity . 
  no , podemos is not pro-independence . 
  we ca n't say that some podemos-supporters are not independentists and/or nationalist , there could be a few indeed , but the party is clear : podemos supports a united spain , but it is in favor of the different spanish peoples ( catalans , basques , galicians ... etc. ), 
  to vote a different relationship with the rest of spain ( even up to independence , like the scottish referendum ) . 
  like they say , they 're in favor of `` we must decide everything [ aka direct democracy ] , and everything is everything [ including territorial topics like this ] '' . 
  i , myself , will vote podemos today , but i 'm strongly against independentism because i love the catalans , the basques , the galicians or the castilians too much to see them splitted .
