  only for that i 'd say spanish health care is better . 
  oh , and waiting lists . 
  that 's our thing . 
  we believe everything ca n't be worse in spain despite having the rest of the world thinking otherwise . 
  we do n't need external enemies , we just hate and kill ourselves from time to time . 
  oh man , not every rectangle-shaped country can achieve that . 
  ** you have no fucking idea ** . 
  there are people with their father , grandmother or other very close relative dead body in somewhere in a mass grave in the middle of nowhere , and they still ca n't find . 
  the government does n't help , only the socialist government tried to do something but it was afraid of the right-wing and the church . 
  so long ago ? 
  when did you think this happened ? 
  500 years ago ? 
  you 're an imbecile . 
  look at this and learn something for the first time http://mapadefosas.mjusticia.es/exovi_externo/cargarinformacion.htm, 
  start speaking a proper language then , cojones . 
  i need to see the good part of everything . 
  at least this kind of shit will serve as purpose for a more unified/federalized yurop . 
  i really wanted to see that madrid-lisbon hsr line :( going from madrid to lisbon in train is painful . 
  there 's only one train operating it and it takes around 10 hours ... like ... nice ~ ~ turtle ~ ~ traintle you 've got there , renfe . 
  honestly i do n't see that happening . 
  politicians from regions that still do n't have ave are promising to push to get it because it 's just popular . 
  i doubt most people consider it a wasteful investment - empty airports sure , but no the hsr . 
  even the leader of ciudadanos had to go back over his words saying that they would cut spendings there . 
  or had to smooth it somewhat after the initial criticism . 
  as i pointed out in another comment , i 'm not saying it 's bad . 
  expensive does n't mean it 's bad . 
  big investments are expensive but they should pay off . 
  i do n't think the ave network is going to be an exception . 
  not really , it 's one of the biggest/the most spending programme in any western european country . 
  i do n't say i 'm against ave. 
  i was simply pointing out that the spanish network must be one of the most expensive and with the most difficulties ( in terms of geography and the like ) . 
  some people still believe this is a poor country though . 
  this map with topographic data is perfect to see how a vast an expensive high speed network can be even actually painfully expensive because of steep terrain , mountain ranges and mesetas ... look at spain ... all the money invested there can only be compared with china 's high speed network , since it 's the only one ahead of the spanish in kilometers . 
  we might have no jobs but we do enjoy our fucking trains ... [ except when they go nuts ] ( http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/18uycctmus4khgif/k-bigpic.gif ) . 
  but look at serbia though . 
  it has straight rail lines of all rail companies . 
  so good . 
  do they ask you for that in the ceuta/melilla border or any other place in spain ? 
  just curious . 
  so like in spain . 
  but needs more mesetas, 
  heh , because colombus origin has n't been discussed and disputed * at all *  and even if the italian hipothesis is true it still does n't matter . 
  half of italy and part of the other half has been under spanish rule anyway ;p, 
   an italian explorer xd, 
  if you divide the continent east/west , spain is at west . 
  if you divide the continent north/south/east / west , spain is at southwest , and you do n't mix spain ( and the rest of iberia ) with the balkans while keeping southern france blank in the middle ... because then it 's not a geographic division anymore ( if you selectively remove france from there ) . 
  it 's simply as thinking what constitutes a western country being a western country , and spain fullfils all the requirements : including the geographic one ( ahem , spain and portugal are the westernmost part of the continent ... ), 
  oh well , sorry then , but your flair says catalonia :p, 
  continent * we 're talking about cristobal col\u00f3n , after all . 
  well iberia is southern , southwestern to be more precise , but that iberia is part of western europe ( in all its meanings ) is basically a fact . 
  except if you tie france to western europe in a culturally sense and exclude spain from that you 're excluding spain for no reason . 
  same goes for italy , except italy is geographically a bit more ` centered ' . 
  iberia is part of western europe in all its possible meanings , just like it 's southern ( southwestern , to be more precise ) . 
  it 's hardly deniable . 
  come on , you 're in catalonia , how on earth can you complain ? 
  look at almer\u00eda , murcia , valencia or even madrid !, 
  i want moar raaain . 
  spain was a democracy back then and looks like you did n't even know that the democratic regime of the second spanish republic saw right-wing governments , too , and also centre-left . 
  thanks pre-wwii uk and france governments , stablished democracies , for ... nothing at all . 
  except letting a fascist take the power in your democratic neighbour . 
  i think he was just asking for a beer . 
  that 's cute . 
   it is by far the most beautiful of the eruopean languages lol, 
  democratic does n't mean unpredictable ... 
   there remained the struggle in catalonia . 
  at no stage in the war had there been a unanimous or even majority support for archduke charles ( charles iii ) in the principality , but the existence of a rebel group inside the province , together with a superior allied military and naval presence in barcelona , forced many towns to decide -- often reluctantly -- for the archduke 's cause . 
  [ 157 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_spanish_succession wikipedia , stop looking like an idiot !, 
  the later part of war of the spanish sucession in catalonia and barcelona had little to do with catalan nationalism . 
  it was about the supressing of fueros ( privileges and laws ) in the crown of aragon more like , and that 's important if you really care about monarchs and still believe that today there 's an absolute monarchy in the `` kingdom of castille '' ... ugh . 
  today 's nationalism has nothing to do with what happened in 1714 , and you know that . 
  stop trying to depict history like it was the struggle of a people against the pesky castillians . 
  it just was n't . 
   so if a majority of pro-independence candidates are elected , why should n't catalu\u00f1ia declare independence ? 
  are you aware there 's a discrepancy between the total number of people that want independence and the representatives that are elected ? 
  this is because of d'hondt electoral law , and it makes independentists parties today have more representation . 
  so actually a 50 +1 independentists party win in the parliament does n't mean an independentists vote win in the polls , which show that the unionists have an advantage of 7 % , according to the catalan government ( pro-independence ) itself . 
  and this could be very well what happens ... even if not a majority in catalonia want independence . 
  so here 's a good enough reason not to do this : the majority of people is against . 
  an actual referendum should fix that , and even if the pro-independence crusader / u/aleixasv tell you they wo n't allow them , new parties and more people is pushing it in the rest of spain . 
  the main problem in this thread and subreddit about this topic is that pro-independentists comments are taken like the objective truth , which it is n't . 
  1714 was n't the year catalonia stopped being independent , try asking / r/askhistorians ... but then they would come up with `` they 're brainwashed !! '', 
  nationalists are just obnoxious . 
  it does have them ... 
  in there different languages ( english , spanish , greek ) . 
  try to enable them in the youtube player . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 they happened 2000 years ago and they are now * still * the pillars of our civilizations . 
  yes , please . 
  do it . 
  believe it or not , just like spanish : it is also heavily germanized ( from goths , vandals , suevii and more ) . 
  french is latin too . 
  uuugh , come on , germany . 
  be nice . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ laughing ^ ^ ^ hard, 
  maybe you consider aragonese being castillians too in the xv century . 
  because the kingdom of navarre took part of the crown of aragon even before the crown of castille . 
  but considering the crown of aragon being also a castillian thing is the less noteworthy thing in your speech when comparing to the suggestion that all the people in that time , mostly peasants and veryt humble people were terribly evil and imperialists . 
  imagine if they had rulers as kings that were related to eachother because of family relations in the iberian kingdoms ... can you imagine such a thing ? 
  or that things like nationalism did n't even exist as we know it today . 
  but yeah , fuck the spanish , it 's all brainwash . 
  lol you 're just a joke , not even challenging .
