  this is horrible . 
  this is europe . 
   the center we do , but they 're not serious . 
  and when i mean that we do i mean we do have noticeable enough ones , ranging from 2.5-2 .7 to even up to 3.1-3 .2 . 
  also , remember there 's activity in the northeast as well , near the pirineos . 
  leave italy alone ( \u0ca5 \u2038 \u0ca5 ), 
  take care italibros d :, 
  where does it says reddit is an american community ? 
  this is the internet , does n't matter where are the servers located . 
  it 's international . 
  spain stronk . 
  honestly i do n't know about that difference between spain and greece , but i do consider spain to be open-minded ... look for example at homosexuality acceptance . 
  basically top country in that regard . 
  top levels of standard and quality of life ? 
  check . 
  one of the highest life expectancy ? 
  check . 
  top levels of safety and lowest levels of homicide rates ? 
  check . 
  best climate and extremely good and diverse gastronomy ? 
  check . 
  social , open-minded society that do n't think only about their arse ? 
  check . 
  acceptable levels of wealth , first-world infraestructures , public access to health and education ? 
  check . 
  what * else * do you need in life ? 
  no bastion pls . 
  need l\u00facio . 
  pick second tank ploxx, 
  say what you want , this is the better place to live in and develop your life . 
  alright , interesting story ... hope you doing fine . 
  good luck . 
  is it one of those `` i 'm 1/1564th irish ! '', 
  claims that americans make or you really have spanish culture , language etc. ? 
  :p not trying to sound rude or anything , but i do n't really treat `` spanish '' as an ethnic group . 
  it 's hard to set a spanish ethnic group , it 's easier to include it in the iberian-southwestern european group , since catalans and basques for example are n't exactly the same ethnic group than castillians , although the first and the last are extremely related , while basques are a bit different , especially with their unique language . 
  do you have the nationality ? 
  just curious . 
  about your flair : are you a spaniard in cuba or a cuban in spain ? 
  why do they say `` anti-immigrant party '' when they mean `` far right party '' ? 
  is it worded that way so they look better in regards to their actual shitty fascist ideology ? 
  there is much more legislation than just that , you also have to make sure those couples will count as such for many other purposes where the state has no 100 % control , and that is done via legislation . 
  also , remember adoption is quite an exception , being spain the first country in the world that passed a really complete law regarding this . 
  even before the netherlands or other similar advanced countries . 
  yeah , spanish pp also accepted gay marriage very recently . 
  it only made sense . 
  but even other western countries like italy are still lacking . 
  well , that 's only true for some of us western european countries ... not even for all european countries you can say that . 
  remember the mainstream right-wing party in portugal is called psd ( partido social democrata ) . 
  laughable . 
  podemos economic policy is exactly the same , letter by letter , to what psoe and other european centre-left parties used to ask barely 20 or 30 years ago . 
  and nobody was screaming commies are coming !, 
  whenever they spoke what they wanted to do . 
  things have changed , a different kind of ideology has won , and now everything that defies it has to be considered evil , and has to be compared with the worst regimes , as if the current situation did n't already brought some of that misery to many many people in the bottom . 
  stop with the bullshit , no one is stupid enough to want to emulate venezuela , podemos prefer to emulate sweden or denmark ( sans their laboral market laws regarding flexisecurity ) . 
  there are at least 5 million spaniards that are n't buying that kind of shit you 're throwing around , because spain does n't have 5 million chavists . 
  you can visit spain while you 're at it :p, 
  i think it 's more a paris thing in my own experience , southern france is much better imo . 
  honestly it 's a bit of education , more like anything else . 
  you do n't need to start any conversation , just greeting because ... you know , you just entered the shop and you 've encountered other people . 
  greeting randomly is the most efficient way to not make an awkward moment i guess , being natural and a human person with social and communication abilities xd, 
  the french o.o, 
  that 's why it 's like that in the coolest parts of the continent ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ), 
  you do n't have to greet someone in particular , you just say `` good morning ! '', 
  looking at no one in particular . 
  most of the time even other customers greet you . 
  this is very common in small shops in spain , but of course do n't do that when entering a very big and crowded place like a big mall , lol . 
  and if you say nothing it 's not a superbig issue anyway . 
  fucking txakoli killed my mother and raped my cattle . 
  in spain the centre-left represented by psoe is not considered `` left '' anymore for many . 
  sure it 's progressive in social policy , but in the economic side many people consider them to be absolutely lost today . 
  that 's why podemos has 5 million votes ... obviously not a minority . 
  and this : \u00a1, 
  wondering at what kind of schools and high scools you guys went . 
  badminton is played by kids there , especially girls , and also in gymanstics class . 
  absolutely not an unknown sport in spain . 
  we do n't have a proper government right now , and there 's political turmoil . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the reason . 
  otherwise it makes no sense . 
  italy and spain are too big to fall . 
  they 're the third and fourth biggest economy in the eurozone with over 1 trillion euro gdp . 
  if they fell , the eu would be screwed . 
  greece represents around 2 % of the economy . 
  spain alone represents almost a 10 % . 
  remember our `` presidente del gobierno '' is translated as prime minister . 
  we do n't have a ~ ~ presidencialist ~ ~ presidential regime . 
  or she ... 
  we just call it `` puente de agosto '' . 
  they need to update this . 
  we just got our second gold , 
  iberia is suffering : c, 
  i mean it 's common sense that when something like this happens your neighbour is there to help , because the fire wo n't stop at the imaginary border . 
  actually we are fucked up in galicia too . 
  that precious green is burning . 
  it would be nice . 
  just curious but does n't guterres come from the castillian surname `` guti\u00e9rrez '' ? 
  edit : downvoted by some idiot for asking something ... nice . 
  every place has ac, 
  some [ photos ] ( https://twitter.com/infodeporte2015/status/760577853058588677 ) . 
  [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.es/maps/place/platja+d'aro,+gerona/@41.8140605,3.0472039,14z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x12bb00c36b122b5b:0x3f95407621aea9ac!8m2!3d41.8179488!4d3.0668559 ) of the place ( it 's actually ~ 30km away from gerona , the province capital ) .
