  freak . 
  if you do n't understand the difference between killing an animal to feed yourself and killing an animal for the show ... the problem is yours , not mine . 
  i ca n't fix it for you , sorry . 
  bitch please . 
  we know , [ we rekt them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_las_navas_de_tolosa ) and they had to move from western europe completely afterwards . 
  otherwise spain and portugal would be a fancy islamic republic with their shitty culture against women and gay people or some shit like that today . 
  we kind of saved the westernmost side of the continent and ourselves at one time . 
   you do n't need to eat meat . 
  actually , yes , you do . 
  unless you want your children to have several health problems in the future . 
  if you criticize vegetarians do n't act like a fucking vegan afterwards . 
  killing for food ! = killing for fun . 
  we did it [ before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lepanto ) cervantes participated in that battle btw . 
   meanwhile , while catalonia did put a bit more of an animal defense argument in 2009 , according to some it was simply to `` cut ties with spain '' ; independence and all . 
  someone has told you this and you have simply swallowed it like a champ . 
  but it 's simply not true . 
  catalonia banned bullfightning with a law that protected animals ... while protecting their own torture-activites against bulls that are identified with the catalan identity , correbous . 
  it was a politically oportunistic decision and they made it very clear with the decision that left their own torturing games untouched . 
  in fact , it 's been months and even years since the catalan government has been acting like this . 
  it 's the ultimate proof that the catalans are spaniards as fuck . 
  it 's in the north ( navarra ), 
  that 's what we say ( no es cultura , es tortura ) . 
  have you ever heard of pamplona ? 
  nah , almost every town in spain has corridas , sadly . 
  but the general opinion is starting to say loud and clear that we are tired of that shit . 
  even among conservadurists . 
   accepting truth except it 's not . 
  ok then , but shut up and fix my pipes you uneducated plumber , because you 're a poor eastern that ca n't speak the native language of the country you 've emigrated to . 
  see how stupid sounds ? 
  that 's you . 
  your `` reasons '' are not reasons . 
  those are wrong myths and bad clich\u00e9s repeated over and over again . 
  like in the north people are suicidal and do n't enjoy life and everyone in the south is laid back/lazy and do n't want to work at all . 
  well , i tell you what ... it 's not * remotely * true . 
  unemployment is the only truth statement in your comment . 
  tourists are only annoying in some very specific areas ( like that one town in baleares or some streets in barcelona ) . 
  the others ... please just do n't make shit up . 
  spain is probably ** safer ** than almost any northern country in crime and with a comparable or even higher expectancy and quality of life . 
   waste disposal problems wtf ? 
  do you think we throw our shit to the pavement in the streets or what ? 
  this guy , lol . 
  if you take uk out ( because brexit ) not just italy covers a much greater role but also spain and even poland as well . 
  i see . 
  i guess that comes with a much higher humidity than madrid for example . 
  the meseta central is quite ok humidity-wise , luckily . 
  i 'm curious but how 's life there ? 
  how do you see europe/spain ? 
  it 's amazing to see a moroccan in this subreddit . 
  should n't ( most of ) morocco be used to that during the summer ? 
  also , the winds that come from you guys are killing us ... pls stahp sending em . 
  your version was a ported version of ours . 
  remember our empire was global before yours went global . 
  well , i meant for the economic situation overall . 
  i was n't assuming that greece was selling off its islands in order to keep up . 
  it 's funny ... but also sad y' know ? 
   it 's hot again tell me about it . 
  we 're on orange alert in the centre with expected max . 
  temperatures of 42\u00bac ... 
  i ca n't imagine the temperatures in the valleys of the south , guadalquivir and others . 
  pls autumn , come soon . 
  what are the troublesome countries ( for them ) ? 
  well , let 's try to imagine for a moment that le pen wins , they hold a referendum and france vote exit ... we have the uk and france now out of the eu . 
  what 's left ? 
  germany , spain and italy as `` big three '' , and probably poland too , which would gain some more relevance due to the eu shrinking ... it 's already sad that the uk is out of the project just to imagine that a country with the relevance of france could do the same . 
  i guess i will no longer have faith in it and will probably push for an iberian union alone . 
  a less sexy name for an ebola-like virus . 
  otegi has been part of eta `` politico-militar '' ... so yes , otegi was an eta member . 
  he has kidnapped people . 
  he was a terrorist . 
  this is not `` right-wing propaganda '' ... these are facts easily reachable for anyone , in many sources , in english , french , spanish or basque , on the internet . 
  he could have changed his mind , and that 's why many abertzales like him , but he admitted on an interview that he will not condemn because it would be seen as defeat . 
  he still uses that disgusting eta language where there was no terrorism but just an equal fight ... like they had to defend themselves ( by extorsion and shooting at people in their heads , from their backs ) because there was no other choice . 
  our politics have changed completely since the crisis , because it was n't just an economic crisis , but also political and institutional . 
  so our de facto biparditism system just broke and now we have 4 big political parties instead of two , which takes some time to adjust to the situation ... for the parties . 
  the people have adjusted already , that 's why we keep voting the same ( not going back to bipartidism ) . 
  suck it-aly \u2665, 
  the 25th is also important , indeed the night of 24th is the more important one , but in the 25th you also gather with your family at lunch time and have another important , family meal . 
  plus it 's another gifting date ( besides january 6th which is the most important one for this ) for kids and to spend the time with them , especially if they 're very young . 
  i mean , it 's not like spanish gypsies make an effort to integrate precisely , and it 's been 500 years already . 
   90 % of them do n't even let their daughters continue in school and they arrange marriage as soon as 14 or so . 
  they have their own laws and do n't usually respect the country 's . 
  they are most of the time incredibly dishonest about everything . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think arab people are a problem in spain . 
  quite the contrary , in most cases i 've seen . 
  well , we had a vast empire , if you look at the data you 'll see the big chunk comes from our ex-colonies ... so that 's why we are a bit more easy . 
  the whore of yurop if you like , but with a good ol' imperial reason . 
  most of them stay . 
  moroccans in spain usually stay in the country and adapt with no big issues . 
  that 's cheating , yo ^ ^ i ^ ^ shall ^ ^ choose ^ ^ andorra ^ ^ then . 
  the irony here is if you were talking about islam and their buildings being payed by every contributor you would have hundreds of upvotes in here instead . 
  fuck every religion , and every hypocrite . 
  this is what they did in spain with the called `` aede tax '' ( canon aede ) and things did n't work for them , gladfully . 
  but sadly , there are no signs that they will send this law to where it belongs : the trash bin . 
  [ google news closed in spain ] ( https://support.google.com/news/answer/6140047#english ) ... http://blogs.elconfidencial.com/tecnologia/homepage/2016-08-27/google-news-canon-aede-europa-internet_1251611/, 
  a triple zero of a dumb king . 
  i ca n't speak for italy but in spain it 's not very few . 
  it 's extremely common to opt for university rather than other technical grades ( formaci\u00f3n profesional ) . 
  the university is massified , in a good sense . 
  but yet i 'm one of those that chose ( this time , very few , yep ) to go the in-between route ( formaci\u00f3n profesional ) . 
  i started my practices and stayed in the same company , now working for them ,
