  i know it 's a joke , but : no . 
  not at all , this is / u/aleixasv that we 're talking about . 
  it 's the guy , not the catalan people . 
  but for a delusional like this one the problem `` it 's yours '' and `` the spanish trolls '' whenever he gets downvotes ( like if the spanish were the only ones downvoting him ... or like if a spanish person was n't able to agree with whatever he has to say ) most catalans are just normal , and by most i mean the independentists * too * . 
  that 's why the french beat us . 
  very slightly , but it 's there . 
  please bring hawt portuguese guise instead . 
  we can `` fight ''   , 
  and paella spanish ... 
  i 'm going there now , bitch . 
  i 'm literally refering to your own sources ... do you want me to link your own links ? 
  http://www.lavanguardia.com/local/madrid/20160224/302395918353/cifuente-madrid-arrebatar-mobile-congres.html this is the president of the autonomous community trying to bid for wmc ... not the central government trying to `` steal '' barcelona 's congresses . 
  do you even understand this ? 
  it 's your frigging link . 
  you posted it . 
  ecuador or morocco are also sunny and cheap , but they 're not the 5th . 
  not madrid ( in abstract ) . 
  the autonomous community of madrid . 
  the central government ( based in madrid ) does fund and support barcelona 's wmc . 
  you 're playing with the words . 
  you 're not objective . 
  you never were , you never are . 
  people already know you here and do n't buy your political agenda , 
  are you even aware when you refer to `` madrid '' most people think of the central gov. 
  because that 's how you depict it ? 
  and that the central gov. 
  is actually financing the barcelona 's mwc ? 
  it 's not just ridiculous ... it 's just simply yet another fallacy . 
  of course autonomous communities compete for their shit , but you are not even trying to hide that the central gov. 
  is the one ( together with bcn and the generalitat ) funding it . 
  surely the central gov. 
  is also against barcelona 's big to one of the eu institutions that will be moved from london ... except it 's the most interested . 
  quit the bullshit and the false photograph . 
  you said that madrid steals barcelona 's congresses . 
  that 's ... ridiculous lmfao you simply do n't know what to say besides the usual mantra that keep saying again and again . 
  lol, 
  fallacy : being pro-independence does n't mean you think `` spain steals from us '' . 
  do n't use fallacies to try to debate , please : /, 
  sure , everything madrid does is substracting barcelona 's money , congresses , international projection ... you guys are terrible , no one outside catalonia ( and inside , most ) believes that anymore , because it 's simply false . 
  even the independentism movement itself has been moving away from those arguments since 2012-2013 ( they have been saying the `` spain steal us '' motto is just untrue ) . 
  but you redditor independentist crusaders keep trying , lol . 
  of course we are better and stronger together , and it will be like that for the years to come , 
   any economic rational approach will confirm how badly barcelona suffers from this `` strong combination '' ... 
  except this is simply untrue . 
  but why do you consider it to `` react so badly '' when we are simply telling you that basically no one uses that demonym to refer to castille and leon ? 
  we 're not franco yelling at you , we 're simply pointing out that no one in castille and leon would say `` old castille '' ( maybe what , 500 out of 2 million ? 
  ) , and that it sounded like a political statement because of the whole `` blarrrgggh , fuck spain because is not real , castillians are evil that occupied the rest of the peninsula , blarrgghh '' thing . 
  not even the `` castillians '' themselves consider themselves like that ... they usually refer to themselves as their more regional/local places ( salmantinos , toledanos , madrile\u00f1os ... etc ) . 
  people and cultures evolve ... we ca n't use `` castillians '' like the old fashion way because it 's very difuminated now . 
  just like the `` historical region of castille '' is . 
  not really , catalonia is also heavily benefitied from being part of spain . 
  denying this is like saying the eu does nothing but substract money for its institutions , and that brussels is like mordor . 
  that 's not the whole picture , just like that argument is not the whole picture of how spain works at all . 
  no one can say that catalonia being independent = it will be much better . 
  it could be ... ... or not , because there are many cons as well on leaving spain and the eu just afterwards . 
  you 're simply leaving the `` it will go well '' to the sentiments , the feeling , your nationalistic views ... and not much else . 
  because we rock , of course . 
  i mean we are 5th being only the 30th most populous country and the 12th biggest economy in the world . 
  not a bad position at all . 
  also interesting position for portugal as well . 
   completely unlikely , and then ...  `` castile and leon '' and `` castile-la mancha '' are modern inventions who do not accurate reflect the historical sure buddy , sure ... not a political statement . 
  madrid + barcelona combined is where is at #strongertogether, 
  that 's because spaniards do n't use `` old castile '' or `` new castile '' for many decades , maybe ? 
  i was going to share this . 
  what about portugal or sweden ? 
  or you just call them corrupt because you have no fucking idea what you 're even talking about ? 
  i knew it was that anyway . 
  i miss the winter already :|, 
  like if he was relevant in the cyclical nature of the job market in spain . 
  the definition of ignorance , mixed with crappy stereotypes , and `` what other redditors say '' right there . 
  i doubt it . 
  this was used mainly by british media alone . 
  not something the average american would see or hear . 
  your point being ... ? 
  what does this crisis have to do with being a poor or undeveloped country ? 
  spain has passed through an economic crisis ( and many many more before ) , not that that has changed the country from developed and highly advanced economy to a poor one . 
  you should probably read more ( and will understand that acronym is quite derogatory and not being used anymore , not even by the financial times ) . 
   in the beginning of the 90 's portugal had to import 80 % of the olive oil for consumption and now we produce to reach our needs and export ? 
  do you know why ? 
  spaniards start to buy olive terrains in alentejo and modernized the industry  i totally did n't know that , but we should definitely work together much more closely . 
  i do n't think a confederation is possible today but that 's my dream . 
  and the best healthcare systems , family care , `` live and let be '' , homosexual tolerance ... we are top notch irm\u00e3o . 
  i do n't think some people understand what a poor country is . 
  definitely not spain btw . 
  since when the civilized , much more technologically , politically , economically advanced roman empire existed to boost the economy of some backwards barbaric tribes ? 
  why did n't you love canada before this , cazzo !, 
  well you compared one of the poorest regions of spain ... a better comparison would be toledo or valladolid and any interior medium-to-big french city . 
  in living standards ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you are probably talking about gdp per capita charts alone . 
  but standard of living between france and spain is not very different . 
  on average , obviously : you can also find more impoverished areas here and there , including in france , although i have to say they have less differences in that regard ( in the sense that there 's not as big north/south or north-interior-east vs south-west clearly division as we have in spain ), 
  yay , thanks for madrid , my brothers . 
  i feel bad for germany especially , though . 
  yes , i mean , there are differences , of course . 
  just saying that they 're not noticeable for someone coming from a poor or underdeveloped country , as example . 
  and of course we have that unemployment problem still ... although i hear in france it 's above 10 % and it 's kind of a huge number for the french economy ( a 10 % here would be like your 2 % or 3 % lol ), 
  are you from my neighbourhood ? 
  there 's barely any difference between spain and france 's living standards ( i 've been some time to france so i could corroborate it myself . 
  we 're pretty , equally awesome ) .
