  good thing brexit is happening . 
  oh yes , because the spanish police went there , and started to provoke the bunch of relaxed , non-drunk , absolutely docile english fans that were just chilling there like the rest of visitors that come to spain , contrary to those crazy japanese tourists that started vandalizing the plaza mayor in madrid . 
  lol you 're a joke . 
  what are you even talking about , i 'm talking about the idiots that come to spain and start vandalising our city centres . 
  but i 'm seeing you 're just as stupid . 
  every country has idiots , but i do n't remember any spaniards doing this when they visit the uk , and we do a lot . 
  ai n't a punishment . 
  they love that shit . 
  i heard that 's how picardo came to power . 
  is ... is that the capa espa\u00f1ola ? 
  no wonder why the black legend exists . 
  anyone seeing us with that thing would automatically think we are villains . 
  there 's something beautiful on this picture . 
  can you imagine their faces when someone tells them those are not fokin ' free ? 
  ps : can we consider this an act of piracy ? 
  lol, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7quxkirnx3i ) is the pinnacle of the mexican-spanish ( and european , by extension ) relationship . 
  does n't sound unfamiliar to european ears , actually . 
  i do n't know much about current-day south africa . 
  how are things going over there ? 
  and they 're rarely legitimate before it even happens . 
  but that was n't what i meant . 
  my point is that either the central government or the constitutional court in spain wo n't allow a referendum against the constitution itself . 
  i 'm not saying anything different from what the law says . 
  if you are a seer and you ** know ** the law will change in time for the referendum ... then ok . , 
  we say `` we 're not portugal '' , sadly . 
  and france would say `` we 're not spain '' , like hollande actually did xd it 's sad . 
  this is europe today ... wish we had a better one . 
  i hope it comes soon . 
  to be honest , spain still looks like everyone wants to separate from each other , and that 's simply missleading . 
  it 's true about galicia , basque country and catalonia ( and each with to its own degree , in galicia for example the party in power is a nationalist one ... centralist , nationalist pro ` current-day spain ' , that being said ) . 
  nothing else . 
  the rest are basically minoritarian regionalist parties and that 's about it . 
  and i would n't paint catalonia and scotland with the same color . 
  scottish referendum is going to happen because it has been established by law , under the current united kingdom , whilst the catalan referendum is not something official at all : the regional government simply ca n't do it since they do n't have any legal authority and the central government has n't done the same as cameron did with the scottish case . 
  you are not a true german if you 're not worried about inflation ( :p ), 
  the central government will try to avoid it at all , the question that both parties , pro and against independence is wondering is ... how . 
   when it comes to spain , and partly for france , it 's british retirees , who thus do n't leach on the welfare state data shows the contrary . 
  only [ 21.5 percent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_migration_to_spain ) of the british population in spain are over the age of 65 . 
  half of spain ? 
  they talking about those brainless on telecirco ... please do n't manipulate , this is galicia 's day and we are all with the galegos . 
  do n't be silly . 
  we clearly need to get rid of the little reminiscences left of our industry and we 'd be ready to go . 
  ~ ~ 69 ~ ~ 77 casualties confirmed for now . 
  i wish this game was more solo-friendly . 
  yes , yes ... 
  i know it 's an mmo , and it 's supposed to be played in group , with friends , in a clan ... whatever , i just love the game itself but hate playing in group in this game particularly . 
  that 's still a distinction that it 's far from being right imo . 
   however , god forbid you speak spanish with a latin american accent -- there is still a lot of snobbery among spaniards towards latin americans . 
  spaniards consider themselves white and european , and would be deeply insulted if you suggested they were latin american of any kind . 
  this is so true . 
  although there 's this view that many british ( and others ) have , that spain is very racist . 
  it 's not . 
  i mean , there 's racism , like ... everywhere else . 
  but it 's not worse than say britain or france . 
  some people mix up being racist with not being absolutely obsessed with races - some people may found offensive to distinguish someone by their looking , like pointing out `` that chinese right there '' ... but that 's very normal and natural in spanish , and it 's not offensive nor racist at all for spaniards . 
  spain has been very isolated for many years , we have n't had any big influx of immigrants until very recently ... when we got a lot . 
  that did n't make spain more racist , but we did n't develop the ocd with the language that other countries have ( like usa or britain ) , which is good . 
  leave them like that all year :p and pass the marriage too !, 
  do n't try to lie yourselves here . 
  spain wo n't bail out banco madrid because it 's year of elections , and the pp has to make sure nothing too bad pops out in the news . 
  so if they can avoid it , they will . 
  politicians are so cynical that they do n't even try to disguise it : they dropped taxes right this year . 
  it makes you want to puke . 
  well it 's part of the history , yes . 
   the idea of a divided spain , each half antagonistic to the other half , dates back at least to 19th-century spanish satirist mariano jos\u00e9 de larra , who , in his article `` all souls ' day 1836 '' [ `` d\u00eda de difuntos de 1836 '' ] wrote `` here lies half of spain . 
  it died of the other half . 
  [ 3 ] '' later , philosopher miguel de unamuno , machado 's contemporary , developed the idea through the biblical story of jacob and esau struggling for dominance in their mother 's womb , as in the article `` rebeca '' ( 1914 ) , which may pre-date machado 's quatrain . 
  but historians trace the idea still further back , to the 17th and 18th centuries and the formation of the spanish character . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_two_spains, 
  founder , leader and honorary president of partido popular [ manuel fraga iribarne ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manuel_fraga_iribarne ) . 
  also franco 's ex-minister of tourism . 
  maybe that 's something people in / r/europe did n't know . 
  i bet the cdu ( conservative party ruling germany ) was n't founded by a hitler 's ex-minister . 
  it 's history . 
  i did n't say pp is francoist . 
  i said pp has a history , just like psoe , pce ( iu ) or podemos ( even if it 's short ) . 
   spain is well known commie sympathizer . 
  that made me laugh . 
  really , it did . 
  but yeah , nope . 
  pp ( ruling party ) is the political heir of franco , my dear baltic/nordic friend . 
  a 3 por legislatura . 
  and do n't forget podemos is not against a referendum . 
  honestly there will always be an independentist movement , but it has always been far from being the majority . 
  now it may have had a chance , but polls are suggesting that 's no longer the case . 
  and we also have to think about uni\u00f3 in ciu , which is mainly not independentist . 
  the color scheme is misleading : it could look like spain and portugal are closer to eastern europe prices , when in fact it 's almost the same price ( at least for spain ) compared to austria , italy , germany or luxembourg . 
  honestly i think podemos can become big in catalonia , too . 
  i agree with you two , but remember galicia also has to suffer the worst of caciquismo , sadly . 
  hoping that andaluc\u00eda is the start of something different . 
  spaniards are more willing to fight themselves than to attack an external enemy . 
  that 's why . 
  we are really into killing ourselves every 100-150 years . 
  it 's our fetish . 
  hungarian ( s ) is/are not slavic . 
  in spanish too ( curva ) . 
  in ... monaco ? 
  what 's next ? 
  auroras boreales all over the canarias ?
