  we should start looking at things objectively , and not how this subreddit tell us how we should . 
  we already have germany 's level , just not their wages so ... not gon na hurt as much as we may think . 
  shit is inexpensive here only for tourists . 
  still wondering why parties like podemos have so much support ? 
  it 's not just about austerity . 
  it 's a whole crappy mindset from a few that goes against a bunch . 
  gdp per capita . 
  from the italy/south korea/new zealand rank ... to the norwegian rank :p, 
   the person has made a silly choice religion is not just choice . 
  it 's bound to culture and family - if your parents tell you that you should believe in a ghost , you probably will , because that 's what you 've been taught when you was a kid . 
  only if you are able to think for yourself is when we can talk about a different thing . 
  and even then , some people just decide to believe for other reasons . 
  [ we already did ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ycyjsn.jpg ) :p, 
  by that time are n't you supposed to be independent ? 
  wait , actually , i think that question also works for 2012 , 2013 , 2014 and 2015 ... so nvm . 
   freedom of expression is one of the strongest pillars in a democracy not so obvious for some . 
  i 've been . 
  and that 's them being tall , not us being short :p, 
  well , if you mean tiny photographs for tiny people ... then it makes sense . 
  i do n't get how you determine that spanish people are short-sized by op 's post . 
  i saw no noticeable differences with other europeans when i moved around . 
  who ? 
  or / u/vince0308 ? 
  you mean the photographs ? 
  they are ridiculously tiny compared to the others ... op pls . 
  i do n't 100 % trust this ... here in spain pasta is as common as olive oil . 
  we eat a lot of it . 
  i do n't end a week without eating a dish of espaguetis a la carbonara , macarrones , canelones , lasa\u00f1a or any other delicious pasta dish that i use to eat . 
  and the same is true for family and friends . 
  we are a big country ( in european terms ) , but still not a top first . 
  being a biggie is still nice though , even if we do n't have the power and influence that should correspond us by both economy size and population . 
  well ... if it 's just about the name ... it makes no sense to me . 
  i 'd want a huge change , like forming a federated or confederated state with portugal and finally unite the iberian peoples in one iberian country ... but that 's much more difficult to see than a spanish federal republic which i would also love to see . 
  easy one : portugal , italy , france . 
  special mention to the greeks as well . 
  dude , asturias or any other ccaa has more political control over its own matters than whatever scotland could have dreamed ... ever . 
  we do n't call ourselves a federal state , but we de facto are . 
  with free healthcare . 
  and less mass murders . 
  this is fucked up . 
  more than half the country actually believes they were glorifying terrorism . 
  they were n't ... it 's like saying movies or history channel documentaries about the nazis glorify hitler and the nazi regime because it 's about them . 
  ridiculous . 
  dem commies, 
  not bad . 
  that 's not patriotism to me , today . 
  spanish patriotism to me would be homosexual rights and tolerance , being very unique in terms of healthcare system , like being the world leader in organ donations for example . 
  there are many many other examples out there to make any spanish feel patriotic like these , including or affecting directly to life quality or life expectancy . 
  we are definitely not a second-class country at all in all this kind of topics ... which are the only ones that truly matters for us the common people . 
  also having one of the lowest homicide rates in the world even with the official unemployment rates helps as well , and yet another reason to feel good about where we live ( or very safe at least ) . 
  what ? 
  italy never had the iberian peninsula . 
  ancient romans did . 
  on the otherside , the crown did include two sicilies . 
  it 's nothing but history , current-day italians are just as ancient roman as you and me are . 
  or any other romance nation really . 
  so what are the canarias ? 
  europe 's answer to alaska or wut ? 
   anti-lgbt rights campaigners claimed that there were 2 million people in a location with 300.000 max capacity . 
  in other words : they claimed to fit 1 person in less then an a4 sheet . 
  hahahaha . 
  no wonder they still need a god to pray to . 
  do n't worry italians , those are the same that marched in madrid right before the 2005 gay marriage recognition in spain , or in paris , right before the 2013 gay marriage recognition in france . 
  we know them and it 's all ok ... they will say gay couples will destroy your society and the marriage would not be marriage anymore . 
  then you will pass the laws because it 's common sense . 
  then nothing will happen and they will be forgotten , because they 're fucking stupid . 
  you can quote me on this , that 's what 's going to happen and we know it here already . 
  but then it will be too late for them and italy would join the cool kids club together with spain , portugal , france , netherlands , ireland and many many others . 
  i was going to tell you gib back two sicilies but ... naaaaaah . 
  you guys keep it . 
  good luck having north korea backing you , independentists . 
  you can do it !, 
  well , the spain of 2015 is not the spain of 2005 . 
  we have improved a looooong way in terms of political consciousness and that really should improve our country from now on . 
  true , true . 
  i prefer them to vote c 's , a lot . 
  and i voted for podemos . 
  little to none . 
  we 're talking about pp voters ... 70 % of them are old people that simply go and vote them nomatterwhat . 
  apparently [ 1.5 magnitude earthquakes are not noticeable by humans , although from 2.0 `` can be felt slightly '' by `` some '' people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richter_magnitude_scale#richter_magnitudes ) . 
  and [ here , the usgs says they are only noticeable up from 3.0 , being less than so `` not felt except by a very few under especially favorable conditions '' . 
  ] ( http://earthquake.usgs.gov/learn/topics/mag_vs_int.php ), 
  well , 1.5-2 earthquakes are just not noticeable if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i think they need to be minimum 3 or something like that iirc . 
  apesta buda means `` budha stinks '' in spanish . 
  not so nice to have a capital named like that . 
  on the other hand , budapest ... buda apesta ... sorry ~ ~ hambre ~ ~ hungary . 
  6,3 magnitude here is like ... * what is this , is it fucking mayhem ohmahgawd * we do even talk about the tiny , barely noticeable 3,5-4 ones that happen from time to time around madrid , lol . 
  because spain is usually considered a low-cost destination , not a luxurious one , and our tourism is often pointed out as one that should build up this as to ~ ~ grab more rosbif moneis ~ ~ make it more attractive and thus increasing the revenue . 
  not going to say i 'm against brits coming here and spending money ... of course . 
  obviously it is . 
  catalonia is a constituyent part of spain in its own right . 
  independentism is an ideology , not a fact . 
  hahaha . 
  valencia when you have a cold . 
  brings tears to my eyes ; _ ;, 
  actually tourism among brits in spain ( and other western europeans ) is not considered a super-high spending tourism per capita , quite the contrary , it 's cheap , low-cost tourism ... the only ones that spend a lot are asians ( especially chinese ) but also russians . 
  obviously the big bulk does n't come from russians , but we 're talking about spending * per capita *, 
  they do n't have a clue about the plateau and don quixote !, 
  hehe also basque country is a piece of heaven on earth \u2665,
