  the other reasons vary from not going out much to just have a discreet personality on this regard . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there 's a whole world about straight couples , weddings and such . 
  it is how humans work ... 
  i do n't feel represented but it 's not something i hate or something ... 
  i just do n't pay much attention to it . 
  portugal is a spin-off of galicia , m9 . 
  i mean if we were enemies is because it was worth to fight each other , we were not irrelevant to each other \u2665, 
  is it a gay-friendly place ? 
  i mean , even the small , rural parts etc. 
  this is misleading . 
  in spain there was a huge loss of income ... spending was n't the biggest problem or the cause of that deficit . 
  it was the loss of income . 
  please no . 
  still salty for that 0-1 finale ? 
  ohhh . 
  we ca n't listen to you we just read you, 
  see , you are covering the top of the list while we cover the bottom ... we are sandwiching europe ( + australia ) with our iberianness , fuck yeah . 
  destroy ? 
  i 'm so fucking happy for them ... 
  i mean i love all of europe but portuguese victory feels like my own . 
  the second one is not even bad . 
  not really , i was happy to see portugal won more than if it was spain ( because we would n't have deserved it ), 
  why the / s ? 
  it 's the strongest argument ... 
  but here 's the plot twist : he 's catalan so this would be the song sent by catalonia . 
  we wanted you guys to win so we had to send a big fucking shit but it 's so big it does n't even fit on the stage . 
  remember chikilicuatre ? 
  so you have just discovered spanish pop !, 
  ok , only the mediocre pop to be fair ... we 've got some nice pop music around . 
  lol it 's way worse i think, 
  here we go ... you can turn your tv off . 
  ah , that i can agree with . 
  because it 's not the typical english song ? 
  i think i like it even more now . 
  i think pee time is now . 
  so an australian is performing for denmark ... those australians * really * are taking over xd, 
  you 're the one trying to rip the catalan culture off the spanish . 
  fuck off yourself alone , and leave the rest of the catalans that have no problem with their catalan identity being part of the spanish . 
  i mean , italian wages are already high for any standard of living ... just not top notch , and the same can be said about spain . 
  it 's 28c ... 
  the english shown here is ok . 
  we also helped :(, 
  thatz madrid being 2 oppressive 2 them, 
   it must be something against the catalan people . 
  said every independentist guy when politically confronted . 
  it 's laughable how they use that victim card no matter the place or the language . 
  ssshh , we are just hiding the pintxos . 
  ok we surrender , we gib menorca, 
  toledo is quite an important city in spanish/european history actually . 
  over here we 're too busy being rivals between ourselves , we ca n't hear anything beyond that . 
  balkanized spain is reeeeal . 
  omfg you 're so nice to remember our king , gracias spanish netherlands \u2665, 
  temps are going down this week in all of spain and snow is coming back to the interior so that should be fixed soon ... at least for a few days . 
  do you want me to answer on behalf of my government , the people of spain or just on behalf of myself and my own opinion ? 
  because if it 's the latter i can tell you it 's not something that depends on me . 
  but if you want a clear answer , a referendum could be legal if there was political will to do so ... but independence itself is not constitutional . 
  we would need to redo the thing ... and i do n't know why should we do that if within catalonia itself there 's a big 50/50 division right now , with a strong independence agenda pushing going on since 2012 . 
  and i reaaaally doubt that the average georgian comes up with an opinion based purely on recent news about politics in spain when asked about our country . 
  reeeeally doubt it buddy , 
  that means nothing . 
  i think you 're confusing what you think with what the average georgian think when they 're asked about spain . 
  this is not what the average georgian think about spain when they ask them , i can guarantee it . 
  why you want the catalans to `` go '' ( and where ? ), 
  there 's probably more catalans against it that in favour according to their own polling institutions . 
  not gon na happen ... but because they do n't even want to . 
  i doubt that 's what an average georgian think when they ask them about spain btw . 
  i really doubt it . 
  spain wo n't oppose to barcelona and catalonia trying to be the hq because independence is simply not going to happen . 
  if anything , [ spain will help to get the hq for bcn ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-pharma-spain-iduskcn1021g9 ) . 
  i think i 'll start ignoring you ... it 's clear you have some problems when confronting other people/arguments or judging them . 
  good luck tho !, 
  right , so this explains why you were so retarded . 
  it was because you 're * actually * retarded , lol . 
  and the sea which is ... hard to compete with xd, 
  that 's because you do n't live by the border my bro, 
  the list without the silly slideshow : 10 - romania - 24,8 % 9 - lithuania - 25,8 % 8 - brotugal - 28 % 7 - estonia - 28,6 % 6 - croakcia - 29 % 5 - damnmark - 30,8 % 4 - australia - 33 % 3 - latvia - 37,6 % 2 - finland - 39,3 % 1 - switzden - 53,9 %, 
  honestly la raz\u00f3n and abc are absolutely bloated , they are not really as important as you seem to make them look ... they are known for their servitude to the current government ( esp . 
  el pa\u00eds and el mundo are not really good examples of good journalism at all , but many many journalists there are extremely good and competent , so there 's that ... and the same with cadena ser and so on . 
  spanish is the secondary language in catalonia in the school system . 
  this is a fact . 
  your other argument about portuguese in that hypothetical union is simply your ( non ) versed opinion . 
  if something is not really going to happen that 's the independence of catalonia , and this is not an opinion . 
   that 's precisely what you all do whenever any catalan news outlet is linked here . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  la raz\u00f3n and abc are on a different leven to onda cero , just like vilaweb is on another whole level than the ones you mentioned ... they are probably not of your political taste though . 
  ignorant would be someone that grabs a bag and put all the stuff you can label as spanish there and say it 's shite . 
  that 's full ignorance . 
  never go full ignorant . 
  hahaha ... yeah sure , because basque and catalan identities are in danger today ... you 're only giving me a reason to push even more for it . 
   can political discourse in this country go beyond `` here 's the other side 's extremists '' ? 
  not when you call me a subjugator of portuguese people -_- i 'm a normal guy not a fascist . 
  latinos in catalonia are n't pushing for spanish to be a second citizen language in catalonia ... ... 
  it 's the most nationalistic , anti-spanish catalans that want that . 
  people like this one http://sociedad.e-noticies.es/una-historiadora-trata-a-los-castellanohablantes-de-colonos-83568.html here 's the vid . 
   you can clearly deal with it so another one should n't bother you that much . 
  leave my sentiments to me , thanks . 
  we do n't have a federal spain even if it 's `` kind '' of working like that today ... because it 's the central government that decides who gets what ( even if the central government has given up many many powers ) . 
  in a federal state the different powers are very delimited in the constitution . 
  not what happens today in spain , sadly .
