  still , 1 $ / l. 
  is n't crazy expensive for a country like france i think . 
  or maybe i 'm wrong and we do n't have many differences in that respect . 
  so cheap for your wages . 
  is food that cheap there ? 
  here is quite more expensive and that with slightly lower salaries compared to the french . 
  nutella  nocilla imo but i used to eat nocilla on a daily basis as a kid as part of my [ merienda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merienda ) , lol . 
  the [ triangle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nmeyxgj.png ) : portugal - france - italy . 
  bonus and special mention to the greeks . 
  edit : i just noticed the map has mistaken romania with hungary , lol . 
  this is not unique for europe though , the criteria for continents is not set in stone , in the sense that it 's not hard science precisely . 
  related curious note : in spain , `` the americas '' do n't exist . 
  it 's simply `` america '' , because we study it as a single continent , and not two , although the subdivisions still exist ( norteam\u00e9rica o am\u00e9rica del norte , centroam\u00e9rica o am\u00e9rica central , sudam\u00e9rica o am\u00e9rica del sur ) . 
  there are [ many continental models ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/continente#modelos_continentales ) . 
  yeah , it 's not like the crusades was anything important in europe or even meant something about religious unity and conquest , at all . 
  nope . 
  never ever . 
  the roman empire adopted catholicism long after the roman and greek cultures settled down , including their advancements . 
  catholicism was imposed on the roman empire when the decadence was already showing up and just a few years later the whole thing exploded and divided , and the western roman empire was a mess that the tribes from north and central europe exploited and took the pieces left . 
  catholicism itself is largely based on the ancient greek philosophy when it comes to concepts like the soul . 
  i do n't like that sub , but denying that from the romans to the middle ages was a step back is pointless . 
  we do n't call the next step after that the renacimiento/renaissance for nothing . 
  i know you 're joking/polandballing but ... catholicism was a terrible disease for a thousand wasted years . 
  islam being the disease right now and having its medieval/dark age mentality today does n't change that . 
  just hoping they do n't need 400 years more . 
  it is vague because it means culture , politics and used to mean religion too . 
  but this document does n't say anything about politics or culture , it 's about big cities in a continent . 
  since when culture is the only thing what defines who 's european and who 's not ? 
  europe is a geographic term above everything else , and there are turks that are european , because they actually live in europe . 
  a piece of the country is europe . 
  cordoba in the 1050 was muslim , the culture and everything was n't what you consider `` european '' , but it actually appears it 's included here because ... guess what : al-andalus was european . 
  and not just european but probably the most important and relevant place in that time in so many levels ( science , culture , wealth , law ... ) , it 's also part of european history since it 's an important part of spanish/iberian history . 
  yep , but a valencian would never call itself `` catalan '' :p only the language , 
  both valencian and catalan at the same time ? 
  nice , dat crown of aragon representant :p, 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  ah , so `` olive '' is a synonym for tanned white people ? 
  or is it also used for mestizos , for example ? 
  we would translate tan as `` moreno '' ( as in getting a tan = ponerse moreno ) , but i 'm not sure if that will also work with `` olive skin '' . 
  what ? 
  i 'm glad she decided not to go if the ban was happening . 
  fortunately , it 's not happening . 
  and theres been . 
  just do n't expect pp being on the reasonable side , because it wo n't happen , and they voted against a proposed issue in the ayuntamiento in barcelona regarding this . 
  that pp is quite cringey in terms of ( lack of ) free speech , democracy and transparency is not new . 
  but that 's not something the catalans have to deal with alone ... . 
  i 'm very curious , do you ( as in , the american society ) see penelope cruz like `` just another latin-looking actress '' or would you rather associate her in a different group ? 
  note : with latin i mean latin-american , i know that in the us `` hispanic '' or `` latin '' are vague words sometimes and it 's not just about the skin tone . 
  i do n't know what olive skin means . 
  olive is green-ish to me ? 
  lol if you mean dark skin , then that guy is `` olive '' to me , but i do n't see myself or spaniards like that . 
  as i said , yes , there are different shades of `` white '' but not huge differences . 
  then you can always find someone which is moderately darker in their skin tone . 
  not the regular spanish . 
  spanish people tend to have darker hair tones but it 's not rare to see up to palid people with light eyes , but the differences are not big since we 're a bit homogenous in that sense . 
  compared to the french or the british , i 'd say the only noticeable difference is dark brown hair is more common and that 's it . 
  so no , that guy is n't representative ( looks like an immigrant ) . 
  damn those fascists from madrid man ... 
  yes , and marhuenda is catalan , too ( does it hurt too much ? ), 
  please stop being ridiculous . 
  this is not a catalan vs non-catalan thing . 
  it 's an ideologic and ban of free speech problem . 
  period . 
  `` xavier albiol , the catalanist '' hahahahahahaha . 
  i 'll upvote you for that hahaha . 
  i see you did the homework and counted them !, 
  oh wait you did n't !, 
  you just spit your bullshit w/o actually having a clue . 
  i mean , even albiol was against the ban ... lol . 
  not enough but it 's something . 
  loaded question ? 
  i love those . 
  only if your nickname was / u/spanish _ fascist ... 
  but see , from this  the government still trying to ban the catalan flag to  the banning of an object which means something to a significant portion of the population because you ca n't keep up your first statement . 
  ok , you were wrong , we go past that and what we see is ... that the ban is about free speech , not about a culture vs a culture , a nation vs a nation , or an etnic problem . 
  where 's the point then ? 
  why would you keep the argument based on `` the spanish government tries to ban the catalan flag '' when it 's not ? 
  should have finished this when you discovered it was n't the catalan flag . 
  and that 's it . 
   and represents as much people in catalunya as the `` official '' flag no it does n't . 
  repesents the ideology of those who want to see catalonia as an independent state , out or inside of catalonia . 
  that 's not the entire catalan population , but a part . 
   why anyone would want to antagonize so many people for no reason , is beyond me . 
  who said the government itself promoted this ? 
  even if they do , it 's the uefa that has something to say about it . 
  you should read more than just the telegraph , because they have no idea honestly - no one is banning the catalan flag , it 's the independentist flag , and no one can support that ... non-catalan spanish people do n't support this thing , because it 's a ban on freedom and free speech ... so 1st know what they 're baning ( free speech , not an expression of the catalans or their official flag ) and who 's in or against ( basically no one in the streets of madrid that i can find can support this ) . 
  but keep the anti-castillian `` so opressive '' cliche going . 
  i knew it was this !, 
  haha . 
  i 'll tell you a secret ... : * that 's not the flag of the catalans * . 
  boom !, 
  surprise !, 
  no , the spanish society is modern , it 's just that the few idiots remaining are really loud . 
  if the problem is how things are called and not how they 're already working ( as you say , we are functioning like a federal state ) , then i see little problems ahead , more related to recognition than anything else . 
  source ? 
  pelase just do n't lie . 
  it 's ugly . 
  spain is a decentralized democratic country not a fascist centralized state or an imperial administration anymore . 
  of course things are different * already *, 
  - si franco levantara la cabeza ... 5 words that would outrage any democrat in spain if said seriously .
