  except that pp ( or any other ) did n't pretend that to be a referendum . 
  just sayin ', 
  the `` yes '' parties ** have less votes than the rest ** of the parties . 
  that ends the `` do you want an independent state ? '', 
  question as a no . 
  period . 
  you can then think about all the outcomes you want to theorize about ... but independence is a no-no ( by the catalan people ) . 
  they 're doing this with less than 50 % of the votes . 
  but sure spain is so oppressive and authoritarian and undemocratic and ... : rolleyes :, 
  do n't forget about artur mas political party 's huge cases of corruption . 
  i mean , it would make sense if we spy on german tourists , because mallorca is slowly turning into a german land !, 
  disclaimer : i 'm just joking , it 's sort of a joke here ... keep coming guys :p, 
  it 's so disgusting having such a nasty tax heaven right in the backyard that even has this kind of shit working against the eu . 
  but hey , keep thinking it 's only about sovereignity . 
  that sounds like a spaniard as well . 
  manchego is my favourite . 
  probably the later . 
  sadly we are experts on fighting terrorism . 
   i can understand why people vote for him i do n't . 
  why ?? 
  oh you can also find them now too , just not as many ( or maybe that 's how it looks like now ), 
  heh , good one !, 
  when i was a kid i could find casta\u00f1as vendors in every corner in madrid , in this time of the year . 
  spain overtaking france is all what matters :p, 
  [ madrid ] ( http://i.imgur.com/puqgyvk.jpg ) ... when they happen , they are really really bad . 
  oh , there 's still people using that awful pigs acronym , ha . 
  launched in spain too the past week . 
  enjoying dexter so far . 
   rt.com, 
  same ( atheist ) except my family was catholic only culturally , not religiously , so irreligious as well . 
  mola . 
  haha , this is perfect . 
  he had to run away . 
  well ... . . they tried, 
  yes plz, 
   and seventy-five years later the council of war which sentenced him is still in force . 
  this bullshit right there is why no one outside of the catalan nationalist bubble buys the whole thing . 
  because of bad weather in the isles . 
  and * too much * gold from america . 
   the celebration of the beggining of the biggest genocide that 's not the celebration . 
  if you keep thinking that then there 's really something wrong with you , not with us . 
  sorry if that 's what you think because you clearly have a problem . 
  i bet you do n't think americans celebrate that they killed some thousand brits the 4th of july , hurr . 
   are you going to arrest me or something ? 
  oh yes , what do you think i am ... 
  i 'm spanish so i should be opressing you . 
  what kind of question is that . 
  meh , you 're boring , it 's always the same . 
  it 's not even intellectually challenging or anything . 
  just the same bullshit over and over . 
  goodbye . 
  what ? 
  i did n't give you one , i gave you * two * examples that by the way you already knew before i even mentioned them . 
  funny how you say i derrailed when you 're diverting the matter to `` in this thread '' . 
  / u/myself2 already pointed one out and it was n't enough for you him to be one of the typical trolls that lurk around anything spanish . 
  so much `` i 'm catalan , not spanish '' but when it comes to criticize spain for what happened 500 years ago some of you really do seem * very , very * spanish . 
  not really , look at sugusino 's flair for example . 
  you three usually need very little to start trolling around . 
  do n't act like if it was first news to this subreddit and its readers . 
  oh , and the random guy that appears with a new account from time to time and jumps into random spanish news to say `` catalonia is not spain '' , even if the thread has little to do with politics . 
  that one is a classic too , hell . 
  have you guys considered telling that dude that he 's not helping you in any possible way ? 
  must play more dota 2, 
  do you also think americans celebrate genocide when they celebrate the independence day the 4th of july ? 
  i mean , they killed lots of british in the process . 
  i do n't think you apply the same parameters to all the countries ... you just have one single measure for spain , and another one for the rest depending what we 're talking about . 
  that 's you and your measures . 
  noone celebrates genocide with this , noone . 
  you 're overreacting because it 's the spanish national day , not the french one , that also celebrates an event that was full of bloodshed ... or any other around , really . 
  get over your shit already . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/columbus_day * as d\u00eda de la raza ( `` day of the race '' ) in many countries in latin america , * yes , in other countries is known as d\u00eda de la raza . 
  you are the one full of bullshit with your new trolling flair , 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  you forgot / u/mate77 ` the indepetroll ' . 
  it 's ok every country has a national day even the ones you dislike , it 's all about tolerance and respect , 
  that 's the whole point , and that we do n't celebrate `` columbus day '' but the spanish language/attachment to the americas , thank you very much . 
  i love catalan ... one awesome among the awesome spanish languages :p, 
  we celebrate the actual discovery and the fact that we share a strong heritage/language today ... not the actual bad things attached to , well , you know , colonizing and conquering ... that was n't exclusively spanish if you did n't know . 
  just like the americans do n't celebrate the killings of british people , but rather their independence itself , or the french the consequences of the revolution and not the bloodshed that was done . 
  what baffles me is that you and many like you wo n't do this ever with some other western country ... only spain because that 's ok . do you think there 's no blood in basically every other national day for every country in the world ? 
  so many little kids and ignorant people , ugh . 
  the [ black legend propaganda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_legend ) did well its job among the anglosphere !, 
  kebab unremoved i see, 
  could you imagine such comments for the french national day ... or any other , at all !? 
  thank you though , 
  i mean , i 'm pretty sure you can read this and can speak another language than your own so you 've accomplished more than those people even if you do n't spend time actually reading books . 
  no , but when actually knowing about it changes our civilizations forever . 
  so what, 
  do n't forget about spain man ... we ca n't have a break even on the national day : / i guess this is what really makes us spanish . 
  one civil war from time to time just to keep us going !, 
  hahaha well i 'd prefer apollo to save me to be honest ... : $, 
  please let him be ... 
  he 's just more happy that way :d plus he actually cries when getting downvoted , lol . 
  time to sleep , in the morning there 's a military parade in madrid but i 'm absolutely not a fan of that so i 'll be spending the day in home , enjoying the free time before going to work tomorrow . 
  i 'm not sure there were many standards to break back then ... 
  columbus was a douche by today 's standards indeed , but it 's stupid to think you can judge history with just today 's standards , 
  oh well , you seem to spend the day off work/school in fruitful ways like ... trolling in reddit . 
  give everyone a break , it will be good for you too , 
  damn it 's not a bad plan lol . 
  remember to watch these damn toasters though ... they want to destroy us all .
