  but the thing is about worst locations . 
  also i live in one of those shitty neighbourhoods as well , in the suburban area . 
  well , they 're far from being ghettos . 
  they are simply home for mostly mid-low to low income workers ... let 's not criminalize them just for not living in beautiful and expensive urbanizaciones around the north of madrid that are for richer people , for example . 
   prague has an ongoing problem of pickpocketing welcome to every other major city . 
  this is a problem in each and every one of them i 'd say . 
  at least true for madrid and barcelona . 
  we might be one of the safest countries on earth , still there are problems with this stuff for tourists that seem not to care about their belongings . 
  actually , linguistic unity was and is achieved ( ie all spaniards speak spanish ) , just that those languages lived on . 
  i 'd say that 's even better considering language unity was achieved as well . 
  i understand that but the damage is already done while the irish economy is the only one that 's been profiting from its own tricks . 
  what i do n't understand is , why the hell do n't we have a fiscal union already , as to avoid this kind of ... unloyal policies . 
  yeah , nearly-tax-heaven low corporate tax really helps making those big-ass us companies not paying a single cent in your country partners ... 
  finland is my paradise ... 
  i 'm truly in the wrong country for my personality lol . 
  a finn would die super-quick in spain with all those strangers looking at them , talking at them ... and even touching !, 
  on a daily basis . 
  they 're quite special creatures and must be treated carefully . 
  this is what the extreme right-wing in spain spits all the time . 
  do n't fall for this , / r/europe, 
  yep , here in this side of la raya galicia is struggling with floodings and a really bad sea . 
  we are not in 1970 . 
  this is not the truth anymore . 
  spanish is a prestige language in the us and being picked more often through northern europe . 
  i am sure he does n't . 
  lol . 
  that 's us . 
  all the time . 
  he could have went for spanish just for usefulness , it would cover way much more people and nations in the world . 
  holy shit i thought you guys did n't know that . 
  i mean , there 's even people in spain that totally ignore this fact . 
  i have so much work that i do n't even have time to say more . 
  [ this was me last week ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ze6xb/monday_moaning_thread/cylep1y ) :(, 
  funny example . 
  in zamora the ruling party is iu . 
  yes , you live in another planet , lol . 
  nice , where you going ? 
  remember not to drink tap water . 
  and take pictures !, 
  madrid is not the popular party as long as barcelona is not convergence/together for yes . 
  no one talks about `` barcelona '' when refering to the generalitat , so why would you talk about `` madrid '' when refering to the spanish gov ? 
  double standards . 
  anyway , i do n't care about pp , they lost their absolute majority and ca n't even form a government ... we do n't even know if they 're going to rule ( it 's very difficult ... * todo esto * ) . 
  but this political movement from the independentists can force a pp-psoe or pp-c 's + psoe abstain pact . 
  unilateral independence can be declared . 
  but that does n't mean that it works . 
  it wo n't . 
  it literally is like that . 
  not only that : but they literally cede 2 deputies to together for yes permanently and assume that `` it 's their fault '' all this drama lol . 
  no , this does n't make catalonia more prone to obtain unilateral independence . 
  it was never going to happen with the current spain . 
  maybe if we were still a dictatorship , isolated , not in the eu ... etc. 
  but that 's no the case anymore , so catalan indepedentists are too optimistic if they think they can obtain a unilateral independence in the core of the eu ( spain is the 4th largest economy in the eurozone ) . 
  this `` process '' can be a huge pressure for a referendum ... which should be good since it can be lost by independentists easily . 
  but not unilateral independence . 
  edit : heh , getting downvoted by sectarian indepes means a lot to me , thanks guys :d, 
  dat madrid 's 2017 worldpride vid got me hyped . 
  again ??? 
  lucky them , i have to go to work this friday !, 
  how do you know i will still be on holiday until friday !?!??!!, 
  i 'm still on holidays !!!!!!, 
  yes , you can downvote me !!!!, 
  it 's not surprising and you should know it : the most fiercely nationalistic people in spain is usually the left ( check : izquierda abertzale , bng , erc , cup ... ) etc. 
  obviously you have right-wing parties that are nationalistic as well ( ahem , pp , lol ) , but ... really , i will never understand those that claim to be left-leaning but completely refuse to be part of a common project putting the argument of `` too much solidarity '' or even `` stealing us '' ( when it 's not ) ... that 's not socialist/left-leaning at all . 
  it 's just the argument of people like the lega nord or the far right wing independentists in flanders . 
  and i 'm very left-wing myself , just not from izquierda castellana because i hate nationalism for being incredibly irrational , like following a religion, 
   i guess that 's what happens when someone does what they said they 'd do in this country . 
  i guess you mean spain , because well ... it 's the same shit . 
  and yes , i wish cup received more votes just for their coherence . 
  italy and spain share more than just their latin roots , they 're basically a copy of eachother even in this xd, 
  so jelly . 
  it 's raining , with 6\u00bac outside right now :(, 
  exactly the same over here . 
  well , first of all let 's say that it 's hard to find a really independent newspaper/news site in spain . 
  they are all have a bias , and they are kind of strong - although some of them are simply way too loud about it ... and sometimes , if not every day , they make stupid outrageous front pages ... that 's the case of newspapers like abc or la raz\u00f3n , both right-wing , but you can also find the left-wing counterpart in online media like el plural ... anyway , with that in mind , vilaweb is one of those online sites with a strong , too smelly bias . 
  in this case pro-independence , and their articles are as laughable as they can get ... they dedicate virtually all of their time to speak of just one thing , and that is not catalonia ( unless you think the * prus\u00e9s * is everything , catalonia is the independentist movement , and campaigning for independence is the only thing you should do ... ) . 
  because that 's what they do . 
  they also apply this `` catalan countries '' dogma over every little thing ... including the frigging weather forecast !, 
  and they use political rhetoric like `` the country '' ( in singular ) to refer to every catalan-speaking territory . 
  this is called pancatalanism , some sort of * annexation thinking * . 
  obviously a strongly biased independentist will tell you that not , it 's about the common language ... but the point is exactly the rhetoric they use ... utilizing `` the country '' and that sort of terms , which is absolutely not debatable : a country is not `` a territory which shares a commong language '' ... as you and me know . 
  but i do n't want to be viewed as biased , and i also acknowledge ( like they wo n't with their own press and shit ) the fact that press like el peri\u00f3dico ( sort of like unionists but federalist , social-democrats ) or la vanguardia ( usually moderately catalan nationalist , right-wing , today is a bit more unionist ) are also quite sketchy about many things ... and the press in madrid is also far from being independent and 100 % free . 
  vilaweb claims they use money from random people that visit their site , so `` they 're more free '' , but truth is it 's the most subsidized online newspaper by the generalitat ( catalonia 's regional government ) , and they are just followed by ara.cat ( also pro-indep . ), 
  and others like el m\u00f3n ( also pro-indep ... it 's hard not to see them prolliferating with public money from all the catalans , including the majority which are not independentist according to the latest electoral result ) . 
  any ... they 're all very nice , portuguese , greek , spanish , italian ... they all are as good as they can get . 
  spain is estr\u00f3n xd, 
  grrrrrr ... only rain here for now :(, 
  you 're such a pretty mammal, 
   * false pretenses *  says other countries are far more progressive than spain based on nothing but prejudices , disregarding the actual data exposed earlier , which shows otherwise listing spain at top among the biggest ( and relevant ) countries in western europe , and accuses the counterpart of being nationalistic for pointing it out . 
  oh the irony . 
  your time with me is over . 
  sweden did n't have gay marriage in 2003 , so no , you ca n't add full adoption to your gay marriage legislation if you do n't have gay marriage legislation * at all * . 
  spain remains on top of the scandinavian countries in this regard , and rightfully so , as it is the most accepting nation in this topic gladfully even if that just hurts you somehow . 
  spain did beat the scandinavian countries legalising gay marriage , being also the very first in the world adding full adoption in its legislation . 
  so this  far more progressive countries in europe is false based on facts for this matter  sightless commentor is sightless . 
  oh , the netherlands ? 
  it would be on par , but not many others . 
  kill it !!, 
  kill it with fire !, 
  lucky :( here silence is awkward ... go figure .
