  we are one !, 
  yep , if they knew more about castilla/galicia/asturias etc. 
  a bit more we could wring out 10-15 m tourists more per year lol . 
  barcelona has a huge role , but not the only one as you pointed out . 
  sadly those `` guiris '' know little about northern spain aka `` green spain '' . 
  or the interior cities , full of medieval and roman monuments . 
  lol i 'm still trying to figure out because of you !, 
  one close friend from lulea ( sweden ) has visited spain several times , he loves  40\u00ba temperatures ... it 's crazy how he can resist lol in baleares and costa del sol i think you can find many scandinavians in the summer . 
  i agree but i do n't think there are a lot of people that believe portugal is a province of spain . 
  i wish portugal was part of an iberian union formed by the different iberians with their different but extremely related languages ( ahem , except basque , but that 's part of the charm lol ) . 
  but i actually do n't think there are many people thinking portugal is just part of spain . 
  hell even some people outside of our borders actually think catalonia is super different from spain and is a completely different - and/or especially unrelated - nation , or that there 's no catalans that feel just as spaniards aswell . 
  which is crazy wrong too , of course . 
  come on , cut it off , we all know all we have to talk about spain is how little democratic it is and how rough can be against their opressed autonomous communities !, 
  i do n't , 
  and mallorca , costa del sol , canarias , ibiza , sevilla , madrid ... etc, 
  this is good news about spain ... 
  i 'd be surprised if this gets upvoted . 
  you still do n't understand . 
  i 'm not butthurt because of your crap of an union that 's not actually an union and more like your `` countries-that-i-like-based-on-bullshit '' list ... but rather surprised of how someone can actually eat that shit up all by himself . 
  it 's in your imagination , yes . 
  we agree on that . 
  since as you stated you do n't even care about actual statistics anyway . 
  it 's like beating a dead horse . 
  good luck with your union , we will be trying to improve europe the rest of us , including france ( not the one in your imaginary union , sorry ) . 
  france is not a leading power in the world nor has been at the level of say , britain or spain back in its day . 
  france is just a regional/european power . 
  your arrogance on the other hand ... well , let 's just say that is what is topping the world 's ranks . 
  the corruption index for spain it 's not too far from france , actually . 
  denmark is galaxies far from you . 
  and for the immature `` argument '' ... let me just sit back and laugh at that . 
  i do n't think most europeans would be comfortable with your petulance and therefore want an union with someone like you . 
  gladly most french people are n't like that and you 're just a caricature of your own stereotypes , but come on , do n't be so ridiculous . 
  it 's awkward . 
  france was a financial burden when spain as a non-founding member was economically booming in pre-crisis times . 
  i 'm speaking about the deficit and the limits that the eu agreed . 
  i 'd say france is still not in budget , actually . 
  so do n't say something you can not even satisfy yourself , because france would be a burden following your vague words . 
  [ bonus ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-06/spanish-boom-meets-french-stagnation-as-reformers-lead-recovery ) just for you . 
  yeah , and screw the others . 
  bravo . 
  come on , you were even linking la gaceta , besides random google seraches ... that 's like linking from american renaissance or something . 
  fox news is such left-wing leaning compared to that . 
  this shit does n't help your credibility . 
  quite the contrary . 
   a somewhat unique cultural place in the world but ... they are andalusians speaking broken english . 
   and the rock is somewhat special in its appearance and the view it provides / its location . 
  then add the whole bah\u00eda de algeciras to that ... not just gibraltar . 
  where can i find a basque that thinks the fueros are injust for the rest of the country ? 
  because i can swear it 's injust for everyone else that 's not in the basque country . 
  more and more retard, 
   ... oh really ? 
  so i provide sources and i 'm called a troll you are providing google searches . 
  it 's not even classy , just bullshitty , like ( almost ) everything else . 
  why would it be ? 
  gibraltar is known for being '' a rock '' . 
  aaaaand here are again the catalan independentists trolling like they always do . 
  like if someone else outside of their bubble is going to eat their shit out . 
  but why ? 
  spain is supposed to grow a 2,5 % this year , according to the government . 
   he is the eternal prince but ... but ... that 's gaben, 
  i 'm not against the ave at all . 
  it 's not just that it 's on the level of a developing country , it 's simply probably a reference for the world and the proof of that is that spanish companies are building this century high speed networks in extense countries like brazil or saudi arabia , beating the french high speed railway companies . 
  the thing is that spain has built its network very fast , and it was very costly , and it 's something that we still have to pay for it . 
  it will be cheaper and worth i 'm sure , but time is a very important factor in the concept of investment . 
  spain 's quality of service is the highest and i could agree with that , but the ave is still a bit expensive . 
  honestly we could get rid of the shittiest ones , at least . 
  why would the telegraph care about spain 's pm though ? 
  it 's all marketing . 
  lmfao they 're going full retarded now, 
  yes , i hate it . 
  outdated . 
  with little to no support among the majority here in spain . 
  should get rid of it already ... but at the same time it also disgusts me the hypocresy of foreigners talking about barbaric traditions from others when not even checking their own shit . 
  if we had that levels of real unemployment , things would be pretty bad ( in the sense of revolution and blood in the streets ) . 
  but things are just peaceful . 
  i just think at least half that percentage is working with the shittiest conditions without a contract . 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  we also celebrate that we are not ruled by a fascist dictator anymore ... but we did n't get rid of him . 
  he died of old age . 
  in a bed . 
  in his palace . 
  forcing someone to do something after a war is not what i call a deal . 
  germany knows about that amirite . 
  what you show is either ignorance about history and what the spanish sucession war supposed in europe in the 1701 or simply want to practice the official sport in this subreddit which is bashing everything that 's not north-western european . 
  i do n't need to be careful at all , and saying that i should be careful at something for saying what i think is an offense to me as i take it as a threat . 
  gibraltar is a colony . 
  that 's what the un says , that 's why it 's still in the plan for de-colonization . 
  check it up if you ever need to be informed about something . 
  scotland is part of an union and conforming an independent part within the united kingdom . 
  that 's how you say scotland ! = england either . 
  gibraltar and hong kong are/were colonies ... catalonia simply does n't fit in that list , just like extremadura or cuenca . 
  surely the opressed colony of catalonia need their right to self-determination ... oops . 
  spain bad alone is the motto in this subreddit . 
  it 's not gibraltar drama though , more like independentist-politician-that-doesn ` t-give-a-crap-about-gibraltar-whinning-about-madrid drama . 
  spain is the most decentralized country in the union ... and it 's a country where half their population hated the other half for centuries . 
  you ca n't find nationalism in one half at least . 
  also it 's one of the few countries with no extreme right-wing in a parliament ... 
  i do n't think you can say the same . 
  this always comes up in reddit .
