  there are also many statistics that are simply wrong . 
  i 'm 100 % atheist but for spain i 'm officially catholic , because most parents baptise their children even if they do n't believe , because of the ` religiously non-theistic , culturally catholic ' thing . 
  i should really apostatize one of these days . 
  vienres is what a say when i type too fast . 
   almost outright prohibiting the thought of becoming independent seriously , you guys should inform yourselves a bit more ... there 's no prohibition of any of those ideas in spain . 
  the act of secession ? 
  sure . 
  the political ideas ? 
  hell no ... 
  [ this ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/estelades-a-perpinya/ ) shows otherwise though . 
  there 's a lot of catalanism in french catalonia . 
  rosell\u00f3n was spanish turf until the treaty of the pirineos , after all . 
  i mean , i will start taking it seriously when some of you stop saying the war of spanish succession was a catalonia/crown of aragon vs castile thing and that catalonia was fightning for its independence back then : no it was n't , you ca n't rewrite what happened . 
  fucking nationalism is even much recent than that . 
  so you find opinions contrary to yours and we have to assume you have the ultimate truth and everything outside that must be barbaric and undemocratic . 
  such a petty finnish guy . 
   we did n't have houses before 1991 anyway . 
  were you living under greeny hills like the hobbits or what ? 
  pp has like 30 % of the votes of people over 18 years old in spain * that voted * . 
  you have to stop thinking pp = spaniards . 
  because you would n't say convergencia = catalans , right ? 
  not even independentists = catalans . 
  so please , open your mind a little bit more . 
   are prone to revert back to tyranny you 're not well informed about the spanish society . 
  i 'm from madrid but i 'm not tyrant nor violent ... but i have to say that you can go fuck yourself . 
  you just hit the nail on the head , basically . 
  also , catalonia is not even in the worst position regarding fiscal solidarity among spanish regions . 
  madrid , valencia and baleares have it much worse . 
  ssshh ... do n't tell him . 
  he has chosen a fairy tale to believe in already . 
  are you aware that those spanish governments were essentially bad for the rest of spaniards as well ? 
  franco was n't a galician guy that appeared to fuck the catalans * only * . 
  quit posting public comments then . 
  or you can simply ignore me . 
  i post what i want , just like you do . 
   ask any unionist what they think about pdc or erc , they will say `` nazis '' yeah ... that 's the kind of bullshit that you love and eat everyday . 
  not / u/daktush bullshit . 
  it 's that one the one you really enjoy . 
  you 're laughable . 
  you are implying that . 
  you 're irrational because you ca n't be reasoned with , not because you do n't accept my point of view and that 's it . 
  that answer , that answer right there that you 've just put is the example of it . 
  either that or you just do n't understand it . 
  in fact , it 's you that desperately need others to accept your point of view of the reality and that 's it . 
  the day you realize that it does n't work like this we could work together to find solutions to common problems , including a referendum , instead of calling bullshit on everything or demonizing the rest of the country and madrid as a scapegoat . 
  i bet you 've already thought that if things keep like this many independentists that were n't so long ago are going to stop caring about this and support will go down fast . 
  it is actually already going on , and you know that . 
   go to the rally to chant independence , wave estelades and be surrounded by ** hundreds of millions ** of people like this lol . 
  ok we know that you like to bloat up the numbers ... but that 's * too much * . 
  again , colau is n't an independentist , that 's you lying . 
  and secondly , yes , i do gain a lot by lying to someone like you ... that wo n't be convinced of otherwise because you are an irrational being when it comes to muh nation , muh pride . 
  you are what we call in spain ( and that includes your land so you already know ) ... un facha , and a big big one . 
  i guess you 're being sarcastic , because france is much much worse than spain when it comes to kill peripheral languages and cultures . 
  they even keep trying , we do n't ( despite their propaganda telling that we do ) . 
  actually , the catalan independentism is so strong in spain because they actually have a lot of freedom to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  the main or `` vehicular '' language in catalan ( public ) schools is not spanish , even when the first language used in catalonia is spanish . 
  you ca n't even start imaging something like that in france with french . 
   colau is independentist . 
  she voted yes-yes in the unofficial consultation she is n't . 
  and she explained why she voted yes . 
  like many other people did ... it was a rebel vote . 
  she explained it in her facebook , i could send it to you anytime , because she made it very clear that she 's not an independentist . 
  you guys wo n't stop lying . 
  it 's a continuum in your every day life . 
  i have many catalan friends that were or even are hyped for the independence . 
  and they did n't go . 
  and i know a couple that i 've met not so long ago ... they are not independentist and they 've told me through whatsapp that they 're in the rally . 
  that makes it two people , it 's not `` no one '' no longer . 
  just go away with your shitty rhetoric . 
  you 're not going to be independent because the catalans do n't want to . 
  so you have no arguments other than `` it 's pure bullshit '' surely you are very reasonable and like to convince people to your ideas . 
  too bad you 're so horribly bad at it . 
  because you ca n't kill it with arguments , you kill it trying to delegitimate it . 
  that 's why there are non-independentist leaders like colau , right ? 
  makes sense . 
  look how opressed they are , we do n't even let them count the right way !, 
  i do n't claim for catholicism . 
  the french revolution , perhaps . 
  it 's not about religion . 
  nor race . 
  it 's about an inferior culture . 
  good for them , but it 's probably one of the exceptions and * even * you know that . 
  nor did i mean that spain became the western , tolerant , progressive and modern country that it is today right after 1212 . 
  but i 'm sure it would n't be the same today if it kept being an islamic country . 
  not by that time . 
  during the vii-viii centuries they were . 
  but the almoravids were the daesh of today 's . 
  also , spain as a islamic country today would just be another shithole like we 're used to see . 
  glad we are not that . 
  sadly i have no hopes in turkey anymore , but i keep an eye on tunisia . 
  because the islamic countries are a paradign of tolerance today . 
   go back to school but they feed them with meat !, 
  they 're monsters !, 
  go back to your parents and ask them for basic elementary stuff . 
  if you keep telling to yourself that meat is not needed for a proper expectancy of life and quality of life you will only convince yourself of such . 
   i think this is a perfectly valid argument , unlike yours . 
  `` i 'm right , therefore you 're wrong '' . 
  yep , super-valid argument there . 
  now go plant some flowers and do n't make me laugh . 
  you 're making me wasting oxygen that could otherwise be for an animal in need .
