  with an independentist * catalan flag . 
  feeling both catalan and spanish is n't incompatible , and it 's quite normal . 
  do n't be silly . 
  bitch please . 
  come on , it 's like our superbowl , * duuuuude * . 
  as i said around in a reply somewhere : congratulations slovenia !, 
  welcome to the club , 
  same in spain back in 2005 when we passed it . 
  those people were just a loudy minority since absolutely nothing happened afterwards . 
  as you can see the country is not falling apart ... at least not because of the homosexual marriage , that is :p anyway , congratulations slovenia . 
  welcome to the club . 
  that does n't mean `` i do n't feel spanish '' though . 
  sure . 
  except most galicians call themselves so . 
  you need to sort out that the independist agenda is not shared by everyone . 
   the gdp per capita of italy is greater than spain [ not anymore ] ( http://www.expansion.com/economia/2016/03/25/56e16ed922601d9c238b457e.html ) . 
  spain is richer per inhabitant . 
  or it will be at the end of the year . 
   the population of italy is greater yep , italy has more population . 
  every other post about the other countries ' google top searches are exactly the same : mostly full of prejudices and ignorance . 
  i do n't think slovenia would be any different than that . 
  and spain is not the exception either . 
  what spanish people might think does n't have to represent the truth , there could be prejudices , general statements , outdated information , or just lack of it ... just like what other people think about spain does n't have to represent the actual true . 
  we can discuss whatever once we settle that . 
  the sarcasm about the western thing ... well , many people actually do n't think spain is part of it , even if it is , yet i do n't start a crusade on reddit trying to convince people that actually spain is a rich , wealthy weastern european country even if i know it 's that because , well , i live here and can compare because i also travel and lived abroad . 
  maybe ask people that actually search that , i just tell you that i , particularly me , do n't think slovenia is an undeveloped country , and that by what i perceived by my surroundings for many years , other spanish people do n't perceive slovenia as an undeveloped country , just maybe not as rich as us and the rest of w. europe . 
  it 's like you got triggered or something , chill , it 's what people search on google , not the truth . 
  not even what spanish people think :| if i had to believe what people say about spain in this subreddit i would believe i live in a country that ca n't function because of the unemployment rate , or that it 's believed to be poor . 
  both far from the truth . 
  and this is not even google . 
   a country where you can dance the tango what the fuck ? 
  i ca n't answer for millions of spaniards , i can answer only for my own . 
  and no , czech republic or slovenia `` overpassing '' spain in gdp per capita when we are actually overpassing italy 's this year would n't be considered a bad thing for us ... just a good thing for you . 
  why in the hell would i feel worse for you guys catching up on our wealth per inhabitant ? 
  that 's incredible . 
  also i do n't think slovakia is an underdeveloped nation . 
  but i think many spanish people have the feeling they are behind compared to their close friends/neighbours of the czech republic . 
  also , what / u/mikazzi said . 
  even so slovenia is still considered `` eastern '' ( in economic terms ) even if you guys are really catching up with us and the rest of western europe . 
  that 's really good for you ( the catching up thing ) , do n't think that 's an insult at all . 
  if galicians are spanish and you guys say they 're like you ... you guys are spanish !, 
  well it is , today . 
  no it 's not . 
  and it 's incredibly ignorant to say such a thing . 
  aaaand there 's the real you  haha , it was fun , too bad your intelligence ca n't do better than that . 
  [ my recommendation for your next great debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agskpe3dk4k ) . 
   nobody just divides europe in two [ yeah , nope , no one , yeah , absolutely . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_curtain )  that 's like comparing sweden and spain as northern countries , since they 're both above equator . 
  good !, 
  if you divide the globe as north and south , both sweden and spain belongs to the northern hemisphere . 
  you 're starting to understand !, 
  i applaud your progress . 
   but it 's not western europe  south-western europe in a east/west division , spain is west . 
  in a north/south division of the continent , spain is south . 
  in a south/north/east / west division ... spain is south and west . 
  i hope that helped you to understand how non-sensical is to say ... `` it 's not west but it 's west ( and south ) ! '', 
  in the same commentary . 
  next troll attempt make it look a bit more serious ( and less stupid ) . 
  spain is literally in the westernmost point of continental europe . 
  but it 's not just a geographic term : culture , politics , economy ... 
  both countries are western european countries by those definitions . 
  your question is stupid , especially considering spain is in the westernmost peninsula of the continent , d'oh . 
  ouch ? 
  you 're comparing three rich , western european countries ... ouch !, 
  cervantes the greatest . 
  `` evidence '', 
  for spain only because of demographics . 
  spain is actually overtaking italy 's gdp per capita this year . 
  so actually they are extremely comparable . 
  only for people that stupid to think podemos is only shit and far left . 
  podemos overtaking psoe , which would lead to a whole new scenario . 
  same here ( spain ) , it 's been 4 months and new elections are almost sure bound to happen . 
  who said they are incompatible with each other ? 
  you say that but we surely like our paellas . 
  it would be heresy not to . 
  i wake up at 6 am . 
  please leave your stereotypes in the trash bin . 
   he lives in central spain too which is doubly weird central spain is not arid . 
  the southeastern tip in almeria is . 
  the rest of the country receives rain at an average of 450-600 mm per year , which is close to london 's average ... maybe the east ( valencia-murcia ) has the lowest average , if we exclude almeria . 
  also , eating cereals with milk as breakfast is the standard spanish breakfast and it 's nothing weird at all . 
  this is one average guy with an average day ( and weather , in this time of the year ) , maybe the only thing it changes greatly is that most people live in flats . 
  sierra de madrid ? 
  we are coming from 25 % ... a 20 % is a full-employment state lol, 
  aznar 's only good heritage lol, 
  it is popular in spain too . 
  do n't even try , he has yet to say one thing that can be true . 
  you just have no idea and only spit random words to see if they make a sentence . 
  just go away . 
  i approve . 
  whoever is happy about how the eu is working right now is delusional . 
  that is not just `` a british thing '' or even part of euroskepticism . 
  not being happy with how the eu works does n't mean you want to end it though . 
  gibraltarians are ethnically andalucians so ... only the monkeys will be left i tell you !, 
  at least it can not into western europe, 
  we spanish republicans did :p, 
  ok it was n't funny :( but it was true harrrrrrrrr !, 
  that 's two for spain ... 
  it 's cheating !, 
  oh , look , another ranking .
