  muh opressed peoples . 
   is that your population is too big for your economy that would be translated as a loss in gdp per capita , or purchase power at least . 
  but that 's been the case in the recession years , not right now when we 're growing apparently fast . 
  i do n't know , the spanish economy is considered big , it 's our current day influence in the world that 's not as big . 
  spain 's economy is the twelfth biggest in the world and only 7 years ago it was the 8th iirc . 
  do n't be so butthurt at facts . 
  if you ca n't tell if i 'm being serious or not maybe you need to read about more about the different healthcare systems in the first world . 
  sorry but the us is not the country i 'd like to compare with because you are behind spain , or italy , or france systems . 
  not ahead . 
  catalans , valencians and balearics . 
  aka an important part of the spanish . 
  we 're much better than the united states in so many other things . 
  and more important , like health . 
  i prefer to compare ourselves with the other western european countries . 
  it is madness . 
  as one of the languages representative of the spanish culture , it 's absurd that catalan is not an official language . 
  so many millions of spanish use it and speak it everyday . 
  dutch in spanish is `` holand\u00e9s '' . 
  and the same government being elected for 30 years without a chance of getting some fresh air . 
  that 's andalucia for you . 
  corruption cases did n't help because of this . 
  holy shit !, 
  some places are blue and some others are not !, 
  my question would be : how can we grow at 3 + percent annualy with a 20 + percent unemployment rate ... ? 
  the thing is , people usually answer with `` because it 's easy to grow again when you 've been fallen to an abyss '' ... but this is actually not true . 
  not true that we 're far from where we got before the fall in the first place , i mean . 
  in two years we would be in pre-crisis figures ( gdp wise ) and we are actually overpassing italy in gdp per capita this year . 
  that 's the real question for me . 
  obviously we are a functioning country , but some people are having tough times trying not to fall behind , and they get the support from family and friends . 
  spain : - podemos joined in a coalition with iu ( united left - izquierda unida ) , now called `` unidos podemos '' ( united we can ) . 
  it appears they 're 4 points ahead of psoe and 6 behind pp , according to recent polls . 
  podemos ( or unidos podemos ) would become the biggest party on the left . 
  - [ a huge fire consumed the largest tire graveyard ] ( http://www.abc.es/media/sociedad/2016/05/13/incendio-sesena--620x349.jpg ) 50 km away from madrid , in sese\u00f1a , putting in danger the people near there and the kids that had to stay in home . 
  the thing burned after days and weeks of rain ... so the investigation is clear : it was provoked . 
  - we 're in pre-election campaign ... since two years ago . 
  next stop : 26 june ( coincidential with the brexit referendum ) . 
  please do n't kill eachother . 
  arrepentido would be the word . 
  i ca n't assure about basque because their language is a whole different world , but i know galicians speak that way as well when they speak in galician . 
  yes , well , you know that the same like me . 
  there are no differences in that respect between the autonomous communities when we use spanish that way . 
  actually in all of the languages in spain ( i do n't know about basques in the other side of the french border , or catalan-speakers in france ) it 's the same . 
  alema\u00f1a ( galician , asturian ) , alemanya ( catalan , valencian ) and alemania ( basque , spanish ) . 
  just saying to add the rest of denonyms about germany from spain that you did n't include , besides catalan , so others know about them as well , 
   that 's why people should call it by its proper name `` spanish '' is too its proper name , because that 's what millions of people call it , and it 's not wrong just because you think the rest are wrong and you 're right . 
  once people stop calling it like that it will be wrong to call it like that ... easy and just how every word with every language works . 
  it has been that way for the rest too , until the performance itself in the grand finale , it started to rush up the odds like http://www.oddschecker.com/tv/eurovision ( which seems not showing the same it was showing yesterday ) up to the 4th pos . 
  the sentiment over at / r/eurovision was the same , barei did a great job with a fun song and deserved much more . 
  i can say the same for others like bulgaria , it 's about the song not the flag . 
  and i have to believe in your criteria instead of the auction houses and many voices within eurovision itself . 
  it was 4th favorite in odds checkers , so no , not biased . 
  next time check yourself , big mouth . 
  rip spain . 
  one of the best songs in the recent years . 
  you disappointed me , europe . 
  think about the lithuanian flag then : red , yellow and green on top of that , lol . 
  it 's like they mixed the spanish and portuguese flags . 
  `` an old glory '', 
  tourism is around 8 % of the spanish gdp . 
  and a big chunk of that gdp is on the coast . 
  so that should tell you . 
   bidet , you 're so ugly , no-one loves you . 
   * bidet starts to cry * i totally forgot about this . 
  i 'm laughing my water-cleaned ass off too now . 
  i found the bidet quite common in spain , maybe some people do n't , but we are far from others that even do n't know how to use it :p, 
  sounds like people with low standards . 
  ah , yes , i forgot you * need * extra stuff in your bathrooms xd, 
  i 've seen those here too , when people feel like saving space . 
  i mean , you first use paper , but then use the bidet anyways . 
  you do n't exchange paper for bidet \u00ac \u00ac, 
  bidets are not an `` extra '' or a substitute . 
  they 're their own thing , and not using them is like `` no i do n't need to shower , i already use those wet wipes '' . 
  northern yurop , you disappoint me . 
  which is a shame . 
  i ca n't live without one ( and i 'm a man ) . 
  it just does n't feel the same . 
  once you 're used to clean your ass properly , paper is just not enough . 
  you feel dirty afterwards , always . 
  dude , te cagas en la pierna ? 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ joking , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ mean . 
  oh god . 
  my bidet is crying . 
  ... got ta check that leak . 
  maybe because like in the case of the iberians , the iberian lynx is a unique species separated from the others , that is at risk of extinction . 
  do n't worry , we invade our own beaches in the summer as well xd ask any valencian or murcian around and they will tell you they 're so tired of madrilenians raiding their precious beaches in august . 
  as for me , i just hate the high temperatures ... and i 'm in spain . 
  it should be oficial not just in asturias but in all of spain ( together wih catalan , basque , galician ... etc ) . 
  i mean , being taught in their respective natural areas only ( because we are no longer in the time of imposing other languages ) , but having an official status as in swtizerland , where you can use any language and no one bats an eye . 
  do n't forget at least 47 million speakers in europe , 
  lots of potatos froze that winter . 
   have army of accountants ready to help you with tax evasion . 
  that 's ireland 's secret , really . 
  all the big companies ( apple , microsoft , facebook ... etc ) have their european hq there for a reason . 
  they do n't pay any sales tax in any other eu country than ie . 
  would you eat mine ? 
  i can , i thought you were being serious , because that 's how people usually are in this subreddit if you 're not northerner enough . 
  my bad . 
  it 's not about that she was the first female defence minister despite what the title suggests ... she was a relevant politician , so you 're giving a false image here that does n't represent anything about us . 
  please no . 
  holy shit , yes !,
