  highest one must be around 4/10 , at most . 
  ... to start masturbating furiously ? 
  same in spain , people vote * against * , not for , and all politicians are rather shit in their ratings . 
  stupid low petrol prices , stupid ecb , stupid domestic cons ... oh wait ... 
  he eats french ? 
  well at least it 's more fat-free than eating americans . 
  dude , the french state is the most centralist thing right now ... spain being very very decentralized compared to that , but i tell you that 's not enough for me , i too want a federation style relationship and of course a spanish republic ( that includes the catalan nation ) . 
  i know what you mean , but i did n't mean that paris gets that kind of tourism , but that barcelona gets a huge amount of tourists probably not too far from paris . 
  and yes , the kind of tourism is different , but barcelona 's tourism is diverse as well , and there 's a lot of cultural tourism ( gaud\u00ed , sagrada familia , the liceu ... ) just wanted to say that our `` paris '' is not madrid ( as in both being the capitals and biggest cities ) but barcelona , in the terms i 've explained . 
   spain are you sure you mean spain and not `` the middle of the ocean '' ? 
  you probably think the interior of spain and things like [ this millenial-old historical building ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-h5czswegoos/vxdo2v6vx2i/aaaaaaaaetw/2uftaeajbs0/s1600/1.jpg ) do n't exist . 
  another thing would be that we do n't sell it very well , but there are many japanese around ( and not as many chinese , but they 're starting to come ) . 
  but seriously , you should check your facts ... 
  you do n't get that kind of tourism in cities like madrid or the monumental cities ( toledo , \u00c1vila , segovia ... ) in the interior . 
  i think that 's only in barcelona and ibiza most of the time . 
  the southern part of the levante is full of elderly brits and germans and the north gets the same kind of tourism that the interior gets . 
  in all that regard , france and spain are pretty much the same , except our paris is barcelona instead of madrid . 
  actually it has much more to do with an urban/rural difference rather than ideologies based on the origin of the people of catalonia , so that logic is only valid for those that do care about the origin . 
  i doubt they refuse or do n't feel part of the catalan culture . 
  it 's just that some exclude the catalan culture from being part of spain 's diversity and how spaniards are ( catalans , basques , castilians , galicians , valencians , asturians ... etc ) while others do n't . 
  which is very very different . 
  it is as simply as [ looking at the data ] ( http://images.eldiario.es/catalunya/distribuye-voto_ediima20150928_0023_5.jpg ) , not just what flags people wear the most . 
  [ even with their 9n \\ ( the independentist movement called for a referendum that was n't official at the end and only participated a part of the population , mostly just people in favor of a change in the status quo \\ ) shows that just the interior rural areas the independence won based on the census . 
  they have a majority in the parliament because of the d'hondt electoral law , that greatly favors these rural areas . 
  barcelona and its metropolitan area has the least independentist party sum in every election  pretty sure they like it . 
  of course . 
  * and , if gibraltar wanted to have access to the single market and the rights we enjoy today of free movement , we would have to once again consider joint sovereignty with spain * if spain = portugal then you 're right . 
  except not . 
  come to spain please , 
  well i think the 99 % agrees with that ... 
  so what ? 
  the point is literally non-existant . 
  we do n't have a problem of a huge community of non-white people refusing to speak the language . 
  we do have a problem of british people refusing to speak the language ... why the hell would you bring up that some people is racist when it 's not even what we 're discussing ? 
  and why would you say that people in spain do n't care or do n't complain about colonies of brits in the levante , south and canarias that refuse to speak the language of the place ? 
  i mean , you 're asturian , have you been there for a long period of time to check ???? 
  i just do n't understand what you two are talking about . 
  we are talking about real , existant issues , not making up stuff because racism exist . 
  ( sorry for the rant ), 
  last time i checked , you guys were talking about the double standard * in spain * regarding not complaining about those brits that refuse to speak the language but doing so with supposedly cases of non-white africans and arabs that do the same ... am i right ? 
  if that 's the case , then it 's a non-issue . 
  because you 're making that shit up by comparing something that does n't exist ( a * huge * community of africans or arabs that refuse to speak the language versus one that actually does ) . 
  you 're making the double standard , actually . 
  since you and / u/gkat are simply making up this story ... 
  i do n't remember any news regarding what you 're talking about ( a very big community of non-spaniards that refuse to speak the language , besides the british retirees ) , plus i do n't think there are 200,000 to 2 million africans or arabs living in our country mostly because they retire and go to the coast and build their ghettos ( they instead are usually young and work hard in very bad conditions sometimes ) . 
  when that happens , then we can compare . 
  not even pointing out the fact that arabs and africans most of the time speak a very unique broken spanish , that are usually mocked ( because it would n't be us if we did n't ) in a good way ... so yes they actually try . 
  please be more serious and stop making up shit when there 's not . 
  spain is fairly tolerant unless you 're the kind of guy that goes `` spain is a backwards country except my own piece of progressive , advanced land within spain '' . 
  he 's saying they should be expelled , you 're saying that people would complain . 
  i complain that anyone that comes to spain refueses to speak in any of the languages that we use in spain to communicate with eachother ( either be spanish , catalan , basque , galician ... but you know , speak what the native speaks ) . 
  but even if i complain i do n't think we should expel anyone . 
  they 're two very very different points . 
  actually the expelling thing is not even a point , just a radical idea . 
  that 's very francoist of you o_o, 
  you got ta add the / s because some people actually agree lol . 
  nice flag you 've got there . 
  \u00a1 viva la rep\u00fablica !, 
  i obviously meant lax ( bad translation from laxativo , which is not laxante ) . 
  and the water in spain ca n't be improven because it 's basically top notch ... except for the [ levante ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levante,_spain ) . 
  there avoid tap water at all costs !!, 
  madrid 's water is the best :p, 
  which is part of spain , for at least half the population . 
  and that spanish is the first language in use in catalonia also says a lot ( even when the vehicular language is catalan in the education ) . 
  we actually cringe when people call bar\u00e7a the city . 
  it 's either barna or bcn . 
  there were a lot of controversies about the project . 
  adelson wanted a series of tax heaven measures and pro-smoking laws that was going against the eu common law and the standards that we already had in spain and the autonomous community of madrid . 
  the central government itself said no , but the regional government was more laxative . 
  many many people were against this project because it could cause a lot of trouble : gambling and such provoking lots of financial and tax evasion stuff , adding crime and drugs problems that this kind of theme parks bring ( more concerned about the crime stuff tbf ) . 
  oh , and also the idea that this was the continuation of the `` mentalidad del pelotazo y econom\u00eda del ladrillo '' ( i actually do n't know how to translate this , if you do n't understand it tell me and i 'll try to make an effort lol ) . 
  many parties claimed that we should focus on i+d + i , new technologies , renewables , it industry etc. 
  instead of this kind of stuff . 
  ... turned out [ we actually have a chinese substitute ] ( http://www.elconfidencialdigital.com/dinero/madrid-sustituto-eurovegas-macro-complejo-millones_0_2382961683.html ) . 
  this time with no casinos , and a 7bn $ investment , in the south of madrid as well . 
  i do n't want to oppose forever to this kind of things because i know they 're good for spain in the long run probably . 
  and more for a city like madrid , that 's seeing how the big events are leaving for barcelona instead :(, 
  [ benidorm has 400k population for like half the year , or more ] ( http://www.abc.es/hemeroteca/historico-27-08-2007/abc/valencia/doce-localidades-costeras-superan-los-100000-habitantes-en-verano_164532275925.html )  the 70k number is just the people in the census , but the actual people in the city is much bigger , because of its status of big holiday sky-touching city . 
  yes , i prefer barcelona in almost every aspect , and i actually prefer bcn over madrid landmark-wise , but san francisco just looks nicer to me . 
  maybe it 's a bias because i like how us cities look , with cities around 200k inhabitants with awesome high skyscrapers everywhere . 
  it 's fucking big . 
  it just goes upwards instead of wide , [ being the city with the most skyscrapers per capita in the world . 
  too soon . 
  an italian actually knowing this o_o i mean , that was pathetic , the regional government trying to change every law just to please sheldon adelson ... and that with half the population against the project . 
  good thing it did n't happen i say . 
  madrid = atlanta . 
  san francisco fits barcelona very well , but san francisco landmarks are superior in that regard ( i mean , the golden gate is so kewl ) . 
  barcelona 's nightlife  san francisco nightlife , though . 
  and the mediterranean is also superior , always :p and yeah , barcelona is definitely not sub-tropical . 
  are you kidding ? 
  they 're fairly common in spain as well . 
  and they 're cool af . 
  why would n't i expect it ? 
  greece is awesome . 
  i do . 
  but nutella is clearly and objectively superior , sorry guyz :p, 
  nocilla is much more sweet and tastes more to chocolate . 
  i prefer nutella for instance . 
  here it 's around 0,80 $ / l but it can go up to 1 $ / l as well . 
  from known brands i mean , if you try to find * marca blanca * ( marque de distributeur ) then it might be cheaper .
