  yeah exactly , inner spain is interesting af . 
  source on the `` vast majority '' of spanish-speaking people refusing to speak catalan in those areas ? 
  ah , no , you just pulled that one out from your arse . 
  you do n't need to go very high , madrid is already at 700 meters above sea level . 
  my second house is at ~ 900 within mountains ( with mediterranean vegetation btw ) and we get a lot of snowfall every winter . 
  and it 's like 30-40min . 
  from madrid . 
  obviously if you go to the tallest mountains in the area which are ~ 2000 meters is much more hardcore . 
  since when we claim madeira ? 
  rip, 
  i 'd say it 's easier to find snow just ~ 50km from where i am ( sistema central , an important central mountain range in spain ) or even the city itself than ireland . 
  just because the climate is very oceanic , temperate and humid , but not below 0\u00bac very usually . 
  just like galicia or asturias i guess . 
  ok ... maybe not everywhere . 
  but it is a normal max temp for madrid the whole winter ( unless there 's a coldwave , which is way lower ), 
  mate , we have central heating half the year and all the fucking air conditioners the other half xd i just like cloudy , rainy , chilly days . 
  well , 11\u00bac in southern europe is a good example of a max daily temp in february . 
  ireland ? 
  yes , i do love that weather . 
  but i prefer snow from time to time xd, 
  northern spain too, 
  but it 's 11\u00bac and 12\u00bac max ... that 's * still * winter to me . 
  lol, 
  or what about no ? 
  why would we do what you think is right ? 
  well it 's not going to happen , sorry . 
  i do n't think you would be able to do much . 
  the uk is nothing compared to what it was once ... just like spain . 
  we assumed it though , but you are still in denial . 
  that 's precisely the least humid area in spain . 
  and it 's just a small corner of the peninsula , in the south eeast ( almer\u00eda province ) where there 's a bit of semirarid climate . 
  murcia has a different geology , which explains why it also looks `` arid '' . 
  but it actually is n't . 
  that is simply not true . 
  it 's like saying that a big chunk of catalans hate the rest of spaniards . 
  it 's just untrue . 
  more like ... the most andalucian of the british towns . 
  not because the rest of spain do n't want to , precisely . 
  holy shit you ca n't say `` catalan '' without having the same little catalan franco as always here bitching about the spaniards and leaving a line of nationalist poop all over the thread . 
  anyway beautiful city ( and island ) , i hope i can visit it someday . 
  switzerland is a single federalized state . 
  their regions mantain their autonomy . 
  spain works similarly although we 're not a confederation but the regions maintain their own parliament , laws , education , health ... you 're mixing things up . 
  catalan culture and language is part of spain and as such is recognized in the constitution and by 99 % of the spanish people . 
  you do n't want that , and that 's your ideology , but the reality is what it is : the catalan culture and language is part of spain just like castillian or galician or asturian or basque are part of it . 
  spain is exactly the sum of all of that ( and a bit more ) . 
  not really , they 're plains , aridness is not the problem , it 's just a mix of things including lack of industralization of these rural areas , hard access to the sea due to geography and others . 
  spain is very diverse , not `` arid '' or `` desertic '' . 
  there 's just a couple corners that can be called semiarid , and that 's it . 
  yes exactly that , our cities are super densely populated , and then you get out of them and there 's a lot of space . 
  that 's why you can have almost 50m people in a place with a lot of empty space . 
  i expect the same because humans are jerks too often . 
  you should n't assume that spaniards are like that . 
  well i live in madrid so ... 
  i guess the risk is more or less equal . 
  so like madrid , we get snow only once or twice per winter . 
  it actually snowed yesterday , but not too much and definitely not enough to see everything covered . 
  but when we get a good 10-15 cm snow mantle it gets crazy ( madrid gets really bad traffic-wise very easily ) . 
  this winter the whole mediterranean coast got covered in snow though , which is a bit more unusual than snow in madrid . 
  there 's this joke about that every portuguese is a towel salesman , because apparently many of us buy that when we are in the border or are sold all over the place for cheap . 
  we love portugal , it 's just that we do n't seem to pay the attention portugal deserves . 
  but ask any spaniard about portugal and the only `` bad '' things coming from their mouths are the bad jokes about towels :p, 
  yes , yes i do . 
  actually both galicia and portugal belong equally to the galaicoportuguese old people . 
  sorry mate it 's the other way around , portugal belongs to galicia . 
  must visit someday ... but i hate crowded places . 
  might not be the best year to visit then :p, 
  saying that something that can actually happen is never going to happen is a way to make sure you keep on lying to yourself . 
  just keep on like that . 
  no , he has a range of different opinions and views from you . 
  podemos is still ok and there are 5 million others that think the same . 
  deal with it . 
  where are you seeing that difference ? 
  because the previous map was imf estimations for 2016 . 
  the difference is closer than that and we actually have surpassed italy . 
  also i did n't downvote you . 
  the difference western/eastern is much more evident even in your own maps trying to depict something else . 
  spain is really equal to france or other western countries in most indicators minus unemployment . 
  also , credit rating ... really ? 
  because `` southern europe '' is not a homogeneous group ? 
  remember when there was only western or eastern europe ? 
  the crisis changed it . 
  but seriously , people need to know a bit more than just stereotypes and prejudices ... 
  gim me some hawt hairy shirtless greek guys and i 'll cede you our position . 
  ### get the eurofighters, 
  madrid is the best triangle . 
   if spain would be considered a nation of nations , the catalan problem would n't exist . 
  i guarantee . 
  i would instantly sign that ... but i know it 's just not true . 
  it wo n't stop there . 
  ps : for clarification , i 'd still sign that ( even if it would n't be the end of the issue ) because i do believe on it . 
  holy shit i never realized we were 130 million people in only those 4 countries . 
  here 's hoping you join us . 
  i 'd also love italy to follow that path . 
  no i never used sunscreen except when i knew i was going to spend hours under the sun ( the beach , for example ), 
  do you know if schulz plans to put germany with the rest of us and allow gay marriage ? 
  do n't forget about ham\u00f3n . 
   shakira law, 
  an universal figure that produced an universal piece of art . 
  the spanish language would have been different without him .
