  why do you think spain is above the law ? 
  spain has signed that it will apply and respect human rights , and if something against that is done by spain everything is prepared to prosecute it and punish it . 
  that 's how things are solved in a democratic way and not performing terror attacks on the population or the security forces , fyi . 
  do you know this one ? 
  what is ridiculous is that a graduated in history ( that has the need to claim it as well ) do n't know that the definition of nation is subjective , and in the case of catalonia-spain , they have many common roots , and even more in the case of catalonia-valencia-baleares . 
  you should apply it . 
  start by reading what / u/toreon said , then think , then write . 
  the right to self-determination is appliable by peoples that are actually captivated/opressed , and it does n't revolve about getting a sovereign state . 
  this is not the case of catalonia . 
  most people give a fuck about how basques spend their taxes . 
  if you think that 's the issue then you 're lost . 
  it 's not how the territory is organized , no . 
  it has nothing to do with it . 
  also , do you really think the rest of the country 's top priority is if the basques collect their own taxes or how they spend them ? 
  wtf where do you even live . 
  what ? 
  the solution would be calling every autonomous community a `` state '' . 
  and we would be in the same fucking exact phase : `` we are not special enough '' do you think i 'm against that ? 
  lol , if i could do it , we would be like switzerland . 
  confederation all the way with much more direct democracy ( with it 's downsides ) . 
  there we go , it 's confirmed . 
  spanish are backwards , and this is true because a ~ ~ self-deprecating ~ ~ spanish just confirmed it . 
  ho-ly shit , it 's official , spain backwards country . 
  we did it , reddit !, 
  as if you did n't just ventilate all the bullshit you can , and more . 
   i 've never seen such claim coming from a catalan here http://www.eldiario.es/catalunyaplural/ciu-lespanya-subsidiada-catalunya-productiva_0_171133131.html i see , i see . 
  the problem here is that you 're not well informed enough , and you lack all the info to judge accordingly . 
  there you go , there you have it . 
  yes : we have heard that kind of shit coming from many places in catalonia . 
  it 's not our fault that you did n't hear about it , but they exist . 
  i can send you more when i get home , in case your next argument is it 's just one . 
  here 's the twist : it 's not . 
  please if you do n't share this discourse just do n't spread the other kind of bullshit that they too spread . 
  we do n't eat baby catalans . 
   holds catalunya against its will here it iiiiiis . 
  no one is willing to kill others for this in recent years ( i.e. 
  in the democratic spain ) . 
  you 're going too far that it 's just out of the actual reality . 
  the only ones that did it during democracy were ultranationalist extremist independentists ( terra lliure ) . 
  sort of like a mini-eta but in the context of catalan independentism . 
  and they are no longer ... even if one of their killers took a photo with the president of the generalitat and other political figures of the independentism very recently . 
   typical spanish backwards mentality . 
  you ca n't be more backwards , so you must be spanish according to your own mental process . 
  spain is not an empire anymore , plus it 's a democracy right now , plus it respects human rights and the decolonizations processes ( obviously catalonia is not a colony ) . 
  now what ? 
  what 's the next retarded thing you 're going to say ? 
   as spain keeps all the taxes that 's not how the actualy thing works . 
  the rest ... it 's stupid . 
  plain and simple . 
  only economical ( collect their own taxes ) , not political , which is what it is about . 
  i 'm a federalist , but spain is not a centralist state right now , despite the retarded ( because it 's untrue ) propaganda saying that it is . 
  we are closer to germany 's territorial administration than to france 's ( and vastly so . ), 
  the polls by ceo show the portion that support catalonia becoming an independent state falling . 
  the problem with you is that you ca n't face the reality . 
  independentism is a pain in the ass for more than half the population in catalonia , but your reality wo n't let you see that . 
  you will only face disappointment once you realize catalonia wo n't be an independent country because the catalans themselves do n't want to , not because the evil madrilenians do n't want . 
  get over it . 
   catalonia throws shit at the rest of spain with proclaims like `` productive catalonia works for leecher andalousia/extremadura '' . 
  see ? 
  this sounds stupid , you 're right in the sense that there 's stupidity in here . 
  this is exactly the same stupid thing you just said , generalising the same way :  spain ignores it 's demographics and territorial distribution for the sake of sucking madrid 's cock . 
  the reality is ... it 's not true . 
  none of the statements , and the only stupid thing is the time you 're wasting to others by letting them read your stupid nonsense that no alienated people will eat . 
  i do n't deny what has happened and then invent my own reality so it can fit me very handy . 
  so no , i 'm sure it 's not my problem . 
  wo n't have anny effects . 
  spain is a democratic country that can enforce its own laws . 
  trust me , it 's better this way . 
  no one will lend you anyway . 
  just check how 's the catalan * bono * going ( inb4 you argue that 's because of the rest of spain/mordor aka madrid , as well , of course ! ), 
  this is the whole point of catalan independentism . 
  they do n't like `` el caf\u00e9 para todos '' ( coffee for everyone , i.e. 
  giving the same power to all the regions of spain in a federal way ) because that makes them less special . 
  they want a special status , sort of like what ibarretxe wanted for the basque country ( `` mutually allied states '' rather than one region part of a state ) . 
  because barcelona does n't have a nationalistic movement that throws shit at the rest of the citizens in catalonia and treat them like leechers . 
  also , usually they say spain is very centralistic ... but i have yet to find something more centralistic than barcelona compared to the rest of catalonia . 
  the question would be : do you even think catalonia is there * alone * and the rest of spain has nothing to do with it ? 
  because that 's the real question . 
  do n't worry / r/europe . 
  the president of an autonomous community in spain do n't have the power to do this . 
  it will be another show , and then nothing else because spain is a democratic state with laws , and this could have happened point by point in france , or italy , or germany . 
  a different thing would be the political discussion . 
  but even today in catalonia independentism is falling according to official catalan polls done by the generalitat itself . 
  not romanian . 
  romance language ( comes from latin , just like romanian ) . 
  romanian and valencian are part of the same family of romance languages . 
  well it 's another ibero-romance language after all . 
  it 's meant to kids ( mainly ) , apparently . 
  this probably wo n't be very popular , but i was amazed to find this via [meneame.net ] ( https://www.meneame.net/story/video-aprender-geografia-espana-ritmo-country-eng ) enjoy !, 
  madrid is not flat like amsterdam . 
  it 's actually full of inclinations and hills . 
  there are up to 100-200 meters above sea level of difference between different parts of the city , in a place that 's ~ 700m and close to mountains . 
   but how does having 3 type of toilet will fix any of this ? 
  i do n't know , i did not ask for this . 
  not at all , but the interactions with other guys do n't start or finish at the toilet . 
  yeah i too think it 's a state of mind and a lot has to do with self esteem . 
  when i 'm in a good moment i usually do n't find this issue . 
  the problem is that it 's very easy to me to fall into it again . 
   would you feel more confortable in the women bathroom ? 
  maybe , but only becuase i find women less mean about other 's people sexual orientation .
