  this could be possible , lol . 
  oh please , do n't rush it . 
  i 've lost the count of the times i 've said the psoe was dead . 
  last time they saved their own ass from the * sorpasso * . 
  that was sad . 
  i have my hopes they do n't get more than 40-50 seats in the next elections though . 
  nope . 
  for now . 
  pasok has been an inspiration for many left-wing people in spain ... wishing that psoe passes through the same process  could have been much faster , though !, 
  well they have common roots so it 's easy to think that . 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  we 'll see what happens now though . 
  my logic tells me they 'll now facilitate rajoy 's government ... but the party has suffered so much at this point that i 'm not even sure . 
  next elections are going to be the psoe-killer though . 
  they 'll be lucky if they get 40 seats . 
  other sources ( in spanish ) eldiario.es http://www.eldiario.es/politica/lucha-interna-psoe_13_563923603_8337.html elpais.com http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/10/01/actualidad/1475297694_424311.html elmundo.es http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2016/10/01/57effbe6468aebeb2f8b45fa.html elperiodico.com http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/psoe-comite-federal-ultimas-noticias-5438578, 
  there are laws against that , no one forces you , it 's not imposed slavery ... more like self pressure most of the time . 
  but again , it does n't happen around me . 
  not in my case , that +4 hours free daily sound like bullshit , but i would never deny that many people probably work for free more than they should ( because pressure , because culture of `` the boss is still here '' , etc. ), 
  there 's always a minimum of unemployment because people do n't stay in their job positions forever and there are transitionary moments from one job to another . 
  this is very basic stuff in economics ... 
  yeah , the interior of spain is as continentalized as that , and can really get rough for people used to softened temperatures due to the atlantic . 
  not really . 
  not many countries can afford one of these , actually , and i bet there are many that want one despite so . 
  spain has the worst in-between-periods . 
  that people do n't know what to wear makes it worse . 
  here people usually wear the clothes suited for the current season , but that 's not how it works since you can have 30\u00bac days and 5\u00bac days in the same month right now ( same in spring ) . 
  i think you refer to some very specific areas of spain , like canary islands , or some specific coastal places . 
  and this is how you make shit up stuff i did n't say nor imply . 
  so for you , critizing your government means i 'm critizing you , an ideology , and the * people that voted * for the ruling party . 
  you 're so simple . 
  yes i try to imply many things with that . 
  it 's not even interesting to chat with you , you just make shit up and when i say i did n't mean that you just say `` yes you did '' . 
   news from catalonia all come from spanish media , where we are constantly portrayed as sheep and we are called totalitarians and the like . 
  so all spanish media portray catalans as sheep and totalitarians . 
  and you point me of making a bad and generalistic point of view of you all ( which i did n't ) , just to find yourself saying that . 
  lol . 
  seriously , you 're a fucking joke . 
  you . 
  not the independentists . 
  your comment :  that you suggest a low intellectual level from the independence supporters my comment :  what i said is that your government is taking advantage of the desire of some of you to become independent , to just make up a bullshit drama that not just wo n't get you to independence at all but it 's just a fucking smokescreen to hide their own shitty rule ... which is really , really bad . 
  you again :  it 's literally what you wrote ... no , it 's not . 
  quit lying or i 'll start thinking you are a bit mentally handicapped ... because of * yourself * not because of your political ideas  or just quote it straight . 
  you wo n't or you would either copy something and add a paragraph trying to make it look what it was n't . 
  because you 're just a liar , and a * really * bad one . 
  you can play that card , the victimist one , or you can just be honest and not lie about what i say or suggest that 's not true . 
  but that 's asking you ( for being yourself , not indepe ) way too much . 
  psoe did n't invent federalism nor socio-liberalism . 
  far , far from it . 
  no party holds the exclusive rights of a particular ideology . 
  if you feel social-democrat you do n't have to vote psoe automatically , necesarily . 
  and that without counting people that just change their mind . 
  no , it 's precisely * that * argument of yours that makes it impossible to have a rational conversation with some of you . 
  i did n't say that , you should try to quote next time instead of doing fake advertisements of what i did not say . 
  what i said is that your government is taking advantage of the desire of some of you to become independent , to just make up a bullshit drama that not just wo n't get you to independence at all but it 's just a fucking smokescreen to hide their own shitty rule ... which is really , really bad . 
  get it now ? 
  the drama bullshit is believing that preparing another `` special date '' just after the next 11-s is only just `` because we listen our people '' and not just to gift a whole new year to convergencia to govern the generalitat the shittiest way possible . 
  but sure , you can board in the badwagon that everything bad comes from madrid and the only bad guy here is the central government . 
  it 's just that then you would be terribly wrong , but just that . 
  yes , it 's going to be drama bullshit , because that referendum if happens wo n't be recognized by any eu country or western country . 
  there wo n't be `` unionists '' going to vote no , just like what happened 9n . 
  it 's just bullshit drama , more fresh air for convergencia . 
  just wait , and see , but do n't hold your breath for indepedence , because it wo n't happen . 
  it dind ' t happen in 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 nor 2016 ... and guess what wo n't happen in 2017 . 
  nope . 
  that 's too simplistic . 
  there has been a lot of articles and actual sociologic studies about it . 
  the tl ; dr is that many psoe voters went to podemos , but like 60 % of podemos voters are both abstentioners and new voters . 
  and for ciudadanos is similar with the particular thing that they come from pp . 
  and some from psoe , but not so significant . 
  psoe is about to split now , not before . 
  dude , this is the worst crisis a political party has suffered in spain ... in the whole history , very close to what happened with ucd . 
  it means psoe could be splitted in two , literally . 
  it could even mean the defunction of the party ( i wished ) . 
  let 's just grab the popcorn and enjoy ourselves . 
  we will have time to eat some more next year with yeeeet another proindepe drama bullshit . 
  m\u00e9xico and spain are very close friends today . 
  more like you did n't have good enough information in first hand . 
  also , m\u00e9xico was really nice with the second spanish republic and the legitimate democratic government . 
  also accepted thousands of spanish having to go there because of the civil war and the fascist dictatorship . 
  \u2665 portugal is also probably one of the best places to be in the world imho . 
  but i pronounce it ( in spanish ) with the spanish / x / like in xil\u00f3fono . 
  hah , take that . 
  hence why we do n't need to be the richest to still being one of the most loved and visited countries in the world . 
  fuck yeah , another chance to getting someone to vote for us !, 
  goddamit catalonia , basque country and galicia need to gain independence already to get those juicy eurovision pointz . 
  andorra and portugal are a disgrace at this point . 
   we consider brits as drunk funks who love to get into brawls this is the problem . 
  the people that actually believes this are stupid ignorants that do n't know the reality of the united kingdom and its people . 
  exactly the same happens with spain and its people . 
  the other people that think this is how spain is are ignorant . 
  the differences among countries like france , spain , uk , the netherlands ... etc. 
  are minor and if you mock one of them for something they do you 're probably either mocking the others without knowing or just mocking something that does n't happen or is n't common at all . 
  again , out of ignorance . 
  i hope he 's not . 
  is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jycnrne.jpg ) the reality of the uk ? 
  answer is no . 
  is it a part of it ? 
  yes , but not what you see there on a daily basis everywhere . 
  this is exactly the same .
