  makes no sense . 
  since when france is not * also * southern europe ? 
  just like spain is * also * western europe . 
  til being in southern europe is something `` bad '' and a label you must avoid . 
  oh come on , do n't be fool . 
  i forgot renzi stopped being the pm very recently , my bad . 
  we use `` moneda '' to mean `` coin '' instead . 
  what if it 's against the also democratic constitution and parties are majoritarily against allowing the needed change to hold it ? 
  why is more democratic to , either break the constitutional laws , or bypass the decision of a majority of deputees in the congress than to just respect the rules and try it legally ? 
  let 's go to space . 
  wan na go to space ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xekms62grti ) . 
  beating the women to death for adultery in some arabic countries is also `` cultural '' since it 's part of the culture . 
  `` no big deal '' , eh ? 
  obviously this is not as harming , but that excuse is hilariously stupid . 
  edit : got downvoted but no replies so i guess there 's nothing to be proven wrong . 
  keep going , some arabic cultures are fucking terrible , i know . 
   but somehow americans can pull that shit off . 
  just because we 've seen it so many times in their movies that it just feels natural when it 's them . 
  but it 's not natural in democratic/liberty standards . 
  never . 
  i did n't know about that town , looks so picturesque . 
  i do n't know , does n't look like i would only wear that [ with their weather for the whole week ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2rhm2jt.png ) . 
  those are the usual temperatures for many places in spain in winter , that includes this area as well . 
  looks like you were lucky with way higher-than-average temps for the season/month . 
  or in jeans and t-shirts ? 
  ... or both ? 
  and japan is like the third world economy and has a 200 % public debt over gdp . 
  so what . 
  spain is the fourth euro economy as well btw . 
  / r/europe absurd filters still kicking in when you try to send something else than an imgur link . 
  here 's the spanish mediterranean coast this past morning : https://twitter.com/gva112/status/821647369552928768, 
  this is in [ d\u00e9nia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%a9nia ) btw . 
  today was a cold one in the whole pen\u00ednsula , and we expect the snow to appear in all the interior next friday . 
  it snowed in places like cartagena or murcia , which did n't see the snow in more than 30 years . 
  even ceuta was warned . 
  what does belfast have to do with this ? 
  can i use the tagus river water to chill myself ? 
  lol and i thought i was misinformed but saying that spain officially throws nuclear waste in a river is too much . 
  it 's not even worth debating such non-issue . 
  and i was with portugal with this . 
  the only thing they are asking is an environmental study , not that we close the nuclear facility . 
  i just googled a bit more and almaraz is not even in the border . 
  so more like ... that nuclear thingy that uses the tajo river to cool the whole thing down . 
  aww , he 's mad : c, 
  yeah but it 's like the only shit we use it on . 
  `` cuarto de libra '' without more information already sounds like an hamburger to me . 
  i meant that what it is about . 
  k i 'm out, 
  i know right , even about the nuclear stockpile most people in spain do n't know what 's going on and/or really care . 
  it sucks but it 's not something i can change alone ( besides talking about it to my other spanish coworkers , family and friends ) i guess this is what the french feel towards spain , the bigger/richer neighbour usually just looking down or ignoring the lesser part . 
  it 's even worse when we are essentially almost the same people ( but not so much regarding the french , ahem . 
  they 're just cousins ), 
  i mean , sometimes i hoped they were n't as integrated as they are ... they vote pp massively there lol . 
  too much integration , very pp, 
  but where ? 
  damn you romania , what 's up with you ... that increase is n't even normal plus it moves us to the second place . 
  what are we doing to you ? 
  is it about that nuclear thingy in the border ? 
  in any case ... it does n't matter because seat is no longer spanish iirc :(, 
   by your preferred towels salesmen jajajajaja, 
  have you ever been to castilla y le\u00f3n ? 
  the whole place gets pretty snowy in winter , and no you do n't need to go to the mountains . 
  it 's just that spain 's average height is much higher than that of portugal , which has a stronger atlantic influence due to being a kind of coastal country . 
  but the peninsula gets a lot of snow here ... 
  i was in robledo and valdemaqueda this past night , and it was below the freezing point with strong wind . 
  not the same in the capital ( where i am now ) indeed . 
  honestly that 's how winter is in january or so , where precipations are lower than average for the winter ... in the rest of the months of the winter it 's a bit more humid than that . 
  if we had only sun we would be a fucking desert . 
  snow is not that rare in iberia , except for some selected coastal areas . 
  in madrid it 's cold af . 
  not snow for now , though . 
  at least we 're better than france and italy . 
  thanks i 'll take note of it . 
  say bacon one more time ... 
  lol they invented a whole new story . 
  here this wasn ' even relevant news nation-wide , because he was a poor loco bastard . 
  nothing to do with jihadism . 
  well it 's not like that ... here 's much more representative : http://imgur.com/a/t4q7r in order : desierto de monegros ( zaragoza , interior , ebro depression ) , cantabric coast , sierra de albarrac\u00edn ( teruel , interior-east ) , valle del jerte ( c\u00e1ceres , interior-west ) , picos de europa ( asturias , north ) , segovia ( interior-centre ) , la mancha ( interior-south ) , granada ( south , close to the coast but a bit elevated actually ) . 
  no tropical stuff because ... we have like 5 % of semi-tropical climates and it 's everything in canarias , 
  greece is over 4000 km far from the equator . 
  we get heavy snows in spain every single winter , and [ not just in the mountains ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwn5opcfoa0 ) . 
  might not be every year for a city like barcelona ( like in the vid ) , but for example in madrid it 's a bit more common , and if you go to any province capital in any of the two castiles you 'll find heavy snowfall several times in the winter and early spring . 
  that road must be saltier than three thousand prepubescent overwatch players, 
  they even pray to them in italy xd, 
  what / u/reinierpersoon said ... but i 'll put `` ditch the casta system '' in first place . 
  that sounds like a nightmare to me . 
  i live in a neighbourhood with many gitanos ( roma people in spanish ) . 
  i can tell you that while not being a racial thing ( obviously ) , it 's true that there 's something in the culture that they pass to their descendants . 
  there 's this view that `` the * payos * ( non-roma people ) are bad to us so we have to take care for ourselves and never trust one '' . 
  yes , it 's actually a racist behaviour and it 's very much deep inside that culture i 'm talking about . 
  this kind of thinking usually treats non-roma people as `` dumb '' or as lower because they 're not `` smart '' enough to cheat in life ( by following the rules ie laws , for example ) . 
  sometimes there 's conflict between this and the law , because not all but many of them do n't follow some laws because they do n't consider `` it 's for them '' . 
  many young ones do assault old people to get their wallet or purse , while the older ones might be involved in some drug dealing stuff . 
  also those involved in this culture are extremely sexist , are uneducated and actually leave the school very early in exchange of some shady practices as i mentioned already and others too in this thread . 
  this is not something that i try to say `` every roma people do this '' ... because it 's not true and that 's racist , and as i said this is not a racial issue , but a cultural one . 
  but this is what happens in most places in my city with them ... so non-roma people just try to avoid them . 
  roma people are not looked down because of their skin color , it 's all about the culture and the lack of integration ( in spain school is free and obligatory , obviously for everyone including them , but they do n't make use of this way which is essential to integrate ) . 
  and there are 2 million gitanos in spain , second biggest population iirc . 
  this was asked from a prosecutor , not a firm sentence , so your post is all full of bullshit , and your title is simply just as stupid . 
  i like madrid 's too because it 's a very straightforward excel with everything but put in a simple way so you can actually `` play '' with it .
