   delis in france ca n't be truly kosher or halal , and must sell pork products . 
  this is completely untrue . 
  there was a story a few months ago about a supermarket that stopped selling alcohol and pork . 
  the problem is that the town had given them a licence as a generic supermarket . 
  they were ordered to respect their licence , that 's all . 
  i am not a le pen supporter and i will never vote for the front national , however , putting the focus on jews is just utter bullshit . 
  she said she would like a ban on all highly visible religious symbols in the public space , including the burkini , large crosses and kippahs . 
  but now it sounds like anti muslims and jews , when in fact what she said is a form of extreme anti religious statement . 
  it 's bullshit and she is stupid , but she did not focus on jews like the title of the article seems to imply . 
  article that returns a 404 for me , by the way . 
  i agree with all you said except this :  and that 's why you do n't shit on individual liberties for populist purposes . 
  unfortunately , for those idiot politicians it 's a win-win situation . 
  they can claim that `` they tried '' and it 's those left-leaning judges fault ; appealing even more to the populist vote . 
  my first thought too . 
  we totally need something like this in france . 
  i heard it on the radio a couple years ago . 
  it stuck with me because my wife was a lecturer in psychology at a french university . 
  according to her , 90 % of students are women that just want to `` expand their horizon '' or something like this . 
  it 's also well known that there are as many 1st year psychology students in france as there are psychologists working as such . 
  i am not trying to defend the stupidity of this mayor , but you just read the title . 
  the statement translated reads : `` already , complaints were filed to prosecute those who spread the photographs of our municipal police officers and those uttering threats against them on social networks . '', 
  it 's about the police work , not burkini photos . 
  you might want to explain your acronyms , because on / r/europe , surprisingly sometimes , not everyone is from the uk . 
  the most in-demand domains to study in france are psychology and sociology . 
  having diplomas from those domains leads to unemployment since there are few jobs . 
  this is stupid !, 
  for one thing , bridal veils do not completely hide a face . 
  secondly , the law has exceptions . 
  thirdly , you only wear a bridal veil in very limited circumstances . 
  it 's ok . just call it `` modesty '' and it becomes totally acceptable . 
  i did . 
  thanks, 
  sorry about this idiot !, 
  but to be fair , cycling has been under a lot of suspicions lately . 
  on a higher note , france will beat her record on the number of medals won , despite the abyssal performance of the french swimmers and cyclists . 
  france is not doing great in rio . 
  0 gold in swimming is very poor . 
  it 's a sea !, 
  no problem , it was quite funny . 
  for those that do not know the term , `` gendarmes '' comes from the french `` gens d'armes '' meaning men at arms . 
   germanderie sounds like a cross between german and gendarmerie . 
  get back to work !, 
  so basically a normal day ? 
  ( my butler typed that ), 
  he could have used his bath towel , but it was reserving a spot elsewhere . 
   ludwigshafen really ? 
  there is little to visit . 
  not only cheaper . 
  how will the dutch track their caravan to france with an electric car ? 
  they will need to recharge it every 200km or so !, 
  they fail to mention the most incredible cave in france , [ la caverne du pont d'arc ] ( http://en.cavernedupontdarc.fr ) . 
  an amazing duplicate has been built and opened last year . 
  a lot older than lascaux and personally , i found it a lot more interesting . 
  the map for france is a bit misleading . 
  it 's split into 22 or so regions that are a lot bigger than most others . 
  at least one region ( around toulouse ) is bigger than the netherlands . 
  even the paris region is a lot bigger than paris and contains a lot of agricultural areas . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  in patents there are two different sets of addresses : 1 . 
  the assignee 's address which is the company 's correspondance address , and could be the company 's hq . 
  the inventors ' addresses which is their residence addresses . 
  i do n't know which one they have used here . 
  also the nice area and sophia antipolis . 
  i was in madrid on vacation a couple weeks ago and the madrid town hall had a huge `` refugees welcome '' sign . 
  i am not against the idea . 
  i think it is too difficult to implement for legal and practical reasons . 
  france has a very strict separation of church and state ( a lot stricter than the usa ) and strong equal protection laws too . 
  it 's completely impossible to have a law applying only to islam , so indeed , like you pointed out , it would apply to all religions . 
  this is probably the biggest hurdle for this kind of laws , and i doubt anything will , in fact , be done . 
  i read some time ago that the average ( possibly median ) pension in france is higher than the average salary . 
  that is pretty ridiculous . 
  in the eu , i would say scotland . 
   1664 that 's french ( kronenbourg ), 
  depending on how the economy is going with brexit and all , the irish government might have enough money to bribe uefa officials . 
  at last important news on this subreddit !, 
  it looks like a dozen losers . 
  that 's news !, 
  i would not call this a sinecure . 
  as far as i can tell , most if not all commissioners are pretty active in their duty . 
  the socialists are very conservative and call themselves progressists . 
  also let 's keep in mind that this is only one person 's stupid opinion and does not reflect anybody else 's . 
  it ' simply because the largest / r/europe group is the brits . 
  unfortunately , when they 'll leave the europe union ( corrected from just `` europe '' , since brits are whining about it ) , they 'll still be whining on / r/europe . 
  rugby has very different rules on who can play for which nation . 
  totally agree with you here . 
  many us office buildings i have been to over the last 20 years were too hot in winter and to cold in summer . 
  so people just opened windows to compensate when they could . 
  ridiculous . 
  not a law specialist , but those are examples of either laws that ca n't be applied anymore or laws made obsolete by other laws . 
  the latter on pants can not be enforced since laws on gender equality are in force . 
  according to a gallup poll via wikipedia , it was 4.5 % in france in 2009 . 
  it 's , i believe , local laws in france . 
  where i live , you can not make too much noise on sunday afternoon/evening . 
  you can mow your lawn after 9am , till midday sunday . 
  there 's more than one !, 
  because rich countries have industry that can help them repay their debt given time . 
  portugal has very little industry . 
  well , now your view of the netherlands is completely skewed . 
  there is a hill in nijmegen . 
  is nokia the future of mobile phones ?
