  the answer is surpisingly : no !, 
  many companies do not have a clock in/clock out system . 
  also if you travel for business , or are at a conference abroad , ... that would be painful to manage . 
   but c'mon there are strikes across all sectors of industry in france all the time . 
  this is very incorrect . 
  there are many strikes from teachers and transport workers . 
  very few outside those . 
  a survey is not a vote . 
  that 's not how democracy works !, 
  do you believe in all surveys you see ? 
  so again , if i am in favour of this law , who should i blockade ? 
  so the people that agree with the law can go fuck themselves . 
  unless they do what ? 
  block those that block them ? 
  your view of democracy is laughable . 
  the government has been elected and so has the parliament . 
  you might disagree with them , but they represent us . 
  a tiny minority of arseholes that block industries are not representative of the majority . 
  us , french , have this romantic view of the 1789 revolution and the french resistance ; and believe that it 's totally fine for people to create chaos . 
  it 's the blockade that is the main issue ( outside the violence ) . 
  how on earth can a blockade be justified ? 
  go post this on / r/france for a laugh and get ready to be downvoted to oblivion . 
  but seriously , a very small percentage of ( almost exclusively civil servants or associated ) people are on strike and it 's a fucking chaos . 
  but not only on strike , those fuckers are blocking areas and goods , illegally , and are stopping those that want to work from doing so . 
  we need this spineless government to arrest those blocking factories and roads . 
  none of those strikers have a clue about the real world ; they all have safe jobs in areas with virtually no competition from the rest of the world . 
  if anything , they should keep low-key and shut the fuck up . 
  the previous president ( sarkozy ) has not used the 49.3 and in fact made a law that limits it 's use . 
  summary of the last year for seed companies : * ( us ) dow and dupont merger * ( ch ) syngenta bought by a chinese company * ( de ) basf all but stop doing seed research * ( us/de ) monsanto might be bought by bayer * ( fr ) limagrain not doing anything as far as i can see . 
  ... ( he was joking !, 
  last year conversation with my us colleagues/friends : * `` do n't worry about him !, 
  he 'll go away soon '' * `` he 's just there for the show . 
  nobody take him seriously '' . 
  current conversation : * `` oh fuck !, 
  i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  i am sure he wo n't be elected . '', 
  massachusetts has lots of portuguese people , including the band extreme !, 
  in italy , for 30 years under the borgias , they had warfare , terror , murder and bloodshed , but they produced michelangelo , leonardo da vinci and the renaissance . 
  in switzerland they had brotherly love , they had 500 years of democracy and peace - and what did that produce ? 
  graham greene, 
  no , i have always voted . 
  i just do n't want to think about who i 'd vote for in this case . 
  me too . 
  i got offered a job in the netherlands and i declined . 
  i might change my mind . 
  just worthless francs . 
  good luck finding a job then !, 
  ah wait , m\u00e9lenchon is going to employ thousands more public servants with the money we do n't have . 
  good question . 
  my strategy in such situations is to hope for the best and not think about it !, 
  the solution being : let 's all be super poor !, 
  if he 's elected ( or if le pen is ) , i am leaving france . 
  if it is le pen , the best outcome would be that she will not get a majority at the parliament . 
  which means that she will not be able to do anything . 
  that 's the optimistic scenario . 
  if it is m\u00e9lenchon , he would get some sort of majority from his socialist friends . 
  that would be the end of private companies , the end of biotechs , start-ups , ... 
  it would mean the end of the eu . 
  it would be a catastrophic failure . 
  i propose the first monday on or after june 21st ( let 's not get a date that could fall in the middle of the week ) . 
  it 's the summer solstice , it 's usually sunny and nice . 
  june 21st is music day in france ( and i think now in other countries too ) . 
  it 's a date outside the bad weather and summer holiday . 
  seems perfect to me . 
  there 's lots of work to do , especially north of france . 
  edit : the area north of france that is , not a particular country just north of france . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  it 's better that way , i think . 
  the centre-left and the left-left could not continue like that anyway . 
  what monopole ? 
  whoa . 
  i can not imagine having a state monopoly selling alcohol . 
  it just does not compute in my head . 
  electronic voting is too dangerous . 
  you can always take some days off to go to your closest consulate or back home if necessary . 
  that 's what i used to do when i lived abroad . 
  if you do n't or ca n't , that 's ok . voting is not compulsory . 
  i heard a french medieval song some time ago . 
  basically , it 's about a young peasant girl working in the fields . 
  she sees a cute knight on the road and they have sex . 
  she then says something like `` this is my 13th spring and the happiest of all . '', 
  i guess most of the customers would be people flying to eindhoven from far away . 
  if you are in , say , madrid and want to go to eindhoven , a flight to schiphol with a connection to eindhoven is faster than the train . 
  it was in the late 90 's , i think . 
  national flights usually have a very fast check in . 
  i sometimes fly to nice from paris and it takes 10mn to pass security . 
   rightist french fox news `` bfm tv '' . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  bfm tv is nothing like fox news . 
  you would anyway be on the maps . 
  i once took a flight from amsterdam to eindhoven . 
  my flight to eindhoven had been cancelled and i was put on a flight to schiphol , then to eindhoven . 
  it 's pretty silly really . 
   aside from rising in polls because of the fillon situation another major factor is the left primaries . 
  a very left wing candidate was chosen ( hamon ) and many that are social democrats ( center left ) are going to vote macron . 
  it 's [ f\u00e9lix faure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a9lix_faure#death ) , if you want to know . 
  i am not trying to say that there was no anti-semitism in france , that would be absurd , but if you look at the dreyfus affair it shows something beyond the obvious : * dreyfus was french jewish army officer . 
  in many countries , at that time , jews were either not allowed to serve in the army , become officer or were put together in a special unit . 
  * dreyfus was innocent , but his case split france in two . 
  it almost went to a civil war .
