  france does not want to add sadism . 
  to be honest , i do n't know . 
  but my guess ( and it 's just a guess ) , any diploma for teaching languages should do . 
  it 's not about your level of knowledge of a language , but about the level of teaching . 
  again , this is a guess , albeit an educated one . 
  one job that might be for you is foreign language teacher . 
  there 's a huge demand for english teachers in france , but like for everything in france you need diplomas . 
  having one in psychology will not help you in france , because there 's way too many unemployed psychology graduates already here . 
  though i think it is impossible to implement and will not happen in my life time , i think people should be tested before being allowed to have kids . 
  and if they are worthy , they should be helped , helped a lot , so that they can get several . 
  words change with time . 
  i suppose it could have been plural . 
  weekends , like the ends of a rope . 
  in a way the beginning and the end are both ends . 
  we have this in france too . 
  first wednesday of the month at midday . 
  dutch flag . 
  you do n't obsessively drink milk ? 
  the simple fact that we can talk to each other to build something . 
  not just some fucking trade agreement or visa requirements . 
  we talk about bigger stuff . 
  and sometimes we fail , but so be it . 
  it 's plural . 
  singular means washing yourself . 
  is n't the robin , as in [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/nev10ok ) . 
  i think using the term bathroom for toilets is american . 
  that might explain the confusion . 
   we 're a bit ~ ~ busy ~ ~ hangover at the moment for such a deep question . 
  i shop at super u. 
  it 's pretty good and higher quality than carrefour and there 's more choice than the intermarch\u00e9 close to me . 
  probably super u. 
  yes , agreed . 
  super u is much higher than that !, 
  also there is intermarch\u00e9 which is about average . 
  monoprix 2 . 
  super u 3 . 
  carrefour 5 . 
  lidl edit : forgot leclerc . 
  thanks / u/inspirationminuit, 
  in france , the most common sentence said by weather forecaster is `` excepted around the mediterranean '' . 
  basically , it 's : rain here , more rain there , excepted around the mediterranean . 
  if you are a big country , you need to be able to do everything . 
  think airplanes , military stuff , whatever . 
  ( usa , china ) if you are a small country , you can not do everything so you focus on a few things you are good at . 
  ( netherlands , finland ) if you are a medium size country , you are fucked . 
  because you can not do everything , but you want to try . 
  ( france , germany ), 
  that 's totally infuriating , especially on food labels . 
  it should not be legal . 
  last time i saw that was on a honey jar in a supermarket . 
  i put it back on the shelve . 
  that 's more like a third world problem ( using cash ) in a first world country . 
  trivia : alexandre dumas p\u00e8re 's [ father ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas-alexandre_dumas ) was born in haiti , from a black slave mother and became general in the french army . 
  sorry , i meant i3 not i8 . 
  the latest zo\u00e9 can go 300km allegedly . 
  looks like the renault twizy but much uglier !, 
  renault zoe , bmw i8 are two electric models i know . 
  in france , you pay at the pump . 
  thanks to our policy on nuclear energy in the 70s , france is something like 75th in terms of co2 per inhabitant . 
  we could do more , but there are others that will have a lot more impact even in europe ( germany , poland , nl , uk , ... ) . 
  it will have less impact on france than on some other countries . 
  avoid packaging , driving , ... 
  great list . 
  i have been on business trips to the usa about 50 times in the last 15 years . 
  being on business , i have been to fancy restaurants and i have seen most of those in restaurants menus . 
  what bothered me the most was that they always tried to make it fancier than it should be . 
  all those dishes have a meaning , a history that make them special . 
  just one example of what you should not ever do : bouillabaisse with lobster and salmon . 
  bouillabaisse is a fish soup made with cheap fish that contains too many bones to be eaten grilled . 
  it 's boiled for a long time to soften the bones . 
  you can not put rich , boneless fish in there . 
  there are much better ways to cook those . 
  maybe you were unlucky . 
  i know several families in france and all kids are well behaved . 
  in france , kids are generally taught table discipline very early on . 
  this teaches them to behave , obey their parents and be patient . 
  since kids usually like to eat , it 's a lot of work for the parents , but it is really not that difficult . 
  i know that my us friends and dutch in-laws are always astonished at the good behaviour of my kids when we eat . 
  both my grand fathers did . 
  one especially was in the foreign legion and fought continuously from 1939 till 1945 . 
  whoa , you have a very rose-tinted view of our system . 
  it used to be excellent and always measured as the best or one of the best in the world . 
  but this has changed in the last 15 years or so . 
  there is a massive shortage of some specialists ( it can take months to have an appointment with an eye doctor ) , hospitals are not performing well , emergencies can be horrible . 
  that 's correct . 
  it 's very confusing , really . 
  macron does not represent hollande . 
  he left hollande 's government because he could not do what he wanted to . 
   more than 15 years so no vote in uk any more can you explain this ? 
  just curious . 
  i have one like yours too ( i guess ) . 
  i use it to cook whole chicken . 
  cover with strong mustard , stick bits of garlic in it , some cream inside . 
  set it for 30 to 40 mn in the combo `` microwave + convection ( 200c ) '' . 
  it 's awesome . 
  walking along the coasts . 
  unless for military/industrial reasons , the coast/beach is public and can not be made private . 
   how did you survive as a frenchman in the netherlands ? 
  i barely did . 
  i cried everyday .
