  what 's the process for counting ? 
  my god , you have so many shitty tabloids !, 
   maybe giving them activities or paid jobs hang on !, 
  i am planting my job tree . 
  in a few years it should make jobs for everyone !, 
  in the meantime , i do n't see any other thing to do than burn cars . 
   you do n't exactly sound like someone without an agenda or someone who 's sceptical of everything they read , either . 
   you sound like the average right-winger really ? 
  just asking questions and trying to be rational make me sound like a right-winger with an agenda ? 
  you really have a chip on your shoulder !, 
  keep it cool , i am just asking questions !, 
  negotiations are always secret . 
  where have you seen public negotiations ? 
  the notion does not make sense . 
  i have heard and read about ttip , but nothing concrete ; it 's always rumours and scared people with an agenda . 
  i am very skeptical of everything i have read about this subject and , like everyone , i am curious about what it really is . 
  as far as i understand , it 's still in secret negotiation . 
  so nobody ( apart from the chosen few ) know what 's in this agreement . 
  why is everyone up in arms against it ? 
  can someone please explain to me why so much hatred against something we know nothing about ? 
   school starts tomorrow . 
  in northeastern bulgaria teachers decided to urge parents to donate the money they are going to spend on flowers to the residents in the flooded areas of the country . 
  is that a bulgarian tradition , giving flowers to teachers on the first day of school ? 
  after the titanic sank , we should have stopped using boats at all . 
  congratulation on managing to put `` fran\u00e7ois hollande '' and `` monogamous '' in the same sentence !, 
  joking apart it 's true that the majority of my friends are unmarried and have kids . 
  it 's even less of a big deal in france than in the us : * sarkozy 's father was not french * valls , the current prime minister was born in spain and naturalised when he was 20 . 
  i do n't want to feed the trolls , but she moved to france when she was 5 , has the french nationality and successfully studied law at university . 
  who gives a shit if she was born elsewhere ? 
  ask angela ? 
  oh sorry , misread it . 
  he 's not really rich , but in a ( in ) famous interview said that he does not like the rich . 
  the truth is coming out now that he does not like the poor either . 
  maybe he 's really french and does not like anybody . 
  omg !, 
  the top news on / r/floridaman is about the speed traps in the town of waldo . 
  in the 90 's , i landed in jacksonville and drove to gainesville . 
  you need to go through waldo . 
  it was late , about 11pm . 
  as soon as i entered the town , a police car followed me , very closely . 
  i kept under the speed limit . 
  as soon as i exited the town , the police car stopped and turned around . 
  it took something like 10 minutes or less to cross this small town , but it felt like years . 
  it was my second time in the us and i finally figured out how rambo felt at the beginning of the movie . 
  who would have thought , eh ? 
  electing a president that has never been anything else than a politician and with the personality of a middle manager would amount to nothing . 
  famous for promoting french cuisine . 
   grachtengordel good luck pronouncing that if you do n't have a throat cancer . 
   we 're lucky in france for sharing with spain , in the pyrenees , most of the most ancient preserved cave art of humanity . 
  note , however , that neither lascaux nor chauvet are in the pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es !, 
  right . 
  so what 's your excuse for your abyssal failures in the domains of cuisine and fashion ? 
  since 1066 , we invented you !, 
  a big mistake , i think , it should have been something edible . 
  i did not say better , i said you put a lot more money into it . 
  that obviously makes you better , like in baseball . 
  now saying that everyone can be as good as you in baseball/spying is probably true , but nobody is willing/able to do it . 
  moreover , i do n't think any euro country has a rule saying if you are a foreigner , we can do anything . 
  the english have two obsessions : they invented everything , the french . 
  but the us has many times the means , budget and will to spy on others than ... others . 
  it puts you in a league of your own . 
  stop saying everyone does the same because it is not true , simply budget-wise . 
  some people might downvote you in disbelief , but i confirm you are correct . 
  i am in the same situation . 
  worst part : most taxis do not take a credit card . 
  i hope they get destroyed by \u00fcber and similar companies . 
  things our moronic government is trying to kill : uber amazon netflix, 
  i agree . 
  hard coal + lignite ( basically another type of coal ) is much higher than the rest . 
  it 's this kind of bullshit stats that annoys me . 
  have faith . 
  i am old enough to remember the 1982 and 1986 semi-finals france vs germany . 
  i still have faith . 
  the usa were in a group with germany and portugal !, 
  we 'll see about that . 
  i hope you beat algeria . 
  each time they 've played at the word cup , cars have been burned and the riot police is everywhere . 
  please , make it the last time . 
  this will be the first and last time i support germany in football . 
  france would really need a few good rugby players . 
  could you bring a couple ? 
  thanks, 
  lol , i live pretty close to `` boullay-les-troux '' . 
  it 's far from a shitty place , it 's in fact a nice village less than an hour from paris . 
  what about `` bled '' ? 
  it 's a commonly used arabic word for small village and used in a pretty derogatory way to describe some backwater place . 
  there are many summer camps in france . 
  fine , but without us . 
  i love this !, 
   britain also has an independent nuclear arsenal strongly dependent on the us , it 's willingness to sell parts to you and ( potentially ) use it . 
  that 's far from independent . 
  can someone from britain explain what `` academies '' and free schools '' are ? 
  all countries get their government involved when it 's a strategic industry . 
  i understand your reasoning , but anybody can potentially become a french citizen even when they are born elsewhere . 
  when a french baby is born , he/she can not become president of france . 
  you need to be a certain age ( not sure what it is ) . 
  the same applies to any other baby in the world . 
  so citizenship is a requirement , but nobody is barred from it from birth . 
  that 's my point . 
  quick edit : i also think that citizenship should not be a requirement , by the way .
