  so it looks like a huge increase , but in fact it was not . 
  it 's `` france 's '' meaning in france . 
  as you said , it 's certainly not french . 
   does n't mean it 's not a legitimate concern . 
  and not getting involved is n't easy if the gmo 's corps are offering really interesting stuff ( and thus , building dependency from the farmers to the gmo 's corps ) . 
  sure , it is a legitimate concern and a change in the agricultural habits . 
  however , the choice is between seeds that produce a lot but that you have to buy each year , or seeds that produce less but that you can reuse . 
  it 's a commercial issue . 
  i agree with you when it comes to patents in general . 
  there are millions of patents published each year ( not as many are granted , but i do n't have the number with me ) . 
  and only a few are really innovative . 
  but regarding gmos , monsanto , syngenta et al. 
  do not patent life forms . 
  they just patent a modification of a life form . 
  this is a massive difference !, 
  afaik , the only cases of patenting life forms or bits thereof where in diagnostics ( see brca1 case and the us supreme court ruling which happened a few months ago ) . 
   it 's broking an economical model ( farmer plant seeds , gets more seeds , use parts of the gained seeds to plant next year ) . 
   it 's creating a dependency of the farmers towards the gmo corporations ( by not allowing farmer to use the seeds they harvest and forcing them to buy seeds every years to the gmo corp at the price the gmo corp sees fits ) . 
  those are purely commercial aspects . 
  if you do not want , as a farmer , to be part of this system , do not buy seeds from such companies . 
   what if the patented gmo seed gets unwillingly crossed with non-gmo seed ? 
  do the corporation get a fee from the farmer who did n't try to get gmo on his field ? 
  is the farmer allowed to get his seed and plant it next year ? 
  this is a myth propagated by anti-gmo people . 
  monsanto has never sued anyone due to cross pollination . 
  it 's , by the way , well documented . 
  there are plenty of reasons to dislike monsanto and its dubious commercial practices without adding something false . 
   by making a slight change in some already existing plant 's dna , these companies suddenly claim to `` own '' the resulting plant type . 
  this is completely incorrect . 
  they own for 20 years or so the modification on a given plant that they have created . 
  they do n't own `` plants '' . 
  i do n't understand what you fine ridiculous with the current patent law , with regard to gmos ? 
  i am sure girls got it now . 
  it was quite shocking in the late 90 's to see those beautiful girls in swimming suits with hair literally springing out of their suits . 
  but , that 's the fun part !, 
  joking apart , the human species is one of the least fertile animal on this planet . 
  so , you might have to try a few times . 
  looking in my immediate acquaintances , in france , everyone that lives as a couple as kids and conceived the first one in their late 20 's , early 30 's ( totally biased sample , most have a master 's degree or phd ! ) . 
  only 1 couple had a hard time conceiving . 
  so from this small sample and from what i read , i would say , fertility below the age of about 35 is not a big issue , but it can be . 
  in france , the average first child is born from a woman aged around 30 , and not 16 or 22 !, 
  so , i do n't think fertility levels are a big problem . 
  what you say does not make sense . 
  let 's say the average salary is 100 . 
  you are a smart well educated persons and make 200 , as a salary . 
  if you wanted to be elected you would have your salary halved , you would not be able to pay your mortgage , ... 
  it does not make sense . 
  call me an elitist if you want , but i 'd rather have smart politicians than the `` average '' person elected . 
  edit : try / r/french, 
  i visited hungary in the late 90 's . 
  those are a few impressions from my visit : * totally obsessed with the trianon agreement . 
  so if you are french , they 'll hate you immediately because they think you are responsible for it . 
  * beautiful women everywhere * at the lake balaton ( sp ? 
  ) , many cute girls in swimming trunks did not know how to `` trim down there '' !, 
  * it was full of east germans holidaying * it was very hot , about 40c , and the traditional drink during this kind of weather was schnapps , i was told . 
  wtf ? 
  one of the main problems is peer pressure . 
  as long as german women will be seen as bad mothers if they have children and work at the same time , there will be few women willing to have kids and a career . 
  exactly . 
  basic human right : everyone is born equal with regard to the law . 
  this is the most basic right . 
  the most annoying is when it comes from americans . 
  i mean , we , the french , had to fight against our neighbours , and `` further '' neighbours : the roman legions , the vikings , the moors , the germans , the spaniards , the brits , the austro-hungarian empire , ... 
  the usa had to fight the mexicans and the canadians . 
  and they got their capital burnt by canadians . 
  so , give me a break !, 
  it 's not a recent stereotype : king charles v : i speak spanish to god , italian to women , french to men and german to my horse . 
  the dirty thing , as well as the `` fact '' that french women do n't shave , come from the us invasion during the end of wwii . 
  french people were so destitute then , that soap , razors were scarce . 
  so the us troops saw the french as dirty and the women as `` unkept '' . 
  to add insult to injury , a survey done years later about the use of soap , showed the french use much less soap than anyone else . 
  this was due to a mistake in the survey where they classified `` savon de marseilles '' as a detergent instead of soap . 
  french people used that soap for both washing themselves and washing delicate clothing . 
  ( do n't ask me for a source , i read this 20 years ago ) anyway , i , personally , take two showers per year . 
  need it , or not !, 
  he 's the most epic hero of glorious france !, 
  bureaucracy , compromise , political correctness , lack of imagination are the reasons for those boring bank notes . 
  i think that instead of drawing from the best of europe , we have chosen the worst . 
  it 's easy to chose better . 
  let 's draw one character ( brilliant and significant , scientist or artist ) per country . 
  let 's chose 5 ( or whatever number ) of them randomly and voil\u00e0 !, 
  i should have been clearer . 
  but that will not make me feel special !, 
  omg !, 
  my post is in there !, 
  i am famous all over poland now . 
  that must mean free vodka if i go there !, 
  ok , you know what i mean . 
  not treated differently because of the colour of their skin . 
  good point . 
   we should have , except that the french hates us even more than the english ;-) it 's not a matter of hate , but a matter of trust . 
  who in their right mind would trust the dutch ? 
   the only country [ 1 ] to successfully invade the united kingdom ( * ) [ lol . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_conquest_of_england ), 
  strangely ( for some ) , it is france 's humanist and anti-racist past ( relative to others ) : * the [ dreyfus affair ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dreyfus_affair ) at the turn of the 20th century showed that half a country can rise for justice . 
  * france has had two jewish presidents . 
  how many jewish head of states did other country got ( outside of israel ! ) ? 
  * france has received ( not always well ! ), 
  many immigrants from poland , italy , spain , portugal up to the 70 's . 
  * gays have been treated relatively well in the past ( there is no alan turing affair in france as far as i know ) * the head of the french senate was black in the 60 's .
