   borders seven nations 8 : andorra , spain , monaco , italy , switzerland , germany , luxembourg , belgium . 
  have a cigarette in one hand and a glass of wine in the other . 
  that 's the french way . 
  the amazing moment when the yellow lighting changes the french flag into the belgium one !, 
  as i wrote somewhere else , le pen vote is all about immigration . 
  french guyana has a huge illegal immigration problem with people from brazil and surinam . 
  east coast is 6 hours behind . 
  my home town !, 
  that 's the most beautiful view of it . 
  the town itself is pretty horrible . 
  a little history : the whole area around b\u00e9ziers has been settled since prehistorical times . 
  there are traces of phoenicians , greeks and obviously romans all over the place . 
  around 1200 , the first religious crusade within europe hit the region pretty badly . 
  many people took refuge in the cathedral ( in the picture ) to escape the indiscriminate killings . 
  the barbarians from northern france supported by the pope killed everyone in the cathedral and their leader said `` kill them all , god will recognize his own '' . 
  the whole region is vineyard country . 
  at the turn of the 20th century , phylloxera destroyed many vineyards in france and europe . 
  b\u00e9ziers was hit a lot less than elsewhere and suddenly became rich . 
  the whole city centre was built at that time and was pretty nice . 
  it 's lost a lot of its glory nowadays . 
  yeah , but he should have used another word . 
  using the word `` liberal '' is going to be misunderstood by some people . 
  feat !, 
   holocaust that 's her style , alright . 
  totally agree . 
  she was like a comedian with funny material ( lies ) and a great punchline that completely fucked it up . 
  those are antifa arseholes . 
  6 policemen injured , 4 arrests according to french news . 
   but to the question of of global warming being imputable to the only man activity , i remember some school lessons explaining that there are some explainable cycles in average temperatures , e.g. 
  the xvii and xvii centuries were extremely cold for these reasons . 
  i 'm wondering only ... that 's very stupid . 
  you should have listened much more carefully at school . 
  nobody says that climate is only influenced by humans . 
  it slowly changes naturally . 
  what humans have done is changing it very quickly . 
  it 's not too much to ask . 
  hopefully macron will be exactly what you ( and i ) are asking for , in france . 
  * governments represent all people of their country . 
  yes , that 's the way it works . 
  * the french election system forces by its nature parties to be large . 
  so we have less political parties than in the netherlands , but our parties are groups of parties . 
  that 's why i said before that the number of parties is not a good measure . 
  ok let me get that straight . 
  your royal overlords , many moons ago , just said : `` this is mine !, 
  fuck the people on there , they 'll pay me rent ! '' . 
  and you think that this is perfectly fine ? 
   they represent the country that 's what democratically elected governments are . 
  i love stroopwaffels , but that 's irrelevant to politics . 
  loving something is not an argument , it 's a feeling . 
  the number of political parties is not a good measure . 
  look at france right now , we are a lot more divided politically speaking than you are . 
  i am sure they are briefed to say something , but maxima was just there because she is the wife of some unelected dude . 
  that 's not democracy for me . 
  wtf ? 
  that 's not land owned by a family !, 
  i do n't see the point . 
  ok , i agree with you on this , however what are the arguments for monarchy in this thread : * `` i love the royal family '' . 
  how is that an argument ? 
  it 's like talking about the kardashians in the usa or whatever endemol cooked up . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  * `` they bring the country together '' . 
  i am paraphrasing , but that 's basically it . 
  there are plenty of republics that do n't need this . 
  so that 's not an argument either , unless the dutch are really different to others . 
  * `` they are just a figurehead that represent our country '' . 
  you mean like ivanka trump in berlin ? 
  you sent maxima when all other countries ( but the usa ) sent a politician/elected person that really could talk about serious subjects . 
  you just sent someone that could literally just say words written by someone else and wave to the people . 
  do you see what i mean ? 
  i can not find a really argument for monarchies . 
  what are they ? 
   in denmark the royal family are n't allowed to vote that 's fucked up !, 
  why would anyone not be allowed to vote ? 
  i tried to talk to dutch people about it and it 's an absolute taboo . 
  you can talk to brits about their monarchy , but not to the dutch . 
  it 's very weird . 
  and the bizarre arguments in this thread in favour of monarchy is like discussing trump with the crazies of / r/t _ d. 
  my heart goes with you / u/homsig !, 
   took back all the land they 're leasing the government . 
  that they stole in the first place !, 
  because nuclear plants emit less radioactivity than coal plants and less co2 . 
  those numbers are completely wrong . 
  i am not sure where they get them from . 
  with 75 % of electricity made from nuclear energy , france has one of the ( if not the ) lowest co2 emissions per capita in europe . 
  there is no way it is higher than nl and germany . 
  see [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) . 
  not that surprising . 
  french guyana is facing massive illegal immigration issues from brazil and suriname . 
  no other reason , i think . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is just a sore loser . 
  even when his defeat was clear , he wanted to wait for the official results . 
  he and his supporters have been circle-jerking so much that they could not imagine a defeat . 
  which one will make suisse drivers respect the french speed limit on french motorway ? 
  wtf ? 
  i posted this 11hr before this one , with a link to wikipedia and the same image !, 
  some [ wikipedia info ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_terrail,_seigneur_de_bayard ) on bayard . 
  while people are preparing questions , [ here is a little music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmsdhnq7rd8 ) to put you in the mood for monsieur thommes . 
  correction : the adoption part of the law was fought by a small significant part of the right . 
  frankly , nobody in europe support argentina 's position . 
   let 's get a banker straight at the president seat he 's 39 and has been a business banker for less than 4 years .
