  why put your border in the south east of france and not the south west ? 
  that does not make sense to me . 
  the french basque and toulouse regions are culturally as much southern as the south eastern part of france . 
   is it as alright as most british unis are ? 
  yes . 
  france and especially universities are at least as diverse as british ones . 
  edit : more so in large urban centers , obviously . 
  physics is not my domain , but for france , you can look at the [ cea portal ] ( http://www.cea.fr/english-portal ) . 
  interestingly , one of the cea 's creator was fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric joliot-curie , and the us doe was partly modelled on the cea . 
  i am not sure why you are asking about getting a eu citizenship . 
  it should not be necessary unless you work in highly sensitive areas . 
  it gets even more crazy than that . 
  many researchers in france are in groups of one university and one research centre called umr ( i am simplifying here ) . 
  so in many scientific articles from scientists in france , you will see their address as umr1234 . 
  this is totally undecipherable by those guys doing this lists of top universities , resulting in a very large part of french research to be unclassified . 
  i believe ( i am not in public research anymore ) that they are encouraged , now , to use an address such as university xyz , umr1234 . 
  that 's 2 different countries , at least since 1812 or so . 
  comparing the two is ridiculous . 
  many men are circumcised and still can enjoy sex . 
  women that are circumcised have their clitoris mostly removed !, 
  this is a different kind of mutilation . 
  i am against both , but it 's like comparing wolf whistling a woman and rape . 
  the two are abusing women , but one is much worse than the other . 
  please do n't compare male circumcision with female mutilation . 
  it 's an insult to those poor women . 
  this [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qve9izv.jpg ) i saw on / r/mapporn some time ago might explain why it can not be automatic . 
  in some area of africa , over 80 % of women are mutilated . 
  there could potentially be millions of women seeking asylum . 
  with lots of hebrew mixed into it , hence `` mostly based '' . 
  yiddish is mostly based on germanic languages . 
  also , it is a bit tricky . 
  one of the french samples contained the sound of the voice of some guy talking with a rather strong african accent . 
  fun game , i got 600 , twice . 
  yep , solid . 
  still , you should not take fashion tips from her . 
  i see what you mean , but the violence in la marseillaise is over the top . 
  it 's also pretty sexist , but that 's another problem . 
  i will not teach this song to my 4 year old son for instance , because it 's about throat cutting of women and sons , fields of blood , ... 
  it 's too much for his age . 
  also , i agree that even in recent history violence against oppression has been necessary ( even more recent for ireland than france ) , it 's better taught in schools , than sung at rugby matches ( except when we play england !, 
  people are using downvotes to voice disagreement again !, 
  but i agree with you . 
  it 's about a very violent past and i 'd rather have lyrics about a beautiful peaceful future . 
  lettonie in french . 
  it 's hard for me to remember that lettonie = latvia, 
  my father is 1 cm taller than me ( 177cm ) . 
  and he suffered from malnutrition during wwii . 
  schengen did not remove all custom checks . 
  it removed systematic checks only . 
  i bet the french custom had a tip that this guy was carrying a lot of money . 
  fip radio . 
  they play a gigantic number of songs , hardly ever repeating themselves . 
  i believe it 's something like 30k per year which could be a worldwide record . 
  if you do n't know fip , it 's worth trying . 
  i like a lot about belgium . 
  beers , food , humour , les ardennes , painters , did i say humour ? 
  reminds me of this american comedian who went to amsterdam . 
  in the morning he went to a bakery where a big blond woman says `` dag ! '' . 
  he replied `` oh , you speak klingon too ! '', 
  as a non dutch who has lived in the netherlands , i can definitely relate . 
   so you really want to be really good in getting investors . 
  you nailed it !, 
  that 's why the us is better at consumer level technology . 
  they have investors . 
  in europe , we have governments . 
  what do you mean by `` everything '' ? 
  one wikileaks document mentions a disgruntled german employee complaining about french espionage . 
  that 's it . 
  according to this one document , france is a big espionage country . 
  not necessarily dangerous . 
  some chemicals used in weapons are extremely flammable . 
  others are only working in combination of 2 chemicals , probably stored in different areas . 
  it smells like a girl with psychological troubles , who could have lied , could have said the truth , nobody knows . 
  i would just ignore the story and see what the police/justice inquiry finds out . 
  any kind of conclusions one can draw from the few `` facts '' that journalists come out with will most certainly be erroneous . 
  one step at a time !, 
  and tax rebates . 
  i agree with you , but to be fair , the protests were mostly about adoption by gay couples . 
  you do n't need to be engaged to get married . 
  i do n't think the statistics you propose would work . 
  i believe the recent [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1l3al6/exclusive_cia_files_prove_america_helped_saddam/ ) on / r/worldnews was about the us helping saddam hussein make chemical weapons !, 
  if the us had done nothing , it would probably have been much better . 
   if we do n't act we will be hated . 
  i do n't think so . 
  this is often said , but i do n't see any basis for it . 
  what about czechoslovakia , yugoslavia , the ussr in recent memory ? 
  yes , france is definitely lacking heritage sites . 
  it makes much more sense , obviously , to somehow give one family a god given right to lead a country . 
  i hope the arab springs end up turning their countries in democratic and tolerant states , like france is now . 
  best decision our ancestors ever made !, 
  do we really need to care about royal families , justin bieber or lady gaga ? 
  this is not the france your prejudices told you it should be !, 
  agreed . 
  even the question to christians only . 
  our christians are less christian than others . 
  that 's not mixing faucets by definition . 
  i have travelled a fair bit and i have only seen separate taps in the uk and ireland . 
  a french president ( chirac ) said finland had the worst food in europe . 
  i have no idea if it 's true or not . 
  what sarkozy did is put the presidential salary to the same level as it was before , by removing the hidden cash that was traditionally given .
