  it seems it 's all due to higher net migration ( see table table i. 1.2 in report ) . 
  as a note , germany 's population would be lower than now , down to 70m in 2060 . 
  there is only one thing to do to avoid this nightmare of having the uk as largest country in europe : people outside britain start making babies !, 
  i have done my share , now we are counting on you !, 
  the system has its pros and cons . 
  you can close the schools early , you have less unemployment , less daycare needs , ... 
  but on the other hands women are nowhere in higher positions , they have pressure to keep the kids home , ... edit to say that france is in the opposite end of the scale . 
  it 's more a matter of not being hypocritical puritans . 
  i can just imagine that if someone call me parisian , i 'd gladly punch them . 
  i guess that explains why i see scottish cars with `` ecosse '' on them . 
  i hesitated writing englishman or brit . 
  my apologies . 
  an englishman quoting a frenchman . 
  what has this world come to !, 
  though , apparently voltaire never said it . 
  zenmate on chrome is pretty good . 
  what ? 
  do n't we have this in france too ? 
   we came out of being a poor nation at the speed of light . 
   a bit like [ nauru ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obesity_in_nauru ) in the pacific , fattest country in the world . 
  i ca n't find the data . 
  do you have a link ? 
  awesome movie , but i doubt it is a faithful portrait of belgian society . 
  no , i totally agree with you . 
  i just meant that there can be events organised at schools that are not school related . 
  in france it would be impossible to organise a political or religious event in a school . 
  edit : sorry you are being downvoted for no reason . 
  not necessarily . 
  if it 's during the weekend and part of the school is booked by someone/an association . 
  i guess it depends , but it is not necessarily a horrible thing . 
  like police and the swat team ? 
  apparently the setting was in a school , so no weapons allowed . 
  these idiots fired at a swat team that was stationed there to protect the public . 
  there has been shootings in texas that resulted in quite a few deaths in the recent past . 
  note that about 10 % of the technical personnel was on strike which was enough to put the public radios down . 
  that would never happen in france !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smlwnsxnpfu ( sorry for the horrible video , the only one i could find ), 
  famous for its jewellery !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ( joke ), 
  there is certainly no easy answer , but the worst one is to accept those people in europe . 
  that can only encourage others to do the same . 
  in such case , would you accept such a person in europe ? 
  someone that purposely lies and hides evidence ? 
  what would worse , being closer to the french or the yanks ? 
  what a disgusting god you worship . 
  we can sell lots of goods and services to the saudi . 
  a lot less to the vatican . 
  they still make phones , but i think ( not sure ) that it 's only cheap ones . 
  will the new entity still make phones ? 
  will there be ms-nokia phones and alcatel-nokia phones ? 
  same for the netherlands . 
  we can sandwich belgium . 
  i believe this is actually the case in most of europe . 
  ~ ~ use ~ ~, 
  nope !, 
  france has had civil union since 1999 . 
  nice try northern neighbour !, 
  is n't skype now owned by microsoft ? 
  ubisoft is a gaming company , not purely internet and gandi is not so well known . 
  you seem to have missed the fact that dailymotion is a french company . 
  maybe the only well known european internet company ( other than news sites ) . 
  the french government , like it or not , wants dailymotion to stay french . 
  oops , my bad !, 
  they should man the ship exclusively with sailors from luxembourg , austria , the czech republic , slovenia and slovakia . 
  nothing wrong with british cooks ? 
  really !, 
  lol . 
  is r/france leaking ? 
  no french department was taken by the extreme right , which is good news . 
  really ? 
  whoa !, 
  i did not know that !, 
  this is silly . 
  i have the same experience has op . 
  born again or evangelists , and muslims . 
  this is not about blaming america . 
  when you think about it , a country with lots more men than women , that want to reduce fertility rate should be in favour of gays . 
  but i suppose logic is beaten by cultural conservatism . 
   whenever i poke fun at any other countries i am downvoted : 1 [ 3 ] 2 [ 4 ] 3 [ 5 ] you were not poking fun , you were using the usual us circlejerk `` america big , europe small '' . 
  plus you were factually incorrect about the time it takes to go from hamburg to munich . 
  basement - the netherlands : does not compute !, 
   are you turning into rosbifs now ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  are insults allowed in this sub ? 
  but seriously , the populists nationalists are just screaming idiocies to gain votes . 
  us , french like to protest and complain . 
  and the numerous idiots we have in france like scapegoats , the eu just being one of them . 
  those 3 factors add up to the fn being popular and blaming all our problems on immigration and the eu . 
  sylvia kristel, 
  depends on the country . 
  in france , it used to be that if you were born in france , you automatically got the french nationality . 
  it is not the case now and , i believe , you need to have lived in the country a certain number of years and other things . 
  at least in the rugby world , in france , he 's quite known . 
  looking on the web to find some odd ones , this one surprised me the most : [ yo-yo ma ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yo-yo_ma ) was also born in france . 
  in my experience , the dutch have a weird relationship with their monarchy . 
  it 's a bit of a taboo subject that is never talked about or debated . 
  it 's great to see a comedian doing something about it . 
   i am blaming people who give us lessons in good budget management with one hand while encouraging practices that damage the capacity of france ( and other countries ) to respect the objectives with another hand . 
  who are those people ? 
  you are just imagining some enemy and create an argument against them .
