  also his role during those 4 years was advising companies on buying/selling other companies . 
  it 's a pretty normal banking job relative to , say , purely speculative banking . 
  the plural is messieurs . 
  do n't worry about the downvotes / u/kternic . 
  the m\u00e9lenchon supporters from / r/france are crazy downvoters . 
  they can not understand that some people have a different opinion than them . 
  the main problem i have with hamon/m \u00e9lenchon is that giving more advantages to workers will make it harder to employ them . 
  so unemployment will increase , there will be more homeless people ( almost half are not french , btw , which is another problem ) . 
  m\u00e9lenchon / hamon have no solution to make more jobs , just more public servants . 
  this is not the way the world is working . 
  they will just make the rich less rich , companies poorer , and eventually everyone will suffer . 
  the whole [ curie family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curie_family ) is like a nobel prize winning list . 
  even those in the family that did not get one , married someone that got one . 
  each time poles are triggered by her , i like to remind them that she moved to france because , as a woman , she was not allowed to go to university in poland . 
  it 's your ancestors ' fault , guys , not ours . 
  i lived in the uk in the 90s and , if i recall correctly , supermarkets were not allowed to sell alcohol on sundays . 
  also pubs ( yes pubs ! ), 
  could not serve alcohol at some given time on sundays . 
  have those stupid rules changed ? 
  well , in his programme there are several nationalisations . 
  i am looking forward to going to the local ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ state-owned bakery for my daily bread . 
  just kidding , i would leave france , if he 's elected . 
  that 's a lot more like m\u00e9lenchon . 
   the men were 184.5 cm , besting the dutch by more than a quarter of an inch . 
  who the fuck mixes up cm and some backward unit in the same text , let alone the same sentence ? 
  i would have if it had existed when i submitted by post . 
   is a fully integrated individual within dutch society ,  maybe cooks really good food . 
  there is a contradiction here . 
  it ** was ** very common . 
  it 's actually pretty rare now . 
  the real belgian name vandeputte sounds like fart of a prostitute . 
  french grammar is crazy . 
  there are so many rules and exceptions that people make mistakes all the time . 
  unfortunately , there is very little will to change this madness . 
  one of a million examples : colours . 
  french adjectives take ( usually ) an s if the noun is plural . 
  that also works for colours , unless the colour is also a noun , with exceptions . 
  let 's add some more craziness . 
  if you add `` fonc\u00e9 '' ( dark ) or similarly `` clair '' ( light ) , then there is no `` s '' : `` des pantalons roses '' ; but `` des pantalons rose clair '' . 
  wtf !, 
  it does not need to cost much . 
  my now wife and i got married for very little . 
  actually it was worth it because of the taxes . 
  most people i know who got married did so for tax reasons . 
  you have never heard of blade runner ? 
  it 's just one of the best movies ever . 
  man , you need to see it . 
  blade runner with rutger hauer !, 
  how can you forget that ?!, 
  nobody has yet mentioned boston , but it 's the closest i found in the usa to european cities . 
  he probably wanted to know which part of france england is . 
  the answer is greater normandy . 
  we have the socialistes . 
  they are . 
  the brits are confused because everyone is talking about high school in this thread and the brits think about high school as something different . . everyone means the end of school exam before university , so a levels , not gcses . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the exported american `` cuisine '' is shitty burgers and bad pizzas . 
  the reality is that there are some great restaurants and some delicious food in the us . 
  there are shit loads of french restaurants in the us . 
  almost all are fake and their menus are riddled with cringy misspellings . 
  some are genuine though and yes , they tend to be high end . 
  last time i talked to a french chef in the us , his biggest complain was finding good ingredients . 
  there are some , but it is very hard to find and not very consistent . 
  not sure why you get downvoted , but i think you are correct . 
  france has , like germany , large non-teaching research centres ( cnrs , ... ) when you are teaching at a university and doing research in a public research lab , your scientific papers will list you as coming from the research lab , not the university where you teach . 
  so those rankings suck for french unis . 
  same in france . 
  you also have the anesthesiologist coming for the epidural early on which is used in 80 % of cases in france . 
  as far as i know , they both speak english well enough . 
  and no , macron does not speak german . 
  i honestly do n't get the bidet and the world cup . 
   he met her twice already iirc and they seemed to click well . 
   i do n't mean to nitpick here , but i count 3 times : the monday after the election , in brussels and in sicily . 
  i have been there too . 
  i would not recommend it at all . 
  worst service i have ever had . 
  go to the r\u00e9union island instead . 
  it 's a wonderful place with friendly people . 
  it has the added advantage of little time difference with europe . 
  you can go to the beach , go hiking , see an active volcano , ... 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  rugby is a great sport . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  france , here . 
  guilty of that too . 
  my guess is this : according to some stats i saw a long time ago , 70 % of people who go to see a doctor do not need any medicine . 
  either they have nothing , or whatever they have is minor and does not need any pill . 
  since doctors feel oblige to prescribe something , those patients get pills that can potentially be dangerous for them . 
  if they are prescribed homeopathic crap , they risk nothing . 
  there 's not side effect , since there is nothing . 
  it might be cheaper and better for the patients to get a placebo . 
   from wikipedia : the name villejuif can be imprecisely translated as `` jewish town '' , but the area has no historical connections with the jewish population of paris . 
  the name is believed to be a corruption of a gallo-roman name , villa iuvii , meaning the villa of iuvius . 
  it 's totally unrelated to jews . 
  the word became `` juif '' after some time probably because it was easier or simpler to say than the original . 
  you see / u/kerankou , we could have taught them reading and history . 
  napoleon iii had a plan to mine a tunnel under the channel to civilise england , once again . 
  it was never carried out . 
  england seems to be full-on masochism at the moment ( though you might not see videos of it as it might be/become illegal ) .
