  edit : i have no idea if this is true or not , but it has been reported by many , if not all , french media . 
  i am sure the us is buying weapons , radars , communication systems , ... from other nations too . 
  right and most people use their car to go from suburb to suburb . 
  that 's where the public transport is lacking . 
  for instance i could either take my car and drive 40 mn to work or spend 1h30 mn in public transport from rer ( train ) , change to another rer , then take a bus or walk 30mn . 
  everyone would rather be in a nice warm/air conditioned car listening to the radio than in an overcrowded train near sweaty people . 
  it was made popular by a movie ( not sure the same quote is in the book ) :  like the fella says , in italy for 30 years under the borgias they had warfare , terror , murder , and bloodshed , but they produced michelangelo , leonardo da vinci , and the renaissance . 
  in switzerland they had brotherly love - they had 500 years of democracy and peace , and what did that produce ? 
  [ the third man ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041959/ ), 
  you do n't get that because you most probably avoid the tourist traps in paris . 
  dutch people themselves spread this . 
  calling your football team holland does not help . 
  hup hup holland !, 
  i saw freedom fries on the menu of a restaurant in plimoth , ma last october . 
  of all places , massachusetts ... edit : found the online menu : http://www.cabbyshack.com/index.cfm?page=menu, 
   portugal 21\u00ba c yesterday . 
  are n't you jealous rest of europe ? 
  21c in paris too !, 
  if you live in france , the deadline was dec 31st . 
  it is very much country dependent and most probably too late for most countries already . 
  let 's not blame the americans only . 
  the french are doing something as ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ similar : [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alain_lipietz#court_challenge_to_sncf ), 
  apparently a randomnobodyeu city . 
  there are plenty like that . 
  maybe you are right . 
  i 'm not really representing my country , but i think harassment contains the notion of being done repeatedly . 
  if someone , once , proposed something as inappropriate as was written above , it 's just that , inappropriate . 
  if after you say no this same person starts threatening you or your job , then it 's harassment . 
  ianal but this is what i heard . 
  inappropriate , yes , sexual harassment , no . 
  from what i heard a couple years ago , the main reason for homeless people to die in the streets is severe dehydration , during the summer time , due to alcoholism . 
  it 's not really a matter of shelter during winter times . 
  i will pray to astrology characters that we get a good number 9 this decade . 
  look at the spanish civil war which had a strong anti church current . 
  after friday 's match , do n't you fucking complain !, 
  for instance we were in a caf\u00e9 in vienna , on a terrace . 
  he wanted to go to the toilets , but they did not allow him !, 
  he could never order anything in a bar . 
  he would be the last one served . 
  etc ... it was so shocking for him . 
  my brother in law is half black half white . 
  we went to austria once and i liked it . 
  he hated it because he was felt very unwelcome . 
  i noticed nothing being white . 
  edit : thanks for the downvote , people who apparently have lived my life . 
  edit2 : my point is not to bash austria , but to show that if you look like the natives , you do n't notice things that people that look different will notice and feel . 
  hey , it 's not 1066 anymore !, 
  so if i come to live in the uk , i can not buy a house ? 
  you mean horrible capitalists that want to exploit and destroy the working class !, 
  to be fair , the outrage only came from the extreme left , so nobody cared . 
  the worst is not that some people argued in favour or against it . 
  the worst is that it is not even mentioned in schools . 
  basically much ado about nothing . 
   * the opponent of gay marrage found a new battle . 
  they now battle against equality between men and women shit , i missed this !, 
  what was it about ? 
  so why talk about a new law that does not apply ? 
  this law might be going too far , but in no way would it justify nsa style massive data keeping . 
  the new french law is limited to terrorism , espionage and the likes . 
  i repeat : it does not allow keeping everyone 's data . 
  unless you know otherwise , stop spreading bullshit . 
  i do n't think so : [ http://www.euromove.org.uk/index.php?id=20539] ( http://www.euromove.org.uk/index.php?id=20539 ), 
  as for as i know it 's totally illegal for french institutions to make ethnic statistics . 
  so i assume the number applied to romanians and was maybe corrected to reflect the roma minority ( corrected by the bbc or whoever ) . 
  was n't it the case that people from romania and bulgaria were only allowed freedom of movement very recently ? 
  this might explain the statistics from last year . 
  i know it 's from vienna . 
  it does n't make it less delicious !, 
  i am very much against the us and other countries including my own spying indiscriminately everyone . 
  but saying what you said is incredibly stupid . 
  got it . 
  i thought you meant one of the players . 
  for me , the expression `` it 's sad '' does not mean `` i wish it were different '' , it means `` it 's horrible '' . 
  do i need to explain why ? 
  what does `` he is polish '' mean ? 
  genetically ? 
  hollande said that for the american public . 
  in france he 's going to say the reverse . 
  no , greenpeace cares a lot about being gmo free and nuclear power plant free . 
  is that bad for our future ? 
  i think so , but they do n't apparently . 
  so any scientific evidence that contradicts them is ignored and any that supports them is used in many marketing campaigns . 
  so , a quick google search for [ tc1507 ] ( http://www.isaaa.org/gmapprovaldatabase/event/default.asp?eventid=113 ) showed a link to a database . 
  it 's a bacterial gene that confers resistance to some insects ; which was introduced into a plant . 
  are we all going to die ? 
  i strongly doubt it . 
  why sad ? 
  they chose to play for the better team . 
  blind nationalism is sad . 
  a comedy with everything : the rich , the poor , the immigrant , religion , horrible people and nice people . 
  definitely . 
  the right never liked him and he did not do anything to be liked by them ; the left realised in the last few months that he is just a little middle manager with no ideas , no charisma and no courage . 
  the worst part of this is that , as you said , politicians are even more disliked than before and a rise of the extreme right for the next local elections in march and european elections in may is inevitable . 
  for a moderate like myself it is a great shame . 
  do n't worry mate . 
  it 's the lack of information that bothers people , not the delay . 
  it has a [ hill ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ) . 
  the rest of the netherlands is confused by that . 
  i agree , i hate those flying rats . 
  however , in belgium and surrounding countries ( nl and norther france at least ) , breeding the little fuckers for competitions is quite popular , i believe .
