  you got this wrong . 
  she wanted kids , but it 's the kids that did not want her as a mother . 
  well , i have lived many years in the netherlands , my wife is dutch and i have many friends from there . 
  so yeah , i know the netherlands pretty well . 
  i also lived in the uk before . 
  let me tell you that talking about the monarchy there was totally acceptable . 
  in the netherlands , i got this : * oh god . 
  i do n't want to talk about that * yeah , you know , it 's ok * oh yeah , i really dislike them . 
  immediately someone shouted at him to shut up . 
  so my experience in the uk and in the netherlands was totally different . 
  there was this story in 1999 or 2000 in the netherlands of a few ceos who created a think-tank to discuss republicanism . 
  they got so many hate mails and threats that they cancelled it . 
  funny note : one of my wife 's cousin bought the car from your king ( a few years ago , when he was a prince i suppose ) . 
  it had two holes on the front to put flags !, 
   besides , the house of orange-nassau is directly responsible for dutch independence , so i 'd consider them more qualified than any elected head of state . 
  not your king . 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  any ruler needs to justify his existence or people will question the need for one . 
  i know the netherlands pretty well , and talking about the need for a monarchy is a huge taboo . 
  nobody talks about it and if someone dares mentioning it , they get a lot of pressure to just shut up . 
   why should a random foreign person tell us to not like our king ? 
  it 's on / r/europe . 
  do you expect only dutch people to offer their opinion ? 
  as far as i remember , de gaulle 's party was a rebuilding of the right wing party , not something entirely new . 
  i totally agree . 
  what we should change is the french senate . 
  it 's ridiculous how the members are elected and , i think , it would make sense to have some proportional in there , directly elected by the people . 
  not at all common . 
  it 's just people living in monarchies trying to justify some anachronistic system . 
   most presidents are also born quite wealthy . 
  french presidents in the last 40 years or so come from middle class or maybe upper middle class families and not that wealthy . 
  then they had to get very high qualifications , charisma ( except hollande ) and vision . 
  it 's easier to just be born into it like in monarchies . 
  well said . 
  as i wrote elsewhere , something is changing . 
  it could succeed or fail , but it 's changing . 
  52 % have never been elected , internationally ( meps ) , nationally , or locally . 
  some might have been elected in the past and now working for instance . 
  so 77 % are not elected right now . 
  does that make more sense ? 
  there are 428 out of 577 announced on the website . 
  some of the rest will be announced later . 
  some voting districts might be with no macron candidate . 
  it 's on macron 's party [ website ] ( https://en-marche.fr/article/communique-liste-investis ) . 
  please note that there might be mistakes in there , allegedly . 
  edit : about a dozen people are wrongly mentioned in this list . 
  we already have [ one ] ( https://www.synchrotron-soleil.fr/ ) nearby . 
  a little ? 
  he 's very weird . 
  i saw him in the streets recently and i could not see his spider jewellery . 
  i was disappointed . 
   thinking that exceptional expertise in one field automatically makes one expert in another is idiocy . 
  i never said villani is an expert in anything beyond maths and possibly sciences . 
  it 's in a voting district with lots of research centres , so i hope it does . 
  i never said anything remotely close to that . 
  i think the parliament should contain very smart people and he 's certainly smart . 
  [ c\u00e9dric villani ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%c3%a9dric_villani ) is the candidate for macron in my part of france . 
  how can anybody not vote for a fields medal winner !, 
  edit : just saw on french news channel cnews that he will be interviewed there at 22h . 
  edit2 : his first interview as a politician went quite well . 
  he said he cared about the area he lives in ( for 8 years ) , the research centres as much as the valley and the agricultural fields ; that his experience as a director of an institute was important ; that managing people and conflict between them was important ( though , please , c\u00e9dric , do n't mention you managed people crying , that 's just not something to do and you sounded like data from st : tng ) . 
  he managed to escape political questions quite well . 
  i am afraid you might be right . 
  i want to give him the benefit of the doubt as he has not even started yet . 
  also your comparison with obama is very apt . 
  if macron does not get a majority in parliament , he might just be another obama . 
   france should take a hard look at itself first and try and remedy their own problems i think that that is exactly what happened during france 's elections . 
  the french political spectrum was bound to explode . 
  the conservative right and progressive right could not stay together . 
  the far left and center left were at odds . 
  the center was often seen as christian democrat and not so progressive . 
  it was bound to explode . 
  we , france , have a history of revolutions and showing the way for others to follow . 
  this might be it ; or it might turn into a huge clusterfuck of bullshit . 
  stay tune and follow closely . 
  i believe the future of europe is unfolding right now and i hope it works out . 
  i am very optimistic and very sceptical at the same time . 
  yes . 
  people close to jupp\u00e9 ( ancient prime minister , maire of bordeaux ) are seen as closer to macron than the right at the moment . 
  the future prime minister for macron is probably in their rank . 
  of the top of my head : * after the first round , taking hours to accept the results , even though he arrived 4th . 
  * not calling clearly for whom to vote in the second round . 
  * his love of bolivarism is being questioned , and seen as a mixed of populism and authoritarianism . 
  * questioning the validity of the second round results . 
  * announcing he 's a candidate in marseille , a place he does not know well , after trying in the north of france and being an mep for the south west . 
  so like hollande , but with balls . 
  as a matter of fact , what is happening right now in france is fascinating . 
  every single political party is radically changing . 
  macron has killed them . 
  the `` normal '' right and left parties ( lr , ps ) are in limbo . 
  there is an exodus of mps from them to macron 's new party/movement . 
  the left is split more than ever . 
  the extreme right ( fn ) has people leaving , notably jean-marie le pen 's niece and people questioning themselves a lot ( m\u00e9nard for instance ) . 
  the far left ( fi ) of m\u00e9lenchon is depressed and going very weird . 
  i believe a lot of fi members are seriously questioning the sanity of their leader . 
  we are jumping into the unknown . 
  it is probably necessary since france 's political class is disliked and pushes people to the extremes . 
  it looks like a new revolution , but it 's not yet there . 
  damn . 
  the lyrics need to be modernised .
