  this is exactly how it felt . 
  you are right . 
  i was young and not particularly concerned about history . 
  my point is that 80 years or so after this treaty , it was one of the first things hungarians talked to me about . 
  and they tried to make me feel guilty about it . 
  it 's pretty strange . 
  the first time i met hungarians , they mentioned the treaty of trianon . 
  the first fucking time !, 
  i did not even know what they were talking about . 
  morocco was also a candidate . 
  they allegedly paid bribes to win the 1998 world cup bid , but lost to france . 
  schools in france are poor , not because france does not spend enough money , but because it is horribly managed . 
  it is comparable per pupil ( for primary education ) to what finland spends ( http://data.uis.unesco.org/index.aspx?queryid=189 ) . 
  and , no , i am not from paris , but after two years in public pre-school ( maternelle ) , i put my kids in a private school , not because the private school was richer , but because the public education system is horrible . 
  when a school teacher told me that they will not push my son to do better , because he 's good enough , i knew i had to take him somewhere else . 
  i do n't see why the number of inhabitants is relevant . 
  do you really believe that the finns put more money per pupil than we do ? 
   i remember having days added at the end of the school year to make up for it . 
  lol , in france they would strike to avoid that !, 
  the main reason why a different education system can not be adopted in france is that the teacher 's unions will go on strike endlessly if you try to change anything . 
  hence the increase in the number of private schools , but you need the money for that . 
  it needs to be emphasised : the france 1998 world cup alleged bribes were paid by morocco , not france . 
  because of [ this ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x23l7e_diane-dufresne-j-ai-douze-ans_music ) ? 
   i know i sound very against him no kidding !, 
  anyway , i do n't think the name change has anything to do with possible financial affairs or corruption . 
  it has a lot to do with ego and coming back anew from a defeat ( at least as a marketing ploy ) . 
  i wrote `` one of the gayest '' . 
  if i were your boyfriend , i am sure i would have seen gayer things . 
  let 's agree that you have the best beers and we have the best wines . 
  is n't that a win-win situation ? 
  sarkozy does not drink alcohol at all , so i doubt he was drunk . 
  one of the gayest things i have ever seen !, 
   the first black brit to vote in a british general election was ignatius sancho , in 1774 . 
  i present you : [ thomas-alexandre dumas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas-alexandre_dumas ) ( the father and grand-father of alexandre dumas , the father and also the son ) . 
  i quote wikipedia : dumas shared the status of the highest-ranking black officer in the western world only with toussaint louverture ( who in may 1797 became the second black general-in-chief in the french military [ 3 ] ) until 1975 , when the american daniel `` chappie '' james jr became a four star general in the united states air force , the closest american equivalent of g\u00e9n\u00e9ral d'arm\u00e9e , dumas ' highest rank . 
  well , you reap what you sow . 
  i just booked a holiday in crete with the family . 
  it was the last room available ( at this resort , while others were full ) . 
  it would seem that killing tourists in north africa makes people want to stay in europe . 
  who would have thought ? 
  it depends heavily on the route indeed . 
  i frequently do paris-boston and i know always take icelandair . 
  i can get business class seats for the price of economy in air france . 
  air france is horribly expensive , way more than klm . 
  in dutch it 's also called `` hollandaise saus '' . 
  i believe what the ` mericans call french toast is some badly done version of `` pain perdu '' . 
  so not so inaccurate . 
  meanwhile germans do n't make babies . 
  that 's the big difference between france/uk and germany . 
  i heard recently that while germany is losing 100k workers a year ( to retirement , ... ) france gets 300k new people looking for work every year . 
  i might have the numbers slightly wrong , but it was roughly that . 
  i believe it 's roughly similar in the uk . 
  excepted the mediterranean part of france which is very sunny and very windy . 
  in the developed world , investors will not put a euro cent forward if your biotech project has no or can not have any patent . 
  it might be a different story in developing countries . 
  that 's a good point , however the proportion of applications to granted is most probably consistent in europe . 
  i know it is not compared to china for instance . 
  and m ' , n ' , t ', 
  so basically , your concept of the eu army will be able to project itself to another country to defend the local eu citizens . 
   this means that national militaries get downgraded heavily and are focused on defense exclusively . 
  this is an issue in the sense that the nation no longer has the power to project force by itself . 
  so if eu citizens are threatened in a foreign country , you would ask the americans ? 
  for instance , there a hundred of thousands and possibly millions of french people living and working in africa ( ex french colonies mostly ) . 
  what would happen ( as it has in the past ) if some crazy leader in one unstable country decides to kill all foreigners . 
  usually the french army goes in to stabilise the situation . 
  now , with your plan what would happen ? 
  what would happen if argentina seizes the falklands ? 
  what if ( crazy example ) morocco invades the canary islands ? 
  what if an an allied country is threatened ? 
  if you are defence only , all your far away places can be taken and none of your allies can count on you . 
  what this map does not take into account is the type of industry . 
  it 's fundamental when counting patents since some industries apply for a lot more than others . 
  it is not migrant quotas , it 's about refugees . 
  the argument that valls put forward is that you need to count all immigrants for quotas , not just refugees . 
  some countries take in more refugees than france , but france has taken in a lot of economic immigrants . 
  that 's the argument . 
  i have no idea if it 's true or not . 
  no it 's not . 
  since when are french fatter than german or belgian ? 
  there are some good tv shows not available in the us , but available in most european countries too . 
  it goes both ways . 
  good euro only shows : penny dreadful , falling skies . 
  the former being totally awesome . 
   i would say it 's more of a germane point of view . 
  do you mean german ? 
  germane , actually is a word and means `` relevant to a subject under consideration . '', 
  i agree , jumping to conclusions and relying on bad information are not the thing to do right now . 
   i guess that 's the reason why france will ( i read that somewhere , do n't quote me on that ) support the quota . 
  i heard on french radio this morning that the french government will support the quota , indeed . 
  evidently , the main opposition party on the right is against it , mentioning especially what i said , that is that previous immigration will not be taken into account and pointing his finger at scandinavian countries that have had very little immigrants in the past ( i.e. 
  not recently ) . 
  since he 's a politician i am not trusting what he 's saying , but i thought that his point on past immigration was a good one . 
  so you 're only half french then . 
  not a real [ french ] ( http://les-chemins-de-traverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/superdupont.jpg ) !, 
  the big issue with this system is that it does not take into account the refugees and other immigrants that countries have taken in in the last 50 years or so . 
  some countries have taken a lot more than others and only considering today without looking at the past is a big mistake . 
  it 's a long report . 
  i was interested in looking at the differences between france and the uk . 
  both have a similar population , birth rate , life expectancy . 
  so why would it be projected for france to have 75.7 m people in 2060 and 80.1 m for the uk ?
