  also i am not sure what you mean by `` earned '' . 
  not denying the fact that sikhs are well integrated in british society , but it has to be noticed that exceptions were made to better integrate them , such as laws on wearing helmets for instance . 
  let 's hope the dutch keep being in poor form . 
  arnica is available in much higher doses than homeopathic levels . 
  they were second of their pool in the qualifying rounds , which is not bad for a country that was not even a member of the international basketball federation a few years ago . 
  agreed . 
  many questions were so vague , i did not know if i agreed or disagreed . 
  being originally from montpellier and a rugby fan , i only know about [ gorgodzilla ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mamuka_gorgodze ) . 
  i never understood why french engineering is supposed to be bad . 
  then they stop being refugees and become economic migrants . 
  really ? 
  do you know what french greens have been saying for years : the only solution is to use less energy . 
  no technological solution will ever work . 
  as / u/10ebbor10 wrote , the political environmentalists are naturalist and thus anti-technology . 
  canada without quebec would be smaller in size than the usa . 
  that 's one good reason to keep them !, 
  i do n't think high speed trains cross roads . 
  not in rugby . 
  the rules are pretty loose . 
  in france too we use `` k\u00e4rcher '' for power washing . 
  bad language ? 
  the article specifically mentions :  that his work `` encourages violence and intolerance of homosexuality '' and `` fosters hatred with views thats seek to provoke others to terrorist acts . '', 
  5 % really ? 
  in france it is at the very least 25 % and more likely 30-33 % . 
  monarchs give up a `` normal '' life voluntarily . 
  they do n't have to . 
  even if rich or well connected people have certainly advantages , anyone can potentially become a great scientist , prime minister or great musicians . 
  they can not become king or queen . 
  and in the very recent past , kings and queens have abused their powers in the netherlands , belgium , the uk , ... 
  it 's well known , well documented , kept under the rug by the establishment as much as possible . 
  he might have been angry , but you seem totally blind to the fact that monarchies are totally anachronistic and obsolete . 
  he gave you real arguments that you simply dismiss and attacked him personally . 
  one sentence saying he hates monarchies and that 's the only thing you argue about . 
  i also hate monarchies because they stand against an important principle : we should all be equal relative to the law . 
  they are born `` better '' than the rest and that is against everything i stand for . 
  are you gon na call me angry and dismiss any argument against monarchies ? 
  he 's giving you arguments and you call him angry !, 
  the dutch royals are a taboo subject in the netherlands . 
  i have lived both in the uk and in the netherlands . 
  in england , i use to talk about their royals and most brits were willing to discuss the subject . 
  in the netherlands , it is not the case . 
  my wife is dutch and i remember in a family gathering , her cousin making a joke about the royal family . 
  he was immediately told to shut up by his father . 
  it 's weird , because you can talk about anything with dutch people , but not that . 
  that 's exactly what i said !, 
  people in france or germany take their republic for granted and are not remotely interested in discussing it . 
  people in the uk , for instance , are ( sometimes ) highly interested . 
  that 's not the way democracy works . 
  most republicans living in republics ( france , germany , etc. . ) do not care . 
  whereas many monarchists living in monarchies care a lot . 
  it 's highly biased . 
  lol , i understood this !, 
  you basically have many dutch , scandinavians and a few brits happily downvoting anyone criticising monarchies . 
  it happens every time . 
  oh my god !, 
  some of them have to work !, 
  and hard too !, 
  it 's like the kardashians in the us . 
  famous people who have never done anything to deserve their fame . 
  relevant : https://youtu.be/k1bhuyob8fm, 
  when i lived in paris , it was my experience every day . 
  title sounds like a porno . 
  article is disapointing . 
  is there a difference between the german and french speaking parts ? 
  i seem to recall that when you had a referendum on being a candidate for eu membership , the german part voted overwhelmingly against and the french part was more split or even slightly for ( this is from memory , i could be wrong ) . 
  ~ ~ also the [ death of pierre b\u00e9r\u00e9govoy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_b\u00e9r\u00e9govoy#death ) . 
  suicide or not . ~ ~ / u/squiksquik mentioned it before me . 
  that 's impossible . 
  have you ever met a french person neutral on any subject ? 
  it exists in every town/village in france too . 
  they top the `` satisfaction with personal relationships '' . 
  i guess it helps when you live in your parents ' basement !, 
  because not everyone is a criminal , or descendent of one . 
  `` normal '' patents are 20 years ( give or take a couple of years since it depends what you consider the starting date ) . 
  some patents called utility models have a shorter life ( less than 10 years ) . 
  virtually all `` real '' patents expire after 20 years , and this is unrelated to the domain ( with the exception of design , maths , computer algorithm , ... which are or not valid in different countries ) . 
  again , i am trying to be objective here , but you do not understand the issue . 
  pharmas put out a patent when the drug is still being investigated . 
  about 5 to 12 years later , it will be on the market ( a few more research years and up to 10 years of development , i.e. 
  clinical trials ) . 
  so the 20 years are really 10 , or less . 
  during that time , they have to make between 500m and 1b euros to compensate . 
  in europe , it 's all very much influenced by states , since they negotiate the prices with pharmas ( social security , nhs , ... ) . 
  the drug prices in europe are very reasonable ( compared to the usa for instance ) . 
  it 's not a free market situation at all . 
  note that patents can be voided in case of public safety . 
  it 's a political issue . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about !, 
  sorry to be blunt . 
  patents are granted for 20 years and , yes , in some case extended for a few more years . 
  copyrights can last a lot longer and that 's probably what you are thinking about . 
  no patent as ever lasted 70 years . 
  patents in the pharmaceutical industry are critical to the very existence of pharmas and biotechs . 
  at last , france is shining !, 
  math has always been a big thing in france . 
  i was walking with my son recently when we crossed cedric villani , an easily recognisable fields medal winner . 
  my god !, 
  you really believe the people on / r/europe are mostly for the uk to stay in the eu , because of the uk 's contribution to the eu budget ? 
  lol , now we know the truth : / r/europe subscribers are all eu accountants . 
   calais crisis .
