   you 've all heard about it too . 
  same old story , i wo n't develop on that . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/europe, 
  after trying to teach my 6 year old to write ( cursive ) , i realised how bad i was at it . 
  i looked at / r/handwriting and decided to train myself . 
  while my son was doing exercises , i was also doing some . 
  it takes a long time , but i slowly improve . 
  there 's never any guarantee on anything . 
  there is a difference between selling to ( sort of ) democratic countries and selling to the saudis , for instance . 
  it 's more nationalistic than fascist . 
   center party importantly for this subreddit , they are very pro-europe . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i would rather have some ethical arm dealing , if that makes any sense . 
  i was targeting your specific mention of the french , who do n't do worst than most . 
   it 's just something we 've grown up into and accept it without giving it much thought . 
  that 's not correct . 
  our ancestors , most probably , grew a large brain to be able to hunt . 
  only meat eating animals have large brains . 
  meat provides lots of energy . 
  also there 's been vegetarian movements on this planet for thousands of years , so i would not say `` without giving it much thought '' . 
   the frenchies sell to everybody willing to pay sure , sure . 
  let 's the french bashing start !, 
  i just came back from a week in crete . 
  it was wonderful , by the way . 
  the little shopping i did , i noticed that the shop owner/attendant was super enthusiastic to give me a receipt even though i paid cash each time . 
  great !, 
  the title was changed by the bbc , what can the op do ? 
  the news is about calais . 
  they are already here . 
  i am all for deporting them , but it 's not that simple . 
  so if they do n't say where they come from , where do you deport them to ? 
  911 in fact but some had settled there in the 9th century already . 
  after over 100 years , they were integrated in the local population and the army that invaded england contained thousands of troops , way more than the number of vikings that settled normandie . 
  yes they were . 
  i understand you feel so much pain that the french invaded and conquered you , but stop pretending they were not french . 
  we do n't all live in a tiny country flatter than a cr\u00eape . 
  with you about portuguese . 
  it 's really the nicest language to hear . 
  that is a perfect summary of europe right now . 
  this is incorrect . 
  give source . 
  i doubt de vries or de jong are jewish . 
  they probably were popular with jewish people that wanted to change their name to mix with the local population . 
  funny thing i heard about dutch names when i lived there . 
  i am not sure if it is true or not . 
  the dutch did not have family names up until napoleon 's invasion . 
  when napoleon invaded , he attempted to set a lot of rules and change the law . 
  basically installing an administration . 
  he forced the dutch to have family names . 
  so most family names are very recent in the netherlands . 
  some dutch people correctly assumed that napoleon will soon leave and incorrectly assumed that they will get rid of their new family names . 
  so they got creative and asked to get some weird names . 
  one such name is nakedgeboren which means born naked . 
  there 's very few possible designs for such a flag though . 
  the only alternative is a man having sex with a woman in the missionary position while their children are sleeping in another room . 
  with green blood . 
  i agree , but that kills the simplicity of the basic income system . 
  my point is that it is cheaper to pay those people not to work than to force them to work . 
  i have been fascinated for a while by the idea of the basic income . 
  there is unfortunately a non negligible size of the population that is unemployable ; think mentally or heavily handicapped people , people with learning issues , the very young , the very old , ... having a basic income solves their problem , partly , in terms of survival and it simplifies everything . 
  it also solves an issue that i think is critical : some people are just lazy and uninterested in working . 
  they can just do nothing instead of costing everyone time ( you know the type ) ; those people are not productive and in fact have a negative production since they cost their manager and other colleagues time . 
  thinking of the future and knowledge economy , they better stay home . 
  the main two issues i have are 1 . 
  giving money to kids will encourage irresponsible people to have more kids 2 . 
  it 's totally untested at a large scale . 
  thanks to france 's oversea territories , france has the second largest [ exclusive economic zone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone#rankings_by_area ) in the world , barely behind the usa . 
   its `` code '' was 99 , and if you see people with that on their id card for place of birth you know they were pieds noirs , frenchmen of algeria . 
  for social security numbers , in france , 99 means `` abroad '' ( source : my wife is a dirty foreigner and got 99 on her card ) . 
  neither of us !, 
  what about us ? 
  i see . 
  why would you think france is poor ? 
  france has many of the largest companies in the eu , more than any other country if i remember properly . 
  it 's mostly not consumer products , so you might not hear of them often . 
  nope , not in ppp which the op is using . 
  you are right . 
  it 's very important to understand that it is at the edge of paris and that just outside paris , at virtually the same place , there are several much uglier high rise buildings already . 
  you are just trying to find a measure where you are ahead of us ( counting prostitution and drugs or not ) . 
  come on , admit it !, 
  spain is not the only country with laws on [ l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9#current_laws_in_europe ) . 
  there 's also denmark , norway , the netherlands . 
  i have been talking about data from the start . 
  france has 80m or so visitors a year . 
  more than its population . 
  it 's not a small number . 
  and i was comparing healthcare ( which virtually everyone uses ) to mobile phones ( which virtually everyone use ) . 
  there 's roaming and local . 
  both will cost a company exactly the same in terms of infrastructure but , hey , you can charge ridiculous amounts to roaming people , so why not ? 
  it 's like saying `` i do n't have cancer , why should i pay social security for those that have it ? '', 
  what applies to you might not apply to many others . 
  you 'll have to explain to me how 0.7 euros ( or so ) per mb is a fair price for data . 
  it 's not about the big bad private sectortm . 
  it 's about people being ripped off by mobile telecom providers . 
  especially the data side is so expensive , that it is not ok . edit : though i disagree with you , it 's absolutely not ok for arseholes to downvote a post because they disagree . 
  what the fuck / r/europe people ? 
  only downvote if the post is not bringing anything to a civilized conversation . 
  do not downvote because you simply disagree . 
  you can be sure that they will protest to have those banned . 
  mark my words .
