  hey , that 's not our fault !, 
  it 's the stupid yanks that call it like that , not us !, 
  they also call a main course an `` entr\u00e9e '' which literally means a starter in french . 
  i am always surprised by the lack of reversing radar on cars in the us . 
  it 's so common in europe . 
  i guess usians do n't parallel park as much as in europe . 
  except that it also applies to your property ( house for instance ) , your pension fund , ... 
  if you stay in , say , europe for over 10 years , even if you make less than $ 96k a year , you are likely to owe the irs some money , in some cases a large amount . 
  i totally agree with you , but each time this opinion is put forward you are seen as an evil capitalist that want to sell your citizen 's soul to large corporations . 
  i do n't understand why france is ranked so low on cost-related issues . 
  it 's virtually free !, 
  how does this make sense ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  edit : jesus h christ !, 
  i know it is not `` free '' . 
  i was talking about the cost-related issues that patients have had according to the linked survey in the article . 
  18 % of people in france answered positively to `` did not fill a prescription ; skipped recommended medical test , treatment , or follow - up ; or had a medical problem but did not visit doctor or clinic in the past year because of cost '' . 
  was . 
  now i am gon na cry ... 
  because there are other things to do than memorising idiotic spellings and grammatical oddities ; other things that are a million times more useful . 
  i did not blame the us government !, 
  there are two good reasons why it 's easier to immigrate if you are rich than if you are poor : 1 . 
  you are not ( less of ) a burden to society . 
  you have enough money to not need social services . 
  you might invest in local companies with your money , or create your own company and thus jobs . 
  i am travelling to the us for business 4 to 5 times a year . 
  if i were to need a visa each time or even one a year , i 'll be really pissed off . 
  i supposed he was a ** legal ** economic migrant . 
  that makes all the difference !, 
  sweden and france have a lot of nature left . 
  a lot more than most/virtually all other european countries . 
  they are still in the top 10 . 
  the netherlands has almost no nature and they are 36th . 
  yep , i heard the same bullshit from some serbs too . 
  some of those guys are obsessed with their racial purity , whatever that mean . 
  [ why not both ? 
  it reminds me of my uncle and aunt who firmly believed ( still in the mid eighties ) that the berlin wall had been built to stop people from the west going to the paradise that was the east . 
  you 're right . 
  my mistake . 
  you were drinking at 9am , paris time ? 
  because that 's when the first plane hit a tower . 
  edit : it was 3pm . 
  hospital -  h\u00f4pital, 
  that 's a lot harder than you think . 
  especially for young kids . 
  instead of serving one meal they now have to count the number of people that eat different types of diet , and serve them those meals . 
  adding to this , very young children are pretty clueless , so whoever serves them meals has to know who eats what and serve them that . 
  it 's a million times simpler for everyone to have one meal . 
  if 1 billion people try to get into europe , how on earth do you want to assess their asylum claims ? 
  the wall got breached !, 
  we need a better wall . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  languages are fun to learn . 
  sometimes . 
  sure . 
  i 'll start tomorrow !, 
  yes , `` au revoir '' is perfect . 
  alternatively : `` bye bye '' or `` ciao '' are often used too , but they are a bit familiar . 
  typical english answer . 
  who is the most horrifying person in your country 's history ? 
  answer : a french guy !, 
  it 's still happening . 
  i very often see dutch tourists leaving a restaurant or bar and saying in their best french `` bonjour '' . 
   france is liberal toward sex and alternative lifestyles the important factor here is that homosexuality was decriminalised over 200 years ago in france . 
  and even before that , it was sometimes very well accepted ( one reason why leonardo da vinci ended up in france ) . 
  what happened to alan turing in the uk would never have happened in france , for instance . 
  also the protests in france were mostly about adoption by gay couples and ran by a very vocal minority . 
  they were not against `` gay sex '' . 
   french food in french restaurant is good . 
  it is . 
  i travel a lot and french food is really very good if you go to good restaurants in france . 
   by a famous radio host who was just quoting his guest , gilles kepel , a political specialist . 
  it 's funny how this radio host , jc bourdin , is always accused of being cosy with le pen , but now he 's accused of insulting her . 
  it 's a lot easier for le pen to insult a journalist ( the populist thing to do ) instead of a well respected guy i suppose . 
  says the welshman !, 
  that 's it i am done . 
  i am moving to google +, 
  and the actual meals [ here ] ( https://www.treated.com/media/3480653/treated-xmas-dinner-calories-tables-nov15table9.jpg ) it 's weird that they mention wine and beer for the uk and not for france . 
  there 's copious amounts of champagne and wines for christmas normally . 
  in france it 's the year ccxxiv in the revolutionary calendar . 
   salivation it reminds me it 's lunch time !, 
  us impact mostly . 
  trump or black lives matter have , for now , virtually no impact outside the us . 
  well netflix sort of work like that . 
  i have a french subscription to netflix and since i travel a lot , i watch netflix us in the us , netflix germany in germany , ... 
  thanks . 
  this sounds horrible . 
  what 's the solution ? 
  everyone knows that one of the conditions that gaddafi set for freeing the bulgarian nurses was to be received with honour in paris . 
  that was a small price to pay for the life of those nurses and the palestinian doctor . 
  but , let 's blame sarkozy , it 's so much easier !, 
  what ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  last time i looked at variety in family names , the top in the world were france , japan and italy . 
  the dutch got family names only relatively recently ( thanks napoleon !, 
  you have to look at it in terms of `` muslim population '' and not just population . 
  france has the largest muslim population in the eu and ( i think ) the largest in proportions too . 
  the number of french cunts that go to syria is ( proportionally to the muslim population of france ) pretty low , in fact . 
  i bet nl is higher . 
  i think this is very different to a patriot act .
