  this is the most stupid argument in this thread . 
  source : one guy . 
  it must be a universal truth then . 
  the nsa is spying at such a scale that comparing french spy agencies to nsa or cia is simply stupid . 
  edit : why the down vote ? 
  really it 's just one guy . 
  this is coming up every time france is mentioned . 
  some executive from a german company lost a deal to a french company and complained that france was using espionage . 
  that 's the only source claiming that france 's spying is the worst in the world . 
  the only source !, 
  seems to correlate with low birth rate , quelle surprise !, 
  right . 
  i just checked and it reached 240k euros in paris a few years ago , and 340k euros in nice . 
  i know . 
  i wrote exactly that in another comment in this thread . 
  absolutely !, 
  this is another important point . 
  they created a system that is obsolete and , now , they are fucked . 
  they got themselves into this problem , nobody forced them . 
  having said that , the only reasonable solution i can see is to help them get out of their own mess , but help them a little bit only ; after all , why would the public bail them out ? 
  the solution the french government chose was to make it illegal for uber-like companies to use smartphone technology . 
  this is so stupid in 2015 , it 's unbelievable . 
  i believe that most of the cost associated with taxi fares is due to the `` medallion '' or whatever you call it that they buy . 
  those medallions can cost nearly 500k euros . 
  that 's a lot of money to have to make . 
  insurance costs are a lot lower than that . 
  the big difference is the ( what seem to be the ) massive scale at which the us is doing it . 
  / r/france is leaking in this thread and dsk supporters are downvoting contradictory opinions . 
  sad . 
  i second this . 
  i have been there 3 times and i want to go again . 
  it 's beautiful , nice to walk around , the food is great , sights aplenty . 
  he 's not been condemned . 
  i still believe he 's a horrible person , a rapist and mentally disturbed man . 
  it 's like , my opinion , man !, 
  some people seem to be blinded by his personality and political ideas . 
  nobody 's irreplaceable . 
  and i 'd really like to get this rapist replaced . 
  not with your username !, 
  shish ish my houshe . 
  come on . 
  when i lived in the netherlands , i noticed many dutch can not properly pronounce z , s and sh in english . 
   i 've spotted exactly zero nazis riding on dinosaurs . 
  that does not mean they are none . 
  you need to look harder . 
  distribute free espresso and the country will restart swiftly !, 
  my example was real . 
  the conversation with my son started on the subject of orphans . 
  he did not know what that meant and was shocked to learn that some kids do not have parents , even if he knows pretty well spiderman , batman and superman , it never registered to him that they were orphans . 
  i do not understand how hard it is to explain to kids . 
  if they do n't accept that 2 men or 2 women can be together , just tell them that that 's the way it is and to get over it . 
  at that age , they do n't need or can not understand everything . 
  why on earth would a 6 year old child care about gays ? 
  unless his environment is very gay or very anti-gay , there is no reason for a 6 year old kid to care . 
   never tried to explain anything to young kids have you ? 
  indeed , i never ever talk to my own kids or try to explain anything to them . 
   but the fact that it can be hard to explain to kids , should not be a reason to not let two people do anything they want regardless of their gender . 
  you are completely missing my point . 
  i am saying it is very easy to explain to kids . 
  oh my god !, 
  what have i done ? 
  you are right . 
  italians are totally incapable to try to sort two or more problems at once . 
  no multi tasking what so ever . 
  here is how hard it is to explain gay couples to a six year old : my son : `` are there always a dad and mom ? '', 
  me : `` no , sometimes there can be 2 dads or 2 moms . '', 
  my son : `` really ? '', 
  me : `` yes . '', 
  my son : `` oh !, 
  ok then . '', 
  wrong . 
  dutch is the klingon version of german . 
  nope . 
  my father hit me once . 
  i was 10 or so and was playing at balancing myself on the rear legs of my chair during dinner . 
  my dad told me to stop and i did not . 
  he was afraid those old chairs will break . 
  we had guests and he started getting pissed off and slapped me . 
  i moved my head back to avoid his very weak blow and i fell backward . 
  through the french window , broke the whole glass and landed in the garden . 
  i did not get hurt at all , like a very lucky 10 year old stuntman . 
  not even a cut from all the broken glass . 
  my father was livid . 
  i do n't think `` the basis '' is correct . 
  cloning organs is very different to cloning fully grown animals . 
  the issues the article is talking about is totally unrelated to cloning organs . 
  the issues are animal welfare and not the ethics of replacement organs or meat grown in vat . 
  though i agree with you that cloning organs or meat is going to be a very important subject in the near future . 
  the article is only talking about cloning animals . 
  not about cloning anything else . 
  a cloned animal need to be slaughtered just as much as a non-cloned animal . 
  it will solve nothing for muslims . 
  you are thinking about cloning/growing cloned meat . 
  this article is not talking about that . 
  i stay about 8 weeks a year in the us and i always miss the massive choice of yoghurts we have in france [ [ random image ] ( http://referentiel.nouvelobs.com/file/5250613.jpg ) found on google ] . 
  even though french brands are popular in north america ( yoplait , danone , spelled dannon there ) , it 's not the same . 
  they resided in panama . 
   although he was born to us presidents that 's parents for mccain , presidents for bush . 
  what would be interesting to add would be the percentage of people with this surname . 
  look who 's feeling insecure !,
