  to be fair , medical science uses a lot more correlations than hard proofs . 
  germans be like : we are here for the beach , not culture !, 
  how can i make a million accounts and downvote this ? 
  she should get her throat checked . 
  looks horribly swollen . 
  i think in english the french is used : mustermann , n\u00e9e gabler, 
  some data comes from `` freedom house '' . 
  i would not trust them . 
  it 's often anecdotal and pretty much ` merican definition of democracy , freedom of expression , ... edit : i looked at a few indicators . 
  they are laughable at best . 
  saudi arabia is considered with the same religious tolerance as us , uk , france , ... and a better tolerance for immigrants . 
  there is virtual slavery for some immigrants there . 
   ~ ~ no way jos\u00e9 ! ~ ~ come on , simon !, 
  you mean word or noun ? 
  it 's 5am on the east coast . 
  you should crosspost it to / r/iwantout . 
  oh my god !, 
  i apologise . 
  i did not remember that . 
  well done !, 
  someone on / r/soccer yesterday evening wrote : the mexican wave is the most multicultural thing that may has ever done . 
  do n't get use to it . 
  we wo n't do it every match . 
  and i really hope we wo n't have to . 
   we would and have done the same for them . 
  something similar no doubt , but la marseillaise has a lot more words than your anthem . 
  edit : as / u/englishnuclear wrote below , i am an idiot for not remembering that the rosbeefs did it in 2015 . 
  my pants . 
  thanks . 
  i corrected . 
  i am copying what i wrote on another thread : the abstention is predicted to be 50 % which is the lowest for a long time . 
  my guess is voters of the right and left are totally bemused by the apparent chaos . 
  it could turn out as a huge victory for en marche and macron . 
  well , that 's just a guess . 
  at 8pm some pretty accurate estimations will be known . 
  the details for each voting district will take a lot longer ( midnight or so , i guess ) . 
  the abstention is predicted to be 50 % which is the biggest for a long time . 
  my guess is voters of the right and left are totally bemused by the apparent chaos . 
  it could turn out as a huge victory for en marche and macron . 
  well , that 's just a guess . 
  i did not know henry iv was so popular outside of france . 
  looks like there was some lag . 
  with all those internet filters in the uk , it 's not the same anymore . 
  i will always upvote archer references . 
  i wrote this joke on a thread about poland a few years ago . 
  to whom does it apply best ? 
  polish or czech ? 
  it 's not that simple to introduce this kind of laws . 
  also several of those things are done or impossible in france . 
   ban foreign funding of mosques also ban vatican funding of churches ? 
   ban foreign imams there are lots of foreign priests in france , since we have mostly moved away from religions . 
  do you want them banned too ? 
   better immigration polices  close radical mosques this is being done . 
   special prisons for extremists , so they can not indoctrinate others  stop treating saudi arabia as an ally  teach children that religion/islam is bullshit in school no religion teaching in france at schools . 
   try to reduce segregation there is no segregation in france . 
   undercover `` inspections '' in mosques this is regularly done . 
   ban circumcision i agree , but it 's not going to happen . 
  they were just scared of macron 's handshake and were begging him to go easy on them . 
  it does . 
  two-round elections allow alliances between parties to win a second round . 
  this is very different to fptp elections where only large parties count . 
  but you are correct , it is not the same as proportional representation . 
  the french parliamentary elections are also two rounds like the presidential elections . 
  it 's not fptp . 
  that 's the second time i write this in / r/europe threads . 
  ca n't you , people , listen to me for once ? 
  i hope he 'll be a lot better than obama . 
  obama was a huge disappointment , mostly because he could not do much at the end of the day . 
  i hope macron will do a lot more . 
  no , it 's two rounds . 
  i like how modern it looks , but this giant mirror and boring desk should not be there . 
  i am not saying you are . 
  what i am saying is that the macron/merkel combo can change europe . 
  britain was never really on the europe side and for a long time has been on the anglo side ( usa , canada , australia , nz , ... ) while feigning to be with europe . 
  it 's a big clarification that is happening . 
  it will take time , but at some point , peoples , nations will need to chose side . 
  it 's a fake . 
  this patent does not exist . 
  probably . 
  but the opportunity to do it is now . 
  trump and brexit on one side , macron on the other . 
   but the uk has joined the us in legit high-intensity combined arms warfare like in the gulf war in 1991 , the invasion of afghanistan in 2001 , and the iraq invasion in 2003 . 
  france was also involved in the first two . 
  i know , i know . 
  he proposed that a machine be used to behead people whatever their rank in society . 
  he did not invent it , but was instrumental in its creation and use . 
  indeed , his ultimate goal was the abolition of the death penalty , but he was in the camp of `` a small step at a time '' . 
  we got several royal birthdays recently . 
  i thought that we could have a thought for [ doctor guillotin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph-ignace_guillotin ) . 
  his goal was to stop people suffering and he made a `` machine '' that would painlessly behead people . 
  she looks like she just landed from outer space and is still wearing her astronaute costume . 
   seriously though , the silver lining is that our next president ca n't possibly be as genuinely stupid . 
  that 's what i thought before the re-election of gw bush . 
   1/3rd of babies born in france are muslim absolute bullshit . 
  french bashing is not the entirety of their humour but it 's a large component of it . 
  it reminds me of the list of [ oldest universities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_universities_in_continuous_operation ) which does not include french universities because they stopped for a few years during the french revolution . 
  it 's arbitrary and , finally , misleading . 
   re\u00fanion congratulations on trying to use a diacritic !, 
  but you put it on the wrong letter . 
  it 's r\u00e9union .
