  who are the people that say the poor have to foot the bill and the rich have to go to tax heavens ? 
  nobody that has any power in the eu say that . 
  what you are talking about are european rules that the previous french governments ( from the right or the left ) have agreed to apply . 
  you are blaming the horrible europe that want to destroy the poor french people , but all those rules and laws were also agreed by french meps , french governments , ... 
  the truth is that the french society is extremely static and statist . 
  it does not want to move and it relies too much on the state . 
   vie dans l'amour est plus important que l'argent i never heard this one , but it 's more likely to be `` vie et amour sont ... '' . 
  what you wrote says `` life in the love '', 
  `` amx-56 leclerc country of origin : france main armament : 120mm l52 smooth bore autoloader top speed : 72km/h cost : $ 12.9 million the leclerc has advanced modular composite armour a crew of three ( no loader ) and is fitted with an autoloader which gives it a faster fire rate than other tanks . 
  this tank has good mobility due to it 's ** 1 500 hp engine and hydropneumatic suspension ** however when it was produced it was the most expensive tank ever made . '', 
  sounds like a citro\u00ebn with a maserati engine , the [ sm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citro\u00ebn_sm ) . 
  you seem to know nothing about french and spanish food !, 
  if you are not involved in criminal activities or are not german , there is no reason to ever see one . 
  by nobody 's definition but yours . 
  i remember seeing on tv a palestinian woman saying to journalists that if israeli soldiers kill her son , she 'll just make another one . 
  i was horrified by this way of thinking . 
  also your experience with kids in germany is quite ... '' german '' . 
  go to france or southern europe and people 's attitude towards children in restaurants will be very different . 
  i visited the cave ( well its copy ) last summer . 
  it 's the best i have ever seen and the oldest . 
  lascaux is much younger but not as impressive . 
  if you are in the south of france , it 's a must see . 
  a friend of mine works in the same lab as the people who first carbon dated the paintings ( same lab as the one who did this new study i think ) . 
  already the first time it was done , it was found to be much older than thought . 
  he told me that when they got the first results , it came out dated much older than experts thought it was , so they thought they had made a mistake and redid it . 
  why not ? 
  is there a standard i should follow ? 
  from south to north , counter clockwise : * pata negra and many other food stuff are amazing . 
  some of your painters are second to known . 
  sevilla is a magical place . 
  * pizza and pasta are basic human necessities . 
  i love your white wines ( call me crazy , right ! ) . 
  you basically created and influenced the whole of europe . 
  i heard you hate us ( i have no idea why ) , but we love you !, 
  * awesome chocolate !, 
  * i have one of your cars !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  my wife likes your poetry and composes music for rilke poems . 
  * ... not rich enough to care * mussels and frites !, 
  love that . 
  your beer is the best . 
  your comics and sense of humour . 
  * then it 's all seas/oceans and nothingness . 
   irregardless this word does not exist . 
  use regardless instead . 
  i am not sure myself . 
  i have used dryers for the last 30 years in europe . 
  maybe that 's human nature . 
  sad , but difficult to avoid . 
  micro : bit . 
  a name that would not work well in france . 
  great britain !, 
  they want to exit the eu , let them serve a purpose !, 
  ( i am kidding ! ), 
  those always made me laugh : * pont-\u00e0-mousson : mussipontain * b\u00e9ziers : biterrois, 
  this is well described by georges brassens in his 1970 's song `` mourir pour des id\u00e9es '' . 
  french spelling is horrible ; however , when you see a word you should be able to pronounce it with very few exceptions . 
  english , on the other hand , seems to be pronounced randomly . 
  example : sot , seau , sceau , saut are all pronounced `` so '' in french but mean different things . 
  it was certainly the case before . 
  i went to university in the id 80s . 
  before that , i was at school in a bad neighbourhood . 
  there were many `` issues '' with algerians and gypsies there . 
  france has also been very successful there . 
  the problem is not with the italians , spaniards , poles , ... 
  it looks like a volkswagen , so anything is possible !, 
  i heard on the radio about a year or so ago , that france needs to create 400k jobs a year for new comers on the job market , whereas germany loses 100k employees a year due to retirement . 
  almost all due to birth/death rates . 
  the first time , i was surprised . 
  then i noticed a sign saying something like `` for health reasons our burgers are cooked well done '' . 
  basically , it 's the default cooking . 
   five guys , the high-end hamburger chain that barack obama once dubbed `` the best in the world '' lol . 
  good chips/fries , but their burgers is just over-cooked crap . 
  it just tastes of burned meat . 
  just wanted to check if someone read it !, 
  you are only looking at the differences there . 
  france and britain are and have been very similar in many other aspects . 
  population , size , army , economy , cultural power , empire , geographical proximity , cuisine , ... 
  i am fairly sure it 's data not picard who said that ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klhzx7ukknu ), 
  french wine makers are not allowed to sponsor sport events , so it is seen as unfair . 
  so how do you chose the lucky ones that go to bulgaria . 
  if they refuse , what happens ? 
  you call this fair ? 
  it 's only fair because there is no huge variations within germany , there are massive differences between , say sweden and romania . 
  fair enough . 
  like what ? 
  so greece then . 
  that 's the first eu country most would encounter . 
  so what you are saying is that refugees will be forced to go to , say , bulgaria . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  they are asked to come to france from germany and only a handful aggreed . 
  imagine bulgaria ( no offense meant ) . 
  unfortunately it 's not available in many countries . 
  yeah , but no . 
  i think you 're right . 
  france is second . 
  but it primarily depends on the terms used `` irreligious , atheist , agnostic , does n't believe in a god , ... '' . 
  a lot less whining about the eu !, 
  possibly , some real concrete actions from the remaining members to move forward and improve the eu . 
  where ?
