  this is ridiculous . 
  anybody can potentially become a french citizen . 
  you do n't need to be born in france to be one and you do n't need to be born in france to be president . 
  do they have different rights to normal people ? 
  yes . 
  do they have those rights only because of the family they were born into ? 
  yes . 
  kudos to the spaniards protesting . 
  let 's remember the universal declaration of human rights , whose first article states :  all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  equal in rights means you can not be in power just because you were born in a certain family . 
  us french are very critical of everything , so i am not surprised people are critical of the french system . 
  there certainly are issues with the french system , but since it 's been classified by who and others as one of the best 3 systems in the world , the results in this study do not make any sense . 
  thanks , i could not find it . 
  i am starting to read it now and i am extremely surprised to say the least . 
  france is marked as 10 ( us at 11 ) when it comes to `` paying '' . 
  for god sake , it 's virtually free in france . 
  how can we possibly be that bad !, 
  11 ( the worst ) for waiting time to receive treatment !, 
  i have never heard of waiting times in france . 
  i recently got surgery and it went like this : got appointment with surgeon in 2 days , surgery 3 days later ( including the weekend ) . 
  note that i never saw a bill . 
  for me , it looks like they inverted the numbers for france , it just does not make sense . 
  weird that who classified france as number one ( a few years ago ) and now france has one of the worst systems ? 
  i used to live in the england in the 90s and the nhs was scary back then . 
  i am happy it has improved . 
  we do n't all have natural gas , on the other hands the netherlands is ( one of ) the largest co2 producer per capita in europe . 
  edit : corrected, 
  no it is not . 
  france and the uk are rather similar in terms of military forces , missiles , submarines , ... 
  i do n't like cheese or red wine . 
  i seem to recall that a few years ago bribery of foreign officials was tax deductible in france . 
  obviously it was not labelled `` bribes '' . 
  if a professor of human nutrition says '' it brings in vegetables in the form of salad '' , i tend to think that he 's either misquoted or not a professor . 
  salad , in itself , has very little nutritional value and certainly less than vegetables . 
  i guess a lot of the quality of the air has to do with wind . 
  many cities from the west coast of europe receive a good daily dose of fresh air from the atlantic . 
  oh yes . 
  i can not recall the exact proportions , but there is a european quota and a lower french quota for music on the radio . 
  surprisingly , this also applies to movies on the telly , be it live , or vod , or even via subscriptions such as netflix . 
  on top of that , you have very strict laws on when a movie can be shown : on vod , tv , dvds , and subscription-based systems . 
  it 's a loooong time after cinema release , and totally unsuitable for netflix . 
  you mean wind power ? 
  do n't underestimate the power of protests in france . 
  you exaggerate a little but i get your point . 
  the issue in france is the extremely strict laws regarding what can be seen on different media , and in which language . 
  it 's a total clusterfuck and last thing i read about this , netflix was saying to the french government that they will base their broadcast from luxembourg to avoid all french laws . 
  i really , really hope they do it . 
  last year i spent a few weeks with my kids in the usa and netflix kids was amazing . 
  just for that , i 'd like to get it in france . 
  the same is true for france with the cnrs . 
  i was confronted to this in the netherlands too . 
  i could not put petrol in my car with an international credit card at he station i stopped to . 
  this is really stupid . 
   you want magic technologic toys to clean up your mess instead of acting like an adult and use the existing technology responsibly . 
  i am acting as a human being and seeking progress to correct the errors of the past . 
  i do n't want to act like a scared ape taking refuge in a cave , afraid of lightnings . 
   you can call back when the magical toys have arrived . 
  until then , we 've got a planet to maintain . 
  ~ ~ magical ~ ~ scientific new toys arrive all the time . 
  it 's call progress . 
  you want to live like the amish . 
  i want to live in the star trek universe . 
   if you 're looking into your crystal ball anyway you might as well give us the plans already so we can see what they 're really worth . 
  until then , there 's no room for sky pie in the limited budget . 
   the greens are fucking barbarians . 
  any sort of scientific progress is a threat for you . 
  you want us all to go back to living in caves . 
  instead of promoting a less polluted world with the help of science , you just want everyone to live the wonderful time of the middle age . 
  i have heard dutch people use [ drs. 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doctorandus ) which means someone with a degree . 
  it always made me laugh . 
  the alstom story could mean that a new european train maker rises , as a mix of alstom train division and siemens ' . 
  nobody 's mentioned erwtensoep from the netherlands . 
  it 's a delicious pea thick soup with sausages and stuff . 
  must be homemade , since i never had a good one in a restaurant . 
  no , it 's purely factual . 
  everyone here seems to be thinking of older children . 
  what 's happening in day care and pre-school ( maternelle ) is different because children do not have a choice , and understandably so . 
  when my son was in daycare , there was no pork on the menu . 
  then the head of daycare changed and pork was reintroduced . 
  this is not the case at my son 's school . 
  i meant as a weight measure . 
  as a word for @ , yes it is still used . 
  it 's not used in france anymore , or at least i have never heard it . 
  the french word `` arobase '' comes from a measure of weight . 
  by 2015 : does it mean before jan 1st 2015 or before dec 31st 2015 ? 
  some recent survey gave the right 22 % , the front national 20 % . 
  with the current dislike of politicians and the scandals on all sides , but especially about the right , it 's inevitable that many will chose the populist option . 
  it 's not historic since they had a bit of success a few years previously in local elections too . 
  what seems to be going on is a huge historic success in the european elections in a few weeks . 
  that will be massive . 
  i am appalled , but they will be the first french party in the new eu elections . 
  it describes france too . 
  i think most people are in denial , all over europe and all over the world . 
  coming from a dutch person , it 's hilarious , considering [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement#dutch_sandwich ) is the biggest tax evasion scheme in europe . 
  similarly in france , the front national would be at 20 % , just behind the top party ( ump ) at 22 % . 
  those polls depress me . 
  especially in light of the recent news of paris pollution . 
  the french media were keen to mention that part of the parisian pollution was due to german coal burning power plants . 
  so the nuklear nein danke was not good for france ( on several levels ) .
