just do n't forget to say `` no homo tho '' at the end . 
  you 're right , i should 've expressed myself differently . 
  i admit that i 'm a bit emotional when it 's about terrorist groups in turkey , because we ( civilians ) have suffered a lot by terrorism ( not only pkk but in general ), 
  `` pkk hurt us more than isis did . '', 
  is a fact . 
  `` bringing myself to compare '' sounds more subjective , because the guy above me sounded like that . 
  ca n't answer it , sorry . 
  it 's a very controversial subject , and i believe i do n't have enough knowledge for now . 
  i do n't think turkey is guilty when pkk is bombing and killing civilians in middle east and big cities such as istanbul and ankara . 
  it 's just not between army of turkey and guerilla ( pkk ) . 
  there is no need to compare terrorist organisations . 
  turkey has been dealing with pkk for long years , iirc at least thirty . 
  at this point i ca n't bring myself to compare . 
  pkk hurt us more than isis did . 
  many turks that do n't support erdogan know pkk is a terrorist organisation . 
  he reminds me of `` jester '' from town of salem . 
  please do n't insult kebabs . 
  kebab is awesome , erdo\u011fan is not . 
   they also have a romanticised version of turkey in their heads precisely because they have never lived there . 
  they go there for like a month in the summer as a kid each year and they think that 's what it 's like to live there . 
  that 's 100 % right , i know many german-turks and they adore turkey/istanbul , they always talk about how much they missed istanbul , but they 've never lived in the country for more than 4 weeks ( holiday ) . 
  and most of european-turks support erdo\u011fan and believe that turkey is strong thanks to him . 
  do they think turkey has the same standards as germany/nl ? 
  probably . 
  yet they never think of moving out of europe . 
  ofc we tried , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gezi_park_protests they do n't listen . 
  they 're brainwashed . 
  yes , i 'm not even exaggerating it . 
  a considerable amount of voters think like that . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  erdo\u011fan supporters think usa and europe are scared of turkey 's might . 
  some of them vote for him out of fear . 
  istanbul 's population is almost 15m tho, 
  i would always take roman/byzantine empire over ottoman anyway, 
  i 'm okay with civ references here . 
  awesome game . 
  there are overly sensitive people in the world ( especially when it 's about skin colour ) so i assume they thought you 're one of them, 
  it 's like rednecks of america, 
  at this point i 'm not even surprised anymore . 
   why are you turks and arabs in europe when you do not respect country you live in . 
  money , better healthcare/education , civilized people . 
  even though they always think turkey is better than germany/nl . 
  turks in europe are bigoted , two-faced and narrow minded people . 
  i believe many ottoman leaders would feel ashamed of erdo\u011fan . 
  unlike erdo\u011fan and his ministers , some ottoman leaders were educated and open-minded in their respective eras . 
  ( note : not a fan of ottoman empire here ), 
  there will be a referendum in april , we 're going to decide if we want to give more power to erdo\u011fan to become a `` stronger country '' , or not ( a man should n't hold too much power ) . 
  akp wanted to have a rally in nl/germany because there are a lot of european-turks living there , and they have right to vote . 
  netherlands did n't want that , at least not in their public areas . 
  now erdo\u011fan is playing the victim and says `` europe is fascist !, 
  they hate us !, 
  they 're jealous/afraid of our power !!!! '', 
  my mind went ????? 
  at the headline . 
  cringefest indeed, 
   his plan b is probably terror attacks and showing himself as the beacon of stability , but people see through that too . 
  this have n't happened in major cities since they announced referendum , latest one was in be\u015fikta\u015f . 
  but i 'm scared too . 
  i 'm going to vote #no , but what if erdo\u011fan starts bombing our cities again ? 
  mods , please ban this guy . 
   redditor for 37 minutes lol, 
  i thought the same thing . 
  remember when k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu said he wo n't oppose referendum ? 
  how he believes in democracy , our people and their free will ? 
  otherwise erdo\u011fan would say `` oh opposition ( chp ) is against democratic ways !, 
  they 're scared of referendum !, 
  i thought they were thinking of willem van oranje but do those people even know who that is ? 
  i agree with you . 
  i also do n't want turkish citizens living in other countries in their whole lives having right to vote . 
  some european turks have never lived there , but they can vote ? 
  as a turk , i ca n't stand having turks in my team either , i feel you . 
  i often hid my nationality and just speak english instead . 
  i had no idea that kilicdaroglu supported cavusoglu . 
  what the actual fuck , seriously . 
  well , eurovision is n't a normal song contest, 
  ballads vs freak shows not that i complain, 
  my favourites were moldova , montenegro , greece , azerbaijan and portugal today . 
  sad that montenegro could n't make it :(, 
  australia still thinks eurovision is a song contest . 
  but it is n't, 
  portugal was so sweet , reminded me of disney, 
  never voted for akp in my life . 
  so it means i have no right to criticise them ? 
  / u/prigby 's post was about ataturk 's reforms and what he did for republic of turkey , not armenian genocide . 
  idk why mods are n't doing something about this . 
  it 's becoming pretty boring . 
  i 'll take a look at it in detail tomorrow . 
  huh ? 
  that 's entirely a different issue , it involves criminal law . 
  on these shows you 're on screen by your consent , and willing to meet your future spouses and marry them by your consent again . 
  i shared the same thought first , but then i realised that erdogan can ban any kind of show he wants ( he already did in past ) just because it 's `` immoral '' , `` against traditional & religious values '' etc. 
  i do n't like this kind of shows , but this is wrong . 
  he 'll continue banning anything he does n't like seeing on tvs . 
  i heard this is false , but it 's too late here atm and i 'm going to look for sources tomorrow . 
  it 's annoying when greeks randomly attack you on the internet even if it 's irrelevant to the topic . 
  this is like an irish attacking every british they see on this sub . 
  if the thread is about turkey-greece history then it 's ok . edit : i do n't have anything against greek people . 
  i like their culture , history and people . 
  however ive never had a friendly or neutral conversation between a greek on the internet , because of their behaviour . 
  try zenmate and hola unblocker,
