  you have no idea what is happening around you . 
  there is a very strong pro-palestine sentiment here . 
   still very high minimum wage you 've got to be fucking kidding me . 
  `` arabia '' is outdated so that we do n't confuse it with the country ( saudi ) arabia . 
  even if you type [ this ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=arabia+map&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjcienvt_3rahwepxqkhriqb_mq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=638 ) on google you get maps of saudi arabia . 
  thank you , all my maps are updated . 
  plus , there are no refugees coming from `` arabia '' . 
  so the argument is invalid to begin with . 
  i am dead serious . 
  i 'm confused , you said that 1.500.000 people are making the lives of 510.000.000 difficult , you do n't want them to corrupt your cultural traits , but then again you accuse them for not speaking your language , then you say that they do n't work because they are refugees but before that you said they 're not refugees but immigrants , then you 're telling me that i 'm destroying europe , when people like you who do n't respect humane values and solidarity are spoiling europe fundametally . 
  you keep coming up with contradicting accusations based on generalisations of the sort `` arabia '' and `` africa '' and then you want to convince me for what you 're saying because you have `` talked with several in person '' . 
  frankly , you make no sense . 
  but one thing is for sure , you have never interacted with refugees/immigrants/foreigners ( call them anything you like ) and you are too prejudiced to do so . 
  your desire to stay safe in your fancy house watching everything around you fall apart and being indifferent about it or putting the blame on others is the epitome of hypocricy , and i will not allow you to say that i am responsible for the destruction of europe when you just humiliated the number one principle europe was built upon . 
   and they start pumping out babies as soon as they get here . 
  you are talking of them like they 're bunnies or something . 
  but they are people , you know . 
  they are working , too . 
  you do n't feed them . 
  nothing is being given for free . 
   sorry you didnt get the arabia comment . 
  you do n't need to be sorry . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  in fact , i 'm the one who needs to feel sorry if you think that the entire area between morocco and iraq is an undefined assemblage of child-bearing arabic bunnies , with absolutely no cultural diferrentiation . 
   illegal economic immigrants i do n't understand why you highlight this phrase in contrast with refugees , as if there is a difference between them apart from the legal status . 
  i would be glad to have more people in need come and work in my country if it was possible and if we were self-sufficient . 
  unfortunately we are not . 
  but we still accommodate a high number of refugees . 
   i did not vote for fucking around in other nations and i will not be guilted into letting third worlders overrun europe in the hopes of getting welfare and pretty white girls . 
  if you think 1.500.000 refugees can overrun a union with a population of 510.000.000 , there is something very twisted with the understandement of numbers in your head . 
  also , you are generalising . 
   inviting all of africa/arabia to europe is literally a disaster . 
  there is no `` arabia '' . 
  check the map . 
  nobody `` wants them badly '' . 
  europe has been involved in their countries affairs ' and in many occasions has contributed to the refugee crisis . 
  interfering in others ' business and then turning your back on the problem you helped create is fucking hypocritical to say the least . 
  and even before that . 
  the wealthier should aid those in need . 
  it 's common sense . 
  rather , it 's one of the most fundamental european values , and being in the union does not only equal freedom , but obligations too . 
  actually , the etymology of [ february ] ( http://www.pantheon.org/articles/f/februus.html?esc ) is linked to death too . 
  you really do n't need to be that immature . 
  i just wanted to know which group you included yourself in with that `` us '' . 
  who is `` us '' ? 
  nobody said anything about mussolini and hitler . 
  you either think fascism means exactly the same thing it used to mean in the 30 's or that it has been completely eliminated , and neither is the case . 
  ok . what is the definition of fascist , according to you ? 
  i said i did n't know whether sanders ever declared himself populist , but i still never saw a link with this statement . 
  i already said why i do n't think he is a populist . 
  and i hate labeling people . 
  i only do it for fascists . 
  it 's essential . 
  he has a sphere of influence which makes him potentially dangerous and he is being paid for what he does . 
  yes , but the difference is that bernie has actually led a life of protest and activism and farage is being trump 's pet . 
  has bernie declared himself populist ? 
  if that 's true , i genuinely did n't know . 
  first of all , i would n't call sanders a populist . 
  at least in my book . 
  he is a man who has lived his life in accordance to his ideals . 
  he is consistent , because his actions correlate directly with his words . 
  unlike farage who used to be the leader of a party that claimed to stand up for the people against the ruling political elite while having hitler-praising ex-bankers as members . 
  hahahaha so you * were * indeed being sarcastic . 
  [ here you go man , all yours . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/executive_order_13769 ), 
  i really wish i did n't . 
   it seems that if you are against mass ( & mostly unchecked ) immigration into your country you are now a nazi . 
  keep misinterpreting my words and modifying them and calling me an idiot just because you did n't understand . 
  if he is allowed to speak his mind freely then i 'm allowed to call him a fascist . 
  ideally i would prefer not to hear a word of his hate brigading speeches . 
  unfortunately people elect him and he is a well-known politician . 
  so he speaks publicly . 
  and as a citizen of a democratic country i have the right to call him a fascist if i believe he is one . 
  of course uncomfortable truths should be talked about , but not in a victimblaming way . 
  for example , what farage does is accusing the hiv carriers for existing while he should focus on the dysfunction of the british healthcare system . 
  every foreigner living in the uk ( in any country , really ) is under the responsibility of the state , believe it or not . 
  foreigners contributes to the economy , too . 
   a country should first of all look after it 's own citizens . 
  contradiction . 
  you just said that it 's a problem when foreigners make up 60 % of the new hiv cases , and that this should be addressed , but know you 're asking to leave that aside and focus on the locals ? 
  you know what the result would be ? 
  * more foreigners with hiv * . 
  ignoring a social group and its problems completely leads to social isolation and marginalisation . 
  you 've seen it , in the suburbs of paris , with the kurdish minorities in turkey , this happens everywhere when you hide the problems under the carpet . 
  scapegoating does n't magically fix anything . 
  also , your nationality is irrelevant and it does n't make you immune from being a racist ( that said without implying that you are in fact a racist . ), 
  i hope you did n't close the tab after 10 seconds and i also hope you understood that i just brought up an example . 
  this video is not the definition of fascism but a sample of what a fascist would say and how he would say it . 
  this is why i titled this video `` a brief introduction '' and not `` all fascist sayings of nigel farage '' . 
  not sure if sarcasm . 
   without wanting a dictatorship i do n't think you can be a fascist . 
  well , it seems that fascism for you means something different to what it means to me . 
   if i 'm wrong please point out any fascist rulers that were n't a dictator . 
  i said it 's a brief introduction . 
  calling someone a chinky does n't make you a fascist automatically . 
  it 's * all these friendly sayings * and his style of talking . 
  it 's the distinction he makes , the `` we '' as opposed to the `` them '' : the romanians next door , the hiv carrier foreigners , the chinky , the muslim etc. 
  it 's the motive of this rhetorical violence and where it aims that makes him a fascist . 
  this kind of sarcasm is vague and pointless . 
  it amazes me that , still , there are people who do not acknowledge that every form of populism is fascism , fundamentally and essentially .
