  also the south ( where most unemployment is ) looks clearly weaker when it comes to armed forces ( not to mention almost all of them are not nuclear powers ) . 
  how do you mobilize people ? 
  especially in the age of the internet and free travel . 
  their problems are with their own goverments and faceless/nationless banking corporations . 
  it 's not like in ww2 where the nazis told people `` france/england took some of our clay and ransacked our economy with war reparations and sanctions . 
  they are to blame for your miserable lives '' . 
  you might dislike merkel & co. , but how do you even escalate a conflict with an entire nation ? 
  one that you maybe visited or interacted with sure young people do n't have jobs , but who would want to fight to the death in a war and for what reason ? 
  hunger games ? 
  these young people led very sheltered lives with a very high standard of living , the most desperate thing they would do is prolly riot and loot in their own country . . or emigrate . 
  there wo n't be any war in europe . 
  to me this sounds absurd . 
  i think when both countries started building up their internet market , they connected directly with the western european internet backbone . 
  having direct routing with a neighboring developing country did n't make any sense for isps to invest in . 
  this is just a guess though . 
  depends on the peering/routing . 
  here 's a speedtest with a server in [ amsterdam ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/2732265948.png ) , meanwhile with a server in [ sofia ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/2732268889.png ) things are not so hot . 
  notice how the ping to sofia ( 77ms ) is nearly double than that of amsterdam ( 41ms ) , that 's because the data goes romania -  germany/netherlands -  bulgaria . 
  european routing is funny like that and although we 're neighbors only like half of bulgaria is directly connected to us . 
  i 've started learning ` murican english from undubbed cartoon network ( then from movies and reading song lyrics in my teens ) . 
  in school , my first ( british ) english classes started in the 6th grade and it seemed very archaic and odd for a kid ~ ~ brainwashed ~ ~ exposed to american culture , however the grammar and spelling made more sense out of my english knowledge at the time . 
  dubbing anything , regardless of language , is a deadly sin in my book . 
  czechs count as central europe for me, 
  nah , i think the divide predates that . 
  western/central europe was always more developed . 
  greece poor ? 
  grumble , grumble, 
   i 'm going to school near cardiff , wales , ** which i 've been told receives cell service . 
  ** have you also been told if they have internal plumbing ? 
  a writing system ? 
  or fire ? 
  but you get the right bribe , 
   you do n't have to have a high iq to be a code monkey . 
  those are world class companies , you ca n't get by in those companies by being just a code monkey . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  such a lower iq that intel , adobe , oracle , ibm , ubisoft , ea etc. 
  came here to put us on hamster wheels to harness our magical powers to code their shit . 
  not to mention we went from dial-up to super cheap fiber in every major city in like 5 years . 
  yeah , i 'm a borderline retard for paying 9 euros for 100 mbits internet . 
  they mapped romania , russia ca n't be that bad, 
   modern farming technologies will increase productivity and provide the country with badly needed tax money on the other hand , it will also provide us with flavoreless fruits/vegetables pumped full of chemicals : < long gone are the days when foreigners will pack tomatoes in their luggage to show their people at home how tomatoes really taste like . 
  [ brothers and sisters are natural enemies . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lnvio3bwzs ), 
  i for one would love a reptilian flair . 
  pigs eat your heart out !, 
  cheat in advance !, 
  ( just in case ), 
  i was expecting more google streetview places ( nearby where you live , not exact locations ) , instead of generic photos of tourist attractions from your city . 
  yeah , make nice with the swede . 
  i 'm sure he 'll pet you on the head and befriend you as a token eastern european who saw the light of northern culture . 
  was n't that spanish or are you being pedantic ? 
  romanians in a nutshell . . a schizophrenic overlap of superiority ( compared to its neighbors ) and inferiority complex ( compared to western europeans ) also they circlejerk every subject relating romania around here . 
  romania biiig !, 
  ye , the world is harsh on english speakers :p even though i 'm sure there 's stuff equally ignorant on twitter in other languages . 
  just a wee bit over 19 million gets pretty lonely in here !, 
  i wonder if they have a seasonal policy for taking these photos . 
  a lot of romanian towns/cities get more depressing during the late autumn/winter , when the post-industrial apocalypse blues sets in . 
  look inside italy , quite a few dialects with `` portocala '' variations :p, 
  nope . . that would be liht\u0103n\u0219tain :p, 
  spanish chavs ? 
  prayer calls can be viewed like a glorified assertion of dominance . 
  will make the locals dislike you even more . 
  not a good idea . 
  god damn you liechtenstein . . i had to google the proper spelling, 
  most romanians choose not to use diacritics ( unless they write something important ) so they stick with qwerty us/uk keyboards . 
  2 layout with just 2 letters swapped ( z and y ) , seems stupid though . . 
  stuff sold without bills/invoice to elude taxes ( from bread to imported electronics ), 
  yeah , of course but that was the public perception about them at the time that has been exploited by nazi propaganda . 
  eesti is beesti !, 
  haha , i guess that 's one of the staple music genres for this type of douchebag . 
  jews were n't completely locked out of society living off begging & violent crime . 
  they were envied for their wealth acquired through business and banking . 
  also you ca n't target gypsies by saying there 's a global gypsy conspiracy and your country is in shambles because of them . 
  they have a low ( but unpleasant ) impact on society/economy at large . 
  awesome stylization ( although i do n't support the message behind it ) . 
  that guy looks like a badass !, 
  yeah , like i 'm sure telling austrians they speak a bastardized language will sit right with them . . 
  g ` day mate !, 
  ca n't believe you got upvoted for such an ignorant unprovoked anti-american comment . 
   romania has n't always gotten along well with members of former yugoslavia . 
  we only share a border with serbia ( from former yugoslav members ) , with which there was never any conflicts . 
  in the balkan context , the tensions between romania & hungary are quite mild in comparison . 
   yes , romania and it 's neighbors do n't have a history of getting along that well romania has ** zero ** tensions with any of its balkan neighbors , because of a largely clear border in the danube river and also a language barrier . 
  if you 're referring to this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_balkan_war , nobody cares . 
   your comments such as this or this . 
  i actually agree with those comments . 
  it 's kind of weird you get so defensive after you call your homecountry a `` shithole '' . 
   so not exactly white . 
  i 'm sure you justify your hate by branding us `` not exactly white '', 
  from your comment history ( which clearly has an anti-romanian agenda ) :  are you sure about that ? 
  from what i can tell romanians are quite swarthy like turks or sicilians so not exactly white . 
  ( more like : go back to stormfront and argue about who 's white or not until you 're blue in the face ), 
  italy is notoriously bad in internet quality . . at least from my online gaming experience , i always have to avoid them and the spanish in peer-to-peer games : <, 
  all hail dark green master race !, 
  he 's talking about estonia, 
  babylon a fall down , mon : < situation looks very grim for the eu project , maybe it 's time to fall back and scale down a bit its ambitions, 
  i 'm ok with autonomy , but the people leading these actions make it very hard for moderate romanians to take them seriously . 
  not the same thing . 
  cows are killed fast with minimal/swift pain . 
  test animals are basically tortured for days then discarded .
