  and people complain about german case inflections . . 
  german , english , russian . 
  not perfectly fluent in russian , but i will understand everything if it 's said in a reasonable matter , and i do n't have to prepare phrases beforehand . 
  i consider myself quite fluent in english , but i still trip over some things from time to time . 
  netherlands . 
  i 've always had a fascination for the netherlands , and i actually speak some dutch . 
  never thought to hear that from an ukrainian . 
  my bad , it was team fortress 2 . 
  i live in a small town ( ~ 17,000 ) in upper franconia . 
  i get 0,5-1 mb/s on average in my shitty 2nd floor room and about 3-7 mb/s depending on proximity to the router . 
  the absolute record has been 10 mb/s so far , when downloading tf2 on steam guess i do n't have it * that * bad . 
  i wanted to die after 2 hours of waiting with an injured leg , but 15 hours sounds absolutely horrific . 
  fellow rural german here , i can get behind your anger . 
  we 're in this together , brother . 
  :d d : :|, 
  i think any other language you know is also fine . 
  oh , right . 
  das kann ich auch :p * i can do that as well :p * * \u042f \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0442\u043e\u0436\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0433\u0443 :p * * dat kan ik ook :p *, 
  i seriously think bilingual comments should be a thing . 
  you wish . 
  yes , i have already addressed in this in my other comments . 
  sorry for any confusion or anger this might have caused . 
  yep , i was wrong about that . 
  i 'm usually not too fond of politics and it 's still kind of difficult to get a complete insight into issues like these at my young age . 
  let 's just say , the general disinterest for impeding same-sex partnerships is low . 
  my main intention was to tell something about the role of german politics and the goverment in this . 
  i think we could have same-sex marriages by now with another party as the dominating one , but i 'm rather biased regarding this topic . 
  i might have worded that wrong . 
  i did n't mean the public interest in allowing same-sex marriages , but rather tolerance for homosexual partnerships and/or marriages . 
  i should n't have accidentally portrayed these two as one and the same , and i apologize for it . 
  but it does n't change the fact that the overwhelming majority of germans ( about 80 % ) would n't mind the implemention of same-sex marriage laws . 
  the public interest in germany to legalize same sex marriages is as big as in the dark-blue countries . 
  the problem is that a conservative party has been the dominating political party for the better part of a decade , and probably will be for the next few years . 
  the party in question ( cdu ) is holding back same-sex marriages , not the general population . 
  he 's still right . 
  ca n't fight ignorance . 
  i 've tried . 
  with benefits . 
  i 'm learning dutch , and `` schattig '' often trips me up . 
  you got this , romania-bros !, 
  for germans to become an ethnic minority in their own country within a few years , tens of millions of foreigners would have to permanently settle here , which is unrealistic . 
   it is widely said who says this ? 
  / r/europe ? 
  whether i 'm anxious about our culture being overwritten ? 
  germany has had a long history of accepting immigrants . 
  turks , italians , russians , and vietnamese are the most notable groups . 
  migration has been a bigger part of german history than many people realize , and despite of this , the german culture has prevailed . 
  it is said that 1.2 million refugees are on german soil right now . 
  i 've experienced no negative impact on me , nor on anyone else in my circle of acquaintances so far . 
  i have no reason to believe my quality of life or the german culture will change anytime soon as a result of migration . 
  your concerns are appreciated , but germany is still germany . 
  i do n't see a reason for myself to think that it would change anytime soon . 
  if you only read bad news about germany all day , of course it may look like a warzone . 
  but if you live here , walk through different cities , and talk to all sorts of people , you realize that the situation is n't as bleak as it is being reported . 
  bad news like the new years eve sell very well , but you rarely read something like `` german city accepts 450 refugees ; no increase in crime reported '' or [ `` syrian man shows his gratitude to germany '' ] ( http://ta1.universaltelegra.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/11051783_10207801570941957_7419322368394701650_o.jpg ) . 
  truth is , there are all sorts of people , in every culture . 
  the media - especially foreign media - report very selectively about the whole situation . 
  so what you are saying events like this one are the rule nowadays , and not the exception ? 
  hey awesome , i was born in kalk !, 
  it is still perfectly safe to visit . 
  welcome to / r/europe , enjoy your stay . 
  do n't give a shit . 
  it 's just a piece of cloth . 
  everyone knows hijacking a plane is a real pantydropper . 
  so , so much . 
  `` we 've almost started ! '', 
  pls no, 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  i 've never been north of germany , so any of the nordic countries would be nice . 
  or alternatively , the uk . 
  you 're a pathetic excuse of a man . 
  all that while merkel is in a childless marriage . 
  is n't that what they say about danish ? 
  they can still speak french in their own country whenever they want to , it 'd just be beneficial for everyone involved if they learned the current global lingua franca as well , would n't it ? 
  one problem less for the rest of us , then . 
  adolf hitler . 
  edit : i may have misread the question . 
  nah , the netherlands is the close cousin . 
  switzerland is the weird , third brother who never leaves his room , and is constantly occupied with cleaning his guns and counting his money . 
  we 're kind of like brothers that keep talking shit but actually like/love each other . 
  my family in germany hails from russia . 
  they do consume russian media , but do n't unconditionally side with russia on every topic . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  many people propose a so-called `` europe of two speeds '' meaning that there is a `` core '' europe that integrates at a much faster rate than the rest of europe . 
  if that were the case , a federalization of european countries would have to have a name that differentiates it from the much bigger european union . 
  ** [ 4th reich intensifies ] **, 
  with relevance comes power . 
  and i 'd rather not be pushed around by current superpowers like the usa and aspiring superpowers such as china . 
  i 'd just rather have something like `` european federation '' . 
   bayern mfw i live in one of the few bavarian regions with a bad outlook . 
  if i have to see this fucking stupid rumour one more time . 
  your german is very good !, 
  i 'm glad german is one of my native tongues , it seems like such a hassle to learn . 
  can confirm . 
  had to dodge four terrorist attacks on my morning commute today . 
  this joke used to say `` german '' . 
  ah , how the times have changed . 
  why not ? 
  mine as well !,
