  ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ czech ? 
  ^ ^ til !, 
  jeeeesus man , i have n't thought about this show in years . 
  i watched it a lot during my childhood ( as my parents are from russia ) . 
  seconding greece . 
  marvelous place . 
  ehh , it 's generally unwise to throw around blanket statements like that . 
  there are many examples of safe us cities and sketchy as hell european cities , even though i agree with the statement that european cities are * generally * safer than american cities . 
  ~ ~ proper germans ~ ~ bavarians use it too !, 
  do n't we have the stereotype that belgians are pedophiles ? 
  or used to have ? 
  / r/germanrap, 
  shit guys , this one american dude says we 're inferior . 
  pack it up folks , we 've had a good run . 
  i 've never killed animals for consumption . 
  i usually eat chicken , turkey , pork , and beef . 
  sometimes lamb , veal , and duck . 
  i 've had horse a few times while travelling abroad , and tried kangaroo meat once . 
  bavarian here , i 'd also pick the netherlands . 
  i really enjoyed the guard . 
  also rude . 
  you 're quite deluded . 
  i 'm studying cs and i would love to work in the aerospace industry . 
  my university is offering a master programme which includes semesters abroad in a number of other european universities , which sounds quite enticing . 
  but i 'm still busy with my bachelor . 
  50/5 for 16 $ / mo. 
  in the first year , 30 $ in every consecutive year . 
  we have munich ... and nuremberg ... and stuttgart ... and mountains ... and ... beer ... \\  :|, 
   northern germany  good half it 's on m8 . 
  germany too !, 
  i googled it , alright . 
  i sadly do n't speak swedish . 
  in regards to ignorant americans , we stand together . 
  i pretty much speak german standard german , but slightly franconian-influenced , in regards to grammar , vocabulary , and pronunciation . 
  i 'm russian . 
  poles would n't dare go near my house . 
  in your opinion , how exactly are german-polish relations defined right now ? 
  fine . 
  what the heck is wrong with you ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  idk either man , it 's much nicer like this . 
  denmark - some right blokes , like a piece of the promised utopia that is scandinavia , but right next door . 
  i honestly ca n't say that i 've had much to do with denmark , since i live in southern germany , but i 've never heard anyone say something bad about it . 
  poland - i 've got the feeling that the negative stereotypes have somewhat shifted towards other nationalities , which indicates that poland is becoming more and more liked . 
  from what i 've heard , poland is doing very well economically , which is nice of them . 
  all the poles i 've ever met were really nice and upright people , so i think highly of poland . 
  i 'm just unsure what to think of the strong role of catholicism and pis . 
  czech republic - a very popular travel destination for bavarians and germans in general , and i can absolutely understand why . 
  i 've been to prague and ~ ~ karlsbad ~ ~ karlovy vary and had a really great time . 
  really hope that the country will continue to prosper in future . 
  austria - we think of austria as our brother , especially we bavarians . 
  not surprising , due to lots of shared history and a common language . 
  even though we do sometimes poke fun at them we hold them in high regard , although i 've got the feeling they do n't like us as much . 
  still , a very pleasant neighbour to have . 
  especially because of dat skiing paradise . 
  switzerland - our weird brother who stays in his room all day . 
  lots of germans go to switzerland for work because they pay better . 
  switzerland seems like germany but with all stereotypes amplified by a factor of ten , which is n't a bad thing . 
  just amusing . 
  one of their languages is official a variety of german , but that 's ... debatable . 
  zurich swiss is okay , walliser german may as well be from mars . 
  france - our bff and our biggest partner in the eu . 
  my most favourite neighbour , due to how important they 're to us , and due to how we 've managed to overcome our violent history . 
  most of our schools organise exchanges with france , and french is the most commonly learnt language after english . 
  without france , we 'd probably feel a heck more alone in europe , and i hope that we 'll work together even more closely in future . 
  especially in areas like military and education . 
  luxembourg - uhhh , they 're neat . 
  luxembourg does n't come into our focus too often , to be quite honest . 
  if i had anything bad to say about them , i would . 
  belgium - their chocolate is top notch and the many of their cities are just beautiful . 
  their domestic policy seems to be in a state of constant , albeit controlled chaos and their roads are shit , though . 
  the netherlands - in the top 3 of our favourite neighbours , like i said elsewhere in a similar thread . 
  their language is sometimes easy to understand and we love going there on vacation . 
  as with austria , i * think * we like the netherlands more than they do us , but i ca n't make any statement about this . 
  i 'm very happy about the fact that our militaries have started cooperating a lot , and i hope that they 'll be staying onboard the european project in future . 
  ^ ^ looking ^ ^ at ^ ^ you , ^ ^ geert, 
  awww :3, 
  we like you . 
  seems like something he 'd do , that little rascal . 
  can confirm . 
  am bavarian . 
  i certainly agree with you . 
  germany and the netherlands cooperate heavily in a lot of fields , even in the [ military ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i._german/dutch_corps ) . 
  it 's a somewhat asymmetrical relationship though . 
  germany is a very big and important neighbour to the netherlands , but to us the netherlands ist `` just '' another allied and friendly neighbour amongst many . 
  not trying to devaluate our relationship or anything , just saying that germany is generally surrounded by great countries . 
  but i would definitely put you guys on a pedestal , together with austria and france . 
  we 'd give you better roads . 
  ... n-no ? 
  i 've always wanted something like that . 
  it could remain the belgian capital if they insisted , but having an official capital for the eu would simplify many things ( like the stupid brussels-strasbourg quasi-binary-capital system we have now ) and be a closer step towards further integration . 
  france . 
  we 're culturally very close to austria but i 've got the feeling that they do n't like us as much anymore . 
  the netherlands is also very close to us in lots of aspects , but yeah . 
  france and germany are buddies for life . 
  you said yes to 76 % of the existing words . 
  you said yes to 7 % of the nonwords . 
  this gives you a corrected score of 76 % - 7 % = 69 % . 
  thought i were functionally fluent in english . 
  we can into nordic ?
