spanish people are bros. yay . 
  and here is when the word ` important ' on op 's title should be pointing out that the only answer to this thread is ... * depends * . 
  i see . 
  thanks for letting me know !, 
  understood . 
  tourist areas . 
  thanks . 
  east europe and russia are the new scandinavia !!, 
  at least in certain toristical areas !, 
  your women seem to be !, 
   things make my blood boil i expect my fellow spaniards blood boiling . 
  we are hot blooded . 
  go on . 
  do n't forge to vote . 
  hot blood is needed soon , too , 
  i always got the feeling this dude is an equivalent to czechs as abraham lincoln is to americans . 
  my mom is dutch . 
  i 'm 1.98 spanish living in spain . 
  why dutch people are so tall ? 
  i went there , i asked a few people who seemed to know their stuff around the nederlands , but no good theory came up . 
  i 've heard somewhere on reddit it had to do with some bonanza times after the second world war ? 
  so many lows lately im not even depressed . 
  he is a clown in politics, 
  it was n't saint patricks that night , at least i do n't think so . 
  i had a big argument with girl , and i really got heated up . 
  i wanted to get out of the house for a bit , to chill down . 
  i was angry , sad , frustrated . 
  we did not understand each other , we were not reaching a comfortable life , we were unhappy . 
  i wanted to get out , smoke somewhere . 
  it was a lonely night , touristical areas like where we live look very miserable in low season like a ghost town . 
  most of the bars are closed . 
  drove for like , i do n't know , an hour ? 
  no fixed direction . 
  my mind was somehere else . 
  like in the song , i saw a shimering light , a pub was open in the end of a dark plaza in an hotel zone that was mostly all gone . 
  i parked and went in . 
  the pub was mostly empty , except a bunch a people , all holding the bar , chatting . 
  i tried to sneak in , ignoring all looks , went for the empty last end of the bar . 
  an irish fat bellied waiter , who had seen better days asked me in a heavy irish accent , ` what ` areyahavin , son ' , not even looking at me . 
  i wanted a whisky . 
  not that i do that stuff , in fact , i do not enjoy as much . 
  my dad used to . 
  so did my uncle . 
  i wanted to feel like them that night , strong , confident , traveled . 
  not crushed by a failing relationship . 
  i wanted to drink and pretend i was tough . 
  what whiskey do you recommend for someone that does not know anything about irish whiskey ? 
  any good ? 
  that caught some views for sure . 
  the bartender smiled , confident , he knew his drinks . 
  he was happy to recommend one . 
  might have been a bushmills special brand , or jamesons black whatever . 
  do n't remember , did not care really . 
  looked at shiny rocks , sat there . 
  tumbled my glass a bit . 
  looked sad . 
  the rest of the bar was in chatter , loudly than any other spanish people would be , and that is by itself already impressive . 
  loud irish thick accents , like an old cult movie . 
  i do n't want to talk , i want to be alone , with my whiskey and my own sadness . 
  not that i do that often , but tonight i feel like it , you know , the broken dreams boulevard show ? 
  unexpected questions , too loud to ignore , land suddently out of nowhere ? 
  - hey lad , is that an irish whiskey ? 
  you not mixing it , so it has to be good enough , uh ? 
  you like whiskey ? 
  my family used to have some barrels back at home . - i ` ts a cheerful man , red cheeks , rounded belly , must be in his forties . 
  he 's not directly facing me , just casually landing the comment , as talking to strangers that look sad is as common as saying hi to the milkman . 
  you ca n't ignore that without being too rude , right ? 
  it 's a harmless comment . 
  enough to trigger my curiousty on top of being polite . 
  - so wha ` ts it like ? 
  having all whiskey you want in your own home ? 
  - i ask , still looking at my rocks . 
  they melt . 
  - ah its not too bad . 
  it might had something to do with that - points at his belly and strikes a big smile - and shouts the waiter - jimmy !, 
  what have you give to the lad ? 
  - ah , fuck off , what you care , you gon na keep on stealing everyone 's drinks again ? 
  - jimmy shows him the finger while operating the till . 
  some laughter arises from the small crowd . 
  you look sad man . 
  what is it ? 
  work ? 
  women ? 
  - goes my new friend . 
  i nod at women , smiling , looking somewhat affirmative . 
  good ` ol' jenny is an expert on this cases . 
  - turns away before i can stop him . 
  - jenny - shouts all bar - com ` ava here , this big lad is having trouble with gals !, 
  is that so ? 
  at this point i think half the bar is aware . 
  she 's a small chubby reddish woman , short hair , loud explosive laughter , no manners , could have been a taxi or a truck driver , but cheerful like his friend . 
  in fact , is n't everyone here in a great mood but me ? 
  jenny talked to me , introduced the rest of the bar , almost , starting at jimmy . 
  who wold later leave the bar with an acoustic guitar in hand . 
  i danced over tables , push and was pushed by people , try to translate really bad jokes from spanish to english , made stupid questions , played stupid bar challenges , got invited way to may rounds or all sorts of stuff . 
  i made it home many hours after . 
  i do n't remember exactly how i came back , but from that moment on , irish people taught me a bar is not for being sad . 
  people might be more important than you think , and when you see an stranger in grief , reach out , cause you can talk to strangers without being awkward . 
  it takes practice , but that 's all . 
  for all that , irish people have a place in my heart .
