   no , republika srpska was proclaimed in 1992 and then solidified through war crimes - how can you possibly deny this ? 
  the people have been there for ages , but the name is the same , so i guess it 's literally the same thing . 
  like hitler 's germany is today 's germany . 
  muh genocide but the other genocide does n't matter . 
  oh yes , the vienna literary agreement never happened . 
  what a genius you are . 
   it did n't , actually . 
  when questioned the unhcr and military experts judged that the shell , with the angle it landed at , could only have been fired from a vrs position . 
  oki  controversy over the event started when an initial unprofor report claimed that the shell was fired from bosnian government positions . 
  general michael rose , the british head of unprofor , revealed in his memoirs that three days after the blast he told general jovan divjak , the deputy commander of arbih forces , that the shell had been fired from bosnian positions . 
  a later and more in-depth unprofor report noted a calculation error in the original findings . 
  with the error corrected , the united nations concluded that it was impossible to determine which side had fired the shell . 
   over 7000 bodies have been recovered to date , his claim is now invalid and everyone knew that from the second it left his mouth . 
  there were n't 7000 bodies at the time . 
   and serbia `` liberating '' albanians deserves a big lol . 
  more like occupied it . 
  had kosovo before being occupied , got cleansed and genocided by albanians during ottoman rule , reclaims it in 1912 , `` occupation '' . 
  go to sleep kid . 
   they were independent because they had a constitution that called them an independent state ? 
  they were an autonomous principality until 1878 when its independence was recognized ? 
  treaty of berlin does n't mean shit for serbs who lived there and were fully autonomous . 
  where 's the treaty for the mongol empire ? 
  idiot, 
   in 1993 , investigative reporter and pulitzer prize -- winning journalist roy gutman accused mackenzie of having two trips to washington d.c. , one to speak in front of the heritage foundation and the other to appear as an expert witness for the house of representatives armed services committee , funded by serbnet , a serbian-american lobbyist group . 
  in a telephone interview with gutman , mackenzie responded , `` it would n't surprise me if there was some serbian involvement considering who initiated the contract ; however i would be very disappointed if that were the case . '', 
  the day after the interview , an article appeared in newsday suggesting that mackenzie was on the serbian payroll . 
  when mackenzie confirmed the source of the funds was indeed serbnet , he donated the entire fee to the canadian federation of aids research ( canfar ) . 
  however , un officials ultimately criticised his `` lack of judgment '' in the matter . 
  that 's one hell of a way to spin the truth . 
   the old ` general ' mackenzie who also claims that bosniaks killed their own people in the markale massacre unhcr reported that they were fired from bosniak positions at first and later reported that they were fired from serb positions . 
  this really is n't an uncommon sentiment , and i 'd appreciate if you could actually quote him , with date and exactly what he said , because i ca n't even respond to you in this way . 
   and that srebrenica was a hoax . 
  again , that 's one hell of a way to twist his words . 
   he has since written and lectured on his experiences in the former yugoslavia . 
  he has questioned the numbers killed in the srebrenica massacre , an event that came after his period of service in the area . 
  he has challenged the findings of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) and most notably , in 2005 , contested the conclusions and reasoning of the appeal chamber 's 2004 judgment in the krsti\u0107 case that the crime of genocide was perpetrated at srebrenica in july 1995 :  what happened next is only debatable in scale . 
  the bosnian muslim men and older boys were singled out and the elderly , women and children were moved out ... if you 're committing genocide , you do n't let the women go since they are key to perpetuating the very group you are trying to eliminate . 
  many of the men and boys were executed and buried in mass graves . 
  ...  evidence given at the hague war crimes tribunal casts serious doubt on the figure of `` up to '' 8,000 bosnian muslims massacred . 
  that figure includes `` up to '' 5,000 who have been classified as missing . 
  more than 2,000 bodies have been recovered in and around srebrenica , and they include victims of the three years of intense fighting in the area . 
  the math just does n't support the scale of 8,000 killed . 
  he has also disputed that srebrenica ever was a un safe area , and argued that the demilitarization requirements imposed on both the serb side ( surrounding srebrenica ) and the bosniak side ( inside the enclave ) were never fulfilled :  it did n't take long for the bosnian muslims to realize that the un was in no position to live up to its promise to `` protect '' srebrenica . 
  with some help from outsiders , they began to infiltrate thousands of fighters and weapons into the safe haven . 
  as the bosnian muslim fighters became better equipped and trained , they started to venture outside srebrenica , burning serb villages and killing their occupants before quickly withdrawing to the security provided by the un 's safe haven . 
  these attacks reached a crescendo in 1994 and carried on into early 1995 after the canadian infantry company that had been there for a year was replaced by a larger dutch contingent . 
  as for the last paragraph , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kravica_attack_ ( 1993 ), 
   from ` our ' side ? 
  lol . 
  yeah , the bosniaks killed them all with their bare teeth , amirite ? 
  yes , just like serbs apparently did . 
  nevermind the fact that 30 ' 000 bosniaks were civilians and you had a war with croatia too . 
   because you do n't gain self-determination by breaching the geneva convention and trying to kill anyone who does n't belong to your ethnic group . 
  that 's still not what happened , it was the dayton agreement that created republika srpska . 
   who ? 
  and iirc , the agreement was n't ratified by the parliaments . 
  you do n't need to have anyone ratify anything to speak the language . 
  serbo-croatian was the majority language and here is where they conjoined . 
   who ? 
  its on wikipedia, 
   albanians who participated in the greco-turkish war ( 1897 ) used weapons not turned in to the authorities against the serbs in old serbia . 
   the situation became serious , with serbs being smuggled arms by serbia to defend themselves . 
   albanians massacred serbs in the kola\u0161in area . 
   the atrocities prompted the russian government to intervene at the porte . 
   in may 1901 , albanians set sjenica , novi pazar and pristina on fire . 
   russia demanded that the albanians and turkish gendarmeries be punished and the serbs be allowed to keep the arms for protection . 
   austria-hungary , who supported the albanians , tried to downplay the massacre . 
  these all come from stavro sk\u00ebndi , princeton university press . 
  he was very much albanian . 
   instead you can read about 25000 albanians being wiped out during the first balkan war with some credible sources would you be so nice to tell me how exactly serbs went from 98 % of the kosovo population to under 50 % by 1912 ? 
  ah yes , peacefully , of course . 
   i agree that that is really bad but it 's not like there are n't more churches and monasteries . 
  the orthodox faith has n't been wiped out . 
  that 's one hell of an argument . 
  9/11 did n't destroy america , huh . 
   it sucks and it 's bad and wrong but history is not erased . 
  in the end , serbs do n't live in kosovo and did n't live in kosovo for a long time . 
  ( obviously excluding the enclaves ) serbs did live in kosovo for a very long time but were pushed out , killed amass . 
  [ demographic history of kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_kosovo ) [ massacres in kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo ) and people talk about serbs being the bad guys ... it 's crazy . 
   honestly , if someone burned down the cn tower or even if the parliament burned down ( again ) , it would n't affect my life and it would n't make canada any less canada . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  now try having a massive part of your land taken away and then the people there receiving the same shitty treatment they have for the last several 100s of years . 
  what battles are you even talking about ? 
  [ speaking of wiping out civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo ) 2 . 
  what `` every '' battle ? 
  remember where serbia was in ww1 , ww2 and where albania was ? 
  his land was bestowed upon him by god mate . 
   estonians have never endangered russians living here ah , the [ innocent albanians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo ) when the ottomans occupied kosovo , it was almost 100 % serb . 
  today it is 10 % serb . 
  who endangered who , again ? 
   it does n't lack any logic . 
  yugoslavia went down the drain because serbs wanted a greater serbia and rule the others as untermensch-slavs please explain your statements here . 
  it went down because of an economic crisis and many other reasons . 
  the us was going to cut aid if they did n't split up , which they ended up doing . 
  it 's valid for you because you were the most loyal to the ottomans with over 50 grand viziers . 
  their authority turned a blind eye when you did shit like the [ 1901 massacres of serbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1901_massacres_of_serbs ), 
   republika srpska is not a state  why do you always bring up the world wars to justify your war crimes ? 
  what do the world wars have to do with 21st century balkan geopolitics ? 
  30 ' 000 dead bosniaks matter but the 1.5 million + serbs dead in ww1 and ww2 from your side do n't matter ? 
  the real question is why you 're talking about dead civilians 20 years when we 're talking about rights for self-determination .
