  my point was that serbia did n't have a pro-fascist government which was democratically elected . 
  yup hes overly dramatic lol, 
  try being more specific next time . 
   i put the source in the other reply it 's about on the half of the page , and yes he was actually replaced by the duke ( knez ? 
  not sure how that title is translated maybe it 's count ? ), 
  pavle kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107 , for the reason being he refused to deal with the `` croatian issue '' ( hrvatsko pitanje ) in which he was supposed to deal with : the unification of the croatian districts ( banovine ) and calming down a growing ustasa movement , and also stop the police brutality policy towards non-serbians that was lead since the begining of yugoslavia that 's a pretty one-sided way to view it . 
  no wonder considering the source you 're using . 
  `` in late 1938 he was re-elected , albeit with a smaller margin than expected , failed in pacifying the croats , raised a military-like legion of his own followers ( ` green shirts ' ) , and did not formulate any clear political programme , providing the regent paul with a welcomed pretext upon which to replace stojadinovi\u0107 , on 5 february 1939 , with dragi\u0161a cvetkovi\u0107 . '', 
   after he was replaced by dragi\u0161a cvetkovi\u0107 , the croatian issue was deal with by signing the cvetkovi\u0107-ma\u010dek agreement ( 26.8.1939 ) , in which the croatian districts were unified and yugoslavia became a bit more federalised . 
  banovina hrvatska ( the before mention district ) unfortinately never lived since the ww2 started and the goverment never could officially sign the document , nevertheless banovina still continued to operate up untill the fall of yugoslavia and the puppeting of ndh exactly . 
  what makes him `` the serbian hitler '' again ? 
  i was just responding to your comments lol , you clearly said ' 41 - '43 in your comment . 
   what part of the before ww2 did you not get ? 
  you know 1918 to 1939 , especially the part were their prime minister signed trade deals with the third reich and italy , and was improving relations with them , also he formed his own militia ( http://www.enciklopedija.hr/natuknica.aspx?id=58206 the source ) yugoslavia did n't have bad relations with germany nor italy at the time , many other countries did n't either . 
  stojadinovic was not pro-axis as he wanted yugoslavia to be neutral . 
  what militia ? 
  your source says nothing about it and wikipedia says he raised a `` military-like legion of his followers '' . 
  what 's weird here ? 
   about the switching sides : my grandfather was killed by a certain cetnik , and after a few months when my grandmothers village was liberated by partisans , and they were going to issue smth like trust bonds idk basically they pillaged `` for the greater good '' not sure what its called , my grandma opposed and fought back , she fougth back for a particular reason : the reason was one of the commanders who was in charge of the pillaging was the same man who killed my grandpa and he just switched sides . 
  anecdotes . 
  no point in going into this . 
   also do n't get me wrong i am not denying that there were serbians in the partisan movement , but they definetly were n't a majority since each ethnicity was under 50 % can you provide a source that says otherwise ? 
  from my research i 've found that serbs were a majority of the partisans , at least until the fall of italy . 
   your first point is actually correct the cetniks did lose funding in 43 just as i said , but that does n't change the fact that i used a time period ( 41 - 43 ) whilst you just ignored that and continued to do your thing no idea what you mean . 
  when ? 
  the yugoslav government reported numbers far higher than what is generally accepted today . 
  what report ( s ) are you referring to ? 
  stojadinovic was the pm for 4 years before he was replaced and recommended a neutral stance . 
  i have n't read any of this you 're talking about . 
  cherry picking ? 
  they were not part of the war , genius . 
  do you count the execution of nazis post-ww2 as a part of ww2 death toll ? 
  this occurred after the belgrade offensive , which forced a retreat of german troops and effectively ended the war . 
  well let 's start with this :  41-43 the majority of serbians were backing the \u010detnik pokret which was the royalist resistance , but seeing how the allies supported the partisans more chetniks lost funding in late 1943 . 
  serbs were a majority from the start until late 1943 when italy fell and others started joining in bigger numbers . 
   even their prime minister at the time was pro fascist and was even called `` the serbian hitler '' and also made his own militia like ss ' 41 - '43 was a nazi-appointed minister following the occupation . 
   they switched sides and joined the partisans . 
  you 'd have a real hard time changing since they were effectively at war with each other . 
  serbs made up the majority of partisans until 1944 ~ . 
  the war had effectively ended at that point . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_of_national_salvation  the government of national salvation ( serbian : \u0412\u043b\u0430\u0434\u0430 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434\u043d\u043e\u0433 \u0441\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0430 , vlada narodnog spasa ; german : regierung der nationalen rettung ) , also referred to as the nedi\u0107 regime , was the second serbian puppet government , after the commissioner government , established on the territory of the ( german ) military commander in serbia during world war ii . 
  it was appointed by the german military commander in serbia and operated from 29 august 1941 to october 1944 . 
  the gns enjoyed some support . 
  the prime minister throughout was general milan nedi\u0107 . 
  the government of national salvation was evacuated from belgrade to kitzb\u00fchel , austria in the first week of october 1944 before the german withdrawal from serbia was complete . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp#jasenovac_memorial_site_after_1990 author of the source is helen walasek . 
   helen walasek was an associate of the bosnian institute , london , and deputy director of bosnia-herzegovina heritage rescue ( bhhr ) for which she worked 1994 -- 1998 . 
  she made many working visits to bosnia during and after the 1992-1995 war and was an expert consultant for the council of europe reporting on museums in bosnia-herzegovina in 1995 and 1996 , as well as advising the swedish ngo cultural heritage without borders ( chwb ) . 
  bhhr was the official representative of the national museum of bosnia-herzegovina ( zemaljski muzej ) outside bosnia during the war and much of her work was with this institution . 
   among the projects she worked on was an investigation in 1997 supported by the uk ngo war child into how graveyards had been affected by landmines during the 1991-1995 conflict in croatia , their postwar use by local people and the families of those buried there , and how they were prioritized in demining programmes ( if at all ) . 
   in 2000 and 2001 she carried out two field trips ( with the archaeologist richard carlton ) making the first extensive assessment of destroyed historic monuments across bosnia-herzegovina for which there was still little accurate information at the time . 
  she has a diploma in museum studies from university of leicester and has lectured widely on heritage in conflict . 
   when franjo tu\u0111man was elected for croatia 's president that year , revisionist views on the concentration camp 's history came into prominence . 
  the memorial 's status was demoted to that of a nature park , and its funding was cut . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
   dude you will teach me about my history , pls educate yourself and please do n't be so ignorant . 
  the international court of justice clearly stated that the refugees were a direct cause of the operations . 
  i have nothing to discuss here . 
   z4 was discussed also days before operation storm . 
  people had a way out . 
  they choose not to sign it and they left source ? 
  and how does this make ethnic cleansing morally right ? 
   because their government scared them croatians will come and genocide them . 
  same type of propaganda today the icj says otherwise . 
  everyone else says otherwise . 
   here is documentary by croatian national television 20 years after the operation storm that shows step by step how things went down . 
  i 've already studied the history extensively . 
  can you point out where i 'm wrong ? 
  you have n't provided a source for your claim about the z-4 plan nor have you presented any other argument . 
  maybe . 
  how do you explain him allowing the jasenovac memorial site to be degraded to a nature park and have its funding cut ? 
  he must have loved serbs . 
  i read it exactly as it is . 
  he literally says that luckily for him , she was neither a jew nor a serb . 
  where 's the complicated part ? 
  serbs made up the majority of the partisans regardless . 
  chetniks were the biggest resistance force , because they were organized in their own country . 
  they fought the nazis mainly and were supported by the allies until early 1944 . 
  also , you do n't seem to be aware of the fact that serbia 's ( yugoslavia 's government ) was anti-nazi but it was occupied and the leadership was replaced and appointed by germans . 
   ie the cetnik movement was slowly dying ; partly becouse they were ruling the country before and were ruling with an iron fist they were not ruling the country before , the leadership was appointed by nazi-germany following the occupation . 
  a `` kokarda '' is just a metal type thing you wear that shows you belong to an organization or an army etc. 
  you 'd have to be more specific . 
  if you 're referring to [ this ] ( http://www.malasrpskaprodavnica.com/user/include/etno/images/items/sajkaca_crna_kokarda.jpg ) you 'd have to elaborate on how it 's offensive . 
  it 's the serbian eagle with the cccc ... 
  the white square coat of arms is considered offensive by some because it was used by the ndh . 
  the white square version has n't been used since the fall of ndh . 
  27 ' 000-34 ' 000 troops , yet 250 ' 000 refugees . 
  my historical knowledge probably trumps yours , which is why you ca n't even point out where you think i 'm wrong . 
  thanks . 
  you might want to remove `` accepted '' in that context tho lol, 
  i know way more about it than you do , probably . 
  the z-4 plan was proposed six months before operation storm . 
  hundreds of thousands of civilians did n't refuse anything , you 're talking about vrs leadership and milosevic . 
  the icj ruled in 2015 that the refugees were directly caused by the croatian offensive . 
   in 2015 , the court ruled that it was not genocidal , though it affirmed that the serb population fled as a direct result of the offensive and that serious crimes against civilians had been committed by croatian forces . 
  it happened because of the operation . 
  probably because most civilians had no interest in throwing rocks at airplanes bombing their houses . 
  when were you last attacked by swedish radicals ? 
  i 'm saying some serbs in the krajina wanted to secede and join serbia . 
  27 ' 000-34 ' 000 out of 100s of thousands means it 's full of serb soldiers ?
