   no , i believe you are , you are claiming a dude is a serb because his grandmother married a bosnian dude . 
  you 're telling me the guy is not part serb despite his grandmother being serbian ... lol . 
   yes , he also had bosnian and croatian direct ancestry through his parents , what of it ? 
  i 'm not denying that , am i ? 
   he declared himself so after he became king of bosnia , croatia etc. 
  and after he conquered areas of western serbia . 
  if a king of hungary was the king of croatia , that does not mean that he was croat . 
  but he was a serb , ancestor of the nemanjic dynasty . 
   yes , associate to a dynasty , not an ethnicity . 
  a serbian dynasty , comprised of serbs . 
   someone who is a serb , or at least can be declared as such through historiography . 
  you really are in denial lol . 
   yes exactly , he claimed the title of the king of serbs through his dynastic ancestry , not through the fact that he was a serbian ruler ... what ? 
  he had serbian ancestry , was king of serbia and even adopted the name stefan to associate himself with the nemanjic dynasty . 
  what defines a serbian ruler ? 
  [ tfw u make a wrong turn and end up in the wrong neighborhood ] ( http://i.imgur.com/citj2vj.png ), 
  what ? 
   a dynasty founded by a bosnian noble and his croatian wife suddenly serbian , much wow . 
  [ tvrtko 's grandmother was a serb of the nemanjic dynasty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elizabeth_of_serbia ) and thus tvtrko claimed to be the heir of the nemanjic dynasty , by then extinct . 
   because even at 20 you can feel strongly about freedom and quality of life . 
  which socialism is against . 
  lol, 
  precisely , but if you knew mindalero and his posts , you 'd know he does not look at it that way , which is why i emphasize it . 
  this is extremely ironic coming from a croat , really . 
   actually he is correct . 
  serbia helped the ottomans attack hungary `` serbia '' was conquered at the time and the vassal state of the serbian despotate assisted the ottomans , just as they helped the hungarians during the war . 
  serbia was not `` allied '' with the ottomans , serbia had lost to them and been conquered . 
  the serbian despotate fought for whomever had control of it after the time . 
   in 1471 matthias renewed the serbian despotate in south hungary under vuk grgurevi\u0107 for the protection of the borders against the ottomans . 
  and speaking of albanians : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ottoman_grand_viziers, 
  source ? 
  lol, 
  mate , it 's those geniuses with the black book of communism sources , where every single death is because of communism . 
  if you 'd apply the same criteria to capitalism you 'd get even worse numbers . 
   how much of sweden is hospitable ? 
  sounds like its another canada . 
  lots of land that you cant do shit with . 
  nope . 
  sweden is definitely a lot better than canada . 
  no , it 's not , and for anyone wondering this guy is a croat who loves hating on serbs and does so in every thread about them . 
  people care because he spreads bullshit all the fucking time . 
  slavs , but yes . 
  who 's emulating who ? 
  lol your arguments are the most retarded thing i 've ever seen . 
  america 's population since ww2 has increased by 200 % ~ while sweden 's has increased by 80 % ~ . 
  sweden are n't going to take in 200 million people but rather something that fits the size of the countries . 
  to take in as many as america did , while looking at the population , would be to take in 20 million . 
  also , it 's kind of hilarious that with your shit argument about population density came an example of germany 's population density . 
  kind of interesting you chose germany when we 're talking about sweden . 
  is it because sweden has a lower population density than america at 57/sq mile ? 
  not really . 
  [ singapore is in grave condition , they need some help from you ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/sg/us ), 
  vojvodina is definitely serbian , lol . 
  wow , one should never underestimate the americans to come up with retarded arguments . 
  singapore has a population density of 20 ' 000/sq mile . 
  what 's your point ? 
  germany is going to suffocate because of lack of space ? 
  the fucking retardation is out of this world . 
  typical american response , fucking deluded . 
  the size of muh country dis irrelevant, 
  nazis were responsible for the attempted genocide of jews and romani in serbia , not serbs . 
   serbian civilians were involved in saving thousands of yugoslavian jews during this period . 
  miriam steiner-aviezer , a researcher into yugoslavian jewry and a member of yad vashem 's righteous gentiles committee states : `` the serbs saved many jews . 
  contrary to their present image in the world , the serbs are a friendly , loyal people who will not abandon their neighbors . '', 
  currently , yad vashem recognizes 135 serbians as righteous among nations , the highest of any balkan country . 
  he 's one of those morons who spread bs all the time . 
  america 's population has increased by about 200 million in 70 years and is doing relatively fine . 
  europe will be okay . 
  you do n't see the irony of you retards sitting and ranting about how sweden is overrun by immigrants yet at the same time too `` homogeneous '' ? 
  you are fucking rabid . 
  except op did n't make this shit , but rather it comes from https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/ are you really this triggered ? 
   attacked by a hand grenade . 
  and i thought we had enough problems with rabid ayyrabs , now we 're getting targeted by hand grenades as well, 
  iranian refugees by the 10s of thousands in the 80s , same with yugoslavs in the 90s . 
  americans ... 
  how fucking retarded can americans get ? 
   6m against a 325m total population somehow the us number is too high , yet the swedish number is about 100 years outdated ... damn . 
  so when did we elect trump ? 
  it 's an amazing country . 
   another example is pizxa : 20 $ for a pizza family-sized or medium ? 
  i pay about 16-18 euros for a family-sized pizza in sweden . 
  how you know youre not a swede ^, 
  from personal experience , they do n't usually put the salad , but some savages do . 
  [ it 's a survey , but still gives some perspective ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income#gallup_gross_median_household_income ), 
   i simply told you what was the case . 
  sources vary you know  by the last ottoman census in 1881 , christians were 76 % of the population , and muslims ( usually called `` turks '' regardless of language , culture , and ancestry ) only 24 % , but muslims were over 60 % in the three large towns on the north coast and monofatsi . 
  christians were 93 % of the population in 1923 of the districts of crete . 
  the remaining muslims were transferred to turkey in the population exchange by religion between greece and turkey . 
  but this is how it is , they converted and most later converted back . 
  has little to do with migration , if anything . 
   morea payed obligations , they did n't fought for them . 
  what part of `` 1,500 serbian cavalry that the serbian lord \u0110ura\u0111 brankovi\u0107 was forced to supply as part of his obligation to the ottoman sultan '' did you not understand ? 
  they did not willingly fight for them . 
  i see you in thread bullshitting about a serb-ottoman alliance which did n't fucking exist . 
   do you know how easy it is for me to send you a source that proves that crete was settled by turks ? 
  there was mass conversions , just like in any part of the ottoman empire . 
  stop crying . 
   serbs also helped the ottomans take other peoples lands some serbs probably did , yes . 
  hungary for example was no different than the ottomans , they attacked the ottomans to take territory from them , they could n't care less about serbs . 
  the serbian despotate vassal state had to pay obligations to the ottomans , much like the despotate of morea and thus had to fight for them , much like the despotate of morea :  the ottomans had a much larger force .
