  you can see the majority-serb population on the tail of kosovo , alongside the left side of mt. 
  kopaonik on that picture . 
  tl ; dr : kosovo is not shown as a majority , because you have no idea where kosovo is on that map . 
  are you seriously going to tell me these borders are even similar to today 's ? 
  holy shit , you 're arguing this but you do n't even know what albania 's fucking borders look like . 
  here 's a fucking wake up call for you : http://imgur.com/a/e5iqm the map is missing like 2 massive regions http://www.freeworldmaps.net/europe/albania/albania-small.jpg, 
   yeah , no they did n't . 
  they were the majority way , way before that . 
  and that argument does n't make any sense anyway . 
  ah , the good old `` muh illyria '' gtfo , albanians first appeared in documents 1000 years after the illyrians disappeared . 
   serbs were a tiny minority in vojvodina before they conquered it and annexed it . 
  then gradually they populated vojvodina and now there 's a serb majority there . 
  should they give it back to hungary the oh god , typical albanian who has spent his whole life listening to albanian propaganda . 
   when hungarians arrived to central europe ( in 896 ) , this region was populated exclusively by slavs . 
  if you were to take two seconds to check the actual figures , you 'd know slavs were there before hungarians even came in the 9th century and the earliest , reliable records , conducted by the ottomans in the 16th century , showed an absolute serb majority . 
  hungarians have never been a majority in vojvodina . 
  i ca n't do anything but shake my head at how uneducated yet stubborn someone can be . 
   this was from 1898 shows a clear albanian majority in kosovo ( it 's from your own link ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:albania-ethnique1898.jpg if you had ever looked at a map , you 'd know most of that is northern ( modern day ) albania . 
  as you clearly ca n't tell , albania 's borders are much farther south in that picture than today . 
  today it shares a huge border with montenegro , while in that picture it 's far from it . 
  most of the grey is modern day albania and some modern day macedonia and some of it kosovo . 
  you can see nis ( nich ) in the top right and prilep ( prilip ) east of albania . 
  that is a southern part of macedonia today . 
  you really fit the stereotype . 
  yeah , they might overtaken the us in this sense . 
  would n't surprise me at all with ukraine/fake news outrage . 
  it 's not too old if you want to know what people thought in 2013 . 
   it 's the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world . 
  they train , arm and fund most terror groups on the planet from al qaeda and the pli to the japanese red army . 
   their stability does n't really matter when they assassinate prime ministers , blow up embassies and are just shitheads in general . 
  thought you were talking about the us for a moment there except for the red army part, 
  this . 
  lol . 
   yemen has been in the news like a million times . 
  cnn literally has a segment called `` the forgotten war '' . 
  please stop your `` evil media '' conspiracy bullshit . 
  people in europe care less about yemen because it 's less relevant for them . 
  just like a ton of other conflicts that get even less attention . 
  i must say the war in yemen , at least from my perspective , is never mentioned . 
  i found out a while ago and it shocked me i had n't heard anything about it . 
  i 've never heard anyone mention it irl , despite hearing a lot about syria , iraq etc. 
   their proxies killed at least 1100 us troops in iraq does that make them terrorists ? 
   i knew a lot of this already but most does not affect my opinion because one key difference is i do not recognise stuff that happened hundreds of years ago . 
  people still talk about how terrible it was when people settled america and how natives were getting massacred etc , despite it being hundreds of years ago . 
  yes , it continued until recently , but in kosovo it 's still happening . 
   a whole lot of crazy stuff has happened in europe in the last 700 years and it would n't make any sense to put it back to how it was then . 
  the people of today have very little to do with the people of 700 years ago . 
  the world , including culture , has changed a lot since then . 
  obviously , what happened 700 years ago is one thing , but it 's another thing when the same thing has persisted for those 700 years until the day of today . 
   i still think my main question has not been answered . 
  what do we do now ? 
  if someone burned down or stole your entire home in every day life , it 'd be considered a crime and it 'd be dealt with . 
  you 'd receive settlement money or get it back if it 's not destroyed ... these rules do n't apply there . 
  that 's the whole thing , serbs would return if they could . 
  even those who live there , many of them live in bunkers donated by russia etc. , trust me if they would get settlement money or just get their houses back , like anyone in any european country would nowadays , a lot of them would return . 
   that guy in the video whose relative had their house occupied , what should they do ? 
  it seemed everyone in that neighbourhood hated serbs , so even if he got his house back , he 'd like in a neighbourhood of people who hate him . 
  meh , not really . 
  they just seemed really embarrassed and it 's a bad argument as well . 
  it 's like the `` you get raped because you wear inappropriate clothes , wear other clothes , '' where the innocent rather than the offending party being dealt with . 
   it 's a little bit like israel/palestine . 
  there 's another complicated situation . 
  but there are millions of palestinians just sitting in refugee camps for decades ... for what ? 
  israel is n't going to up and leave and give them their land back . 
  not going to happen . 
  so should they sit in those camps until the end of time ? 
  well , firstly , israel and kosovo are still actively occupying , colonizing the land . 
  all but the enclaves in kosovo are dead pretty much and palestine is still shrinking . 
  israel ignores un warnings , they 're literally breaking international law , but they do n't care . 
  i never said either albanians or israelis should up and leave , i 'm saying a serb or palestinian should n't have to constantly fear persecution and be on the run , they should have equal rights . 
  as for the borders , if they could carve up the countries before , they can do it now again . 
   i do n't see a solution here that helps the serbs who got kicked out , other than kicking out the albanians . 
  serbs stopped being a majority there a while ago , even if it was because of conquerors , but that ship has sailed . 
  serbs are n't given the possibility to return or remain . 
  they are being killed and are having all their possessions stolen and no one is being held responsible for it . 
  making sure they are safe there is step 1 , there is no reason whatsoever for any expulsions . 
  you keep talking about the expulsion like it 's something that happened a looong time ago and nothing can be done about it ... yet between 1999 and 2004 200 ' 000 ~ serbs and romani had to flee from kosovo to serbia . 
  you saw the demographic data i posted before , serbs are being systematically removed , just like their heritage ( which is why kosovo was declined unesco membership last year ) . 
   to make it worse , like you said , there was a bad government in 1999 and sometimes when a country makes mistakes , the innocent people of that country end up paying the price . 
  my german grandfather can never go back to his city of birth because it 's owned by russia now . 
  would it be right to eject all those russians and make kaliningrad k\u00f6nigsberg again ? 
  i mean , my great great grandparents were shot in their home . 
  another relative was raped . 
  all of them lost every possession they ever had . 
  none of them fought for the nazis . 
  germans have let the place go . 
  they could go there if they wanted , hostilities have ended a long time ago and if germans wanted to , they could totally move back . 
  they would have the exact same rights as the russians there and they would n't have to fear persecution every moment of their lives . 
  not to mention it 's a whole country away . 
  serbia also lost land in ww2 . 
  macedonia used to be part of serbia , today it is indepedent . 
  you will never have anyone talk about reclaiming macedonia , kosovo is a completely different thing . 
   i agree the situation is complicated and that neither side is innocent but i do n't see a good solution where everybody is happy . 
  at some point , you just have to move on and rebuild . 
  i simply feel this is the right thing to do . 
  people are just hypocritical when it comes to kosovo . 
  if serbia controlled 80 % of heroin in europe and was literally lead by former terrorists and was only held back by kfor , from getting rid of the rest of the minorities , instead of kosovo , people would react very differently . 
  keep dreaming, 
   it 's not a `` scare '' though is it ?
