ye , some parts were off but i kinda liked it lol, 
  it was posted somewhere above, 
  shitposters and trolls because they have an opinion ? 
  okay, 
  no , this is my only account . 
  doing good with your quasi-history , i see . 
   chetniks and ustase committed an equal amount of crimes . 
  lolz holy shit xd nevermind the fact that the ustashe literally ruled croatia , bosnia and northern serbia . 
  i remember the 1800s as if it were yesterday, 
  idk i just got on when u posted it, 
  ignores formatting ? 
  meaning they are indigenous , not moved . 
  i usually think of italian when i hear eu pt , but i see . 
   and speak slavic . 
  is this a meme or am i missing something, 
  ethnic swedes make up 3/4th of stockholm 's population . 
  i mean ... it 's faster for you to travel to north america like you do now rather than travel all the way to alaska to get a boat from there to north america . 
  earth is spherical :(, 
  not sure how that serbia and herzegovina makes me feel . 
  slavs moved to * europe * 1500 years ago ? 
  except that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  slavs are mixed . 
  ingvar kamprad is worth like 1/5th of your gdp lulz, 
  not sure if this is a joke , but my comment implies that the finger scenario should not be taken any lighter than the other scenario . 
  i do n't think most of us have any problem with it . 
  i really do n't care if its ones finger or penis that is inside of another unwilling person . 
  i think it does need to be stressed that it is how we go about measuring it though , for others to understand . 
  how do u say `` salt '' in hungarian ? 
   why specify bulgarian ? 
  they are n't less slav than other south slavs . 
  because most people who know anything about balkans will be familiar with the history of the bulgarians , how they are descended from the turkic tribe of bulgars who were later absorbed by slavs . 
  specifying bulgarians because it is an easy example . 
  that 's a way to become a slav . 
  by that logic , bulgarians are not slavs ... 
  blamira\u0161 se . 
  slav is derived from slovo , which meant word , while slavonic and slavic are synonymous . 
  what 's your point ? 
  [ slavic and slavonic are literally synonymous ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/slavonic ) slav is also not derived from slava ... at least do * some * googling . 
  yugoslavia as a country did not exist at the time and thus the name was still up in the air . 
  you really think yugo-slavonia , with the addition of the `` on '' really is not another iteration of `` yugoslavia '' but rather referring to something else ? 
  lol, 
  serbian empire completely or partially spanned 7 ( or 8 ) modern day countries , so i 'd say it sounds somewhat like an empire . 
  you 're also missing big parts of the bulgarian empire which are overlapping with the serbian empire . 
  serbian empire existed from 1346 until its dissolution in 1371 , but sure honey . 
  as for the bulgarian empires , they lasted quite long . 
  you could like ... google it . 
  this is a post about the empires at their peaks . 
  quite obviously just a different way to say yugoslavia . 
  you 'd be surprised by how people on here love generalizing people by their nationality/ethnicity , and the worst part is the upvotes it gets . 
  it 's not even only the typical russia , turkey , serbia , england etc but rather just about any country . 
  recently witnessed that with the poland nazi collaboration thread and now right here . 
  surely , if that were the single cause , countries like saudi , iran , yemen and other hardliner countries would be a lot more hated . 
  it has to do with proximity and recent history . 
  well , it was automatically generated as op said . 
  he is n't listing anyone . 
   tito is croatian , not slovenian tito was both . 
  also , can you go into detail on just how this data was collected ? 
  i 'm still confused . 
  why is n't tesla on both croatia and serbia ? 
  why is karadzic on montenegro and bosnia but not serbia ? 
  etc, 
  is n't it listed by popularity though ? 
  meaning he could be under both , no ? 
  like karadzic is under montenegro and bosnia . 
  macedonia 's flag ? 
  source ? 
  sounds way too high . 
  probably counts 2nd generation immigrants and children of one immigrant parent . 
   the whole ` polish death camps ' is a european phenomenon i learned about this only on the internet . 
  i remember being told in school that all ( or most ? ), 
  extermination camps were in poland , but when i heard auschwitz etc. 
  were in poland it still shocked me . 
  i never associated them with poland . 
  cringey ass kid , jesus christ, 
  it is, 
  [ nordeus for serbia ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordeus ) they found none there ? 
   before they got their independence , they served in the ottoman army etc. 
  that 's called being conquered by the ottomans , like many other countries were . 
  the janissaries were comprised of abducted and indoctrinated children . 
  how about you do some reading before spreading bullshit ? 
  he 's full of shit . 
  janissaries were comprised of abducted children . 
  it 's not worth it , i 've tried arguing with people here before . 
  apparently my entire family is on the verge of getting raped and killed . 
  you 'll just have to accept that the sub is full of teens and young adults who think they have a clue about what they 're talking about . 
   thompson is a extra far right winger , but never talks about ndh live or in his songs . 
  sings about death camps . 
  that 's ndh for ya . 
   president mesic was a `` left wing '' president but he had a past during the war were he acted/was a nationalist/ustasa and talked about ndh or jasenova but it was public , the video of him leaked 2 months ago and he is in no way relevant to our politics or media . 
  yes , you had a president from 2000 to 2010 who called jasenovac a work camp and called the ndh a victory for croats . 
  apparently that 's not important . 
  imagine if that were germany and nazi-germany instead ... 
  i wonder if germans would react the same way . 
   so basically , everything you just said was bullshit . 
  if you say so mister . 
  i was referring more to when hundreds of thousands of serbs died . 
  now look at the '61 and '71 censuses . 
  it 's obviously inaccurate . 
   yet again , i never said they were a majority .
