  we could also collect data on what eye color the perpetrators have as well , you fund all the new additions . 
  the moment ethnic crime data is reintroduced is the day sweden becomes great again . 
  good luck with brexit . 
  does n't look that bad either lol, 
  no im a syrian refugee who arrived tomorrow, 
  i meant autonomy . 
  serbia was independent for 9 years following the first serbian uprising in 1904 , reoccupied in 1913 . 
  then the second serbian uprising granted serbia autonomy once again and by 1835 they had their own constitution that called serbia a parliamentary principality . 
  the treaty of berlin was signed in 1878 , but the last ottoman soldier left serbia in 1868 and the process had already begun when serbia and the ottomans signed an agreement to end the second serbian uprising in 1917 . 
  serbia was independent , whether you like it or not . 
  what are you trying to prove with the serbo-turkish war anyway ? 
  it was not a war of independence lol it was in support of bosnian revolt . 
   milo\u0161 obrenovi\u0107 received the title of prince of serbia . 
  although the principality paid a yearly tax to the porte and had a garrison of turkish troops in belgrade until 1867 , it was , in most other matters , an independent state . 
  under the grandson of milo\u0161 's brother , milan , serbia gained formal independence in 1878 under the treaty of berlin . 
  i 'm taking racial crime data presented by the fbi as an example , how does that data help them in combating crime ? 
  yes , you need a group for it to be a resistance movement , not singular individuals who participate in foreign revolutions . 
  by 1830 serbia was already fully independent , and albanians were still ottoman pawns . 
  why ? 
  [ austrian empire ] ( http://prntscr.com/e9klti ), 
  when you do n't know what hyperbole is or that rinkeby is a bit bigger than just the town square where the film crew was yes, 
   it says albanians participated in revolutionary events i very much included it in my comment , i just wanted to highlight the part where it clearly says they killed them to prevent albanian resistance movements . 
  if they target potential resistance , there obviously ca n't be very big resistance , or they 'd deal with them instead . 
  but sure , keep ignoring what 's right in front of you . 
   therefore , something has changed in sweden . 
  there were reports in 1996 and 2005 . 
  just proves my point perfectly . 
  the data did n't do shit to help the state , it rather just created strife and therefore stopped being collected . 
   except that it did mention an existing resistance movement ( fighting on the side of greeks for their independence ) , and helping others do the same . 
  lol it says albanians participated in revolutionary events , but not that there were any albanian resistance movements at the time ( as they were the most loyal to the ottomans ) . 
  here 's the exact part since you are willfully ignorant :  * this massacre occurred in order to prevent albanian resistance movements *, 
   you might wonder , why do n't they collect it ? 
  because it does n't mean shit for the people who work with this , because those numbers wo n't make their work any easier or help them in any way , it will just be used by the far right to instigate . 
  what does the racial crime data collected by the fbi prove or do to assist the institutions ? 
  nothing , it just creates social dogma and results in racial profiling among other discrimination . 
   i mean how long it will take for mena nationals to form same part of population of sweden , like in current latvia where population is  30 % of foreign origin . 
  depends . 
  most people will integrate and later assimilate . 
  you realize all countries that exist today in europe did not just appear out of thin air , but were the homes for many peoples who at some point got assimilated , right ? 
  some wo n't , of course , but i 've never seen any complaints about the 600 ' 000 finns in northern sweden , the largest minority group in sweden . 
  people love to point their fingers at others , but an immigrant swede should receive the same punishment as ethnic swedes , as they 're supposed to become a part of this society rather than be pushed away . 
  blacks commit more violent crime than whites in america , but would you advocate different legal processes for the two ? 
  obviously not . 
   i mean how long it will take for mena nationals to form same part of population of sweden , like in current latvia where population is  30 % of foreign origin . 
  no idea , i feel like it wo n't happen any time soon . 
   the only major difference is that there are n't that much differences between latvians and russians on basic cultural , mentality level . 
  as there certainly are between ethnic swedes and mena immigrants . 
  it will be a riot . 
  or they conform , as very many have and will continue doing . 
   so you officially want to increase police presence in pressured areas ? 
  what happens when riots take place ? 
  you bring in the riot police to minimize damage . 
  you counter with equal force . 
  naturally areas that are much more crime-ridden than any average swedish neighborhood will receive more police presence and the safer ones wo n't require as much . 
  it 's just a natural response . 
  bury my head in the sand ? 
  i do n't see the need for ethnic data , crime is something you work on regardless of what the ethnicity of the criminal is . 
  the data does n't mean shit to the swedish state or the workers , it 's just there for breitbart , fox readers like yourself to instigate . 
  cute site too , basically breitbart # 2  sweden does not allow discussions of what they deem to be controversial issues . 
  that 's typical of the left , inappropriately called ` liberals ' . 
   name calling . 
  making up alternative facts to spread disinformation . 
  no , it 's one where the definition of the word , as in , the government has lost control and literally ca n't enforce law is not a fitting description for the area . 
  the fact of the matter is that those areas are more exposed than others , economically and criminally , and the solution according to police reports , is to ** increase police presence and mend ties with the population , increase co-operation ** rather than stop enforcing law . 
   what `` personal '' ? 
  lol , so basically swedish policemen decide on their own whether they want to patrol certain areas . 
  so no wonder why they do n't go there because of their own security . 
  i never said they choose where they go , just that people have their own opinions which does not make an area a no-go zone . 
   but if policemen under `` personal '' reasons do n't want to go there , how is law enforced ? 
  again , reading comprehension . 
   i mean ethnic , clanish mafia like structures running area under all sorts of criminal forms . 
  like being white swedish makes you target there for harassment or mugging . 
  i 've never been harassed or mugged for being white , nor have i ever encountered any of these outlandish law substitutions , but thanks for your concern . 
   i actually live in area which was most crime ridden in riga . 
  i have experienced how it has changed over 15 years , here the situation also was n't simple - different ethnic crime patterns , police corruption etc. 
  sometimes i wonder how swedes can be so incredibly naive . 
  honestly , i too , wonder . 
  i look forward to the day when our society is as evolved as the latvian society . 
  the world looks up to you . 
  no-go zones have a definition and those definitions are not met in the areas 50-odd areas , thus they are not no-go zones , no matter how badly you want to call them that . 
  [ this is what they call the areas and if decide to introduce words more fitting , you let them know ] ( http://prntscr.com/e9iz7q ), 
   no-go zones only cease to exist if you happen to not call them no-go zones . 
  it 's not a no-go zone if it does not fit the definition of the word , which no area in sweden does . 
  if you can name on that does fit the definition , let me know . 
  anecdotal . 
  swedish national council for crime prevention ( br\u00c5 ) does not collect that kind of data and thus there is no basis for such a statement . 
  you ca n't make an actual objective conclusion about it . 
  it 's called working there and knowing what the situation looks like , instead of basing their world view on fox and breitbart . 
   and the police did n't come because they did n't want to enter certain areas , that just never happened all of a sudden ? 
  police are there all the time , you just made that up . 
  it 's undisclosed why the police were not present at the time . 
   it 's obviously not as bad as detractors are going to portray the situation , but looking away and pretending that everything is ok and thinking that that attitude makes you superior to others is n't really helpful either . 
  pretending ? 
  if anyone were pretending , the police would n't release the report ( s ) that started the initial `` no-go zone '' rumor . 
  people care , and they know exactly how much to care , because they work there . 
  your average breitbart reader does not . 
  i have visited that exact place , that exact square , and i can tell you no one punched me . 
  i survived for more than 60 minutes there , can you believe it ? 
  beside that , how the fuck does that prove anything . 
  if i can get myself punched in dublin , does that make dublin a no-go zone ?
