  once again , your arguments work both ways ...  it 's a myth is it now ? 
  `` for in christ jesus the law of the spirit of life has set you free from the law of sin and death . '', 
  `` the days are coming , declares the lord , when i will make a new covenant ... '' `` by calling this covenant `` new , '' he has made the first one obsolete ; and what is obsolete and outdated will soon disappear . '', 
  as i 've said several times , those religious scriptures are incredibly inconsistent . 
  debating fiction could go on forever . 
   i repeat : so you agree that christianity is different from islam ? 
  different religions , to a very high degree , similar . 
   is exactly what i said about you in the beginning : you 're just going on and on making zero sense whatsoever . 
  losing brain cells `` arguing '' here . 
  why are you avoiding the statement ? 
  what part did sweden play in those wars and coups ? 
  how many governments did sweden overthrow ? 
  how many wars did sweden wage ? 
  did sweden kill millions of innocent people ? 
  do people thank their soldiers for their service in iraq and vietnam when they did nothing but massacre innocent people ? 
  americans - `` everyone in the world is brainwashed but * us * , they hate us for our * freedom * '' . 
  democrat as republican , same shit . 
  do n't expect any answers , ty . 
   did they try to impose religion or not ? 
  did breivik try to impose his political views on people or not ? 
  once again , completely irrelevant . 
   they do deviate from british law . 
  i wont research if they break any british laws since it is irrelevant . 
  they do however deviate . 
  no , they do n't . 
  of course you wo n't research it lol . 
   if you look at any survey of trust in government , you 'll find sweden ranked way above the us . 
  once again , it 's easy to dislike your president when he is a reality tv star with no merits . 
  it just so happens that sweden does not have one of those . 
  americans are also the only ones stupid enough to romanticize skepticism of their government . 
  `` i need my gun for when my guvahment goes rogue '' . 
  i guess invading iraq , vietnam and like 50 other countries since ww2 under false pretenses or without consensus is not rogue enough . 
  you want so badly to think you 're in charge , but you 're far from it . 
  see :  1966  united states  lyndon b. johnson abolishes involuntary servitude . 
  you could go on all day , but thinking you lived in a modern democracy since europe was in feudal times is a perfect example of dumb fucking brainwashing . 
  once again , jim crow , 1965 . 
  do you define that as modern democracy ? 
   yes , like i said , the people i 'm referring to are n't right-wing . 
  i mean the highest-voted reply to my op on this thread was another swede who disagrees with you . 
  luckily , statistics speak volumes , someone who gets upvoted on reddit does not . 
  you live in a dream land . 
   everyone in the world does n't matter when we 're talking about cultural clash between scandinavia and islam :d i happen to be from sweden and you happen to be from denmark , but this is a bigger topic and it 's an international forum ... so yeah . 
   clearly you do n't . 
  or you would 've known the parts you were qouting are not part of the new testamente . 
  i never said i was quoting the new testament , but the new testament builds on the old testament and the old testament documents god 's punishment against sin etc. 
  this `` old testament is n't relevant '' myth is the biggest myth ever . 
   so you agree that christianity is different from islam ? 
  or what are you trying to prove by nit picking a billion other stupid shit from the bible ? 
  i started nit picking as a response to your nit picking . 
  you clearly have a problem with islam but not christianity which is hypocritical in and of itself . 
  if that is n't reactionary i do n't know what is . 
   so you agree that christianity is different from islam ? 
  or what are you trying to prove by nit picking a billion other stupid shit from the bible ? 
  once again , they are not consistent . 
  you tell me not to nit pick but you force me to and you do it yourself . 
   you can call it small and ridicule it . 
  they 're imposing their religion onto others . 
  agree ? 
  they yelled and cursed at worst and they faced jail sentences ... this is so incredibly irrelevant and i still do n't think you actually read that before linking . 
   ok , so you agree that they exist . 
  good . 
  uhm , clearly they do , but they 're not deviating from british law , so they are n't actually sharia courts as it would require that ... once again , completely irrelevant . 
  [ you posted a comment calling me an idiot and saying massachusetts outlawed slavery before sweden , then edited the idiot part out , then deleted your comment ... 
  impressive . 
  awesome :p, 
   i 'm not right-wing and the people i 'm referring to are n't right-wing . 
  you 'll have a happier life if you make a habit of refraining from unnecessary assumptions . 
  u/mrcnsrrvltng i was referring to those swedes who are keeping you up-to-date with swedish policy and education xd as i said , birds of a feather flock together . 
   no - most westerners are n't even allowed to vote for their heads of government . 
  in most western countries , it 's just whoever the party bosses decide it is . 
  the head of government typically the `` party boss '' ... must be confusing when you 're like the only developed country with a two-party system . 
   and also because they do n't vote for individuals - they just vote for parties , and are assigned representatives from lists made up by those same party bosses , representatives whose views all line up with what the bosses want , unlike our primitive system , where donald trump can become president even though the leaders of his own party hate him , because the voters - not the bosses - decide . 
  i think you forgot the part where the head of state , once again , is the head of the party and does the vast majority of party duties , i.e debates and the like . 
   this is 2017 . 
  look it up . 
  or just go over to r/politics . 
  lol , dude , americans elected him , whose fault is it ? 
   if you can say `` literally everyone knows , '' you have no business accusing any other society of brainwashing . 
  we are the longest-lived constitutional republic in existence yes i know , san marino etc. , do n't be pedantic and have been practicing modern democracy since most other westerners were in the feudal era . 
  it 's really some kind of brainwashing if `` everyone knows '' we do n't understand basic civics . 
  you just prove my point over and over again lol . 
  modern democracy while most westerners were in the feudal era ? 
  jim crow , 1965 . 
   they do impose it on others ( both muslims & non-muslims ) despite being a minority . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols you ca n't be serious lol ... did you even read that shit ? 
  some small group of muslim men made videos where they told people they ca n't do shit like drink and it went on for some time , they were then arrested and some of them faced jail . 
  facepalm . 
  by this logic breivik is proof that wyt pyplz are going to genocide everyone different in nazi fashion ... ridiculous . 
   religious freedom is not about each religion being able to have their own parallel society . 
  it 's about each individual having the right to believe in what he wants . 
  the moment you talk about sharia , it 's not about the individual , but the group . 
  in denmark that is certainly not allowed . 
  i ca n't imagine that not being the case elsewhere . 
  it 's called an opinion , not a good one , but it is one . 
  just because i wish i had a different pm does not mean i am planning a coup . 
   can you explain ? 
  i have no idea how that is an answer to what i wrote . 
  it 's an answer because they ca n't just do whatever they want because of their numbers , international laws and human rights exist for that exact reason . 
  it can not happen . 
   i 'm not talking about executions .
