  generalizing and having 0 actual insight on the situation . 
  you think croats never denied the existence of serbs ? 
  at least read what i linked you in my first comment : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-serb_sentiment, 
   i think you 're misunderstanding a lot of the text and need to re-read it . 
  you were de-nationalized as an atheist because religious affiliation was how you determined whether someone was a croat , serb or muslim . 
  i understand 100 % of what he 's saying , but how can the census say that 65,4 % of serbs were religious in that case ? 
  what were the remaining 34,6 % of serbs ? 
  * atheists * . 
  at no point were they `` de-nationalized '' . 
   about albania he 's saying their nationality is not tied to their religion but rather their language . 
  he 's implying religion does not have a big impact on albanians and tries to put it like albanians `` put religious differences behind them '' and even abandoned religion in droves by choice , when really , it was caused by authority in albania cracking down on religion * violently * . 
  he just claimed you were `` de-nationalized '' if you were an atheist , which clearly was n't true . 
  how does that not contradict what he said ? 
  he claims nationalism = church in serbia , but for albanians religion played little to no role , yet albanians during the time of yugoslavia for example , albanians were way more religious . 
  how does that not contradict what he said ? 
  he 's claiming albanians are secular by choice and just language connected them , yet you have two paragraphs at the end detailing to what lengths the albanian government went to crack down on religion , from legal means to straight up killing . 
  how does that not contradict what he said ? 
  there has been * many * times the serbian government acknowledged the incident , [ here 's an example ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/serbia/10017552/serbian-president-in-historic-srebrenica-massacre-apology.html ) of serbia 's president in 2013 * personally * apologizing in a tv interview . 
  please do go on rambling about your love of generalization with all that ignorance on the subject . 
  are you supposed to submit to imperialism then ? 
  i guess you must hate indians and irish people for gaining independence from the british empire / s gavrilo princip did not start ww1 , austro-hungary gave serbia an ultimatum which was basically to surrender its sovereignty or face consequences . 
  austro-hungary wanted war and that 's what they got . 
  any historian will tell you that . 
  as for `` serbian ideology '' , what is that ? 
  pretty interesting to narrow down `` serbian ideology '' to something related to the yugoslav wars which was an 8-year period while serbia has existed for over a thousand years . 
  now for the `` ideology of their neighbours '' , you can start off by reading about the 1,2 million serbs who died in ww1 or the 300 to 500 thousand serbs who died in ww2 and the countless serbs forced to leave their homes . 
  serbs have lived there for hundreds of years . 
  only 50 % of bosnia 's population is bosniak ( aka muslim ) . 
  by that logic , why do 1 million serbs have to be part of bosnia & herzegovina despite 1,2 million serbs dying in ww1 and 300 to 500 thousand serbs dying in ww2 while this country was on the losing side of these wars ? 
  let me guess , you did a google search on yugoslav wars and now you 're a historian ? 
  in ww1 , serbia lost 1 ' 200 ' 000 , equaling 29 % of its total population and 60 % of its male population , the worst percentual losses of any country participating in the war . 
  in ww2 , an estimated 300 ' 000 to 500 ' 000 serbs died , while many others were ethnically cleansed and forcibly converted to catholicism ( according to yad vashem , the biggest holocaust memorial/organization in the world , those numbers are 500 ' 000 and 200 ' 000 respectively ) . 
  i could go on all day , but you 'll have to do some googling yourself . 
  for anyone interested , [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-serb_sentiment ) you can read about anti-serb sentiment . 
  read my response to his comments . 
  please do read my response . 
  i do n't know what your sources are for this crap , but here is a 1964 yugoslav survey :  after the rise of communism , a survey taken in 1964 showed that just over 70 % of the total population of yugoslavia considered themselves to be religious believers . 
  the places of highest religious concentration were that of kosovo with 91 % and bosnia and herzegovina with 83.8 % . 
  the places of lowest religious concentration were slovenia 65.4 % , serbia with 63.7 % and croatia with 63.6 % . 
  you were not `` de-nationalized '' for being an atheist * and * albanians were way more religious than serbs were ... as for albanians being secular , that probably has to do with the following :  albanian communists viewed religion as a societal threat that undermined the cohesiveness of the nation . 
  within this context , religions like islam were denounced as foreign and clergy such as muslim muftis were criticised as being socially backward with the propensity to become agents of other states and undermine albanian interests . 
  the communist regime through policy destroyed the muslim way of life and islamic culture within albania . 
   inspired by pashko vasa 's late 19th century poem for the need to overcome religious differences through albanian unity , hoxha took the stanza `` the faith of the albanians is albanianism '' and implemented it literally as state policy . 
  in 1967 therefore the communist regime declared albania the only non-religious country in the world , banning all forms of religious practice in public . 
  the muslim sunni and bektashi clergy alongside their catholic and orthodox counterparts suffered severe persecution and to prevent a decentralisation of authority in albania , many of their leaders were killed . 
  jumu'ah or communal friday prayers in a mosque that involves a sermon afterwards were banned in albania due to their revolutionary associations that posed a threat to the communist regime . 
  people who still preformed religious practices did so in secret , while others found out were persecuted and personal possession of religious literature such as the quran forbidden . 
  amongst bektashi adherents transmission of knowledge became limited to within few family circles that mainly resided in the countryside . 
  mosques became a target for albanian communists who saw their continued existence as exerting an ideological presence in the minds of people . 
  through the demise of mosques and religion in general within albania , the regime sought to alter and sever the social basis of religion that lay with traditional religious structures amongst the people and replace it with communism . 
  islamic buildings were hence appropriated by the communist state who often turned into them into gathering places , sports halls , warehouses , barns , restaurants , cultural centres and cinemas in an attempt to erase those links between religious buildings and people . 
  in 1967 within the space of seven months the communist regime destroyed 2,169 religious buildings and other monuments . 
  of those were some 530 tekes , turbes and dergah saint shrines that belonged mainly to the bektashi order . 
  while 740 mosques were destroyed , some of which were prominent and architecturally important like the kubelie mosque in kavaj\u00eb , the clock mosque in peqin and the two domed mosques in elbasan dating from the 17th century . 
  of the roughly 1,127 islamic buildings existing in albania prior to the communists coming to power , only 50 mosques remained thereafter with most being in a state of disrepair . 
   serbia had this additional problem where their nation is identified in terms of their church . 
  the church came first , then created the nation . 
  you can still see that today . 
  the level of religious fanaticism in serbia is scary to most other balkan nations nowadays . 
  this is also why i was comparing the atrocities to isis as they had similar circumstances ( nation state created out of centralized religious order ) . 
  the church came first . . ? 
  serbs adopted christianity a few hundred years after proclaiming their state in the balkans . 
  you 're vastly overplaying the role of religion . 
  serbia , just like any country , has had fluctuating levels of religiosity :  after the rise of communism , a survey taken in 1964 showed that just over 70 % of the total population of yugoslavia considered themselves to be religious believers . 
  the places of highest religious concentration were that of kosovo with 91 % and bosnia and herzegovina with 83.8 % . 
  the places of lowest religious concentration were slovenia 65.4 % , serbia with 63.7 % and croatia with 63.6 % . 
  albanians in yugoslavia were way more religious than serbs . 
  poll from 2009 :  in a 2009 gallup poll , 44 % of respondents in serbia answered ` no ' to the question `` is religion an important part of your daily life ? '', 
  now look at what serbia 's neighbors have done toward serbia since * around 1850 * ... what an argument . 
  i ca n't confirm what / u/schaafwond is claiming , but the experiment was n't about pleasing a leader , but observing what an everyday human is capable of when given full control over their subordinates . 
   muslims in kosovo bosnian war tho, 
  outlawing religion does that . 
  lmao, 
  i would rather fight the good fight , even if it meant jeopardizing one 's own safety . 
  sweden was n't completely complacent , there was tons of underground activity and let 's not forget people like raoul wallenberg yadda yadda , but i think fighting and risking experiencing casualties is still better than trying to stay outside it . 
  it was clear that ww2 would completely change the way europe would develop , it was too big of a battle to try to stay out of ... but hindsight is 20/20 . 
  source on the paragraph ? 
  wow , he actually died filming that ? 
  noticed . 
  lol whatever , bye . 
  keep reading bs and believing it without second thought . 
   it does n't have to break british law to deviate . 
  it can be different but within . 
  lol yes as we know laws are incredibly flexible ... some sound reasoning  it proves that atleast some muslims want to impose their religion onto others . 
  congrats , we 've concluded that there are muslims and nationalist extremists like breivik who want to impose their world view on others . 
  now what ? 
  was it worth complicating with 200 comments ? 
  dope, 
   why is it called sharia courts instead of british courts then ? 
   sound logic . 
  please google `` muslim arbitration tribunal '' . 
  it was passed in 2007 and allows sharia courts to those willing to be judged in this manner and it can not break british law ... just please , for once . 
   i assume that your answer is that yes , they did try to impose their religion but that it is irrelevant . 
  yes , they both did in essence the same thing , but what does this prove ? 
  moral of the story : breivik does n't represent all white people , three or four muslims do n't represent all muslims . 
   there is a difference between god being evil and christians being evil . 
  i do n't mind that the christian god is evil . 
  he is not real . 
  christians are real though . 
  `` i do n't mind the muslim god being evil , he 's not real muslims are '' .
