  republika srpska has no historical right to exist outside bih . 
  how the fuck would kosovo have more of a historical prerogative than rs ? 
  rs definitely has historical prerogative in just about every way . 
  serbs have been inhabiting the area for fucking ages . 
   also we know the history of how the bosniaks are treated by the croats and the serbs . 
  do we ? 
  what happened in ww1 and ww2 ? 
  he is definitely classed as a terrorist ... 
  except , you know , he is both . 
  theyre mixed , probably no albanians tho, 
  cute . 
  no , completely serious statement . 
  why do n't you prove me wrong ? 
  starting what exactly ? 
  he said he sees croats as the most reasonable and i said i think bosnia takes that position instead ... it 's easy to get triggered by something when you try really hard . 
  and what do i ever `` start '' that is not relevant ? 
  i never post comments in / r/europe on ex-yugo , unless it 's a response to someone else 's comment ... 
  serbia is expecting a 3-4 % gdp growth and investments are skyrocketing in serbia , together with a steadily growing economy . 
  it 's not economical but rather societal . 
  people are tired of living on the outskirts of the european community . 
   the total ( loans and handouts ) given to western europe under the marshall plan was over 12 billion usd , which would be about 120 billion 2015 usd . 
  i do n't know enough to quantify whether that was a lot or a little money for the us economy at that time . 
  consider though that they were paying this money after a considerably costly war effort , for a war they won , partially to the nations they beat in the war . 
  over the next 10 years , america will be handing out $ 38 billion to israel as military aid ... just to give a bit of perspective . 
  +1 propaganda is a wonderful thing, 
  lol, 
  i 'd say bosnians are far better than croats in this manner and i 'm an `` insider . '', 
  bosnians are the most sensible of the four in my opinion . 
  using correct terminology makes one unfriendly ... check . 
  i would love context on this one , i 'm kind of lost . 
  it looks so interesting though . 
  no , no one saw him as croatian american . 
  he was a serb-american and that 's what everyone knew him as lol . 
  by your logic , they 'd see him as an austrian-american ... which no one did . 
  no , his nationality was american , as that 's where he lived most of his life . 
  triggered, 
  what logic exactly ? 
  there 's people that do believe it no matter the ratio . 
  you can thank people like ljubica stefan who fabricate stories like the one above . 
  serbs have a problem with what ? 
  it was part of the austrian empire at the time , whether you want it or not . 
   you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  just do yourself a favor and at least google `` the origins of the vlachs '' . 
  it 's widely known that they descent from people who were linguistically latinized by the romans that 's so far from true it 's hilarious . 
  `` vlachs is a historical term used for eastern romance-speaking peoples in the balkans and eastern europe ; it is also an exonym used to refer to several modern peoples from the population in present-day romania and moldova , the southern balkan peninsula and south and west of the danube '' it 's not an identity akin to `` serb , '' it 's an umbrella term and their origin ( s ) are debatable . 
   so people who are a healthy part of your society and speak your language as their first language are not assimilated ? 
  no , that 's what you call integration . 
  assimilation would be the immigrants who went to america and have lived there for centuries , do n't speak a spit of the language of the country they came from nor celebrate any of their holidays . 
  assimilating means to take on a new identity from the surrounding while integration means you still differentiate , basically what you just described . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_integration https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_assimilation, 
   nevertheless , he felt connected to croatia . 
  in this letter he says : `` i 'm proud of my serbian heritage and my croatian motherland . 
  long live all the yugoslavs . '', 
  that one is legitimate i think . 
  they had been there since roman times and way before , they were latinized by the romans that 's why their language belongs in the romance group nobody knows the origin of vlachs , but please , do enlighten us some more . 
   i 'm pretty sure they are fully integrated into the serbian society and i 'm also pretty sure that they speak serbian perfectly . 
  therefore they 're assimilated jesus christ , that 's not what assimilation means . 
  integration = / = assimilation . 
  we do n't need it , but people will post it anyway . 
  do you want me to just watch people spread total propaganda and not say anything ? 
  what is your point ? 
   there 's no reason to deny any non-serb descent of tesla whatsoever . 
  so historians work in vain ? 
  history does not matter anymore ? 
   tesla was n't the only serb who was of vlahic descent . 
  remember , before the slavic invasions , serbia was mainly inhabited by latin speaking people called vlahs . 
  these people were assimilated . 
  well first of all , there is nothing that proves any vlach descent with nikola tesla . 
  secondly , [ the vlachs were first identified in the 11th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlachs ) and lastly , there 's a lot of vlachs left who were not assimilated , about 35 ' 000 in serbia today . 
   i literally just sent you a source about his vlahic descent , i did n't say ` romanian ' ah , a `` source '' , a post on a blog from 2013 with no historical backing ... but hey , it 's on the internet . 
  you only like sources that fit your opinion . 
  get a grip that fit my opinion ? 
  i think you wanted to say `` that fit with the conclusions contemporary historians have come to . '', 
  the fact that you take this as a reliable source really speaks volumes . 
  you mean one guy was spreading propaganda that is historically inaccurate and someone corrected him , thus `` 100 serbs got triggered '' gotcha  what was ? 
  can you say it ? 
   the boomerang-shaped country between bosnia and slovenia , 
  of course i could do some googling and read off some obscure page which has probably had like 10 views since when it was posted 2013 . 
  go to wikipedia , ctrl + f and look for draganhici , draganic , teslae etc , and there is nothing about it there . 
  as for `` tesla '' , it 's a serbian word for [ this ] ( http://zk-sokolac-zagreb.hr/userfiles/zbirka/02.%20alati/tesla.jpg ) tool and it 's theorized the name was used in the same way as the last names smith , carpenter etc. 
  there is nothing that proves any romanian descent and this source does not mean anything . 
   true , he was of vlahic ancestry . 
  are any of you going to provide any sources ? 
   his father name was milutin teslea . 
  formerly , the family of the father was called draghici which is romanian name . 
  source ? 
   same with the mother who was called gica mandici another romanian name . 
  his mother was called djuka mandic . 
   nobody acknowledges that but whatever since he probably felt himself to be serb , was culturally serb , etc. 
  i 'm sure people would love to acknowledge this if you provided proper sources . 
  until then , i 'll follow actual historians who say he 's a serb . 
  no , he was not of romanian descent . 
  you can actually google his family history to see what it actually is like . 
  it matters because one statement is correct and the other incorrect . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i just found it amusing you said `` serbian nationalists '' call him a serb ... the real question is , who does not ? 
  how is he anything but a serb ? 
  nice, 
  in what manner ? 
  what he pasted is just propaganda .
