  http://www.islamic-sharia.org/ that one is in london . 
  can you imagine ? 
  religious court overruling uk law because of some ancient text :d except they are regulated by the uk and serve a religious purpose for people who want to live under sharia law . 
  it 's optional , they ca n't judge someone who disagrees and their laws only apply if they are legal under uk law ... so it 's literally nothing but a normal court with a different name for religious use . 
   we can agree to disagree on the censorpart . 
  that was not my point anyway . 
  the point was that it 's not a prejudice assumption about nationalism when we can already see the trend happening today . 
  yes , we can . 
  luckily it affects the easily influenced and the rest remain focused on real problems . 
  those rightists got a lot of attention at first but their growth died out quickly . 
   i can agree . 
  huge civil unrest was an exaggeration . 
  some civil unrest across europe is however slightly scary imo . 
   isis did n't exist 20 years ago so no and i did n't . 
  precisely . 
   i ( and many others ) did predict an uptick in extremism 20 years ago due to islam , and it happend & is happening . 
  sure you did . 
   first of all , the bible does not date back 2000 years . 
  second of all , christianity has changed massively throughout those years . 
  the primary reason being that the bible got translated to common language & literacy went up so everyone could understand it . 
  first part , it depends on the iteration . 
  as it was written by jesus ' scholars , that 's when most of the `` important '' stuff was written , i.e the new testament . 
  second part , yes ... everyone knows that , but the gist of it remains the same . 
   those dominant passages in the bible are first of all not relevant because people in scandinavia are mostly atheists not everyone in the world is though . 
   and secondly they are part of the pact god made with the jewish people , not with all mankind . 
  i 'm suprised that people are not taught about christianity in school today but jesus/god made a new pact with us called the new testamente . 
  the new testamente is christianity . 
  uhm ... you do learn about religion in school ...  there is a difference between religion being a lie , and a religion encouring you to lie . 
  it 's all a lie in itself , to pretend like lying in the name of x religion does n't exist is naive . 
  i could nit pick a billion other stupid shit from the bible . 
   christianity has some support for local laws ie : `` follow the law of the land '' , whereas islam has sharia law . 
  islam is a religion , culture and political idealogy . 
  do you even know where the sharia law comes from ? 
  you obviously do n't . 
  read up . 
   `` imposing it upon others '' do you know what sharia is ? 
  yes . 
  i just said they do not impose it on others despite being a minority . 
   `` they wish sharia law was a thing , but it 's not . '', 
  do you know what democracy means ? 
  they can vote their laws in . 
  in germany 36 % of newborns are not ethnic germans . 
  in true reactionary fashion , you fail to use common sense . 
  do you know what international law and human rights are ? 
   not to mention , there are sharia courts in the uk actively used by muslims instead of uk courts . 
  there are sharia police patrols in germany . 
  there are fewer muslims in scandinavia but we 're seeing the same trend as france with trouble areas . 
  no , just no . 
  more bullshit right-wing propaganda . 
  sharia courts ? 
  show me where all the public executions and `` sharia prisons '' are . 
  this reads like a breitbart article . 
   i 'm not concerned with most people . 
  i 'm interested in the islamic population and you should be too . 
  i am interested in all populations !, 
   if things do n't change for the better , i would n't call it a prejudice assumption within the next 20 years . 
  far right leaders all over europe have seen an insane rise in popularity despite most traditional media censoring it . 
  yes , censoring election results , a classic media move / s  there is a huge civil unrest across the ethnic population of europe , and propaganda videos are being pumped out daily . 
  this is 4 years ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeut3cpns9s the sentiment is appealing to emotions such as love for your heritage and nation . 
  this is now 2017 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezmlrbxnrp8 the sentiment is scary , while atleast not appealing to hate or anger yet , it is almost calling for arms . . 
  there is some unrest , by populist politicians and reactionary citizens . 
  it 's way over exaggerated . 
   you mean everyone where you 're from thinks the same thing ? 
  are you trying to validate my point ? 
  literally everyone knows it 's true , and you 're the one proving my point . 
  the fact that you 're even trying to argue it is hilarious . 
   anyway , you 're misinformed . 
  our media right now is demanding our president 's impeachment . 
  polls consistently show that americans are more skeptical of our government and institutions than almost any other westerners . 
  not only did you not provide any sources , but you also forgot to mention that most westerners do n't elect climate change-denying reality tv stars with no merits whatsoever . 
   well it 's you against them . 
  people without an agenda and evidence on their side versus right-wing reactionaries . 
  tough choice . 
   this comment would seem to support my point . 
  uh nah it doesnt , everyone knows americans are extremely brainwashed . 
   and from what i hear from other swedes , it 's wrong : almost your entire media is state propaganda . 
  as for history education , i 'm told by swedes that most of what your schools teach you about ww2 in asia is how immoral the atomic bombs were . 
  is that true ? 
  no and no . 
  birds of a feather flock together . 
   i do n't know about sweden . 
  you are hiding info even in police reports but in the rest of europe  this is reality : 4 out of 10 wants sharia law in uk 3 out of 10 in france 5 out of 10 in germany ( islam  german law ) wanting to follow their religion is one thing , imposing it upon others is another . 
  they wish sharia law was a thing , but it 's not . 
  how many of them enforce it in spite ? 
  next to no one . 
   it 's not the same for a lot of muslims , and a lot of christians in the us too . 
  but it 's still the same with most people in most developed countries nevertheless . 
   it can not by definition be prejudicial when it 's based on reason and experience . 
  you need to find a different word . 
  it is prejudicial because you would n't be able to predict an uptick in islamic extremism due to isis . 
  `` i got run over once , meaning people will get run over a lot in 20 years '' k  islam is very different from modern christianity . 
  if i lived 200 years ago , i would rave about christianity . 
  i do n't . 
  believe it or not , but both of those books date back 1400 and 2000 years respectively , they have n't changed a bit . 
   islam is a dominant religion , opposite of `` turn your cheek '' `` love your neighbour '' there 's a lot of those passages in the quran as well , just like there are many `` dominant '' passages in the bible , like death for homosexuals etc. 
  `` if a man lies with a male as with a women , both of them shall be put to death for their abominable deed ; they have forfeited their lives . '' ( leviticus 20:13 nab )  islam accepts lying if beneficial , opposite of christianity i mean , considering christianity in itself is one big lie , i ca n't really confirm this . 
  it says in the bible that you should pray if you want something and you will receive it ... let 's not pretend this is true . 
  `` amen , i say to you , whoever says to this mountain , ` be lifted up and thrown into the sea , ' and does not doubt in his heart but believes that what he says will happen , it shall be done for him . 
  therefore i tell you , all that you ask for in prayer , believe that you will receive it and it shall be yours . '', 
  ( mark 11:24 -25 nab ) try throwing a mountain into the sea by praying .
