  i know that . 
   so the ottoman-serb alliance was halted after the capture of constantinople ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  idk you 're free to use facts , im not the most educated on the subject but i know a fair amount of stuff about it . 
   they fought against them like anyone did , but serbs were the only ones from the balkans who helped them conquer the byzantine empire thus bringing a dark age of ottoman rule here . 
  there were tons of janissaries , from all different nationalities , who were all just as `` voluntarily '' helping as those forcibly taken 1 ' 500 serbian cavalrymen . 
  not to mention that the guy who was forced to surrender the troops had invested in byzantine walls to protect it . 
  i see you talking about serbs very often , so idk about that last part . 
   while the nazis were exclusively responsible for attempted extermination the jews of serbia proper , they were assisted by local quislings in the nedic government and others , who helped round up the jews , romani and serbs who opposed the nazi occupation . 
   ** while the nazis were exclusively responsible for attempted extermination the jews of serbia proper ** , they were assisted by local quislings in the nedic government and others , who helped round up the jews , romani and serbs who opposed the nazi occupation . 
  at least read your own sources . 
  just refusing facts all over the place lulz, 
   the ottomans had a much larger force . 
  recent studies and ottoman archival data state that there were about 50,000 -- 80,000 ottoman soldiers including between 5,000 and 10,000 janissaries , an elite infantry corps , and thousands of christian troops , notably 1,500 serbian cavalry that the serbian lord \u0110ura\u0111 brankovi\u0107 was forced to supply as part of his obligation to the ottoman sultan -- just a few months before , he had supplied the money for the reconstruction of the walls of constantinople . 
  again , what does 1 ' 500 forcibly taken serbian troops mean ? 
  that serbs did n't fight the ottomans for 100s of years ? 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  everyone knows what response it 's going to yield because some people ca n't accept that there 's a legal entity called republika srpska . 
  not the poster 's fault . 
  you made this thread and brigaded it , that 's a completely different thing . 
  never happens , this greek ( flair ) guy is just all over serbs in every thread . 
  janissaries were made up of boys who were kidnapped ( blood tax ) at a young age and brainwashed to become warriors for the ottomans . 
  serbs were the first to receive autonomy , so they sure fought them . 
  that 's a little bit of an oversimplification . 
  it 's a meme created by random people because of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ) and it can really refer to any muslims ... like the ottomans . 
  meh , nationalists etc might , but it was mostly a thing during the war . 
  calling serbs mini russians is n't all that unheard of either . 
   even mladi\u0107 said before entering srebrenica that taking over the city and killing its people was the revenge for turkish occupation . 
  source ? 
  they were serbs , making it a serbian song . 
  ethnic serb `` lol '' he was born in the austrian empire, 
   we cover `` the serbian question '' in our history course and i 'm wondering if my education is actually relevant here . 
  wait what are you studying, 
  in all of austro-hungary actually :  after the balkan wars in 1912 -- 1913 , anti-serb sentiment increased in the austro-hungarian administration of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  oskar potiorek , governor of bosnia and herzegovina , closed many serb societies and significantly contributed to the anti-serb mood before the outbreak of world war i. 
   the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand of austria and sophie , duchess of hohenberg in 1914 led to the anti-serb pogrom in sarajevo , where angry croats and muslims engaged in violence during the evening of 28 june and much of the day on 29 june . 
  this led to a deep division along ethnic lines unprecedented in the city 's history . 
  ivo andri\u0107 refers to this event as the `` sarajevo frenzy of hate . '', 
  the crowds directed their anger principally at serb shops , residences of prominent serbs , the serbian orthodox church , schools , banks , the serb cultural society prosvjeta , and the srpska rije\u010d newspaper offices . 
  two serbs were killed that day . 
  that night there were anti-serb riots in other parts of the austro-hungarian empire including zagreb and dubrovnik . 
  in the aftermath of the sarajevo assassination anti-serb sentiment ran high throughout the habsburg empire . 
  austria-hungary imprisoned and extradited around 5,500 prominent serbs , sentenced 460 to death , and established the predominantly muslim special militia schutzkorps which carried on the persecution of serbs . 
   the sarajevo assassination became the casus belli for world war i. 
  taking advantage of an international wave of revulsion against this act of `` serbian nationalist terrorism , '' austria-hungary gave serbia an ultimatum which led to world war i. 
  although the serbs of austria-hungary were loyal citizens whose majority participated in its forces during the war , anti-serb sentiment systematically spread and members of the ethnic group were persecuted all over the country . 
  austria-hungary soon occupied the territory of the kingdom of serbia , including kosovo , boosting already intense anti-serbian sentiment among albanians whose volunteer units were established to reduce the number of serbs in kosovo . 
  a cultural example is the jingle `` alle serben m\u00fcssen sterben '' ( `` all serbs must die '' ) , which was popular in vienna in 1914 . 
  ( it was also known as `` serbien mu\u00df sterbien '' ) . 
   orders issued on the 3rd and 13 october 1914 banned the use of serbian cyrillic in the kingdom of croatia-slavonia , limiting it to use in religious instruction . 
  a decree was passed on january 3 , 1915 , that banned serbian cyrillic completely from public use . 
  an imperial order in october 25 , 1915 , banned the use of serbian cyrillic in the condominium of bosnia and herzegovina , except `` within the scope of serb orthodox church authorities '' . 
  kopf = head in german kopp = cup in swedish xd, 
  they actually believe this stuff  [ here ] ( http://prntscr.com/e93x5w ) are the four 1-star reviews on google . 
  poor things think the illyrians , who were extinct by year 200 , built this church that was built in the 1300s ... sheesh . 
  you 're the ones who got triggered over the republika srpska thread and decided to make this one and brigade it . 
  lulz, 
  well , seems like the rest of the subreddit sees it , i 'm fine with that . 
  mass downvoting because of bosnian flair ? 
  since when ? 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're brigading this thread . 
  sad . 
  what makes me a nationalist or a troll ? 
  someone 's really bummed their brigade did n't go as planned . 
  i edited it just for you , you 're welcome . 
  that 's some interesting `` history . '', 
  the church was built by serbian ruler stefan decanski and it has never been converted to an orthodox church , that 's the way it was built in 1327 . 
  it 's today an official part of serbian cultural heritage according to unesco . 
  incorrect actually , kosovan means it pertains to the people or land . 
   well , i live in france , so maybe that 's why ? 
  you have a swedish flair - talk about double standards . 
  that 's an appropriate time to change your flair , huh . 
  i 've never sported another flair than this one . 
   did i ? 
  proof ? 
  first 5 comments in this thread were by you , onidsama , gamerhcp , lumbarspine , mintberrycrunch88 . 
  all 5 of you are members bosnian discord and you all commented within 7 minutes . 
  this together with the pictures i posted in my other comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5u3dqn/scenes_from_kosovo/ddr25sb/ ) really kind of seals the deal . 
   same goes for you . 
  you posted about some phantom brigade over 10 times based on one guy linking to a thread on here . 
  pathetic , really . 
  some guy stating he will make this thread , posting the imgur album before this thread was made , and several of you from the subreddit with your bosnian flair commented within 5 minutes . 
  it 's clear as day . 
  you changed your flair from bosnia to france , nice . 
  you participated in the brigade and i posted proof of the brigade in my other comment about the [ visoki decani ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5u3dqn/scenes_from_kosovo/ddr25sb/ ) . 
  not everyone in the discord participated , no one ever accused all the users of it . 
  you found some guy , who is not even a serb , suggesting that the serbian discord counter-brigades , something which no one else agreed on . 
  those three screenshots are of one and the same guy lol . 
  that fact that you 're still going is really sad lol . 
  his bih post consists of the same pictures as the original with 3 more added ( iirc ) . 
  it literally has everything to do with the diabolizing of serbia and serbs . 
  that 's why this thread , which was literally just a response to the srpska thread , became top post while the srpska post was downvoted out . 
   that 's actually true , kosovars were oppressed and wanted independence which they rightfully got , now i 'm not saying that they were angels , uck did some bad stuff but that does n't change the fact that serbs treated kosovars like shit and actually committed worst atrocities . 
  except history goes further back : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo  republika srpska is a state created through ethnic cleansing of innocent people . 
  no , it was created with the dayton accord . 
  yup, 
  yep , better hold on to your land in the future , 
  yep crimea isnt the best comparison . 
  i just read that she actually grew up in serbia and fled during ww2 ... wow . 
  e : upon further investigation , idk if this is true .
