   islam is not secular , opposite of christianity christianity wants to minimize its effects on politics and the remainder of society ? 
  i do n't think you understand the term you 're using . 
   funny because the government supported the art of this ancient alphabet by translating some village signs to it . 
  but no one knows what it is in the village , they did n't even noticed for weeks when someone changed it . 
  lmao you should totally adopt it though , looks good, 
   not very religious . 
  might i say , muslim in name but not in spirit ? 
  it 's the same with most muslims . 
  if bulgarian muslims are that secular , how secular do you think swedish muslims are ? 
  i do n't know a single muslim who prays 5 times a day . 
  most are just muslim in name and only go as far as avoiding eating pork . 
   if you tried to make studies about christians based on danes , you 'd be suprised . 
  we 're christians in name but atheists in spirit . 
  same with most people in developed countries . 
   prejudice : `` preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience . '', 
  it was based on reason and actual experience . 
  so no . 
  the fact that you ( and millions of others ) blissfully ignore reality in favor of being politically correct does not make it prejudice . 
  once again , you could have made that assumption about irish people during the 90 's as an example and it would not be accurate . 
  it is prejudicial by all means . 
  islam is very similar to christianity , but you do n't rave about it as much . 
   a very likely assumption if things keep going as they are . 
  if you want to test that assumption , then be my guest . 
  in 20 years , do n't tell me that was prejudice aswell . 
  it 's called being realistic . 
  `` do n't say i did n't say so in x years '' has been a thing ever since sweden became a big immigration destination . 
  sweden has been on the verge of collapse since like the 50 's apparently . 
  english also uses them way less though , polish is full of them :(, 
  bulgaria is 8 % ~ muslim and experienced less terrorism than czechia , slovakia who both have a 0,1 % ~ muslim population . 
   if i said what you 're saying about 2nd generation muslims , 20 years ago , i would not have a job or any friends . 
  i 'd be a racist . 
  no one envisioned anything else , in the sense that terrorism is a part of the reality . 
  it 's always going to be there , but it 's not always going to be the muslims , hence ira and raf . 
  you would never know what impact islam would have today , 20 years ago , so yes , it would be prejudicial say something like that . 
  i could also state that radical nationalism is going to hit europe and many will die over the coming 20 years as a result ... but it would just be an assumption . 
   you have 1400 years of islam , 200 years of modern western cultures clash with islam , 50 years of integration and yet you ignore it all . 
  christianity has caused * lots * of shit too , but it 's not viewed in the same light as islam . 
  as for 50 years of integration , it has gone great . 
  sweden has amassed a 20 % foreign population and still remains one of the best countries in so many metrics . 
  you came to the wrong thread heathen xd, 
  is that an actual thing ? 
  i 've never heard of it but it looks great . 
  idk either, 
  provide sources please . 
  also , i do believe it 's likely 15 % of them would go there , i do n't see how someone can be supportive of them but be so scared by the thought of going there themselves , especially considering martyrdom in islam . 
  isis is n't a controversial group , their supporters know very well what they are up to . 
  the definition of a low effort argument . 
  can you explain why countries like czechia , slovakia , latvia just to mention a few , experienced terrorism , despite having a muslim population very similar to that of poland ( 0,1 % ~ ) ? 
  except that 's just reality , no one envisioned anything else . 
  during the 90 's with the ira , irish people were more prone to violence than today . 
  the same could be said about the far-left with raf for example . 
  does that mean we should deport all leftists and irish people to not risk that happening again ? 
  the moral of the story is that everyone can be radicalized if one pulls the right strings . 
  the vast majority of immigrants will get perfectly integrated , but it 's those who do n't who get the most attention . 
  diacritics * always * matter , but that 's because the language evolves in such a way where it 's needed . 
  i am just saying it could develop differently , making it more foreigner-friendly and not cause strokes . 
  as for letters , i hate languages like polish and hungarian where you do n't have letters for sounds like `` sz '' making it look very clustered . 
  you 're two hours late , that shoe was very tasty , 
  i ca n't say that i am excited to try ... 
  because that 's totally what i said ... lol . 
  you 're implying this explosion in radical extremism is a direct cause of immigration policy , but it clearly has to do with isis becoming huge and producing massive amounts of propaganda . 
  the vast majority of deaths to islamic terrorism in the west were caused by 2nd generation muslims . 
  we drink the least bottled water apparently . 
  interesting but not surprising , i do n't think i ever see someone drinking bottled water . 
  so you just assume anyone from mena sees swedes as weak and wants to exploit them ? 
  interesting perspective , but considering i 've met and known a lot of people from mena i do n't hold those views . 
  definitely goulash . 
  if hungarian does n't have top 3 longest average word length i 'm actually going to eat a shoe . 
  e : apparently 4th according to this source : http://www.ravi.io/language-word-lengths, 
  ur phone fked up btw, 
   do you understand the difference between integrated and assimilated ? 
  i assume you do , which is why you chose integrated when what i spoke of was assimilated . 
  yes , i do know . 
  assimilation is not a necessity , integration is enough . 
  why would someone have to distance themselves from their ethnic background ? 
  there 's 600 ' 000 finns in northern sweden , where 's the rave about them ? 
   people will easily integrate in a society like sweden , england or france , but then form their own cultural enclaves with fundamentally different values , mentality and way of life . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ if you do that , you 're not integrated . 
  you clearly do n't understand integration . 
   social integration is focused on the need to move toward a safe , stable and just society by mending conditions of social disintegration and social exclusion -- social fragmentation , exclusion and polarization ; and by expanding and strengthening conditions of social integration -- towards peaceful social relations of coexistence , collaboration and cohesion . 
   you do n't need to have been to sweden ( although i have ) to know that your number of islamic extremists growing from 200 to 2000 in a few years is reflective of horrible policy failures . 
  where was isis in 2010 ? 
  where is isis now ? 
  policy failures ? 
  it even says in the article that it was linked to isis propaganda . 
  please do tell me what happened . 
  there are extremists in sweden ? 
  oh my , the rest of europe is free of extremists , as we all know . 
  that 's a lot about something you know very little about . 
  history is taught as it is anywhere else in europe . 
  probably nowhere near as much propaganda as in the us however . 
  there is nothing that indicates this . 
  the number most likely includes those sympathizers considering they called them `` persons of interest '' . 
  but the vast majority do get integrated and do just fine . 
  swedish people did not just fall from the sky like some chosen people , they migrated there and got assimilated , just like everyone , everywhere . 
  yes , the rest of europe is free of violence , as we all know . 
  how many deaths have these terrorists caused in sweden compared to in france , germany , america etc ? 
  the circle jerk is too strong . 
  it 's time to reclaim america , deus vult . 
   it `` it '' is not some collective movement , if you have problems with people who have problems with turkey , tell them . 
  i did not get any negative vibes from / u/notthebroccoli 's comment,
