  recent studies and ottoman archival data state that there were about 50,000 -- 80,000 ottoman soldiers including between 5,000 and 10,000 janissaries , an elite infantry corps , and ** thousands of christian troops , notably 1,500 serbian cavalry that the serbian lord \u0110ura\u0111 brankovi\u0107 was forced to supply as part of his obligation to the ottoman sultan -- just a few months before , he had supplied the money for the reconstruction of the walls of constantinople . 
   you were the first to mention that `` serbs were vassals '' , not me . 
  there were vassal states , one following the conquering and one prior to independence . 
   crete was an important trade hub for the ottomans , it was settled by a lot of turks after they took it from the venetians . 
   one result of the ottoman conquest was that a sizeable proportion of the population gradually converted to islam , with its tax and other civic advantages in the ottoman system . 
  contemporary estimates vary , but on the eve of the greek war of independence as much as 45 % of the population of the island may have been muslim . 
  xd  why would greeks participate in all of venice 's wars ? 
  they participated in defending their lands from the ottomans just like serbs protected their lands from the ottomans . 
  nice . 
   first of all give me a source so i can see what happened before that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/despotate_of_the_morea  second , unlike serbs who were vassals , greeks always sided with the venetians against the turks to defend crete and morea . 
  study about the venetian rule of southern greece and the islands and stop cherry picking first and foremost , serbia had the serbian despotate after serbia was conquered , for about 57 years . 
  then there was the principality of serbia which was created 70 years before independence and got independent because of the serbian uprisings . 
  so to say `` serbs were vassals '' kind of really shows your understanding of history . 
  secondly , crete was already 45 % ~ muslim by the time the greek war of independence broke out . 
  first venetian war , 6 venetian commanders , skanderbeg , and ivan crnojevic who was a serb from zeta and whose army participated . 
  cry ? 
  always sided with the venetians ? 
  i mean there was the cretan war and the morean war . 
  what wars are you referring to ? 
  there are several venetian wars where greeks did not participate . 
  serbs also participated in venetian wars . 
   novi pazar has still majority muslim serbs afaik , at least you did n't genocided them not sure if this was some really poor attempt at insulting me , but anyway , many of them are muslim slavs , yes , but a lot of them are also the result of migration . 
  slavs were leaving the area and going north due to persecution against christians and muslims were arriving . 
  just because there was a vassal in serbia does n't mean serbia did n't fight the ottomans retard , they had just been conquered by the ottomans after fighting them . 
   as morea was recovering from a recent ottoman attack . 
  their own incompetence resulted in an albanian -- greek revolt against them , during which they invited in ottoman troops to help them put down the revolt . 
  at this time , a number of influential moreote greeks and albanians made private peace with mehmed . 
  after more years of incompetent rule by the despots , their failure to pay their annual tribute to the sultan , and finally their own revolt against ottoman rule , mehmed came into the morea in may 1460 . 
  demetrios ended up a prisoner of the ottomans and his younger brother thomas fled . 
  by the end of the summer the ottomans had achieved the submission of virtually all cities possessed by the greeks . 
  greek vassal , how cute . 
  fight the ottomans maaan . 
  inviting ottomans and shiet , nice bro . 
   serbs even helped the ottomans attack hungary , but you are wrong anyway 1 . 
  no i 'm not . 
  hungarians attacked the ottoman empire to try to take lands from them and serbian vassals assisted the ottoman empire . 
  vassal states are nothing unheard of if you know anything about history . 
  i guess hungarians too were allied with the ottomans because of the eastern hungarian kingdom ? 
  pathetic lol you talk about hungary like they were any different from the ottomans , they both had the same goals . 
  still butthurt lol , and yes serbs did fight the ottomans for 500 years . 
  the troops were taken from the general . 
  lol, 
  he says he does n't give a shit or talk about serbia , yet he has 91 comments including `` serb '' in 7 months ;d https://redditcommentsearch.com/, 
  he was crying about some 1 ' 500 serbian cavalry troops who forcibly participated in the fall of constantinople ... ex dee, 
  totally . 
  brigaded how exactly ? 
  probably because you never included `` immigrant '' in your last comment . 
  still a good amount :  the ten most represented countries of origin within the danish immigrant population in order of greatest proportion of the population are poland , turkey , germany , iraq , bosnia and herzegovina , romania , norway , iran , sweden , and pakistan . 
  according to statistics denmark , in the year 2014 immigrants from western countries of origin made up 41.88 % of the population , whereas 58.12 % of immigrants had non-western countries of origin . 
  statistics denmark defines european union member countries , iceland , norway , andorra , liechtenstein , monaco , san marino , switzerland , the vatican state , canada , the united states , australia and new zealand as western countries and all other countries as non-western countries . 
  even if they currently had 100 % muslim immigrants it would still not be an accurate title , since it 'd still be a ban against majority-immigrant areas rather than majority-muslim . 
  uhm , very many . 
  there 's about 5million + ethnic danes , so there 's a good bit . 
  1 . cringe 2 . youtube comments are a good place to look for anecdotes tbh 3 . cringe, 
   do you comprehend that a couple countries with relatively small populations ( two of which ar n't even in the eu ) & two city-states are exactly what i was pointing out when i said most of western europe does n't match america in gdp-per-capita , median income & average income ? 
  good old `` small countries have it easier '' american argument . 
  it 's kind of funny how it always comes down to that , because there are no real arguments . 
  being small is n't an advantage , being big is not a disadvantage . 
  germany has like 200x the population of iceland , how come it 's not terrible compared to iceland ? 
  there 's an imaginary line drawn somewhere in the heads of americans , probably being indoctrinated so they do n't ask themselves why their country is such a pile of shit . 
  i know most of we does n't match america 's numbers , that 's exactly what i said . 
  there 's some countries that do . 
   and yes , please do say hello to the cold war for me . 
  because you seem to forget why western europe is so prosperous compared to eastern europe & why sweden did n't end up a soviet client state . 
  holy shit this ca n't actually be real . 
  the way americans argue is just fucking flabbergasting . 
  by this logic you owe everything you have to spain , netherlands etc , for the war of independence , except the difference is that russia did n't have the means to take over europe after ww2 . 
  1 ) finland fought off the ussr with assistance from germany and also sweden :  despite several pleas from the finnish government , the swedish government declined to engage militarily with the red army as it advanced during the winter war . 
  however , sweden declared itself `` non-belligerent '' rather than neutral during the conflict and as many as 8,000 swedes voluntarily went to finland to fight . 
  the swedish government and public also sent food , clothing , medicine , weapons and ammunition to aid the finns during this conflict . 
  this military aid included :  135,402 rifles , 347 machine guns , 450 light machine guns with 50,013,300 rounds of small arms ammunition ;  144 field guns , 100 anti-aircraft guns and 92 anti-tank guns with 301,846 shells ;  300 naval mines and 500 depth charges ;  17 fighter aircraft , 5 light bombers , 1 dc-2 transport aircraft turned into a bomber , and 3 reconnaissance aircraft . 
   twelve of sweden 's most modern fighter aircraft , british gloster gladiators , were flown by volunteer swedish pilots under finnish insignia . 
  these aircraft constituted one third of sweden 's fighter force at the time . 
  in addition , sweden received some 70,000 finnish children who were sent to sweden to find safety during the 1940s . 
  2 ) ussr was n't looking to conquer the countries that they had co-operated with during the war , nor were they fucking able to with their 20 million dead . 
  ask asia and sa what they think of the cold war . 
   oh , and i never said we were a big fighter in wwi , only that we were a big player in ending it , hence our seat & influence at versailles . 
  rich ? 
  check military ? 
  check welcome to versailles . 
   but once again , just proving that you do n't understand your own region 's history while being so god damn smug you ca n't even admit the influence of american hegemony over your country . 
  lol in what way am i misunderstanding my history , please elaborate . 
   oh , and for the record , yes , us economically & militarily supporting your continent for more than half-a-century , and encouraging european integration the entire time , is probably the biggest reason wars are no longer common in the area . 
  you made a fuck ton of money off the war and eventually joined because you got bombed . 
  you helped rebuild eu so they could pay back their debts and because you slacked in the war . 
   but oh shit , that might actually be something positive about american foreign policy , and god knows you 'd give your left nut before your smugness would ever let you admit or acknowledge something like that . 
  lol tell me more about how america is the center of the world and europe has n't been dominant longer than anyone else in recent history , and only lost it recently because of ww1 and ww2 . 
  the west is a lot more pacifist now and america is losing again . 
  behind blood money by the billions and a walking military , there really is nothing . 
  just go look at the post about what countries sees who as the biggest threat to world peace . 
  the title implies they made it illegal for muslim-majority , not immigrant-majority . 
  it 's not the same fucking thing . 
  yes , muslims can be immigrants , but they 're not the ones banned , it 's all immigrants . 
  then neither does christianity , they 're both fucking carbon copies of judaism + some changes . 
   maybe , but they probably expected that 99.9 % of immigrants to integrate seamlessly because the western standard of living and values has more freedom and prosperity than the rest of the world . 
  `` they '' obviously are n't that distraught when they 're not voting for others , right ? 
  that 's some flawless logic , not misrepresenting whatsoever . 
  talk about trying to ride the `` muslim ban '' wave . 
   a new declaration was passed by the danish parliament which makes it illegal for a residential area to be occupied by an ** immigrant ** majority population .
