  there were members of the rsk because they wanted to secede from croatia and join serbia . 
  again , i 'm talking about the 100s of thousands of serbs who suffered from textbook ethnic cleansing . 
   after building a wall and sending a train , both done with the wish that someone is killed by a nationalistic idiot , this is a pretty simple strategy you seem experienced in provocation , was your father a kla fighter by any chance ? 
   started by serbs , overwhelming majority of massacres commited by serbs , but somehow the usa , un and yugoslavia do n't consider serbians terrorist lul what 's your point ? 
  the kla was classed a terrorist organization as it should 've been . 
   irrelevant , not supported by the government of kosovo , doesnt represent the people of kosovo `` in the prelude to the conflict in late 2000 , groups of armed albanians started opening fire on macedonian police and security forces located on the border with fr yugoslavia . 
  these events appeared to catch the macedonian government and the international community by surprise . 
  the first attacks occurred in the small village of tanu\u0161evci located in northern macedonia , near the border with kosovo . 
  the conflict began on 22 january 2001 , when a group of armed albanians attacked the police station of the village tearce near tetovo , killing a police officer and injuring three others . 
  `` in the same month , a group calling itself the national liberation army ( nla ) claimed responsibility for the attacks against the police . 
  initial reports gave conflicting information about the nla . 
  macedonian president boris trajkovski claimed that the rebels were primarily kosovo liberation army ( u\u00c7k ) members who had infiltrated the country from kosovo . 
  macedonian officials accused nato of not doing enough to disarm the albanian insurgents , discouraging their encampment in the buffer zone ( ground safety zone ) area between kosovo and serbia , or preventing their entry into macedonia . '', 
  kla fighters doing the same in macedonia , using the same strategies as they did in kosovo . 
  nice . 
   serbia has actually looked much better so i dont know what you 're talking about but good for you , if you do n't decide to join the russian union instead i 'm already in the eu , so no worries there . 
   so croatian authorities convicted the people who broke the law ? 
  what 's the issue ? 
  the issue is that it happened in the first place . 
  are they supposed to start fleeing when they have a gun pointed at their forehead ? 
  thousands of houses were destroyed and hundreds died . 
   also why did croatian forces have to invade croatia if those people never tried to make it part of serbia ... 
  they did n't have to do what they did , just like the allies did n't need to flatten dresden or america did not need to nuke a declining japan . 
  he quite clearly states he 's lucky that his wife is not a jew or a serb . 
  i edited my previous response , the answer is right there . 
  ndh made up about half of yugoslavia , spanning all of croatia , bosnia and parts of serbia . 
  serbs were n't dying in droves in serbia , nor were there many serbs in slovenia or macedonia . 
  you 're going to tell me serbia had a quarter of a million strong army in croatia ? 
  the vast majority were civilians . 
   the number of civilian casualties in operation storm is disputed . 
  the state attorney 's office of the republic of croatia claims that 214 civilians were killed -- 156 in 24 instances of war crimes and another 47 as victims of murder -- during the battle and in its immediate aftermath . 
  the croatian helsinki committee disputes the claim and reports that 677 civilians were killed during the same period , however their report was rejected by the icty , when submitted as evidence , due to unsourced statements and double entries contained in the report . 
  serbian sources quote 1,192 civilians dead or missing . 
  icty prosecutors set the number of civilian deaths at 324 . 
   although it was very difficult to determine the number of properties destroyed during and after operation storm since a large number of houses sustained some degree of damage since the beginning of the war , human rights watch ( hrw ) estimated that more than 5,000 houses were destroyed in the area during and after the battle . 
  out of the 122 serbian orthodox churches in the area , one was destroyed and 17 were damaged , but most of the damage to the churches occurred prior to the serb retreat . 
  hrw also reported that the vast majority of the abuses were committed by croatian forces . 
  these abuses , which continued on a large scale even months after operation storm , included summary executions of elderly and infirm serbs who remained behind and the wholesale burning and destruction of serbian villages and property . 
  in the months following the august offensive , at least 150 serb civilians were summarily executed and another 110 persons forcibly disappeared . 
  one example of such crimes was the varivode massacre , where nine elderly serb villagers were killed by the hv . 
   as of november 2012 , croatian authorities have received 6,390 reports of crimes committed in the area during or after operation storm and have convicted 2,380 persons for looting , arson , murders , war crimes and other illegal acts . 
  as of the same date , 24 more trials of war crimes related to operation storm were in progress . 
  i guess hundreds dead that day killed themselves aswell . 
  during his campaign , on 16 april 1990 tu\u0111man had a conversation with news reporters where he said : [ ... ] then they declare that my wife is jewish or serbian . 
  luckily for me , she never was either . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franjo_tu%c4%91man#1990_election_campaign u also kinda seemed to miss the second point, 
  in september 1943 , serbs made up 95 % of partisans from serbia , 77 % from croatia and 70 % from bosnia and the percentages were negligible in macedonia & slovenia . 
  cccc does n't stand for anything offensive lol . 
  [ it comes from byzantium ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/byzantine_imperial_flag,_14th_century,_square.svg/1920px-byzantine_imperial_flag,_14th_century,_square.svg.png ) and has since been adopted as a type of slogan , meaning nothing offensive . 
  comparing it to the schutzstaffel `` ss '' is hilarious . 
   serbs have an interesting victim complex , now you 're acting poor and innocent but your president is running a campaign on nationalism and xenophobia towards kosovo , you just sent a train with `` kosovo is serbia '' on it almost into kosovo just to provocate oki  and your thick-lipped pm says he will send the army here he said that if serbs are killed they will send them . 
   and your thick-lipped pm says he will send the army here , knowing full well that the last time a war started here you deliberately targeted civilian villages and burned them to the ground and killed every last person and put their bodies in mass graves ( many are missing to this day ) . 
  yeah , both sides did bad things , but we ambushed your terror police and you retaliated by burning whole villages . 
  sounds no different from the kla . 
  usa , un , yugoslavia all classed the kla as a terrorist group attacking civilians . 
   everyone knows that croatia is a stable and fully european country , serbia is looking like a ticking time-bomb again , why the fuck should anyone worry about this shit when you 'd start a genocidal war tomorrow if you had the chance ? 
  lol . 
  meanwhile 80 % of heroin trade is controlled by kosovo albanians and theyre constantly [ trying to start shit in macedonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/go%c5%a1ince_attack ) serbia is in talks for eu membership and has n't looked better . 
  you 're so full of it . 
   chetnics and nedi\u0107 cooperated with ndh , especially nedi\u0107 on project emigration of serbs from ndh . 
  google returns no results regarding this . 
  source ? 
   croatian historian vladimir \u017derjavi\u0107 initially estimated the number of muslims and croats killed by the chetniks as 65,000 ( 33,000 muslims and 32,000 croats ; both combatants and civilians ) . 
  in 1997 , he revised this figure down to 47,000 dead ( 29,000 muslims and 18,000 croats ) . 
  according to vladimir geiger of the croatian institute of history , zdravko dizdar , a historian , estimates chetniks killed a total of 50,000 croats and muslims -- mostly civilians -- between 1941 and 1945 . 
  that 's a high estimate . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  that is taken from wikipedia , and the source is right there . 
  yad vashem , israel 's official holocaust memorial . 
   it is also false , as the serb casualties on the whole territory of yugoslavia are stated as 340,000 to 480,000 depending on the source , which includes military casualties . 
  `` estimates vary and are disputed . 
  it is agreed that the total number of serbian deaths ranges from 300,000 to 500,000 , while the total number of serbs killed in concentration camps is estimated to be around 100,000 . '', 
  wikipedia again . 
  500 ' 000 is quite close to 480 ' 000 , would n't you say ? 
  one day , a quarter of a million serbs who had lived in croatia their whole lives decided to up and leave . 
  [ thank god my wife is neither a serb nor a jew ] ( http://izquotes.com/quotes-pictures/quote-thank-god-my-wife-is-neither-a-serb-nor-a-jew-franjo-tudjman-187454.jpg ) [ ah tudjman , the guy who let jasenovac and other holocaust memorial sites be degraded to a nature park ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp#jasenovac_memorial_site_after_1990 ), 
  this does n't take into consideration the ethnicity however . 
  up until late 1943 the partisans were majority serbs ( 77 % in croatia , 70 % in bosnia ) . 
  serbs were probably the majority throughout , but made up the vast majority before the fall of italy . 
  yad vashem says 200 ' 000 forcibly converted . 
   yad vashem estimates over 500,000 murdered , 250,000 expelled and 200,000 forcibly converted to catholicism . 
  what 's your source ? 
  are you mentally unstable or something ? 
  is merkel your mother ? 
  trust me , no one came here to debate some imbecil . 
  the other guy posted a tweet about trump criticizing his economic policies . 
  but i guess you know better . 
  breaks the law aka leaks proof of illegal surveillance and spying . 
  i bet you would n't want them extradited if they were a russian looking for asylum in the west . 
  you even said above that your reasoning is that he 's `` pro trump '' based on some random tweet about clinton . 
  nice . 
  you win . 
  how can i debate with someone who has an older account than me . 
  anti-us means pro-trump aswell , that 's news to me . 
  you 're so cringey , honestly, 
  so basically , he should be extradited and face prosecution for having differing political opinions . 
  who 's the fascist again ? 
  as if that picture answers the question . 
  it does n't . 
  the answer is no , they do n't have an ss insignia .
