  where do you see the word `` muslim '' ? 
  please stop with this shit , it 's getting ridiculous . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i do n't know anyone who 's changing their votes . 
   there are very few countries in western europe alone with a higher gdp-per-capita , median income & average income , especially in ppp . 
  america is 14th in the world , ppp . 
  switzerland , luxembourg , ireland , norway , san marino are the european ones . 
  they are all except san marino above you in nominal as well . 
  gross per-capita income ( ppp ) has sweden , denmark , finland , norway and luxembourg ranking higher than you . 
  luxembourg beats you in average wave as well . 
   the eu as a whole , which is the only true comparison to america is economic size , population & territory , does n't even rank in the same league . 
  am i supposed to marvel at this ? 
  this has everything to do with your size and military capabilities , eliminating anyone who disagrees with you ( hello cold war ) and as i said before , putting your interests over anything else . 
  say hello to saudi arabia from me . 
   and you 're right , a big shift did happen in wwi . 
  it was the first time america seriously entered european politics from a strong , if not dominant , position , by basically being one of , if not the main factor in the war 's end , with us having a big seat at the table for versailles ' negotiation , even if it ended up being much harsher than we wanted . 
  we were also the leading proponent for the league of nations , even as congress rejected america 's entry into it despite wilson  but once again , the treaty of versailles is mostly european politics & history , so i can forgive your ignorance on it . 
   first of all , what does that even mean ? 
  you think the war would still be raging today if it were n't for the us ? 
  it never fails to amaze me how americans think they 're the center of the world . 
  you were not as big of a player in ww1 as you obviously think . 
  secondly , ignorance on what ? 
  are you trying to tell me the versailles treaty was written in english because of america ? 
  also , [ big fan of wilson ] ( http://thefederalistpapers.org/us/top-10-most-racist-quotes-from-progressive-hero-woodrow-wilson ), 
   wtf are you talking about ? 
  it was the eu countries which pushed us into libya & france was the one who was pissed at obama for not bombing assad . 
  lol libya was terrible , but comparing that to , say , iraq , is ridiculous . 
   which is my point . 
  you enjoy all the benfitts of nato without any of the responsibilities or commitments . 
  and are we wrong for asking for 2 % ? 
  shit , with friends like your country it should be a given , no something for you to mock . 
  that 's not our fault , they like us it seems . 
  it 's not like it was some long-term plan . 
  there 's like 19 countries that spend 2 % or more on defence , three of which are in eu . 
  trust me , we do n't need to be more like those countries nor do we need to increase spending when we 're already huge in comparison to the rest of the world . 
   of course not , because we 've already established above that you 're incapable of recongnizing your own mistakes , with a better understanding of american politics & history than europe 's . 
  lulz  kinda weird you mentioned hungary , but not greece , italy & spain . 
  lol what about them ? 
  what 's 16k refugees to 40 ' 000 ' 000 spaniards for example ? 
  eu and the countries come to agreements , why are you making it sound like they 're forced ? 
   oh , did you learn english to go to indian universities & watch south african movies ? 
  lol to get a job in the jamaican silicon valley ? 
  invest in new zealand 's wall street ? 
  america is rich because america is big . 
  there 's countries in europe with higher gdp/capita . 
  there 's nothing impressive about being 320 million people . 
  same with your `` language spreading '' . 
   you 're so fucking smug , and once again , ignorant of your own region 's history , you ca n't even admit the effect american hegemony has had on spreading the english language . 
  lol the versailles treaty was written in english as well as french . 
  the switch happened quite a bit earlier than ww2 . 
   and i do n't deny responbility or causing a fuckton of our mistakes . 
  but can you do the same ? 
  tell me , are you able to list off the numerous fuck-ups we made in the 50s , 60s & 70s , but at the same time do n't talk about , or worse , do n't know about , the countless european fuck-ups from the same time period when it comes to the era of de-colonization & the developing world , especially in regards to the middle east & africa ? 
  sure , but that happened and now the eu has not done anything remotely close to it since . 
  america has been all over the rest of the world since then . 
  europe notes american actions and makes sure not to repeat them , yet america does n't do the same . 
   as the saying goes , sweden will fight until the last finn . 
  and once again , you 're not in nato dude . 
  lol you just enjoy being surrounded by it & tied to them through the eu , with none of the responsibilities or obligations that come with it . 
  we are not literally in nato , but we are * in * nato . 
  why does that bother you ? 
  if we were , you 'd be crying over us not spending 2 % and the list goes on . 
  point is that we do n't border russia , we do n't need to be a walking military . 
  i like how you make it out to be our fault , we simply chose not to join . 
  if our allies see us worthy of interference in case of an invasion , how are we to blame ? 
  naturally we have ties with our allies . 
   oh , you do n't ? 
  than why do n't you push to offer southern europe fiscal transfers & a debt haircut ? 
  instead of , you know , imposing austerity on them while the rest of northern europe , your largest trading partners iirc , use a artificially overvalued currency to outcompete them . 
  that 's one hell of an argument lol . 
  i wo n't even start . 
   no , you just encourage them to come to europe & paint a pretty pocture while every other country between you & the med are actually the ones who have to deal with the fallout . 
  people temporarily staying these countries is somehow a massive burden on them ? 
  we have every right to our own immigration policies . 
  countries like hungary will only receive 200 fucking refugees in the next two years . 
  sweden accepted 30,000 asylum requests last year , yet there are over 2,7 million refugees in turkey alone . 
  please elaborate ? 
   yeah , that 's why & when so many swedes began speaking english , the british empire which was on it 's deathbed in wwii , not american hegemony which has reigned supreme over the western world since then & has more direct/overt influence on continental europe than britain probably ever did . 
  remember when great britain colonized half of the world and used english as a lingua franca ? 
  please explain how america made 12 % of india learn english . 
  i mean you literally speak english because of them , so there 's that . 
   yeah , you 'll increase the use of military force while reducing collateral damage with power projection & intelligence gathering not even in the same league as the united states . 
  lol you 're a fucking genius . 
  you do n't need a fraction of the power projection the us has . 
  america has 2.1 million personnel , of which < 10 ' 000 are in afghanistan . 
  intelligence gathering never has been the issues , but rather the us putting their interests above anything else , even the lives of civilians . 
   but leave it to a swede to act like this . 
  you rely on finland & america to futhur your military interests , germany & the eu to futhur your economic interests , southern europe & turkey to handle the worst parts of the refugee crisis which you continously encourage , but at the same time wan na get on a superiority shtick about how you 're a trailblazer who others should look to as a leader , even when as a society you 're learning english as fast as you can & gobbling down american pop culture like the shit is going out of style . 
  cringing hard right now 1 . 
  we do n't need to be a walking military like the united states . 
  and no , no one forced you , you 're the one who willingly takes that position , so like right now , you can be bombing in 5 countries and be militarily active , training troops etc in 130 countries . 
  not to even mention all the wars and your atrocities which you 're not even admitting or taking responsibility for . 
  as for finland , they have conscription and it 's not because of sweden , but rather because they border russia and are n't members of nato . 
  it 's kind of funny you 're talking about finland however , since they spend 1,3 % of their gdp while sweden spends 1,1 % . 
  massive difference , huh . 
  germany & eu to further economic interests ? 
  sweden has a strong economy , it 's called a socio-economic organization , for co-operation . 
  we do n't * need * anyone , neither does anyone else in the eu , but it 's beneficial for everyone . 
  southern europe & turkey to handle the refugee crisis ? 
  refugees are simply passing by southern europe .
