  yeah , that 's where america excels pretty much ... still has little to do with healthcare of the american populace . 
  also helps that the biggest eu country is like a 5th of america 's population . 
   how brainwashed can europeans possibly be ? 
  x )  1 ) the average american is highly educated . 
  americans have the highest rate of secondary education completion out of developed countries . 
  and secondary education is free . 
  because high school is clearly what he 's referring to ... lol  2 ) americans have the 2nd highest attainment rate of university-level education and american universities are the best in the world in academic performance . . you literally used a ranking from 2007 , and from that source . 
  how many hours do you spend looking for the rankings where america fares the best ? 
  according to the oecd ( 2014 ) , america has the 7th highest rate of tertiary education and it * tanks * when you consider the level of their education . 
  the percentage of people in the 25-34 age group who have finished the equivalent to a 6-year degree or higher is 11 % , putting america at rank # 26 . 
  ( 2016 ) [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment#2014_oecd_data )  2 ) americans have the 2nd highest attainment rate of university-level education and american universities are the best in the world in academic performance . . another example of you misrepresenting data . 
  2014 ranking ? 
  surely enough when i checked the 2015 and 2016 rankings on that site , america lost a few ranks . 
  especially in 2016 where oxford climbed three spots to # 7 and cambridge climbed to # 4 . 
  university college london from # 20 to # 18 . 
  you sure did n't like that , so you went with the 2014 ranking , huh ? 
   you brag about `` free education '' while a much smaller percentage of your country 's population actually goes to a university . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  31 % of americans receive university-level educational attainment , compared to only 16 % of french people . 
  how much is your free education working out for you ? 
  those numbers are actually 44 % and 32 % respectively , ages 25-64 . 
  france beats the us by a long shot when it comes to level of education , ranked # 13 and # 26 respectively . 
  seems to be working out quite well . 
  once again , the oecd , 2014/2016 . 
   3 ) the us leads the world in technological advancement  4 ) look at the rankings of world universities in natural sciences and mathematics . 
  15 of the top 20 universities are american . 
  only 4 are european , for example . 
   american universities similarly dominate in specific fields like physics , chemistry and computer science . 
  325 million people ... what are the odds ? 
  now let 's check times higher education : computer science : 4 of the top 10 are non-american chemistry : 3 of the top 10 are non-american physics & astronomy : 4 of the top 10 are non-american i love how you could n't stick to the newest rankings but throughout your rant used 2014 , 2015 and 2016 rankings . 
  this is why no one takes you seriously , but it 's cute you 're such a huge fan of europe and spend so much time raving about the most developed countries on the face of the earth , 
  that 's because georgia 's economy has grown rapidly . 
  not to mention that its capital , atlanta , ranks very highly in wealth inequality . 
  i think it might have a lot to do with the british empire and their side in ww2 . 
   also do n't know how people in the nordics deal with all the darkness . 
  i do n't get it . 
  winters are dark , but summers are bright for that same reason . 
  tbf , the swedish one comes flavored as well . 
  are kebab shops common in poland ? 
  i thought those were only big in countries with many immigrants from the middle east . 
  today is somewhat warm , but yesterday it was raining all day long . 
  the weather is pretty meh . 
  it feels like half of the maps on / r/europe tell me nothing because i 'm colorblind . 
  this ... way too much it feels like . 
  i have no idea what 's going on and i have no idea why they would not make it `` normal '' . 
  any country anywhere would turn into a bloodbath at one point or another, 
  i have seriously no idea how this comment has so many shitty upvoted comments . 
  shitshow in the comments as per usual . 
  particularly vulnerable area = = no-go zone . 
  pack it up boys , we 've solved the mystery . 
  +13 as well ... interesting . 
  how the fuck does sample size matter when you have over 100k ? 
  and gender demographics do matter , but i never even mentioned them . 
  you 're really reaching . 
  old white people , * in my europe ? 
  * tsk tsk tsk who would have thought, 
  it does indeed seem like it seems so . 
  second dude from the right is definitely bjergsen . 
  there 's over a 100 ' 000 americans in germany ... please . 
  never even mentioned gender demographics , but i guess you 're reading what you want to read . 
  well , he just used serbia as an example ... so it should n't be too hard to figure out . 
  it does n't matter when you 're counting per capita , there 's a good sample size of americans . 
   albania . 
  albania is counted though . 
  calls them killers ? 
  he clearly makes the difference between the mexican people and the mexican state , where he says he loves mexican people but dislikes that , in his opinion , mexican policy is harmful to the us . 
  far from a trump fan , but let 's not exaggerate please . 
   there are also a thousand times less americans than turks in germany . 
  literally does n't matter . 
  to be honest , i completely forget the small islands around us exist . 
  as far as i know , north germanic is basically somewhere around germany and anything above it ( kind of ) . 
  afaik it 's only a linguistic group though . 
  does * anyone * think those are unique to their country ? 
  they are very generic o_o, 
  not even close . 
  google it . 
  lol, 
  scandinavia : sweden , norway , denmark . 
  nordic : sweden , norway , denmark , iceland , finland, 
  i know , i saw it . 
  do n't you think it 's ironic he ascribes all bosnian demographic changes to extermination , yet the serbian demographic changes to own volition ? 
  anyway , what went on during the war , aside from srebrenica , is not classified as genocide , as genocide was not the goal . 
  srebrenica is the sole incident during the war that has been classified as genocide by the court ( s ) . 
  thanks for sharing your opinion . 
  not to take away from the tragedy , but there are some remarks i felt i had to make regarding the statement . 
  firstly , your title implies all bosniaks in republika srpska were `` exterminated '' , meaning there was 0 % bosniaks , which is untrue . 
  dark red rs canton on the map just means serbs made up 75 % at the time . 
  * theoretically * bosniaks could make up 24,99 % of the population of rs and the cantons could all still be dark red . 
  secondly , extermination is synonymous to destruction , which is a very iffy term in this scenario . 
  the majority of casualties were military casualties and as such probably would n't be defined as `` extermination '' by most . 
  more issues arise when you 're ascribing all demographic change to destruction , considering not all of it happened in the same manner . 
  some were killed , some were forcibly displaced to the federation , while some fled . 
  i do n't think it 's logical to classify the refugees as having been exterminated , for example . 
  thirdly , you 're using a map from 1998 , which would probably look a bit different than a map from 1995 , which is the year the war ended . 
  migrating to rs or to the federation depending on ethnicity was commonplace in the coming years as a consequence of the war . 
  good argument, 
  you 're the one who said serbia has been more of a cunt than her neighbors and your argument is apparently that serbs denied the existence of croats , while croats did the exact same thing . 
  your argument is the biggest piece of garbage i 've ever seen , so please do go ahead and read the link i posted and stop embarrassing yourself . 
  you called serbia as a country a `` cunt '' and now you 're derailing the conversation because of some `` insult '' . 
  no really , fuck off .
