  while i do hope male circumcision is banned in the near future , there are good reasons female circumcision was banned early . 
  the two procedures are vastly different . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circumcision_and_law not true lol, 
  lmao, 
  someones getting scared, 
   fyr of slovenia lovely flair, 
   fun fact : halvdan/halfdan is a name typically given to a person who is a half dane , half swede . 
  that 's hilarious because the adjective `` halvdan ( t ) '' in swedish refers to something that is `` not that good , '' `` mediocre '' lol, 
  same in every language afaik , including their own . 
   why not ? 
  did n't he just explain in his post ? 
   doing what the big guys tell him aka surrender their sovereignty to the imperialist america who do n't give a shit about the actual people who inhabit cuba , but only their interests . 
  i would n't want to be part of such an alliance either , looking at what they 've done all over the world ... somehow castro is the bad guy for not sucking their dicks . 
  you 're forced to defend what 's yours by any means . 
  if you were n't turning a blind eye , you 'd notice the us has killed about a trillion more people than 15 ' 000 . 
  iraq and afghanistan alone claimed millions of lives ... castro is so evil . 
  fun fact : spaghetto is singular for spaghetti, 
  600 assassination attempts by the cia , 50 years of embargo . 
  it was ruled not a genocide . 
  there 's probably quite a few . 
  nederl\u00e4nderna is the swedish name . 
  last one caught me off-guard lol, 
   getting rid of any hierarchy in society ? 
  all government and laws ? 
  you 're kidding me right ? 
  it 's the complete antithesis of a modern society , these people , like nazi 's , gaining massive amounts of power , would likely result in millions dying . 
  any political change can have devastating consequences ... let 's ignore the millions who die to malnutrition every year already . 
  you 're trying really hard to justify the behavior of nazis , obviously . 
  anarchism does not equal exterminating millions of jews , slavs , homosexual and the list goes on . 
  nazism does . 
   course not , i 'm just saying that `` nazi '' does n't automatically equate to wanting to kill millions just like `` stalinism '' does n't . 
  nazism does n't automatically mean you 're for killing jews , slavs , homosexuals etc ? 
  sorry , you 're wrong . 
   so if i can find an anarchist lone wolf that has killed some people , i can extrapolate that to the entire group ? 
  alright . 
  funny how muslim terrorist on top of muslim terrorist can commit so many attacks in europe , yet people on the left tell those on the right they ca n't extrapolate that to the entire group , when you 're here doing the exact same thing , is n't it ? 
  how to make an idiot make himself look like an idiot : use the same dumb argument he used in response and watch him go ape shit . 
  i like how spencer believes in just `` white separatism '' , yet feels the need to use german expression used by the nazis , such as * die lugenpresse * or phrases such as `` hail victory '' , literally sieg heil translated to english . 
  his belief in `` white separatism '' absolutely is n't a way of diverting attention from his nazi beliefs , 
   anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates self-governed societies based on voluntary institutions . 
  that 's it . 
  you want to arrest people for that ? 
  lmao  also , if you actually look up richard spencer and many of the same peoples ideals , they believe in white separatism , not genocides . 
  as stupid as i still find it as it 's insanely ideological and frankly , pointless , they do n't actually advocate for genocide in that case . 
  yes , because , as we all know , richard spencer was the sole participant of the protest ... it 's not like there 's tons of pictures from the event of people doing the nazi salute or someone literally murdering a women and injuring several other counter-protesters ? 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  because promoting anarchism is the same thing as promoting an ideology that revolves largely around extermination hundreds of millions of people . 
  okay . 
  he means it 's auschwitz when translated . 
  that 's not a polish character either btw . 
  lol, 
  because it 's not ? 
  all of yugoslavia was outside the iron curtain , but are slavic ... romania not slavic ... : thinking :, 
  pretty logical , do n't you think ? 
  they just drew a straight line from the beginning to the end of the balkan peninsula ... only a small part of hungary is in it too . 
  both, 
  is n't this just the most common projection for these maps . . ? 
  that hurt, 
   not to forget this image . 
  hmmm whats that ? 
  done lol, 
   about 87 % of americans are fine with white-black marriage . 
  that 's because most black people in america are americans just like the white people , having lived there for several hundred years and share the same culture and religion . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  croats bombed it though ... 
  i see :p, 
  i will admit that slovenia had more foreign-born people than i had previously thought , but still nowhere near 50 % ( which sparked my reaction ) . 
   fine , you were n't the one , who used this word , but you implied to it when you answered . 
  i implied that x nationalities are * bothered * by being labeled as eastern european , what 's wrong with it ? 
   and by wrong names you use the word `` easterner '' , which can not be used for any europeans . 
  i mean , that 's pretty ignorant ... why would * easterner * not be used in this context , speaking about * eastern * europeans ? 
  lol, 
   eh , most would n't care , some who are precise , like me , would be like this . 
  kinda what i assumed  half of the country is balkan immigrants anyway . 
  who did i call by the wrong name ? 
  and when did i use `` triggered '' ? 
  here i 'll do it just for you ; you seem very triggered . 
  yeah , that 's what i was meaning more or less when i was talking about eastern ( balkan ) . 
   socialists : 28.4 % : thinking :, 
  i think you may be retarded, 
   not true . 
  many countries [ citation needed ] that have escaped communism want to get rid of terms that linked them to that , such as `` ex-communist '' or `` eastern european '' . 
  so ... like the baltic countries then ? 
  dividing the balkans into eastern or southern does n't really matter when it 's more or less the same thing . 
   we were actually pretty anti-russian even in communist times . 
  you were n't really alone . 
  those lucky central european pixels in switzerland ... 
  the only easterners who are bothered by being called eastern are the baltics , poland and croatia . 
  slovenia is 50/50 in terms of what people call it . 
  most appear to call it central , some eastern . 
  i do n't really know how they feel about it though . 
  i did n't even see that op was estonian on my phone ... so baltic people and estonians . 
   if baltic people divided europe like some western europeans fixed it, 
  sooooo ex-yu countries would be western lol, 
  relevant name lol, 
  glad im not alone, 
   aside from having the most responsive health care system in the world with the highest survival rates from treatable diseases like cancer . 
  spoiler alert : when tens of millions are walking around uninsured , that happens . 
  what an irrelevant stat anyway , why mention that one stat and refer to a pay-walled article instead of mentioning that the us ranks # 37 according to the world health organization ? 
   aside from funding literally the majority of medical research done in the entire world and developing 8/10 of the most important recent medical advances .
