  i 'm done with this topic , you could just go on for ever and ever with this logic . 
  wikipedia has a page about the migration crisis in europe where you can see these things . 
   i take it you admit it 's imprecise , then ? 
  cause you do n't seem to be dispuiting that . 
  i did dispute it . 
  it 's accurate just not as descriptive as you seem to want it to be . 
  it 's just the way titles are . 
   keep living in dreamland . 
  it 's nice there , i hear . 
  huh ? 
   i gave you an example title that is just as short as the one used , only more precise . 
  do n't try this `` reductio ad absurdum '' shit with me . 
  i already explained that the more simplistic it is , the more people it reaches out to . 
  that 's what a title is , a hyper-compressed conclusion of the article . 
  that 's exactly why you do n't judge the article by the title . 
  if you think it 's hard to make complaints like these , you 're very wrong . 
  taking your title as an example , people could ( and would today ) think it means spain is taking in too many migrants . 
   not everyone has time for that . 
  not everyone is always clued in on everything . 
  if you do n't have the time to look up the source of an article , do n't put your trust in the article/author . 
  it really is that simple . 
   do n't put the burden the media is supposed to lighten from the people back on the people . 
  by doing that , you are essentially rendering the media obsolete . 
  this is bewildering . 
  mass media is not some benevolent entity , it 's just a type of mass communication and it can be misused just as easily ... a lot easier even than objectively used . 
  do you even think mass media was developed/envisioned with aspirations to spread objective facts ? 
  i 'd argue that human nature disagrees and 99 % would rather use it to misinform the public to push an agenda . 
  which is what 's happening left and right , it 's not a coincidence `` fake news '' is the buzzword ( buzz phrase ? ), 
  of buzzwords today . 
   frankly , the only reason i have time for that is cause i do n't have a social life to speak of outside work . 
  there 's a reason why mistrust for media is increasing , and it 's shit like this . 
  people pushing an agenda by doing something so simple as using an imprecise title . 
  i really ca n't see the agenda the title pushes . 
   there 's a reason why mistrust for media is increasing there should be no `` trust for media '' to start with , i 've explained my reasoning above . 
  is it wrong of me to view china is a more positive light than the us ? 
  sure it has glaring societal issues , but so does the us , they 're just brushed under the carpet . 
   it lacks important information required for properly understanding the context of the protest . 
  that means that in fact , it 's imprecise ( not inaccurate , but imprecise ) . 
  titles are supposed to be like that , concise and accurate . 
  you can complain to them if it really bothers you . 
  articles are not supposed to be judged by the title anyway . 
   you can make an argument that it is the duty of the author to entice . 
  you can also make the argument that this sort of writing baits people into reading the article , because it 's touching on a sore subject and making it seem somewhat more inflammatory that it actually is . 
  this is one of the few instances where i would say `` this is actually clickbait '' . 
  it 's concise and simple . 
  it 's a lot more attractive than `` thousands of spanish citizens gather and protest the spanish government not committing to its agreement of taking in x amount of refugees in year x '' . 
  that 's how titles always have been . 
  you wo n't have food on the table as a journalist if you do n't make your articles attractive . 
  it 's one thing if it 's inaccurate or a straight up lie , but it 's not . 
   i do n't understand the last sentence . 
  i think you 're missing a verb . 
  or maybe even half a sentence . 
  ye i edited it , you were too fast . 
   and they think that , because most people in fact do not read articles anymore , only the headlines . 
  in part because they 're tired of having pro- ( or anti- ) refugee rhetoric shoved down their throats , just so they can get accurate ( ~ ish ) information . 
  when i feel like i 'm misinformed or lost , i just look up the sources , which any sophisticated journalist will include and look the numbers up for myself and make my decision that way . 
   you are mistaken , im avoiding any bubbles . 
  its not easy nowadays . 
  im not even talking about the migrant crisis , i ment the artificially devalued euro . 
  ok  also , i believe every nation should make such decision for themselves , therefore i am not criticising the german or spanish way to do things . 
  on the contrary , i applaud it in earlier post . 
  uh , they can . 
  that 's why countries like latvia , lithuania , slovakia have agreements to take in like 200 migrants each . 
  you definitely have power to influence the immigration . 
   see , if that 's what the title would say , i 'd actually think `` alright , fair enough '' . 
  but that 's not what it sais . 
  it sais `` protesters in barcelona urge spain to take in more refugees '' now , we can argue about what the publication thought when they used that title , rather than `` protesters in barcelona urge spain to keep their word on refugee quota '' , i can see an argument for them wanting to shift opinion in either direction , but i think we can all agree that the imprecise title does n't help the discussion . 
  the title is concise and accurate . 
  if people like you do n't read the article before judging it , that 's not a problem of the author . 
   this has very little to do with `` moving far right '' . 
  more to do with general fatigue of this refugee shit in general , and being told `` you 're far right '' , just cause you do n't want more immigrants . 
  like it or not , this rhetoric has actually pushed people further and further to the right , and i can only see this getting worse . 
  they 've taken in 1 ' 100 refugees and people are pretending they want spain to die when all they want is for them to keep their promise . 
  i do think a person , who , whenever he thinks of a migrant , sees it as a burden or an attack on one 's culture is morally defunct . 
   ruining our countries so german corporations can get a lot of cheap workforce ? 
  where have you been for the last 20 years ? 
  ruining whose countries again ? 
  you fools ca n't even see beyond your far right bubble . 
  people said the same about every migrant crisis . 
  i 've been retold by many yugoslavs i know about how when they came , people had terrible prejudice and slavophobia was very much still alive . 
  they were called gypsies and people spread rumors of they were tearing up their floor to plant fucking potatoes and living off benefits . 
  iranians who mainly came following the revolution had the same problems . 
  today , bosnians and iranians are some of the most educated people in sweden . 
  those who took the most immigrants did better , whether you want to believe it or not . 
  germany has done great and speaking from a swedish point of view , we had huge economic stagnation in the 70s , 45 ~ years later after adopting a liberal immigration policy and i 'm one of 10 million lucky people to live here , in one of the most developed and well off countries in the world . 
  there 's obviously a point where it 's too much , but believe me when i say 1 ' 100 is not too much for spain . 
  why has / r/europe turned so far right , people want to the government to keep their promise to take in the amount of refugees they decided on . 
  they 've taken in less than a 10th of what they agreed on , a grand total of 1 ' 100 refugees . 
  i really hope that people with these shitty attitudes end up changing positions with the syrians , iraqis and afghans one day so they can realize how shitty those sentiments are . 
  i love the netherlands, 
  earlier today ? 
  is it polish now ? 
  yes iz joke, 
  yeah . 
  i do n't listen to radio though , i 'm talking in general when i 'm talking with people irl and watching shows . 
  you do n't know vojvodina 's history . 
  you do n't know where kosovo is on the map . 
  sweet, 
  no fucking shit and you said kosovo is shown as a clear albanian majority , using the old fucking borders as reference . 
  kosovo does not start where albania ends on that map you * ignoramus * , albania 's borders are bigger than they were then .
