  not so sure about that , since he 's not a native english speaker . 
  that 's what i thought as well lol , had to check what sub it was . 
  googling epheurism brings up three results , this one and two from the same thread in another forum from 2002 . 
  pretty safe to say it 's a typo . 
  not sure if serious , but here you go :  a euphemism / \u02c8juf\u0259\u02ccm\u026az\u0259m / is a generally innocuous word or expression used in place of one that may be found offensive or suggest something unpleasant . 
  some euphemisms are intended to amuse ; while others use bland , inoffensive terms for things the user wishes to downplay . 
  euphemisms are used to refer to taboo topics ( such as disability , sex , excretion , and death ) in a polite way , or to mask profanity . 
  our country surely will fall apart now that / u/thulein is gone . 
  let 's brace ourselves for impact . 
  topping the list by far , eh ? 
  oh yes , all these terrorist attacks we are experiencing , i can barely leave my home !, 
  i wish we were more developed as a country , like poland ... said no one ever . 
  but reddit told me sweden is a hellhole ? 
   i pay taxes from the businesses i own and in turn receive protection of those businesses and my private property by a tax-paid state police , judiciary , army etc. 
  where do you think property and currency goes in communism ? 
  disappears into thin air ? 
  i love how you completely disregard the fact that this concept is so widely used * because * of communism . 
  robbery would be you having to pay your king for his lavish living . 
  thanks communism !, 
   pathetic to try and equate that to outright destruction of the very right to own private property or develop private enterprise , as well as the extermination of all who oppose having their existing private property or enterprise taken by force . 
  but logical of an apologetic of the genocidal regimes of the 20th century who did that . 
  i think abolition is a prettier word than destruction , but sure . 
  as for this `` extermination '' you love talking about , people are not exterminated for owning private property or being rich , but can face punishment for not collectivizing it . 
  that 's like saying police exterminates violators of law . 
  police just follow guidelines and if you are willing to give your life to defy them , you might end up dead . 
  equating collectivization to extermination is laughable at best . 
   end of discussion to a communist apologetic like yourself . 
  lol  to anyone who understand and knows what communism requires to create a classless society in practice - and has always done that - the mass extermination of vast swathes of society due to their natural and inborn opposition to being robbed and disposed of all they have since they belong to `` the wrong classes '' . 
  end of discussion . 
  first of all , what extermination ? 
  secondly , do you pay taxes ? 
  yes , you do pay taxes . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  are n't you being `` robbed '' ? 
  you 're talking about a completely different thing now you tool , you were comparing a / r/fullcommunism sub to a / r/fullnazism sub . 
  nazism is an ideology that involves genocide of different religions and `` races '' , communism does not advocate genocide of anyone or anything . 
  end of discussion . 
   semantics , semantics , semantics . 
  by the way , semantics !, 
  - szkwarek sorry to break it to you , but nazism and hitler were not just about having an independent nation . 
  nothing to do with your favorite word , semantics . 
  yes , because seizing the means of production is about the same thing as systematically exterminating millions of people based on their religion or race ... lebensraum yadda yadda . 
  you 're an intelligent one . 
   subreddits like r/fullcommunism you literally used a meme-sub as `` proof '' ... lol . 
  it 's actually ratko mladic on the map , not slobodan milosevic . 
  you love ratko mladic ? 
  interesting, 
  i never even realized l\u00f6fven looks weird . 
  i do n't think anyone waited for any charges when the manchester bombings happened , or when the paris attacks happened etc. 
  dude , do n't stop the fucking circle jerk . 
  i got raped 23 times today while going to the super market , save me right wing politicians : <, 
  they have to be . 
   the 30 million that are now in europe did n't all come by a boat . 
  30 million africans in europe ? 
  sounds a bit high . 
  lol, 
  that does n't look anywhere near lethal . 
  she 's probably fine with the exception of the broken jaw ( obviously ) . 
   in the refugee/migration crisis in 2016 around 30 % of the people were from the balkans . 
  source ? 
  that 's a surprising percentage . 
  wow , that kick actually rendered her unconscious and broke her jaw . 
  good on bulgaria . 
   nah , i 'm tired of all these delusional serbs who think that only albanians can say something ` negative ' about serbia . 
  i see you commenting about serbia way more than any albanian on / r/europe so i ca n't confirm this statement . 
   btw , why are you wearing a swedish flair when most of your comments on this sub are focused on serbia ? 
  you think that it is that hard to notice that you 're serbian ? 
  maybe because i was born and raised in sweden and live here to this very day . 
  butthurt american spotted . 
  what an interesting comment history you 've got there . 
  what is a what thing ? 
  basically everyone but americans discerns practise and practice , i.e your correction is incorrect . 
  nope . 
  practise is a verb , practice is a noun . 
  incoming comment about how x amount of serbs have accused him of being an albanian and how he does n't care about serbia but is there to whine every time it is mentioned . 
  the state of sweden ? 
  seriously now ? 
  sweden is * still * one of the absolute best countries in so many regards , pretending like it 's a post-apocalyptic wasteland is pathetic and dishonest . 
  i have been mind fucked, 
  probably back from when that black guy got raped with a baton by a police officer or some shit . 
  i remember reading something short about it but never looked into it . 
  never even heard of this game, 
   no one said anything about illegal , that 's a rather strong word to use . 
  apparently it 's not too strong when it 's about shaking hands ? 
   but by not talking to a teacher you would get in trouble since it 's hard to get a grade then . 
  would n't it be unfair if that boy ca n't get an education because of that ? 
  the school could help out by getting a male teacher . 
  by not doing that , they would hinder his education , which is a rather hard fine in itself . 
  if he refuses to speak to a teacher and it harms his grades , let him those are his grades . 
  should we outlaw everything that we see as unfitting ? 
   your idea of reasonable , but maybe not theirs . 
  i very much doubt that you had no news in sweden about boys of fundamentalist upbringing refusing to speak with female teachers . 
  what makes it reasonable to expect them to adhere to these expectations anyway ? 
  no idea what you 're saying here , my point is , that you could ask me about different things and we 'd agree to 99 % what 's respectable and what is not . 
  reasonable expectations , like not talking while the teacher is talking . 
  how many people do you think would agree that not shaking hands is disrespectful ? 
  very few . 
  even if it were 100 % , why make it law ? 
  i literally ca n't figure out how anyone can say that it should be illegal to not shake hands . 
   they have another way of defining `` reasonable amount of respect '' , they shake hands .
