  how can you know they did n't instigate and/or doctor the recordings to their liking ? 
   institutions who disagree with me are lying  people who disagree with me are lying better question , what makes you believe there no-go zones based on breitbart articles rather then official statements or personal statements ? 
  i 've been to countless of these supposed `` no-go zones '' and i 've never encountered any problems . 
  surely if there was literally tribal laws or sharia laws there 'd be a shitstorm , but there is n't . 
   no go zone is a place where rule of law ( of sweden ) personified by police does n't work . 
  where it cant be enforced , yes  if police does n't want to patrol or provide security in certain area then its a no go zone . 
  you enter in such area on your own risk , knowing that rule of law ( police ) does n't protect you , but its under different law forms - sharia , some tribal customs etc. 
  whether someone wants to patrol an area is personal and does not make the area a no-go zone . 
  there 's not a single area in sweden where you have to enter , knowing that police wo n't enforce law . 
  it simply does not exist . 
  do you even know what sharia laws mean ? 
  tribal customs ? 
  like what ? 
   and such zones exist in sweden for sure . 
  leave your basement once in a while . 
  yes , they are trying to mend ties with the population and they are increasing police presence , there 's just morons on the internet who want to push their agenda . 
  100 times this . 
  when i try to explain this to people i get a fuckton of downvotes . 
  people really want to believe it . 
  edit : tfw the trumpets wake up and your karma tanks , 
   i did n't edit anything , the quote is direct from the text . 
  i thought you were citing the abstract , which is almost identical to the part you cited . 
   of course i 'm going to quote someone knowledgeable on the subject , it 's called `` providing supporting evidence for your claims '' . 
  of course you 're going to cite someone who 's educated on the subject , but what does it prove ? 
  they do n't even mention an existing resistance movement but a potential one . 
  this was commonplace under ottoman rule . 
   and as can be clearly seen , i provided plenty of evidence contradicting and refuting your claims . 
  did n't refute shit , sorry, 
   i do n't think there 's any dispute that some albanian people benefitted from their public conversion to become high-ranking ottoman leaders ( just like some georgians , armenians , serbs , greeks , etc. , did , as your very own link demonstrates ) . 
  however , that still does n't prove that albanians as such were the most loyal to the ottomans . 
  in fact , albanians resisted and subverted the ottomans whenever they could , as was the case with the greek war of independence . 
  serbia had 9 grand viziers , 6 of whom were kidnapped and brainwashed as boys ( blood tax ) and 1 who was a descendant of another grand vizier , so there were 2 voluntary viziers ... meanwhile , there were 50-odd albanian grand viziers and apparently that 's irrelevant . 
  give me a break . 
   on 26 august 1830 , in the present day city of bitola in macedonia , then called monastir , the grand vizier , reshid pasha , met with five hundred southern albanian beys . 
  reshid pasha lured the albanian leaders to monastir by saying they would be receiving an award for their loyalty to the porte and for helping to fight alongside the ottomans in the greek war of independence . 
  instead , that afternoon , over a thousand ottoman troops killed the five hundred albanian beys and their guards with bayonets . 
  this massacre occurred in order to prevent albanian resistance movements , inspired by their intervention for both the ottomans and the greeks in the greek war of independence and other revolutionary events that had or were occurring in the balkans and in other parts of europe . 
  if you 're citing someone else 's work , do n't edit it . 
  what 's your point ? 
  these types of actions were very prevalent during those times . 
  it 's nice you mentioned the greek war of independence though , where very many albanians fought alongside the ottomans . 
   the ottoman commander in the roumeli was the albanian general omer vrioni who become infamous for his `` greek hunts '' in attica , which was described thus `` one of his favourite amusements was a `` greek hunt '' as the turks called it . 
  they would go out in parties of fifty to a hundred , mounted on fleet horses , and scour the open country in search of greek peasantry , who from might from necessity or hardihood have ventured down upon the plains . 
  after capturing some , they would give the poor creatures a certain distance to start ahead , hoping to escape , and then try the speed of their horses in overtaking them , the accuracy of their pistols in firing at them as they ran , or the keenness of their sabres ' edge in cutting off their heads '' . 
  those not cut down or shot down during the `` greek hunts '' were impaled afterwards when captured . 
  weapons albanians kept from the greek war of independence also allowed them to commit the [ 1901 massacres of serbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1901_massacres_of_serbs ) in the kosovo vilayet . 
   while albanians rose through the ranks of the ottoman apparatus and became viziers and whatnot , some countries/people become outright vassals of the ottoman empire . 
  they completely submitted to the empire , marrying with ottoman men/women , and establishing blood bonds with them . 
  one such case is that of the serbian despot lazarevic 's sister , olivera , who became the wife of the ottoman sultan bayezid . 
  despot lazarevic had earlier agreed to become a vassal of the ottomans , paying annual taxes and sending soldiers for ottoman campaigns . 
  in fact , these bonds created a strong turkophile sentiment among the serbian elites at the time , which lasted for a long time . 
  1 . no shit vassals were a thing 2 . 
  what long-lasting turkophile sentiment ? 
  start including page number , i wo n't read through that whole document to find what you referring to . 
  i love how no one else complained about the comparison but the butthurt lot of you brigaders lolz . 
  cry me a river, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ottoman_grand_viziers ctrl + f `` albanian '' there you go, 
  [ triggered ] ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/images/map-republika-srpska.jpg ), 
  well , the point is that it 's not . 
  it 's not been recognized and it 's a disputed territory . 
  rs is an actual entity , and probably in 20 + years a country or part of serbia . 
  quislings rounding up jews does n't make serbs responsible of genocide , the germans were exclusively responsible for the attempted genocide , mr. handschar . 
  uhm , it says right there that the nazis were exclusively responsible , you 're so incredibly salty it 's hilarious . 
  does n't change the fact that bosniaks and albanians were the most loyal for that reason . 
  because they converted ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd react the same if it said catalonia or slavonia . 
  yes , there were some quislings that helped round up people , but as the quote says , the nazis were exclusively responsible for the attempted extermination of jews . 
  meanwhile y' all in ndh wish you could say the same . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  rs is legal and established . 
  since when is the european union a country ? 
  he was a serb who was born in the austrian empire and lived most of his life in america . 
  i wonder how serbs are related to the serbian nation as well . 
  he obviously was n't serious lol 2 . 
  serbian , as in related to the serbian people . 
  modest requirement ? 
  there 's only 9 countries that spend 2 % or more , two of which are in the eu . 
  2 % might be modest for americans who spend a ridiculous amount , but not for most of the world . 
   yeah and kosovo is a legal country it 's a disputed territory . 
   and no i did not make this thread , but it easily proves the point that there is no winning side when it comes to the balkans , everyone has their own agenda . 
  i meant you as in plural . 
  your friend made it and you brigaded with some other guys from the bosnian discord . 
  well yes but chetnik is a lot more straight forward , mini russian gets upvoted here sometimes , chetnik wouldnt . 
  interesting . 
  what book did you use ? 
  okay ? 
  so they were serbs , meaning it 's a serbian song . 
   i 'm not obliged to bring you facts , you can search on your own never did i say that , but you 're talking about some continued alliance but decided to provide no sources . 
  i 'm glad to finish this here and just go on thinking you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   no i do n't give a shit about you nor i talk about you very often and i have never said anything negative regarding any country on this sub , serbia included https://redditcommentsearch.com/ search query : serb ( `` match whole words '' ** unchecked ** ) username : mindalero 76 results . 
  that 's quite a lot of mentions for someone who doesnt give a shit about serbs or rarely talks about them . 
  7 months old account , so an astonishing 1 comment every 3rd day containing `` serb '' . 
   no , thats an oversimplification , the video  contains serb army soldiers is a tribute to radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 ( yeah , the war criminal ) yes  the lyrics include `` karadzic will lead the serbs '' and `` be afraid , ( croatian ) fascists and turks '' , implying the croatians are the fascist and the bosniaks are turks . 
  uh , yes . 
  the song is about the vrs and whatnot , but they also talk about croats etc. 
  the remove kebab meme was created online and the meme does n't have to have the same meaning as the video . 
  the remove kebab is used in far more instances than just when talking about bosniaks , proven by this thread . 
  a meme is what people make it . 
   you 'll find that serbs calling bosniaks ` turks ' is basically an insult , considering they 're not actually turks . 
  they 're the same people as the bosnian serbs , just with a different religion .
