  i said there were more after it than before it . 
  which is still wrong . 
  it existed because the serbs were there . 
  bosnia was part of austro-hungary in ww1 and committed genocide , so bosnia should n't exist either then . 
  it has to do with the switch in demographics . 
  serbs were not a majority in bosnia after ww2 . 
   bosnia existed before the world wars , it existed after it . 
  part of austro-hungary and yugoslavia . 
   there were more serbs in bosnia after wwii than before it . 
  nope , but even if they were , it 'd just be shitty border drawing and shows why your borders are fucked and serbs should be let to secede . 
   no areas were ethnically carved out in a quasi-state that continued to exist after wwii . 
  every area was ethnically targeted and called for the extermination of serbs , but were stopped . 
  as for `` existing after ww2 , '' the only thing rs still has from the 90s is the name . 
  please spare me the time by not posting your low effort responses , really a waste of time . 
   because `` muslims '' were forced to say they are serbs in the census no they were n't lol , straight up fucking propaganda . 
  800k muslims yet they were forced to say they were serbs ... okay . 
   also bosniaks were n't allowed to call themselves as bosniaks . 
  sure you were , no one just used those words . 
  everyone called them muslims because it was n't clear cut who was what after ottoman liberation . 
  this was commonplace everywhere , like in crete where all the muslims after liberation were called turks regardless of ethnicity . 
   keep spewing serbian alternative facts please  more like common knowledge . 
  cringey historical accuracy is cringey . 
   they were n't all killed in bosnia . 
  what is wrong with you ??? 
  30k bosniaks were n't killed in modern day rs either , but rather all over the country . 
  shitty argument after shitty argument . 
  nowhere , so why do you mention it ? 
   i suppose you have to mention every other instance on earth when talking about a certain topic or else you 're a `` hypocrite '' ? 
  quit your bullshit . 
  it 's called being consistent ; not having double standards . 
  probably a foreign concept to you . 
   germans have apologized and distanced themselves from nazism . 
  so has serbia . 
   serbs are doing the opposite , they cheer for the war criminals as heroes nah lol  still have ambitions to secede rs from bosnia . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
   yeah , they did n't . 
  well , 2 million bosniaks did n't die in the 90s to serbs either , problem solved , huh ? 
   but since a crime committed 100 years ago apparently makes it justified to commit crimes today never tried to justify committing crimes , but rather justify self-determination , which apparently everyone has rights to . 
   we are n't talking about wwi or wwii , we are talking about the events of the 1990s . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen you discuss this topic without some whataboutism involving the world wars . 
  if rs ca n't exist because of 30k dead bosniak civilians , how can bosnia exist despite 2 million serbs in ww1 and ww2 ? 
  so rs can secede if they change their name then ? 
   there were more serbs in bosnia after ww2 than before it , but keep up your lies . 
  not really . 
  [ compare '61 to ' 71 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina#1961 ) . 
  even then , that 's called poorly drawn borders , ya know . 
  what are you , a genocide denier ? 
  nice . 
   this is like saying that germany as it is today is responsible for the things their ancestors have done . 
  2 hours ago you did n't seem to have any problems holding rs today responsible for what happened in the 90s ... interesting double standards . 
   vojvodina was also a part of the ndh , does this mean that serbs killed 2 million serbs ? 
  your logic is so flawed it defies reason . 
  bosniaks were n't systematically killed like serbs were , so no . 
  that was just an answer to your question if 2 million serbs died * in * bosnia . 
   serbia declared independance first declared independence how ? 
   and then began ethnic cleansing in neighboring countries which effectively turned every countries against them . 
  croatia in bosnian war ? 
  montenegro was where ? 
   because serbia committed war crimes , they lost all claims on neighboring countries in the eyes of the international community . 
  it 's quite similar to the way germany shrunk in 1945 . 
  no war crimes were committed from the sides of bosnia or croatia ? 
  interesting . 
   what on earth does bosnia have to do with that ? 
  are you telling me that 2 million serbs died in bosnia ? 
  that 's obviously bullshit . 
  ww1 bosniaks were part of and fought for austro-hungary . 
  ww2 part of ndh as muslim croats and helped massacre serbs again . 
  bosnia was a part of ndh , so yes . 
  croatia does exist . 
  what you 're telling me is that if rs changes name it has the right to self-determination ? 
  nice . 
   where the fuck did / u/neutral _ fellow say anything about kosovo ? 
  nowhere , but it 's called being consistent . 
  your argument does n't hold water and it 's as simple as that . 
  you 're being a hypocrite , 
   whataboutism my argument is shit , but if you point that out , it 's * whataboutism * . 
  screw being consistent when you can cry wolf instead . 
  every time someone points out your shit arguments you start whining about whataboutism ... really ? 
  it 's called inconsistency , 
   irelevant to the discussion ndh doesnt exist croatia does exist , actually . 
   and all of the criminals have been punished . 
  10/10 historical accuracy  let 's ignore their summers in south america   ( and arent celebrated unlike in serbia ) again , that 's some hilarious shit . 
  that 's why singers like thompson have so much attention and that 's also why president of croatia from 2000-2010 called the creation of ndh a victory for croats or how he claimed jasenovac was a work camp rather than a death camp :d, 
   do n't point out my double standard and faulty argument , it 's * whataboutism !, 
  bosniaks have everything to do with ww1 and ww2 , you obviously have n't studied your history , 
  something something , up to 2 million dead serbs in ww1 and ww2 . 
  you do n't like counting that ? 
   what a vile comment . 
  what do you mean `` hiding behind '' ? 
  srebrenica is the worst crime in europe after the holocaust . 
   32000 bosniak civilians died , and 4000 serbs did , and you want to turn this into a level playing field ? 
  why start counting from there ? 
  count the up to 2 million dead serbs in ww1 and ww2 and start talking about `` level playing field '' . 
   may i ask you why you think it 's okay to be rewarded for genocide ? 
  thank you . 
  upwards of 2 million serbs died during ww1 and ww2 , yet bosnia is independent , 
   the only reason it exists is because of removing a large group of people i.e. 
  oh yes , 800 ' 000 serbs were forcibly moved there during the 90s ... wait no , serbs have been living there for ages . 
  just like kosovo , bosnia , croatia , montenegro , macedonia , slovenia all needed support of everyone in the country ... oh wait, 
   only when it comes to ethnic political entities with historical prerogative .
