  gay and lesbians also want children you know, 
  and if those qualified individuals vote for the genocide of non heterosexual people , what do ? 
  it 's more three to five percent depending on the studies ( and some even go higher ) , which would concern 210 million to 350 million people , bisexual people excluded . 
  around 36000, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.vie-publique.fr/decouverte-institutions/institutions/fonctionnement/president-republique/comment/qui-peut-devenir-president-republique.html ), 
  that 's what happened in 1985 . 
  did n't turn out well . 
  the bond between mps and constituents is already weak in france . 
  for once a sane comment . 
  you do n't need a referendum to change it to a proportional system . 
  just a law as far as i see . 
  exactly my feeling too . 
  m\u00e9lenchon has worked too hard these past five years to be solely the prime minister of a relatively young , former hollande minister , ps candidate . 
  you are putting aside their egos . 
   amnesty of fran\u00e7ois mitterrand the french president does n't have the power to give amnesty ( he can pardon , but be precise please ) . 
  but i will just argue that no one really believes that the ps is n't corrupt . 
  they 're just slightly less corrupt than the right ( which i believe is true ) , or more discreet about it ( i do n't think they 're intelligent enough for that ) . 
  what apocalyptic non-sense you can read on reddit . 
  it 's always with the polish you start having discussions on lgbt rights on / r/europe . 
  sometimes a few hungarians , here and there . 
  the 49.3 can be used only once per parliamentary session ( excluding finance laws ) . 
  if she wants to do that , it will be limited in time . 
  no , french guiana is a * r\u00e9gion * . 
  i would n't call him a communist , but a very charismatic socialist and the only one that can give fruitful debates . 
  but some of his stances can really put people off . 
  thing is , even if hamon is pro-eu , m\u00e9lenchon is not ( but he 's another kind of anti-eu , he wants * really * deep reforms and renegotiations of the treaties if i remember well ) , so the left is also divided on the eu too . 
  see the french left as always divided and never able to agree on anything . 
  if they agreed to form a coalition , they would win much , much more elections ( but they do n't ) . 
  actually , if hamon and m\u00e9lenchon would ally together ( some in / r/france are currently really fancying this ) , this pair would certainly win the elections . 
  / r/france is almost completely left-leaning , almost the complete opposite of reddit politically-wise . 
  m\u00e9lenchon-hamon have great support on the subreddit . 
  macron is seen an opportunist , an empty shell and an evil liberal banker , and the traditional right ( fillon ) is evil and corrupt to the core ( which , to be fair , is a truth universally acknowledged in french politics ) . 
  / r/europe 's love for macron is probably due to the fact that he is pro-europe and economically liberal without being a traditional right-winger with socially regressive views . 
  to me , a typical centrist , or what a centrist should be . 
  ... okay . 
  he 's a typical centrist ( to me , anyway , loads of people on / r/france will differ though ) . 
  for anyone who actually follow french politics , he 's not a left-wing politician . 
   populist center left that 's a political oxymoron . 
   hamon , macron are all to left wing to me ahah , even i , centre-left leaning and macron supporter , will admit that macron is not left-wing at all . 
  he 's not member of the ps , which is a pretty good reason too, 
  how to trigger / r/france : say macron pr\u00e9sident !, 
  you do n't even need to go more to the right . 
  i wish we could change ours . 
  it 's quite boring . 
  i am quite astonished that such a trivial ban is triggering almost the whole of reddit . 
  frexit = magnifique france and qu\u00e9bec alliance !, 
  federalists are n't very salty ; for most of them the uk has always been the cancer of the eu ... 
  it 's kinda a good thing for some of them that the uk is leaving, 
  how come, 
  that certainly does n't exclude macron though, 
  and i 've always thought that there are no longer diphthongues in french . 
  right of the right is sarkozy and fillon . 
  left of the right is jupp\u00e9 . 
  extreme right is le pen . 
  that 's how it works in france . 
   do you really think that you will convince someone again , if you read my comments , i 'm not trying to convince anyone . 
  convincing someone about political issues is impossible on reddit . 
  and it 's mentally exhausting to argue with people from this side of the political spectrum . 
  giving your opinion is not about convincing , it 's about showing that yours differ . 
  the politicians have to convince , not me . 
  have discussed on r/europe with a frontist . 
  i said everyone would be better off if this part of the population just admitted that they do n't like lots of types of people . 
  that deepdown , they 're kinda racist and xenophobic . 
  it was n't a reproach from my part , just a thought . 
  and you know what ? 
  she agreed . 
  people should embrace their true colors . 
   they do n't convince other people that they are true and what if we 're not actually trying to convince anyone and just putting words on what is objectively true ? 
   hint : approximately nobody thinks they 're racist or xenophobic . 
  so a big chunk of the french population is approximately nobody . 
  as far as i can see , the `` d\u00e9diabolisation '' has n't worked and the general opinion on the party has stayed the same . 
  are you trying to tune out all those people who are convinced they are xenophobic , racist and homophobic ? 
  so even if they 're true , we should n't use these words because other countries fucked up ? 
  this rhetoric is getting old . 
  `` i 'm not homophibic at all , see , i have this friend who happens to be gay ... '', 
  like president obama not being american , am i right ? 
   un nouveau qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois that is interesting ;d, 
  does the money go in the finances of the respective countries ? 
  the power of dissolution can politically kill the president , as well as introduce a majority that opposes the president , plus , the dissolution is limited constitutionally . 
  quoting yourcenar , have an upvote . '', 
  all the philosophy of the world will not be enough to erase slavery ; at most it would have another name . '', 
  is my favorite quote from the book . 
  5 years, 
  stop saying that no one saw fillon winning . 
  plenty of polls the last few days showed him leading . 
  i would have been happy for fillon winning if he had n't tried to lick the anti-gay movement for months . 
  i hope he wo n't change a thing in regards of this matter . 
   the french system is close to the american system , though the executive branch is not as strong it 's actually the opposite . 
  the french president has considerable powers and can put great pressure on mps if they 're in the same political party which is usually the case . 
  duverger called the french presidency '' republican monarchy '' . 
  i live in france . 
  i would know . 
  and i know that the bac usually goes in those places instead of the normal police . 
  and we have very insightful reports on the matter and how the police works in there . 
  so no , there are no no-go zones in france , sorry . 
   gay people probably make up less than 2 % of the european population it 's actually 3 to 5 for gays ( some even go higher ) , always a bit less for lesbians . 
   yet they are over-represented on tv and in movies , are they in the netherlands ? 
  is it intrinsically a bad thing though ? 
   huge no go zones like for instance in france , do you watch fox news by any chance ? 
  where the hell can you find in any of my comments that i am just hating the brits ?
