i feel bad for the british , as they were simply fed lies . 
  however i would be quite happy when the uk definitely leaves , it is one of the few countries that hinders more european integration , without mentioning the special treatment it has . 
  only the fn is blaming the eu . 
  the majority of people who are dissatisfied are not blaming the eu , but the successive governments ' economic policies . 
  the french do not particularly love the eu , but we generally do n't want to get out . 
  the majority here just want big reforms as to the functioning of the eu . 
  please , explain how she would win ? 
  genuine question . 
  personally , i will wait for the results of our right wing primary to eventually join those who denigrate the people saying that france will be next . 
  we can rightfully be arrogant here , because the people who wants to donaldify france on reddit do not know at all how it works here . 
  donald people would only be able to cheer if sarkozy wins the primary , due to how much we hate him . 
  for all other outcomes , france will have very little chance to fall into a brexit or donald kind of idiocy . 
   suffrage universel direct uninominal majoritaire \u00e0 deux tours you could have written the english equivalent , that is , a two-round system . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%a9put%c3%a9_fran%c3%a7ais#a you should inform yourself on the topic . 
  if you count that this way , most of our senators are elected within 4 rounds . 
  france does n't have a winner takes all system . 
  we have a two round system for almost everything . 
  yeah , the burqini ban which was put in place in 15 + cities on the 36k that counts france , and overruled by the administrative supreme court . 
  so fascist . 
  really . 
  then how was alain jupp\u00e9 able to teach there after he was condemned ? 
  pupils can take catalan as an option ( as i see that competitive examination to become a catalan teacher exists ) . 
  of course i do n't think that catalan threatens french in any way . 
  simply that it 's not the problem of the french state . 
  well you have a very basic and narrow definition of democracy . 
  in a democracy such as ours , the majority rules . 
  what 's more the state rules for everyone in the frame of the constitution that defines it . 
  our constitution recognizes no specific culture . 
  so no state aid to revive the catalan culture . 
  no recognition of the catalan language as an official language . 
  if you want to revive your culture , do it yourself . 
  people complain about nanny states , but some people ask for even more ... 
   it actually is your problem . 
  how so ? 
  not my problem if the spanish do n't respect their constitution . 
  i really do n't care about how spanish deal with it . 
  we 're talking about france . 
  it 's not our problem if catalan culture is dying or whatever . 
  well , it 's not happening . 
  i mean , it 's basic french republican tradition :  article 1  france shall be an indivisible republic . 
  therefore no communities with specific treatment from the state . 
   article 2  the language of the republic shall be french . 
  an adminstrative region is simply called occitanie and you call that destruction , whereas you can find signs in french catalonia reading `` pays catalan '' when you you enter it ... what do you want the french state to do ? 
  one point of his economic programme is basically :  inject 100 billion in the economy  ??? 
  what did he say ? 
  we can only hope that fillon obviously losing will force their ( sane ) voters to vote for macron rather than le pen . 
  it 's sad we need to count on fillonists supporters to save the eu . 
  populism of the left and the right are at maximum capacity in this election , unfortunately . 
  yes , but his opponents usually circlejerk about his not having any programme even though he has one . 
  this is one of the main argument of the melenchonists on r/france for instance , and a very weak one as you can imagine . 
  no it 's not harder to sell as people usually view civil servants in a bad light . 
  he just wants not to replace retiring civil servants in local collectivities . 
  they 're employing too many anyway . 
   put simply , to me it 's the will of the financial/corporation world dominating the will of the people and their governments . 
  which is not what macron is advocating for . 
  but you have to live with corsicans, 
  i would personally love it . 
  and it would n't work anyway . 
  our presidents are womanizers ; they have mistresses , hidden children , die of a blowjob , they are single , divorced , they cheat on their girlfriend in the middle of their mandate ... and nobody gives a fuck . 
  a gay president ? 
  it would spice things up . 
  people would make jokes about it . 
  how would we call his husband or his boyfriend ? 
  premier monsieur ? 
  but in the end , very few people would care . 
  first , i did not say that you had little knowledge as to the muslim world , but your arguments led me to believe so , thus why i used '' seem '' . 
  indeed i do not know you enough . 
  you base your arguments on legislations and not on the social acceptance of homosexuality . 
  i am arguing that a significant part of muslims do n't care , and do n't act as bad as eastern europeans do , regardless of legislations . 
  i am talking about everyday interactions . 
  though i am certainly not saying that muslims are all gay friendly , but gay friendliness among them is certainly not rare . 
  you seem to have very little knowledge as to how the muslim world is diverse . 
  and i would n't take pew polls as example of the * french * muslim population , which i am more enclined to talk about . 
  if we were to speak about the anti-lgbt sentiment , i would be indeed wary of muslims to some extent , but also wary of poles and eastern europeans too . 
  but there 's a trend to put them all in the same bag , whereas a lot of them are `` fine '' with it ; as fine as for instance a big chunk of reddit : the kind of people who `` do n't care '' . 
  most of them indeed `` do n't care '' or do not care enough for it to be consequential . 
  you keep waving the `` neoliberalism '' flag but i do n't think you know what it means . 
  if you think that the current ps is neoliberal ... 
  he 's also constitutionally bound to preserve the continuity of the state and the application of treaties , as well as the best interest of the french people . 
  all of which would be more or less threatened under a le pen presidency . 
  and the president is * de facto * a politician because he will in one way or another participate in politics . 
  my two cents as a gay french guy : my best friend is muslim and i found out that moderate muslims seem to be very gay friendly . 
  it is sad however that the fn has targeted these families , mixing them with hardcore muslims , when often they very much dislike each other . 
  political scientists study statistics , trends , opinions shifting , demographics . 
  you 'll never read a political scientist as opinionated as to write `` this or this is facist because ... '' . 
  if one wants to argue that the fn is a facsist party , then you should compare what the fn advocates for in correlation with the definition of fascism . 
  it seems to me that the fn used to be indeed fascist-like pre-marine . 
  and it seems to be quite ironical to complain about arguments ad nauseam when yourself writes arguments ad hominem . 
  people moaning about the french `` elites '' usually moan about ena ( or to a lower extend , hec ) alumni . 
  since when are those mutually exclusive ? 
  i can only count two or three hardcore communist french redditor who are vocal about it . 
  the others are just normal left-leaning people . 
  but as usual you have a tendency to hyperbolize anything and everything . 
  ( and voting m\u00e9lenchon is not a proof of being a communist . ), 
  i am more enclined to think that they disappeared because they wanted to , not because of outside circumstances . 
  politicians who suffer from harsh political blows who want to come back always do , even though weaker . 
  and raffarin is still politically active , as far as i know . 
  politicians careers never die in france, 
  he repeatedly said he does n't want to get involved in the eu for now . 
   a person rejects the biological imperative of reproduction .
