  you finally agree on that . 
  if you actually cared to read and understand what i 've written so far we would n't have lost time on that . 
  and yeah , our healthcare is kinda better because it 's not a financial burden on us , or not as much of a burden as it is for some americans . 
  we ' have n't even been through the debate `` should everyone get healthcare '' like in decades . 
  that 's a complete misunderstanding of hollande 's record you have here . 
  he overall raised taxes for the rich ( and there is n't an exodus of millionaires , that 's some british media bullshit as usual ) . 
  he put some tax cuts on businesses . 
  he did n't add flexibility to the jobs market , that 's what macron is going to do . 
  overall the french economy was n't stimulated but stagnated . 
  i advice you get better sources on french stuff . 
  [ the number of millionaires in france is increasing ] ( http://bfmbusiness.bfmtv.com/monde/l-incroyable-envolee-du-nombre-des-millionnaires-francais-en-2015-1008095.html ), 
   spying on germans for europe , because merkel is a snake in the grass spreading fascism by stamping out free speech under the guise of `` hate speech '' . 
  * facepalm *  so because france gives some stuff to the baltics that means that the us does n't spend 70 % of the nato defense ? 
  i did n't realize that 's how facts worked for liberals . 
  it 's an example among others that the us is not indispensable  they are not nothing , just significantly less . 
  also see back to my previous comment on nuclear weapons , because the west having them sure did n't help crimea at all . 
  crimea was always predominantly russian and russian speaking and was almost like a gift to ukraine after the fall of the soviet union ; ukraine \u2260 baltics or finland  because the us did n't create the league of nations ( only to have europe fuck that up ) and then the united nations ? 
  oh and lets not forget nato . 
  the lon failed miserably because of the american senate ; the un was a british-american project ( stop saying you 're doing everything on your own ) , that has little to do with peace in europe postwar . 
  one can even say it failed ( yougoslavia ) . 
   oh the thing made after the united nations , the thing that is primarily an economic union and was n't designed as a military alliance . 
  it 's an economic and political union to prevent war , because wars always have an economic basis ??? 
  you know , crises leading to populism and stuff ? 
  open a book ? 
   nope it looks like you have n't learned yet friendo . 
  if you sit down at a restaurant and order a meal that is free , but the restaurant charges you $ 50 for the seat , is your meal free ? 
  your argument is that yes the meal technically is free because that 's not what you 're paying for . 
  my argument is that the meal is not free because you have to pay the underlying costs to eat it . 
  i was never saying that healthcare was free or whatever , just saying that america has little to do with our better system , smh . 
  otherwise i would n't have argued that taxes make healthcare work . 
  i do n't know , open a book ? 
  american education in all its splendour . 
  like you do know what i said but you pretend i said something else because you know that you 're wrong but you do n't want to admit it :d, 
   yes and yes . 
  now you 're starting to get the picture . 
  spying on germans favor germans , okei . 
   my argument has always been that an increase in military spending would lead to higher taxes which means individuals pay more , you know because of the higher taxes ? 
  good attempt at trying to make it seem like you have n't been fighting that argument this entire time . 
  i said that first , too :p  with each response my thoughts on education cuts become more and more serious . 
  if you do n't think that russia has been trying to expand west throughout its entire history then clearly you need better history classes . 
  and if the country providing 70 % of the nato defense funding suddenly leaves ? 
  that sure seems like a prime opportunity to annex some helpless countries while europe tries to get its shit together . 
  actually france ( and probably other countries ) are currently providing military stuff to the baltics , i think it was estonia ( outside of nato , i do n't know ) , so yeah you 're wrong ( again ) . 
  the rule seems to be if the usa is n't there to spend money , then other countries do . 
   see previous comment . 
  if we only planned on using a few bases and missiles if europe were to be attacked then it would n't be a deterrent at all . 
  that 's assuming that the combined nato force putting aside the us , as well as british and french nuclear deterrent are nothing ( which they are not , obviously ) . 
   i guess you 've already forgotten what my initial comment was . 
  i said that europe overly relies on the us to protect them . 
  europe overly relies on the us because it knows the us will act anyway ( even with trump i suppose , his councillors are probably much more intelligent and he seems to be easily influenced ) . 
  though i agree that being more independent would be nice too . 
   but you all can never seem to keep it straight without us having to step in . 
  intra-european wars are now long gone ( not thanks to you ) , but thanks to the eu ( which i do n't think you know what it actually is ) we are now too tightly economically linked together that war between us has become impossible . 
  you 're only sustaining a paranoia with russia because it 's the us 's archenemy . 
  and the us is also afraid of a rapprochement with russia , which is also very possible . 
  and even if you managed to focus on your own country , it seems that you would fail : see past year until now . 
  europe is the scapegoat for some americans . 
  but i think now we finally agree that your healthcare argument was just plain demagoguery . 
  maybe we could carry on our ways ? 
   you 're being dumb again . 
  the us is part of nato so anything it spends on itself benefits nato . 
  so for instance an american base in indonesia somehow benefits nato ? 
  spending on espionage to spy on germany would somehow benefit nato i assume then ? 
   hey i 'm glad you 've finally seen the light and agree with me . 
  it was n't that hard to actually read what i was writing now was it ? 
  i believe i wrote that first , but you brushed it off as you did with many of other facts i wrote :p  the last thing europe needs is education cuts apparently . 
  this is off topic , because this was given as an example  i could also made a similar useless comment saying that the last thing russia would need to do is to invade the baltics , which you think she would do in an instant if you the us were to go , which is laughable . 
   i did n't realize the us military was made up of a few soldiers :( i do n't really know if you understand english at this point , but i was referring to the bases in eastern europe . 
  as far as i know not the entire american army is based in poland ? 
   it must be nice to be so smug knowing that we 'll be there to bail your asses out , again . 
  it 's like dealing with a retarded cousin that your mom makes you play with . 
  the sad part is you think we somehow take so many advantages out of few bases and missiles , not to acknowledge your own issues ; even if partaking in our defense is in your interest first , which you seem not to be aware . 
   i never said europe would become third world , just that life would n't be so peachy sunshine if you actually had to pay for the same shit we do . 
  life is n't peachy sunshine in europe , european just knows how to handle centralised healthcare as opposed to the us ; or know how private healthcare can actually benefit people like in the netherlands . 
   yes , everyone knows that the time to spend on your military is when you 've already been attacked . 
  how silly of me . 
  you 're being dumb again . 
  only a fraction of your 600 billion go to nato . 
  missile shields in romania and poland as well as few bases do n't cost 600 billion . 
   but unless you 're raising taxes on everyone then something needs to be cut . 
  that 's what i said too ... 
  even though you seemed to read what i 've written , you still managed to contradict me , and then agree with me ? 
  remember the cuts in justice and education i mentioned ? 
  cognitive dissonance . 
  the troll is here is the one who actually thinks he 's paying too much for europe , whereas the only thing you 're actually doing is being a deterrent with few soldiers and missiles here and there , and the article 5 of nato which does the trick . 
  you just need to understand that our institutions are simply better , blame yourself , not us . 
   the us compensates for europe 's military thus freeing up taxes to pay for it and b. 
  profits on pharmaceuticals are high enough in the us that it helps alleviate the cost in europe . '', 
  we now know that the a part was wrong , and i agreed on the b part in another comment . 
  i was only arguing on the your `` a '' part that ca n't be proved ( or easily disproved with reading even few wikipedia pages ) . 
  it 's settled !, 
   nato dissolves , what happens next ? 
  well those countries neighboring russia are left without any support so either russia annexes them while the rest of europe watches or they become a satellite state . 
  either one allows russian influence to expand and with their border more secure they would be willing to take more aggressive actions on the world stage . 
  in my country we call that political fiction . 
  there 's nothing much to say about people who think they can predict the future . 
   and again this goes back to my initial statement that the quality of life in europe would be reduced due to more money needing to be pumped into military spending . 
  i never disagreed on that , but i do think you 're overestimating the degradation of the quality of life that it could trigger . 
   seems like you do n't understand how nato works . 
  each country is supposed to pull it 's own weight .
