  it 's quite the opposite . 
  i am objectively pointing out the very things i read everyday on reddit . 
  is there any reason i should hate you though ? 
  i mean , you seem to comment on r/europe often , but you 've completely oblivious to the fact that the only people here being edgy about france always have a british flair . 
  and i am not offended at all , quite the opposite . 
  if you could stop caring about us that much we would be very glad . 
  and never have i seen french people being so hung up on the british ; i mean , even when you throw a fit on topics like calais , i usually do n't see french people being `` so hung up '' , quite the opposite , in fact . 
  you will find french people being hung up on topics like the elections , history and politics . 
  never on the british . 
  thank you very much for your pieces of advice as to what i should read , but as far as i can see , what you are advocating for is simply not true today . 
  you 'll always have old people having strong opinions on the us , and far less on the uk ( even though they people on reddit entertain the idea that we care about the british ) , but the majority of our society , the new generations , and as far as foreign policy is concerned , shifted their opinion towards europe , north africa and the middle east . 
  saying that we are `` perenially obsessed with the uk and the us '' was likely true after wwii . 
  but the adverb perenially would certainly not be the right word . 
  your comment is very odd to me , everywhere on reddit i see british and american people `` french bashing '' very often whereas french people , though their comments are always policitized , do not seem as entitled as the british especially , on r/europe mostly . 
   a substantial part of the french lives perennially obsessed with the uk and the us no . 
  nathalie kosciusko-morizet of course !, 
   of course you are not native if you do n't have ancestral ties to france . 
  i think it 's crazy that a magrehbian or even a pole would consider themselves native . 
  how can you not know what a native means ? 
  every country and region has a long established population . 
  if i moved to japan and lived there for 25 years i would n't be native , i 'd be a frenchwoman living in japan . 
   i know this is racist to many but let 's face it , one must pick a side and stick to it . 
  i mean you could 've said it * right * at the beginning so that i would n't have lost my time . 
  and to say that people like you do n't like it when we correctly say that you are racist . 
  in this regard , i wish more people would be like you and accept the fact that they are racists . 
  life , in a way , would be simpler . 
  what you are saying is also very interesting because it is also paradoxical , in a way . 
  you are so anti-french in your ideas , and how you discard century-old french ideals such as `` it shall ensure the equality of all citizens before the law , without distinction of origin , race or religion . '', 
  by dividing people who are french natives ( what does that even mean , i was born in france but i have zero french blood , am i a native or not ? 
  then , what am i ? 
  i mean , i know the answer for people who think like you but still ) , and those who are not . 
  i however think that it 's not even a question of being of french descent for you . 
  let 's face it : it 's a question of skin color . 
  simply because you would have nothing to say about those countless people who are descendants of italian , polish , belgian , spanish immigrants . 
  and people who are not white ( i am not ) are very aware of that . 
  that 's why `` non-whites '' as you call them , will never see a real appeal in voting for her . 
  people are not that idiotic concerning the fn , they remember what they did ( and still do , with marion le pen ) . 
  i 'm always asking this question , genuinely , and here we go again : could you tell me how mlp could possibly win in 2017 ? 
  here is a typical example of the very odd obsidional feeling that affect lepenists . 
  it is interesting to see that this seems to be of a more marion le pen kind of ideology though . 
  marine does n't seem to go that far anymore . 
   a staff and a budget from the public purse only starting with carla bruni , if i remember well . 
  did n't know nudes only concerned women, 
  til, 
  i 'm actually surprised to have received that much upvotes, 
  czech hunter, 
  not sure france would want wallonia and even less walloons wanting to join france, 
   french basque country or french catalonia , that have literally 0 autonomy why would they ? 
  no regions/territory will be given this kind autonomy ( except new caledonia and to a lower extent french polynesia ) whether it be occitania or brittany . 
  that 's not how france works . 
  the budget of our justice is low and tribunals are crumbling down . 
  inaccurate irony, 
  easiest way to trigger polish people into arguing , with chopin and gay stuff , at least on reddit . 
  many, 
  parties send only some mps to vote and rightfully so . 
  why gather 100 + opposition mps when you know the law will be voted/rejected ? 
  there 's always this `` booo they never show up they 're never there '' , whereas the truth is more complex . 
  are n't father 's and mother 's day more commercial than anything ? 
  he 's come back over / r/france , yeah . 
  so edgy, 
  coalitions were never a big thing in french politics ; the size of the french parliament is already quite big compared to other countries . 
  macron said he was n't against introducing partially proportionality , like in the 80s . 
  i do n't think that 's a priority though . 
  he will however reduce the number of senators and `` deputies '' for the next elections . 
  the president of senate can request a qpc too , if i am correct . 
  ( and the cour de cassation and the conseil d'\u00c9tat ), 
  and young people . 
   the senate i mostly agree with you but the senate is seldom a counterpower . 
   i 'm scared that in the first months they will basically follow orders until they realize how to do their new jobs . 
  mps have to follow orders from their party , this is how it works . 
  most of the time . 
   besides , most of the people that will be elected are inexperience . 
  [ not really true ] ( https://www.lesechos.fr/elections/republique-en-marche/030345545934-legislatives-a-quoi-ressemble-vraiment-un-candidat-en-marche-2088728.php ) . 
  most of them had some kind of political experience . 
   they might reform the constitution to make the electoral systems a bit more proportional you do n't need to reform the constitution to introduce proportionality . 
   but i do n't care melenchon will win in 4 years it 's 5 years ; and i wonder why you think m\u00e9lenchon will win and if he even will run again ? 
   reddit , usually pretty left what, 
  not op but if there 's one school you should n't take as an example it 's sciencespo . 
  it 's like a thing of its own . 
  i wonder where you studied , i saw none of those free text books you 're talking about, 
  which one ? 
   oh damn i thought you got it by now . 
  remember how i said before how if europe had to take over the $ 600bn defense spending to be on par with the us in deterrence that the general quality of life would decrease ? 
  but keep on thinking that your system is so great when it relies on another country taking care of your defense spending . 
  remember when a fraction of those 600 billion went to europe ? 
  can you read ? 
   glad to see you 've shown your true colors finally . 
  this type of excuse making is exactly what would happen if russia started knocking down neighbors , not your go to tactic of `` the nukes will stop em ! '', 
  i 'm taking things in a case by case basis . 
  the ukraine situation is totally different from a baltic invasion , open some wikipedia pages . 
   that must be some of that alternate history they 're teaching over there . 
  the us was n't ever in the league of nations , so how is it our fault that it failed ? 
  oh yeah i guess that goes back to my point of europe needing the us to hold its hand in everything . 
  the lon failed because wilson failed to get the us in . 
  read up on it ( again ) . 
  and as far as i know the us does n't hold the hand of the eu and so far it 's faring way better than the un  we may be on our way to severe the close ties with the us , little by little . 
  you should be happy about that . 
   the argument has been whether the us leaving nato would adversely affect the european economy , of which healthcare falls under . 
  that 's what i 've been arguing this entire time , but it 's cute how you keep trying to divert the argument to `` well ours is better  '' . 
  so we 've seen that it would affect it by probably raising taxes but not to an unsustainable level .
