  hollande promised the same thing but backtracked . 
  it 's my understanding that the danish and swedish model are a bit different though . 
  some argue that macron wants the danish model of flexibility + security , but only the flexibility part really translates in the reforms he has in mind . 
  yes . 
  valls banned some of his shows , he also ran with a guy that tried to slap valls . 
  there 's a problem with the influence of the executive on the judiciary , that 's for sure . 
  but i do n't see why a fully independent judiciary would n't have investigated the same . 
  why would people lose their shit about investigations on suspicion of embezzlement , even if they were to happen in eastern europe ? 
  i agree about the double standards on the state of emergency and the concentration of powers though . 
  thanks !, 
  makes sense , thanks !, 
  what happens in such cases where you ca n't form a coalition ? 
  can a government really function without a majority backing it up ? 
   i do n't see a argument in having separate armys . 
  i do n't want to hand over something that has got an enormous potential of destruction to an organisation on which i have even less control than on my national government . 
  is trump despicable because he 's trump ( and therefore not you ) or because of the way he behave ? 
  if trump behaved like jesus would you say the same thing ? 
  no , because it 's his behaviour that is in question , by reproducing it you are indeed placing yourself at the same level . 
  if you behave like him in response you 're no better . 
  praise sarkozy who spat on it by getting us back in the integrated command , and praise his successors that will never revert that decision . 
  no , he wanted a constituant assembly , it was n't up to him to decide the form of the new institutions . 
  i do n't think anyone wanted to remake the 4th republic . 
  plus i do n't buy the idea that people are children that need a paternalist leader to go forward , i think this view causes more problems than it solves . 
  the french president has got a lot powers but it does n't stop him from being regularly contested . 
  it was instituted to artificially create parliamentary majorities , after a decade of high governmental instability when we used proportional representation . 
  nowadays major parties keep it because it favours them ( obviously ) , but they pretend to do so because pr would give the fn the share of support it 's got in the population . 
  becoming president gave him a boost of popularity though . 
  but since he has n't done anything yet it 's a bit useless to discuss on his popularity . 
  what are the genes responsible for that ? 
  well , he 's european , and he 's a leader , so i 'd say yes . 
  not in english ( and not that much anymore in france since radicalism is pretty dead ) , plus they used dark red which is frequently chosen to symbolise far-left . 
  putin ? 
  hollande was backing macron , a large part of the ps was too , more or less secretly . 
  this is about the * right * , which has not been in power since 2012 . 
  this not an example of cultures mixing with each other . 
  it is an example of the dominant culture ( french ) being forced on everywhere to erase regional differences . 
  imploding the right-wing party is a much harder task than the left-wing party though , we 'll see in the next weeks if this nomination pays off . 
   in this case france should have made a referendum in 1918 . 
  yes that would have been the best solution . 
  still , i tried to draw the general sentiment . 
  from a geopolitical viewpoint , not making a referendum was the most pragmatic solution as they indeed would not risk losing it . 
  i do n't see why . 
  the conceptions of the french and german nations were very different . 
  the french idea of the nation was based on a voluntary cohesion , the german one was based on ethnicity . 
  france did acquire alsace through warfare , but in 1871 it felt it had lost a region that was willingly part of france . 
   france took alsace from alsace yes that 's what i said . 
  france took alsace from alsace , the hre was not a nation . 
  alsatian separatists do n't want to join germany for instance , they want their own country . 
  also there 's a pretty large difference between 1 and 170 years . 
  if alsace had been german for 170 years after 1871 , france would have ended accepting it . 
  did n't they support fillon at first ? 
  end of the week normally . 
  ca n't say i 'm happy even if i voted for him , i hope he does n't win the legislative elections . 
  she ca n't make referendums if her party does n't have a majority in parliament . 
  also i do n't see referendums as a bad thing , although i 'd prefer they come from the people with popular initiatives . 
   as other politicians try to capture some of her votes  the mainstream of politics shifting to the right . 
  that 's been happening for a long time now . 
  indeed , they could change the rules to be able to get a majority , which is quite worrying . 
  still , i do n't know how they intend to do that with a hostile assembly . 
  as the president can only make a referendum on the proposition of the government . 
   as i understand , position of president has holds a lot of power and can enforce a lot of policies without approval by the parliament ? 
  no , it 's the executive as a whole which can do that . 
  if the president 's party does n't control a parliamentary majority , then he has got very little power left as he does n't control the government either , and it 's the pm who then gets those powers against the parliament . 
  or maybe they could ... threaten to leave ? 
  i know it 's an unpopular idea but it does seem to be the only way to have an impact . 
  fillon is n't eurosceptic . 
  did n't prevent him from trying to become president , and miserably fail at it . 
  same with the referendum and the introduction of laws . 
  why do you think it 's a conspiracy ? 
  i 'd say it 's a basic alliance out of common interests , the fn has been there longer than putin . 
  he was at 59 on several polls . 
  but the change is 8 % not 8 points . 
  `` let 's suppose something that makes my proposition true even though there 's no mathematical ground behind it '' , i 'm pretty sure my maths teacher would n't be happy if i do that . 
  if you do n't vote you 're helping the one who has got the upper hand , because he 's not the one who needs more votes ... 
  `` tried '' he specifically wrote the law a way that it would be rejected . 
  he only made that promise to prevent voters from going to m\u00e9lenchon . 
  if he actually cared about it he would have rewritten it and passed it again ( it was not the rate that was in question but the calculation method ) . 
  you 're partly right . 
  the default situation is not 0/0 but 24 % / 21 % , which means not voting is actually keeping macron ahead . 
  both candidates must reach voters beyond their original base in order to increase their score , if you believe le pen does n't have any breathing space then non-voters are n't an issue to you as macron is already ahead . 
  still , you say that voters are n't warranted to macron , and that 's precisely why your take on the issue is misguided . 
  the voters that voted for neither candidate in the first round have 4 choices now , and the decisions not to vote or to make a blank vote are the least influential of them . 
  by using polls to determinate which voters belong to macron 's sphere and which to le pen 's , you 're actually creating a reality in which voters have already voted , and in which not voting means indeed changing the scores you determinated and thus increasing le pen 's one . 
  but this reality does not exist , no ballot has been cast yet . 
  the only way for people to increase le pen 's score is to vote for her . 
   it 's childish ; i ca n't have what i want hence you will all suffer !, 
  i 'm saying this about the people that know and admit that fn will be a catastrophe for france and europe but still choose to willingly increase its percentage in the second leg . 
  that 's childish . 
  this is a strawman you created . 
  if those people really childishly wanted you to suffer they 'd vote marine le pen , * this * would increase her score . 
  not voting is choosing not to increase anyone 's score , because the default situation is 0 vote for macron and 0 vote for le pen , not 100 % of votes for macron and 0 % of votes for le pen . 
  there is nothing childish about this . 
  this is a complicated choice and everyone decides based on their own reasoning . 
  this is not a drastic move . 
  as you said it wo n't fool anyone . 
  to be fair p = 0 and the event happening is totally correct too , so the usefulness of making these kind of probabilities is quite relative . 
  6 820 447 voters in 2015 . 
  7 679 493 voters in 2017 . 
  it wo n't have any influence one way or the other . 
  a lot of candidates are n't at the head of their respective party .
