  they 're elected for national mandates based on domestic agendas , they do n't have any legitimacy in taking decisions at the european level . 
  france inherited a large army it always had had , and is conducting operations beyond its borders which give it an incentive , it did n't create it out of the blue , which would be significantly harder . 
  to me , poland catching up economically seems more of a priority , especially since the threat of russia is very overstated , but poles may have a different view . 
  2 % seems reasonable ( that number is completely arbitrary though , i do n't understand people that make it the ultimate goal ) , the original post referred to increasing spendings by 20 times , that 's why i was talking about high levels . 
  ww2 never was unlikely ... 
  the geopolitical and cultural landscape are also so much different that any comparison is n't worth it . 
  poland does n't seem to have any reason to drastically increase its defence spendings , especially when it has other priorities . 
  this does n't mean it should n't have a reliable army , but there 's a middle ground . 
  putin is n't going to react based on 50 years old geopolitics . 
  both the european council and the council of ministers are n't elected ( directly nor indirectly ) , and those hold substantial powers , one defining the trends of european politics and the other having legislative power . 
  any revision of the treaties is up to the european council . 
  to summarise , in `` elementary school '' ( 6-10 ) we studied mostly grammar as far as i remember , which i guess must be quite similar to portuguese , in `` middle school '' ( 11-14 ) both grammar and literature , and in `` high school '' ( 15-18 , but french classes stop at 17 for most students ) only literature . 
  that last one would be studying texts and literary movements principally , placed in 4 categories : novels , poetry , theatre and argumentation . 
  tertiary education is pretty complicated in france , some schools only require a `` letter '' where you describe your motivations , but others make you pass a competitive exam , and dissertations ( essays ) are a big part of them usually . 
  half the threads here are about russia , i do n't know how you * can * agree . 
  that 's pretty stupid . 
  i was specifically talking about the european union , where people in charge are n't elected , and thus are n't speaking for anyone . 
  i do n't think elections give any will to the elected to represent those they 're meant to , let alone the whole nation , but that 's another subject , probably czech politicians are n't stupid enough to go against 85 % of their country . 
  that 's democracy for you . 
  we did n't , we just sadly happen to live in an undemocratic state . 
  and over the course of the years he did anything he could to get back the few powers he relinquished . 
  about the same , but also the presidents of both houses and instead of 1/5th it 's 60 mps from one house . 
  the fn is quite outspoken against it , as far as saying they would remove the law if they come to power , but they only have 2 mps and those did n't even bother showing up . 
  the verification by the constitutional council is n't automated though , there needs to be a procedure . 
  we do n't , and it 's a joke . 
  probably not , since the plate is n't backwards , there must be [ different ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jxtnqbhp5ie/typpnhymzii/aaaaaaaadus/x-ffade94n0/s640/dsc_0279.jpg ) [ models ] ( http://police-car-photos.com.s3.amazonaws.com/3893.jpg ) . 
  we saw a good deal of constitutions since 1830 , you probably mean the charter . 
  but would she have any real political power ? 
  what makes you think your personal experience has more value than a survey ? 
  i could oppose you a very different experience , it would n't make any of us right , because we 're bound to the subjectivity of our environment . 
  a poll tries to avoid that by using a representative sample , you may say this one was badly conducted , but certainly your experience is n't a proof . 
  probably not that much , if any . 
  did i say that ? 
  both are n't justifiable , but they 're not the same . 
  stop being binary . 
  edit : i misunderstood what you were saying , sorry . 
  yes they try to justify it with reasons , they have to obviously , hatred is n't a natural thing . 
  that does n't mean those are any justification , but that * they * justify it that way . 
  not really , maybe the domains of hatred are somewhat similar but the reasoning and objectives are very different . 
  atheists make up the vast majority of the youth and a good part of older people , so there really is n't a problem at all . 
  things are pretty balanced for now , but it will be interesting to see how religious people are treated when they will become a clear minority . 
  people not speaking french are reading you , there are other places for that . 
  yeah ... not at all . 
  france supported the uk actively during the war by giving them the codes of the very missiles it sold to argentina some years earlier . 
  it would be a difficult not to do otherwise anyway , what with france having also retained several colonial possessions , of which mayotte is claimed by the comoros . 
  france has always sold arms to dubious countries , it is n't on the same ground as trust . 
  does n't work if they 're orthodox . 
  it 's arguable it 's the role of governments to recognise genocides , such a number is n't very telling . 
  in its core , fascism is about the control of society on every scale and the will to create a `` new man '' , away from the decadent individual of the liberal democracy . 
  maybe that 's what the fn secretly wants , but then they 're hiding it very well . 
  they proclaim their attachment to the republic , they do n't use violence to get their way , they are n't making mass ceremonies , and even if both the father and the daughter are `` charismatic '' figures , they are n't praised the way fascist leaders were . 
  just look at the recent conflicts between them , such a disunion would never have been allowed in a fascist party . 
  what you 're describing is merely populism and nationalism ( and xenophobia but it 's often linked to those ) , not that it 's better , it 's just not fascism . 
  the fn is n't fascist , and is n't in any position of power as of now . 
  as some already stated , its rise is completely unrelated to terrorism , so that does n't make sense to use it to compare the reactions between the us and france . 
  if you want to do that , the current laws getting passed increasing internet control would be more suited . 
  not in / r/europe , or you would be the one getting upvoted . 
  obviously it all gets down to personal preferences . 
  we still are !, 
  because people are more likely to cross a border than a sea , though that does n't explain spain and portugal . 
  yes , definitely . 
  make no mistake , france has in effect a presidential-ist system , parliament is a complete subordinate to the government , and even more so since 2000 when their elections were set at the same time . 
  it 's even worse than in a presidential system because you do n't have the separation of powers it allows . 
  personally i 'd prefer a parliamentary system because i view debating and responsibility of the government as more democratic than personal and unchecked power , however chosen by election it was . 
  i find it sad that parliamentarism has been discredited forever in my country because it was badly implemented and practiced , when there are numerous examples in neighbouring countries where it works very well . 
  then it does n't mean anything at all , other european countries already had abolished slavery on their soil during the middle ages . 
  that is not . 
  whether you stop immigration or not , you 're still left with many immigrants that you ca n't just remove from here , so you have to deal with that issue . 
  these are very different cases . 
  of course secularisation will not happen when religion is pushed for by an islamist state and the majority of the population happens to have that religion which is native to the area ... people immigrating to secular countries where the state rather pushes atheism than religion and where their religion has no roots ? 
  it 's way more likely to happen . 
   obsessive preoccupation with community decline , humiliation or victimhood there is some of that surely but i do n't think it is to the same extent . 
   cults of unity , energy and purity i do n't think so . 
   a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants the power in russia is way more `` oligarchian '' than populist , you 'll never find [ that kind of events ] ( http://www.history.co.uk/sites/default/files/styles/16_9_responsive/public/nuremberg%20rally.jpg?itok=auyyti6_ ) there . 
  it may have some populists inspiration , but it 's not really the core of putin 's authority . 
  and no militants either , the power is staying at the top . 
   abandons democratic liberties this is another major difference . 
  putin wants to maintain the illusion of democracy while fascists were denouncing fervently the decadent liberal democracy . 
   they did n't win any `` departement '' in the last elections while the rest is true , this has to be nuanced . 
  majoritarian voting systems advantage considerably the biggest parties . 
  this is n't like it 's inconsistent with her line . 
  fn voters ( who vote for their program and not because they 're sick of the frontrunners ) , are probably mostly favourable to becoming closer to russia . 
  fascism is dead and buried , something does n't need to be fascist in order to be nationalistic and authoritarian . 
  also , stalin killing most of the soviet high command did n't help when germany invaded . 
  those are people , it does n't mean there was a continuity in the system . 
  those were n't sacrifices . 
  regions were created in the 50s . 
  some nuance please , the usa meddling in europe is not something to wish for , but it 's nowhere comparable to the deeds of the soviet union . 
  never said it was , i 'm saying that 's what we 're trying to prevent when you 're only seeing unjustified arrogance . 
  as for your second point , i do n't think it 's really that common , bad experiences tourists have in france tend to get overblown on this site . 
  who is refusing that ? 
  when will people understand the issue is in putting english before native languages , not using a lingua franca ? 
  well , the west not having put in place or supporting dictators would have helped witg corruption , and civil wars would be less likely had the current borders not be drawn by colonial powers without regards to the local realities . 
  also , exploiting africa as a source of natural resources left the possibility of economical and social development more difficult . 
  obviously not everything is the fault of `` evil european imperialists , eternal shame '' , but denying the consequences of colonialism and foreign involvement on the continent is being rather dishonest . 
  there 's some disagreement amongst historians on whether it could rather have its origins in the american flag , which was the country of liberty of the time . 
  we were n't taught anything in school as far as i remember . 
  * journey to the end of the night * by louis-ferdinand celine . 
  his point holds if you look at louis xvii . 
  the problem here is that putin 's father was n't considered the rightful monarch .
