  the republican education has made for a long time napoleon iii a despicable figure , and people do n't know a lot about it since it 's not studied in school . 
  however , 1848 is still the date of the ( complete ) abolishment of slavery and of universal male suffrage . 
  you might not care , i care . 
  words have a meaning and i 'd be sad to see language impoverished out of lasiness . 
  nothing to do with being quasi-fascist ( which russia is n't , authoritarian if you want ) . 
  as others observed , the irish president has a ceremonial role , unlike obama and putin . 
  finland is n't a scandinavian country . 
  we 're talking about the european council here , not the comission . 
  calling political leaders of eu member states ministers would cause some problem . 
   slovenia for example does n't care about who is dominant culturally because it still wo n't be them , the only thing they can aspire to is to maybe be relevant sometimes ( which is easier when you share characteristics with the dominant ) . 
  poland is probably the smallest country in the ez with even any considerations of cultural , political , economic dominance . 
  even if you do n't want to be dominant culturally you might want to preserve your culture and what makes you unique , or else slovenia could have become serbian and poland russian ...  while there was institutionalized assimilation , it only worked because it was desirable ... which german culture can be , with or without the language it was `` desirable '' because there were no other choices , be it the irish who learnt english when half their population left or died or the bretons who did n't teach their childrens the language because they did n't want them to be considered peasants . 
  in europe where every state 's culture is emphasised heavily and the situation where you can preserve your customs and language without any problem ( at least when it 's supported by the state itself ) , there 's no need to assimilate yourself . 
  it is n't a council of ministers , there 's no reason to call him pm and it would only cause more confusion . 
  far-leftists view the eu as a neo-liberal organisation . 
   obviously it would n't be desirable to the french i ca n't fathom how it would be desirable for anyone except the germans . 
  and no , it could n't happen , unless germany takes over the eu , they ca n't impose forced assimilation through today 's institutions . 
   states like france , spain , italy , russia and britain are a examples of successful forced unification . 
  we take for granted the cultural assimilation that was required to impose nationhood on them now that centuries have passed . 
  this requires a dominant culture , this could never happen in the eu , nor would it be desirable . 
  works for me , maybe [ try this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5vvmkw0.jpg ) . 
  it 's way too late for that , at least for 2017 . 
  it 's not like it 's a sudden gain , they have been growing for years and the response was always to ignore them . 
  people are n't voting for fn solely on the basis of immigration , this is n't `` happening all over europe '' , each political situation is different . 
  do n't consider their arguments to be worthy of discussion , they 're just fascists !, 
  ignoring them will just solve the problem . 
  the word castle does n't have the same meaning in english than in french . 
  op asks for [ this kind ] ( http://img0.svstatic.com/wallpapers/a8d41ebc7fb3d269b45e42acffee31ef_large.jpeg ) . 
  fascism is a political ideology with very well defined goals , if they do n't hold these , they 're not fascists , that 's as simple as you get . 
  yes they might use things derived from fascism , but that does n't equal being an actual fascist . 
  i do n't know why this qualification is needed , you do n't need to be a fascist to be a jackass , using the term this widely only makes it lose meaning . 
  not really , fascism is a pretty disctinct ideology . 
  it seems pretty serious to me , you can say things you think on a humourous tone . 
   the united states wanted to overthrow a dictator and install a democracy in iraq , halfway around the world . 
  this might be the justifications used and a means , but there was obviously more to it than just that . 
  or else , why the need for false accusations of wmd ? 
  else why are the us still supporting many dictatures around the world ? 
  one should not try to paint any country as morally black or white , it 's not how the world works . 
   the reverse happens much less frequently - i.e. 
  you point out the wrongdoings of america and people talk about `` but russia [ or china ] yadda yadda '' . 
  are you sure it 's less frequent ? 
  maybe not on / r/europe where there are a lot more discussions about the wrongdoings of russia than the us , but you only have to look a bit down [ on this very thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xrybf/just_because_the_usa_did_bad_things_it_doesnt/cp2z34g?context=3 ) to see it . 
  i think it 's as much frequent , just not at the same places . 
  the constitution required unanimity while this one does not , this is not a question of precedent . 
  so you completely ignored the point of my comment . 
  well , ca n't argue with that . 
  why bring up the fn ? 
  that 's not an argument , that 's invoking the doxa `` the fn is bad so you 're bad '' . 
  you ca n't say a position is bad because someone you do n't like has the same , you must argue against it . 
  even the fn can be right about some things . 
  if someone says the new labour law is shitty , can i just say `` well , that 's communist party propaganda ... a party that supported stalin !, 
  that must mean the labour law is good !, 
   why do you think there are more french people in london than in bordeaux or strasbourg ? 
  these are well off people that could very well find a job in france , seriously ... 
  if democracy means a dictatorship of the majority . 
  that 's still a decent gap considering the 2010 regional elections . 
  oh yeah , a party supporting the free market is socialist if it does n't stop any kind of immigration ... 
  these are regional elections , the elections that will potentially decide this will be in 2017 . 
  because he was a big republican figure , when republicans got the power in the 1870-1880s they did a lot of symbolic things to instill a republican sentiment in the population , renaming places was one of them . 
  mathematicians are less ideological figures , although they could have used evariste galois !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the concept of race is sociological , europeans being humans does n't mean they naturally classify people by skin colour . 
  if you 're saying that europeans are not exempt from prejudice , then yes , considerations taking into account skin colour have not disappeared , albeit they 're quite limited and not socially accepted ( in france , i do n't know about elsewhere ) . 
  i find this is much less a taboo in the usa , for example , some surveys ask what is your race which would be utterly unthinkable in france . 
  not all britons or americans are responsible for these wars , and the french state has also participated in questionable interventions . 
  there 's no reason to have an holier than thou attitude . 
  well that is n't a prerequisite for frenchness . 
  which part of the constitution prevents people to learn foreign languages or regional languages ? 
  please , the issue is not that simplistic . 
   because you 're paying such a small sum of money to begin with and a vpn averaging $ 3 a month for the full us library of netflix is still far cheaper than any other option . 
  but that 's illegal , paying is absurd when you could just download it and break as much the law . 
  united kingdom, 
   the reform should mean future italian governments get five crisis-free years to implement their programmes . 
  or five control-free years to do whatever they want . 
  i hope italy wo n't look like france , this `` reform '' seems very similar to our own in 1958 ( aside from the president ) , ca n't say it was brilliant . 
  yeah , after that we install democracy , leave , and all will be peaceful again !, 
   the same can be said of individual nations as well though . 
  go to any pub in france and you 're going to find frenchmen that hate each other a great deal . 
  just as you would in britain or germany or any country on the planet . 
  yes , this is true about any identity , it 's a construct . 
  it does n't mean we should try to get rid of it , just not fool ourselves about a grand meaning or determinism . 
  that 's not a bad idea at all . 
  to me it 's basically void of meaning , values like enlightenment equality etc were never shared today or before by all europeans , whatever the country , and calling them any less european because of this would be absurd . 
  it refers to an abstract geographical and cultural sphere but even there it lacks consistence . 
  the only meaning it has is by each of its individual form . 
  the content of the article has nothing to do with the title , i 'd say first shame on `` the daily beast '' . 
  no , either you eat at school the meal the school has prepared , or you eat outside of school . 
  i think each major party sends a minister and there 's no real head of government , so regardless of the result they do n't need a coalition . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  i 'd wager far fewer women went there usually , it 's trying to curb the self censorship of women for these fields , it may not be the best way , but it 's consistent . 
  that 's a bit silly reasoning , having less children is n't the same as having no children . 
  there is still inequality if women are socialised not to take paths that lead more to positions of power than the ones they take , even if it 's not conscious . 
  if democracy is governments caring about the will of their people beyond electoral interest , then it never existed . 
   ask a german , a frenchman or an austrian how the senate is elected and if it can vote a motion of no confidence against the governmemt . 
  well , i actively encourage you to stay as far away as possible from our political system . 
   france has declined over a long time . 
  its power declined somewhat during the 18th century , but it never stopped being a dominant power in europe . 
   if anything , this defeat brought france back to where it was a few years before ... not really , france was completely castrated in 1815 , nothing like louis xvi 's france . 
  i agree on the general idea though , op 's analysis and conclusions are bit too simplistic and easy . 
  but it 's true that 1815 is seen as the beginning of [ unchallenged british domination ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) .
