  i must have misinterpreted the meaning he placed behind destroyed . 
  i forgot we measured everything with the brexit-trump metrics now . 
  why would he ? 
  i do n't think switzerland would be too happy about that . 
   in an informal system the minority ( say socialists within a liberal-socialist party ) has enormous power to change the situation from within . 
  best example is the tea party insurgency within the republicans , or the may overtake of the british conservatives , or almost even bernie . 
  and that 's completely independent from the democratic process which i do n't find very reassuring . 
  tbqh , i 'm not really a fan of parliamentary systems either , they 're just less retarded to me than what we have in france . 
   and if you 're a genuine leftist you can not feel represented by lepen . 
  this must be an absolute joke . 
  she is a far right nationalist and the daugther of an outright fascist . 
   if you are a leftist and contemplate voting for her you have completely lost your marbles . 
  i do n't think i 'll vote for her myself but i could understand why some `` leftists '' ( i 'll let you decide what a genuine leftist is ) would . 
  they really have taken anti-liberal stances since jean-marie le pen left the direction ( who was himself economically liberal ) in order to appeal to disappointed leftists . 
  they score high in former communist strongholds , although there 's a lot of abstention there as well . 
  in my opinion this is just electoral opportunism , they backtracked recently on the retirement age and all in all their social and economic program is n't really consistent . 
  but it does work , especially when the left has practically no chance to reach the second round . 
   very few people would care . 
  gay marriage ? 
  very few people would care . 
  we all live in echo chambers . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of people are uncomfortable with it . 
   of course france nominally is not a proportional multi party system with focus on coalition building , but the underlying logic obviously applies to the french system as well . 
  if a certain ideology represented by a party has very little support you 'll have trouble getting into power , and you can consolidate support by rallying behind a candidate . 
  i beg to disagree . 
  if you rally yourself behind a candidate you 're only strengthening his/her ideas and weakening your own . 
  this is the way the presidential election works . 
  in a parliamentary system coalition partners are equal partners , they do n't lose their voice when they join the coalition because they can leave when they want . 
  in a presidential system , if you rally yourself behind a candidate , you accept that everything he/she says is as if you said it , and you lose your voice in the process . 
   i know quite a lot of french far-leftists who say that they would rather vote for le pen than macron . 
  they rant about ` neoliberalism ' and whatnot so much that they are literally strengthening the far-right . 
  why not if they think themselves more represented by le pen ? 
  the far-leftists were n't in government when the fn rose , it was the liberals that strengthened it . 
  i am not sure what you mean by big tent but the liberals are absolutely not interested by a true alliance . 
  the fn is actually very good for them , they know that they can win easily against it since it 's so much hated , and they use it to draw support from the left into `` useful votes '' . 
  they have ideological supremacy now . 
   sure it does , it 's called making a coalition . 
  there are four strong currents in french politics . 
  socialists , liberals , conservatives and the nationalist right . 
   socialists alone can not govern . 
  they need support . 
  who do they want to govern with ? 
  i 'd argue that liberals make the best pair out of the groups mentioned above . 
  you do n't seem to be aware that france is not a parliamentary system like germany . 
  the very principle behind our current constitution is to prevent things like coalitions . 
  the only coalitions we had were not necessary ( for example the ps has a majority by itself but has eelv ministers in its government ) but an attempt to phagocitise the smaller parties gravitating around the governmental parties . 
  furthermore , coalitions are an agreement between parties . 
  had there been two parties where the ps is standing now , i would not have found it ludicrous that they make a coalition . 
  because , in that case , as each member is independent from the other one , the other party has to respect the terms of the agreements , or suffer its end . 
  in a single party like the ps , only one line can dominate or division ensues . 
  if people fundamentally disagree over most policies , then the reason they have a single party is purely electoral opportunism . 
  if the ps wins , it 's the right-wing ps that wins , whereas in a coalition both parties make compromise to form a government . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  i long for the day when we write a new constitution . 
  but in the meanwhile , i find no use sentencing your ideas to death by allying yourself with such people . 
  having a unified party with two opposite tendencies makes no sense at all . 
  we see right now with the defections how much the ps needs to be dismantled and stop monopolising the terms socialist or left-wing when it 's clear that half the party is completely economically liberal . 
  i do n't think marxism is actually possible given the current social structures , and it 's my opinion that revolutions are doomed to fail and thus that much wo n't change . 
  still , proponents of marxism are quite limited nowadays , and i do think reforming capitalism is possible , which has been done many times in the past , especially in europe , with success . 
  and that was what hollande was proposing , it was n't marxism . 
  socialism has a few definitions , which are not necessarily very close . 
  i only wrote this paragraph to make sure we were on the same wavelength concerning what we 're talking about . 
  now , what i 'm disputing is the intellectual validity of your argument claiming that hollande not applying the content of his program was a proof of socialism 's inability to work . 
  whether it can or can not work in the current state of the world , which i do n't claim to know , will not be judged when there was no real will nor action to implement it , even if there was the pretense of a will , but by the trial of experience . 
  macron is n't really skyrocketing either . 
  his estimated score is in line with how many people i 'd think would be satisfied with hollande 's term . 
  quite a few disliked hollande because he was seen as weak or merely by influence from the general tone , his pm always had higher approval ratings . 
  that 's exactly the problem ... and no he did n't try this model , because he 's not ideologically socialist and it was all posture . 
  you wo n't be able to spin it into proving socialism is not possible . 
  it has everything to do with politics . 
  this position is only making their position stronger by showing the inability from the political class to take into account the voices it dismisses as null because it does n't consider them acceptable . 
  it 's more that he would have been humiliated . 
  he was n't even sure he 'd win his party 's primaries , and they were already on their way . 
  rational maybe , but hollande is not a selfless politician . 
  constituent assemblies are so authoritarian ... / s amazing how much people can talk out of their arse . 
  that does make sense !, 
  and it 's always the same person posting them , too bad you ca n't block users on reddit . 
   his candidature is controversial cause he has no experience . 
  it 's absolutely not controversial now . 
  though i agree that it was what first got the media talking back to last year when he created en marche . 
   his pro refugees stance is pretty unique and proeu is different to all the others who blame the eu for france 's problems . 
  his proposals on changes to the unemployment benefits organisation , although not well detailed , are quite radical . 
  those propositions are totally in line with his political ideology , of course not everyone on the political spectrum agrees with them , but every politician has opponents . 
  we seem not to put the same meaning behind the word controversial . 
  if we use your meaning , every politician is controversial ... to me something controversial in politics will divide within your own ranks , if that 's not the case then you 're just putting forward ideas . 
  actually , i do n't know if you read that in the media or if it was your own conclusion , but this might help / u/itsacaragor 's hypothesis , as newspapers sometimes frame macron 's propositions as radical or unique when they 're not particularly revolutionary nor daring . 
   anyway , yes , he gets lots of media coverage . 
  the techniques he uses to get this high coverage are pretty obvious , and easy to understand without needing to involve a conspiracy by the media , or the banks . 
  what are those techniques ? 
  i 'm not really well versed in communication . 
  because that means people who have the same opinion as you do will not vote for someone who 's lying to them in order to get their votes . 
  so your opinions have a higher chance of being put forward . 
  did he ? 
  the only controversial things he said was about colonisation and the anti-gay marriage movement , both within the same week . 
  otherwise his proposals were pretty bland . 
  he got a lot of media coverage well before those statements . 
   that 's not what you wrote but , eh , your poor reading skills might explain your political choices i guess . 
  i did say `` no one is proposing that '' , it does n't seem my reading skills are the defective ones here . 
   you found wikipedia , congratulations . 
  you think no one knows thomas paine ?
