it just goes to show what the state of democracy is in the rest of the world , france seems also way too high to me . 
  what would more people voting change ? 
  if anything forcing people who did n't want to to vote will only bring more uninformed ballot papers . 
  if people voted the worst way , then question the people , if people did n't have a choice between a good and a bad way , * then * , question the system . 
  voting being mandatory is completely irrelevant . 
  it 's difficult because austria is separated from germany nowadays , so there rather have been two enmities , between france and the habsburg house until the 18th century , then between france and germany/prussia . 
  england/great-britain has a more defined shape . 
  the majority does n't seem really in favour to me , but i 'm not really that educated in the situation there . 
  there 's quite a big amount of poverty and going independent could exacerbate it without the money france puts there , though it may not be the case , nor may it be determinant for the outcome of the vote . 
  even if they were a department they would have to reapply , the same way scotland would have had to if it seceded from the uk . 
  well then the eu can refuse serbia or cut diplomatic relations on this basis . 
  as i said , / u/chodechugging was talking about preventing serbia to do something encroaching on the eu 's interests , violating its sovereignty . 
  so taiwan is n't a country ? 
  and we were n't part of the invasion of iraq while they were , i guess it evens out , let 's just take the migrants coming from libya while they take those coming from the middle east . 
  how is france boycotting the eu ? 
  how is france not promoting english sufficiently ? 
  how does that have anything to do with nationalism ? 
  french people lack english proficiency because there are n't many incentives for them to master it . 
  more could be done , surely , but there is n't any nationalistic will to block it , that 's absurd . 
  it 's a group of dialects rather , distinct from the one modern french is part of ( langues d'oc vs langues d'o\u00efl ) . 
  they are more related to catalan than french generally . 
  that 's not maths , that 's speculation . 
  you do not know if the percentage of converts in the german salafist population and the `` german salafists who joined isis '' population are the same , even if one is included in the other . 
  it 's overlooked because the eu had little to do with it , at least for now . 
  or , reformulated : any given national state is as much bureaucratic as the eu . 
  thus , maybe we should take care of our own countries before adding up our flaws at an even higher level . 
  determining the nature of a crime should be up to a tribunal , not to a legislative body . 
  this trend is getting worrying . 
  same here . 
  yeah , maybe not giving the management of a country to a single person , who is n't even chosen by the majority of people , that would be a start . 
  the irish side negotiated what they wanted , then in a second referendum they approved the negotiated treaty . 
  was there a second referendum in france or the netherlands ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  there was indeed a choice since all member states had to ratify the treaty , but the french and dutch respective governments were pro-treaty before and after the referenda , regardless of the will of the people they represent , so they made it pass . 
  we can still the trauma in the political class , not getting what they wanted !, 
  [ dutch pm mark rutte and french president fran\u00e7ois hollande confirmed to david cameron they do n't want treaty modifications that would require popular voting . 
  ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/idees/article/2015/05/30/brexit-les-lignes-rouges-des-europeens_4644039_3232.html ), 
  i think there were only the netherlands , though not all countries had the chance of a referendum . 
  yes , the dutch government betrayed its citizens when it accepted the constitution under a different name , i do n't think `` europe '' was forcing their hand , so there 's obviously a problem there too . 
  i 'd say a bit , but not that much . 
  both were influenced by the values of the enlightenment . 
  you could point at some similarities between the french constitution of 1791 and the american one of 1789 , but they 're really both the product of the theorisation of the separation of power by montesquieu . 
  the difference is especially clear when the french revolution took a radical turn in 1792 and popular sovereignty replaced national sovereignty , and separation of powers was scrapped for an `` assembly system '' under the national convention ( which name , i reckon , was inspired by the usa ) . 
  i think the real inspiration was a motivation to make a change with the example of america , and not really of an ideological nature . 
  yeah ... the socialist party is social democrat , it cut all ties with socialism back in the 80 's . 
  republicans in france always claimed universality , but the truth is that it was ingrained with education ( and thanks to the division between monarchist clans ) in the late 19th century . 
  so now you 've got values likes democracy , equality , secularism tied with such an abstract concept as republic , when in fact it has nothing to do with the form of government . 
  thus the absurd controversy about a demagogue name . 
  in no way similarly to how different germany is from greece or portugal . 
  wealth and size mean little when compared to culture , history , and identity . 
   point is that nobody in their right mind will claim the usa to be california 's sockpuppet . 
  sure , but the context of the creation of the usa was very specific and very ideological , not really a compromise between already existing and unequal powers . 
  although it 's a bit of an exaggeration , you could oppose to it the prussian-driven german unification which established prussia as the most influential and dominant power in the new german empire , all federations are n't equal . 
  it does , since the official representatives of the french people quickly ignored the voice of the very people they 're meant to represent to negotiate the thing they refused , thus there is a problem within the institutions if the representatives can not represent nor respect their nation . 
  the lisbon treaty was n't forced onto the french government . 
  and i do n't care who used that argument , people ca n't stain ideas . 
  you can only oppose it counter-arguments . 
  or this should rather lead to reconsider the integrity of politicians and institutions in france , when the uk is most probably going to abide by the result , it 's pointless to make it a stain on referenda in general . 
  that 's an argument for a germanic union , not for a federalisation of europe . 
  not germanic \u00fcbermensch , only finland is weird here . 
  is pointless to have a majority if this majority does n't agree . 
  if one side had more than 79 % with 64 % turnout then it would be a majority . 
  how is that your decision to make ? 
   ukraine would be homogeneous if they could n't get over their orientation bullshit ; they 're all pretty much the same ethnic group . 
  it 's not like they speak different languages or something . 
  it works as intended , comparing territory surfaces , if you do n't zoom out the distortions are n't a problem . 
  there 's no point to trash the mercator projection just because . 
  the domains in which a referendum is possible are limited . 
  also it was n't a constitutional revision like ireland . 
  think of it as regions in portugal deciding who 's gon na be the portuguese prime minister . 
  people in charge of a region were elected to make local decisions , their program was based on local issues , their voter base is their community . 
  in a parliamentary state , people voting a party know what they will try to accomplish , and if they 're part of a government coalition , they will push it forward . 
  in the eu , people vote their leaders on domestic agendas , they do n't know what agenda they will push in the european commission , they may not even know they will . 
  a european mandate means you were elected by european citizens to do a european job , the ec 's members were elected by their national citizens for a domestic job . 
   also , the candidates are voted by the european parliament . 
  that would have relevance had the parliament held real power and independence of thought from the council . 
  but the vote is afterwards , and the parliament is not the sovereign body of europe in effect , when it should . 
  and it 's essentially composed of national parties which wo n't go against a choice from their government . 
  the european institutions can in no way be compared to a healthy form of government . 
   you do n't draw maps based on anything else than what the recognised borders are . 
  yes you do . 
  maps are n't a state monopoly , they are a medium of information and thus they need to be drawn independently . 
  why would you want a newspaper that just repeats what its government says ? 
  the uk 's position should n't have any influence on the guardian 's information , at least ideally . 
   they could mark crimea as occupied or disputed instead . 
  they could , but you seem to forget the map 's point , laws on same-sex marriage are solely dependent on the current administration , and the one in charge of crimea is objectively russian . 
  marking it as disputed would only create confusion as ukrainian laws do n't have any effect there . 
  it 's chosen by the european council , whose members have n't got any european mandate . 
  the guardian is n't a country , it does n't recognise anything , but it 's the journalist 's job to picture as close as possible the reality . 
  even if they were the same in practice , it would still be citizens having different rights . 
  if governments were chosen by unelected people , maybe . 
  yeah i 'm not talking about athens , and even less so about greece . 
   what about their desire to be re-elected ? 
  or pressure from the party because they need to remain trustworthy ? 
  or the belief in what the campaigned for ? 
  there are plenty of things that stop politicians from doing what they want . 
  you ca n't just inform yourself about every vote for every law , people generally vote for the party more than for the person . 
  obviously this is n't true for the front figures who have to go when they lose the country 's confidence ( well , after their mandate is finished , mind you ) , but the structure stays the same and an identical figure takes the place . 
  pressure from the party is n't really determinant since the whole thing is corrupted , actually it 's worse because representatives will vote anything if their party is in power , even if they disagree with it . 
  politicians make promises they ca n't accomplish and they know it very well , campaigns have little impact on the decision process .
