  it 's the same principle though . 
  it 's the same principle as winner-takes-all but with two rounds , you have a weird definition of opposite . 
  i thought this was banned on / r/france because there were too many posts about it and it was polluting the sub . 
  this makes no sense here . 
   i am for understanding of motives and analizing problems . 
  you must admit , that the burkini ban is a sign of a problem . 
  if you just say : `` racist !, 
  '' , that basically closes the discussion . 
  your motivations are good but drawing a specific case out of nowhere is n't a very thorough analysis . 
  ireland has a similar law . 
  you 're saying you ca n't wear a cross in public in france . 
  i 'm saying you can and that you 're confusing a ban on religious symbols in school with a ban on religious symbols in public areas which does n't exist . 
  no , religious symbols are only forbidden in schools . 
  you can wear them in other public areas . 
  how do you get people integrated , exactly ? 
  seems like the magic formula was never found , so people begin to prefer ostracism . 
  i would think the 1 % refers to estate rather than income , otherwise it would put a big earner who squanders everything above a wealthy heir who does n't work . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  i do n't think there are many countries where studies are costless , tuition fees are n't the whole picture . 
  you 're right , what an odd comparison . 
  if it was indeed similar , it should be even better to let the plumbers decide among them who is the most competent , since they know the skill . 
  that 's an argument for technocracy . 
  the guillotine was supposed to be less barbaric than normal beheading . 
  no you do n't pay anything ( or 5 $ or so ) if you have a scholarship . 
   send them back to the middle east and quarantine the entire area . 
  oh , yeah , of course . 
  why not nuke the entire muslim world while we 're doing crazy infeasible and stupid ideas ? 
  le pen is purely an opportunist , her opinion on whether we should exit the eu or not changes with each day . 
  ukraine is n't the whole of europe , it has history with russia . 
  i do n't recall spain or sweden ever being in russia 's sphere of influence , so i do n't see why they should fear it more than islamists . 
  russian plans to destroy europe exist only in some eastern europeans ' wild imagination . 
  on the contrary , the actions of islamists are very real . 
  was turkey unsafe and unstable ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  so a military coup serves nothing but western interests , and that 's why you people are supporting it . 
  yes they kept their country stable . 
  but between a country stable thanks to elections and a country stable thanks to repression i chose the former , even more so since the latter risks to pull a libya / syria / iraq . 
  yeah , so why have more dictators and run such a risk again ? 
  who else will ? 
  you could care about the people you leave behind and who have to face the problems you avoided , but i guess values are just relative . 
  why would you want your leaders representing idiots ? 
  why frame it as a democracy if you actually want it to be the opposite ? 
  why should they ever vote , if they 're so ignorant ? 
  to me it just seems like an argument for technocracy or a very restricted democracy . 
  this is a divisive subject in france , you can not paint it as wholly agreed by all parts of society . 
  doing something about it is letting the historians do their work without interference . 
  sure the pay is terrible , but i ca n't imagine many french historian having been corrupted by turkey . 
  and in the absence of evidence ( your article is restricted to the usa ) , this law makes no sense . 
  really the justification for this law is transparent in op 's article : feelings . 
  and even if there were corrupted french historians , the other historians should prove their point by the strength of their arguments and not by illegitimate state support . 
  interdiction only gives leverage to the revisionists ' arguments , since it draws in the direction of a conspiracy . 
  where are the militias ? 
  where is the charismatic leader ? 
  where is the single party ? 
  where is the repression of any opposition ? 
  etc, 
  he did say most , though , which is n't wrong , but a bit rich considering the job he had himself . 
   these all seem like exactly how a democracy is supposed to function . 
  except the european constitution though , there was n't a new referendum for the lisbon treaty . 
  but i would n't call it out on the eu , this is the fault of domestic politicians who think they know better than their people . 
  i see this a lot . 
  why do n't you wait to see how it goes before handing out insults ? 
  of course if you frame the referendum so that people vote stupidly they will . 
  explain what budgets will be cut , they will think instead . 
  people fighting to preserve their labour rights , the horror ... 
   banning all guns is not going to make it harder for them either . 
  i do n't see how that could n't . 
  they have to hide it at the moment . 
  guns are n't only an issue with terrorists anyway . 
  and it says something of our society if more violence is the solution . 
  there are still primaries for his party . 
  the most likely nominee ( and almost certain winner if it 's him ) is alain jupp\u00e9 , but he also has been convicted in the past . 
  it 's a fucked state of affairs but it 's nothing really new sadly . 
  here you can see some of the predicted combinations and their estimated outcomes , though mind the election is one year ahead . 
  actually , there are good chance he 'll win if he faces marine le pen on the second round , which is what he 's betting on . 
  rsa is not a basic income , you do n't receive anything if you already earn enough , you have to make the initiative to get it , and you have to be older than 25 . 
   but why not debate upon our opinions , like civilized human beings ? 
  and that 's what i 'm asking you !, 
  calling those you do n't like politically commies are fascists when they clearly are not makes for low level of debate . 
  that 's what you said . 
  i ca n't read in your mind so if you 're past calling names the discussion would be more fruitful . 
   le pen is also much more tolerable than melenchon , at least for me . 
  sure , why not ? 
  but you ca n't expect everyone to hold the same opinion as you do . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is not a communist and le pen is not a fascist . 
  you have a terribly simple understanding of the world , seriously . 
  maybe try to learn more about those school of thoughts before labeling people . 
  it does n't seem to me that / r/europe likes m\u00e9lenchon , just take a look at this thread and many are criticising his views on the eu . 
  on the contrary , this sub has circlejerked a lot around macron those last few months . 
  i guess they still find m\u00e9lenchon more tolerable than le pen because she 's seen as xenophobic and he is not , and since his opposition to the eu in its current form is not out of nationalism . 
  have you ever tried to compare the communist manifesto and m\u00e9lenchon 's platform ? 
  because you have a very weird sense of what 's a communist . 
  you were right indeed . 
  i saw [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffkukm-l5a8 ) , where he speaks right after [ this speech from lordon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l23zrvnl1f4 ) , and where he considers that plan a is practically doomed to fail , but deserves to be tried nonetheless . 
  i had gotten the wrong impression . 
  and yesterday at onpc he said that a no the referendum would mean plan b so there would be no second referendum on france 's membership as you said . 
  so yes , if m\u00e9lenchon applies this there 's a very good chance we leave the euro and the eu . 
  the eu is the embodiment of free market . 
  indeed we should . 
   how will he campaign ?
