   bolshevik russia revolution then civil war . 
   maos china civil war . 
   khmer rouge revolution then civil war . 
  no elections in those three cases , too bad , your theory does n't check out !, 
   venezuela where 's the `` full blown revolutionary genocide '' ? 
  do you have any figures ? 
  give me one example of that happening in history . 
  i fail to see how this is related to marxism . 
  this is a standard reformist platform , not a revolutionary one . 
  right . 
  i remember when marx said we should accept capitalism and only try to regulate it through regular political power . 
  the marxist parties got less than 2 % of the votes on aggregate , maybe stick to your own politics because you clearly do n't understand those of other countries . 
  these are proportions ... ( except the number of mosques ), 
  there are two reasons why people hated hollande : - because they did n't like his policies ( either because he betrayed his left-leaning platform , or because he was not going far enough ) , those did n't vote macron . 
  - because they saw him as soft and lacking charisma , but still agreed with his policies , those voted macron . 
  - and some liked him anyway , they voted macron too . 
  https://youtu.be/lr5nr2yqvc4?t=8737 `` if france had been solicited , could or should it have taken part of [ trump 's ] strike ? '', 
  macron : `` with the correct informations [ on the responsibility of the gas attack ] , yes '', 
  it certainly needs truly democratic institutions , which would decide where the eu goes ( with countries that agree , and those who do n't can keep the statu quo or go back even further ) instead of treaties drafted between national leaders unconnected from the populations with the economic ideology of germany . 
  i must say , even if i voted m\u00e9lenchon , that i was quite attracted to hamon 's ( piketty 's , in fact ) projects of a eurozone assembly , which would have been able to take fiscal decisions and end austerity . 
  i accept your nuance on the far too broad statement you made earlier . 
  i 'll just say that by going on like this and refusing to reform the eu will go to its end , but i 'm ready to be proved mistaken by future events . 
  you know there are other things than the eu in politics right ? 
  macron is center . 
  but if we add up hamon and m\u00e9lenchon 's scores indeed the left is far from destroyed . 
   how , agreed . 
  but that 's not the debate the far right is trying to have . 
  it 's should , and that debate is far more settled . 
  by instilling this sort of narrative , you 're actually helping the debate to shift to should instead of how . 
  the people who are unhappy with how globalisation is handled will go to the side which is still an alternative to the current ideology , and those past decades it has been the fn , after the left decided it was better to be right-wing after all . 
   except the economist endorsed macron . 
  yes , and the economist being economically liberal , it has got an active interest in grouping all opposition to its ideology with the nationalist and nativist far-right . 
  it 's a win-win for both sides . 
   the fight in the past has been how do we globalize responsibly between the left and right , not if we should . 
  the problem is that fight is not over , at all . 
   as the economist says , it 's not left vs right right now . 
  it 's open vs closed . 
  that 's why i 'm backing macron above both melenchon and le pen . 
  funny how this is exactly the narrative pushed by the fn : `` globalists vs sovereigntists '' . 
  you can hate hollande and hate sarkozy even more , it is n't binary . 
  i 'm just highlighting that macron 's liberal platform and policies wo n't change whoever he 'd be facing in the second round . 
  that does n't mean fillon is better . 
   a macron vs fillon second round would make him go to the left , because he would have to win over melenchon voters and hamon voters ( all three that are left ) . 
  and even if that happens we all saw what the leftist promises of hollande really meant . 
  voting for macron if you 're economically liberal i can completely understand . 
  voting for him while hoping he does anything social is deluding yourself . 
  she has 0 % chance according to this because in every configuration she 's predicted to lose by a meaningful margin . 
  i guess betting sites also consider the possibility of polls being off , and they do n't want to give 100:1 odds if she 's predicted to lose only by 10 points in the second round . 
  nope . 
  you can use a referendum ( article 11 ) to change the constitution , as de gaulle did in 1962 . 
   the imperial army basicly won the war in 1635 after the treaty of prague and a more centralized german state ruled from vienna could have emerged . 
  instead richelieu decided to make an alliance with sweden and the protestants ( ! ), 
  against habsburg and prolonged the conflict for further 13 years . 
  the consequence for german lands has been desastrous , every third german inhabitant ( a much higher percentage than in ww1 and ww2 together ) got killed in this war and the social and economical development of germany has been damaged for centuries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war#political_consequences yes but that does n't necessarily mean a growth of anti-french sentiment , which the wikipedia article does n't expand about either . 
   napoleon iii actually declared war on bismarck , not the other way round !, 
  and already in 1848 france hasnt supported the democratic revolution in germany , but prefered small reactionary instead of a unified democratic germany . 
  he played right into the hands of bismarck by doing so . 
  but i think he knew he would lose , it was just politically impossible in his mind to let the humiliation pass . 
  still , i was talking of the years before 1870 . 
  unification was practically over by then , it just needed the catalyst . 
  french people voted for internal political stability , not against the german unification . 
  this is because france was a rural country in the 19th century , we see several times this trend of the cities making a revolution and the countryside voting against it , for stability . 
   maybe in france , but in germany the anti-french sentiment stemmed from the french invasions in the 30 years war and the napoleonic war . 
  as far back as the 30 years war ? 
  how so ? 
  i counted the resentment from the napoleonic wars in the german unification , but it does n't make sense you 're right , they have causes in common but it does n't make them that much related . 
   that french always tried to divide the member states of the holy roman empire by making alliances with some against others doesnt change that this has always been directed against the emergence of a strong german nation state . 
  thats the main reason why germany ( like italy ) took such a long time to become nation states . 
  not really . 
  france was passive in front of bismarck 's unification plan , and it even helped italy to unify . 
  that was because napoleon iii was a proponent of the `` principle of nationalities '' , which was quite short-sighted in hindsight . 
   but those conflicts arise naturally for one reason or another . 
  ideology , power resources , it usually happens between neighboring great powers . 
  that is what history naturally is like . 
  conflicts is n't enough to provoke war . 
  else the eu would n't exist . 
  there is a mediation between the costs and the gains of conflict before going to war . 
  and again , if they 're naturally at war , they 're natural enemies , there is an implication from war to enemy . 
   at the moment simone and heinrich do not feel particualrly in survival mode luckily , but the moment they do i would not be surprised by thousands of new nuclear weapons pointed everywhere . 
  both nations could do it . 
  you 're delusional if you think nuclear weapons already are n't pointed toward other nations . 
  the eu is n't preventing that . 
  only nuclear disarmament would prevent that . 
   but it would make such a war more likely . 
  yes , i agree . 
  but not by the large margin you claimed . 
   depends on how you play it . 
  go to the pleps with `` united in diversity '' and it wont work . 
  go to them with : `` you are europeans . 
  you have built the greatest civilizations , produced the greatest art etc '' and it might work . 
  it worked for ordinary nationalism as well . 
  ordinary nationalism has fought regionalism to level the country around one culture . 
  for european nationalism to prevail , it will have to eradicate the current nations . 
  the problem is , you have to create that european culture , and so which language and culture do you chose ? 
  german ? 
  french ? 
  italian ? 
  polish ? 
  you can only chose one , and , since the union is so diverse no culture has a majority of numbers and power , that means the balance of power is heavily skewed against the culture around which you 're trying to unify europe . 
  the other nations you 're trying to erase will fight it , even if their government is complicit with the unification there will be nationalistic movements that will appear .
