  just put an approximately young man with old ideas and people think he 's their saviour . 
  not all people care if it 's approximative or even far-fetched , i suppose . 
  what makes you think their popularity could n't have gone up between 1933 and 1938 ? 
  besides , those elections represent the germans ' opinion , not the austrians ' . 
   such as ? 
  such as when an assistant of fran\u00e7ois fillon is demonised for wearing a christian cross in front of cameras . 
  i agree that it 's a bit fanatical at times . 
  because france may be an imperfect democracy , but it still is one . 
  yes and yes . 
  actually the polls did help him win the primary . 
  he was recorded gaining vote intentions two weeks ago and that made him go up as people were influenced by that information . 
  [ here 's an article on that . 
  he wo n't have as much transfer of votes from the left as jupp\u00e9 , i think she will fare better against him . 
  at least the polls were predicting that , but he may have gained momentum now . 
   the fn has had support from neo-nazis since the 50 's . 
  and , i 'm pretty sure they are not the bulk of the 30 % voting for le pen and neither are them the base the fn is trying to appeal to . 
  so painting a le pen presidency as the third reich is quite disingenuous . 
  bayrou , goulard and de sarnez were chosen because of macron 's alliance with modem . 
  the investigations only started after they became ministers but there was a reveal during the presidential campaign by someone claiming to have been a former modem parliamentary assistant , but he was not taken seriously by the media . 
  ferrand is not under investigation , i was wrong , but the reveals came after he became minister in his case . 
  he was one of the first to join macron , so that 's probably why he was chosen . 
  he asked those ministers to leave as they were under investigation , better than trump although he took his sweet time to do so , waiting for the legislative elections to end . 
  and he gave ferrand another influential position . 
  this is not accountability , the congress can not ask him questions as he leaves immediately after his speech , let alone being able to destitute him . 
  and the government is already politically responsible to the lower house . 
  it 's funny until it becomes infuriating to try to use that word unequivocally in english . 
  also known as [ jure uxoris ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jure_uxoris ) . 
  i find it strange that the sources are always from the us , why is the american congress so interested in this issue and why is there no investigating or reporting done in france itself ? 
  how does it work in portugal ? 
  here we sign next to our name when we vote so we have exactly a list of people who voted . 
  hollande passed his laws and brutally repressed the protests . 
  how better is it gon na be this time when those projects were actually in the president 's campaign manifesto ? 
  [ marianne detailed the jobs the assistants who are being investigated had elsewhere ( in french too ) . 
  bernard arnault , the owner of lvmh . 
  maybe the opportunists act only at a national level because brussels is powerless as you say ? 
  when a pis-like is elected at the federal eu level , what 's going to stop it then , the un ? 
  what an embarrassment , last month he was calling himself the hermes of macron/jupiter in new york . 
  is ethiopia more developed than its neighbours ? 
   i just do n't think macron actually believes he will get anything for following some arbitrary eu-limit so i do n't see why that would help him in any way . 
    i also ca n't claim that i know much about french politics or budget plans . 
  but i guess it seems contrary if what you say is true . 
  well then i do n't know what 's his goal since he does want to reach that 2 % spending . 
  from the article : `` however , mr macron has also said he wants to raise defence spending in 2018 by $ 1.5 bn to $ 34.2 bn . 
  furthermore , he has pledged to lift the defence budget from 1.77 % of gdp to nato 's target of 2 % by 2025 . 
  that would mean a sum of $ 50bn - at least a further $ 2bn each year , unprecedented in france . '', 
   my point was just that there are good reason to make some cuts in the budget to make it balanced . 
  sure , but in that case it does n't make sense . 
  but he wants to increase military spending to reach 2 % of gdp by 2025 , how does it make any sense to decrease the budget one year and to increase it the next one , beside this short-term goal in the hope to be respected by merkel ? 
   because that 's the reality in many french schools has there been any study underlining that ? 
  or are you just talking about your own experience ? 
  if take home tests are favoured in your country as / u/einesfreundesfreund implies how do they create parroting ? 
  on the contrary you do n't have access to that knowledge on timed tests thus they incite you to learn as much information as you can which you could just search on a take home test . 
  still , there 's an argument to be made that learnt knowledge is more assimilated than accessible knowledge , so timed tests are n't that bad . 
  it would be if the genders were switched , but since in that case the woman is the older person it 's romantic instead . 
  france itself is a warmonger . 
  that just shows the limits of the progressive v. conservative framework . 
  of course if you 're economically liberal you 'll see deregulation of labour protections as progressive , but if you 're not you 'll see that as a regression . 
  everyone has got their own idea of what progress is so this is a very bad method for describing policies . 
  you said `` we killed the king for that '' , which implies it 's the main reason . 
  he never was that popular in france , but / r/europe had a big boner on him as he was the most europeist candidate . 
  louis xvi was n't executed because of the economic crisis , he was executed because he was seen as an opponent to the revolution and because of the philosophical principles held by the dominant force in the convention ( cf saint-just 's speech : `` a king must reign or die '' , he must be killed because he was a king and not because of what he did ) . 
  yes , the revolution happened in part due to the help provided to american separatists that increased the crisis , but it 's pretty disingenuous to claim this was the direct cause of the execution of louis xvi . 
  the flag was a symbol , it meant he would have to bow to the will of the national assembly and the population , while he wanted an absolute monarchy . 
  the royalist mps had it figured out and just waited for him to die ( the next in line was an orleans so it would have reunited the two branches under a constitutional monarchy ) , they did n't expect that their majority would erode and some of them would vote the republican constitutional laws . 
  i should have phrased it differently , in 1830 they had never been independent in any man 's memory . 
  also there was n't the same sense of national sovereignty in medieval times as there is today , an entity could lose its `` independence '' by virtue of being inherited by the ruler of a greater one . 
  none of your provinces experienced decades or centuries of being a sovereign state before though . 
  languages are fluid though , if he sees that atheism has come to mostly refer to the [ rejection of belief that any deities exist ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/atheism#noun ) it 's normal not to identify as such if he does n't relate with that . 
  if you 're going that way , what 's the difference in practice with a deist ? 
  those positions are defined by beliefs . 
  what was so difficult in learning english as a second language to make you say that ? 
  i think all other languages dying would be a terrible loss , i do n't want to see a uniform globalised culture . 
   because this is one of the major critiques the european union receives from the citizens . 
  i seriously doubt most people 's major problem with the eu is redundant parliaments . 
  why do you feel betrayed ? 
  i find it way more petty to want to see them fail because they did n't choose to stay in the eu . 
  the eu should be a voluntary union , not a union where you stay out of fear of the consequences . 
  he was neither , those concepts did n't hold any meaning back then . 
  these jobs are not outsourced , these people work in france . 
  vietnam war was part of america 's policy of containment while the indochina war was a war of decolonisation . 
  agreed france should n't have fought against vietnamese , laotian and cambodian independence or colonised it in the first place , but it 's not responsible for the us intervention which was entirely an american decision . 
  also most of these were done jointly with the uk though so i do n't understand why you single out france . 
  especially the rise of the saudi dynasty which was n't even a french failure as you 're saying but a british one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hussein_bin_ali,_sharif_of_mecca#exile_and_abdication, 
  except they were still the opposing party profiting from `` alternance '' , now it 's lr , so they 're most probably written off as a governmental party . 
  i hope if he passes his reforms this will actually wake up people to boost the unions influence ( before those reforms the agreements were necessarily more favourable than the law so they were n't as useful ) , else it 'll be a disaster for labour rights with companies pretty much having free reign on deciding them . 
  probably wo n't happen , oh well . 
  what does leader of the west even mean ? 
  the us will keep being the most prominent economic and military power in the west for a long time to come , trump or not . 
  i do n't think that makes them any leader , but i do n't see how they could be superseded by the eu in any way . 
  the presidential election was basically handed over to macron by fillon though . 
  granted , it 's quite impressive how he prevented lr from rebuilding for the legislative elections , without losing the centre-left people . 
  no , he should have not decided to inscribe into law an emergency measure against terrorism that was used last year to prevent people from protesting against labour rights cuts . 
  my bad , i should have continued reading . 
  [ if you look at november 2016 ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_de_sondages_sur_l'%c3%a9lection_pr%c3%a9sidentielle_fran%c3%a7aise_de_2017#effectu.c3.a9s_avant_la_publication_de_la_liste_officielle_des_candidats ) , her polling numbers took a hit right after fillon surprisingly won the first round of the right-wing party 's primary , which may have brought back `` hardcore '' rightists to the ump . 
  she was still around 29 % a week after trump 's election . 
  i can speak for france : the fn got their best results ever in april and may , if you nitpick data by using the legislative election which is far less representative ( 50 % vs 20 % abstention ) , then the conclusion you make from that data is intrinsically flawed . 
  exactly . 
  30 % is not a particularly high score for the winner of a legislative election , the ump got quite more ( 40 % ) in 2007 for example , with a lower abstention at that . 
  the difference is that em is less polarising than the ps and ump were to each other , so it can actually expect to win most second rounds . 
  we 'll have to see if he delivers .
