  any american can post those photos on facebook and make fun of him , in a fascist regime that would be impossible . 
  there would n't be any social network not controlled closely by the state . 
   like i said trump is 80 % if the way there going by the official definition alone , and hes getting there very fast . 
  he is still behind what putin has accomplished , which btw is scary example of where the us could endup in a few years . 
  especially seeing how is already attacking the media ( putin killed and silenced anyone who exposed his corruption and dared to disagree ) i did n't say it 's impossible . 
  i said at the moment it 's a very very long way from a fascist regime . 
  it can happen , but it 's improbable i think . 
  i think we will see 4-8 years of a power-hungry president who does stupid and authoritarian things , but at the end there will be a change of power because the american regime and mentality are resistant enough to survive it . 
  i said geographically , some of them feeling they belong in the middle of the atlantic ocean does n't change that . 
  that 's a very vague definition of fascism and it 's not the one supported by historians . 
  that would make all nationalistic dictatorships fascists , which is not the case . 
  i guess it does n't matter to argue , people are just going to go the way that support their world view . 
  i mean , on the post below you argue that protest are `` bread and circuses '' . 
  even if they are so , there are * no * protests under a fascist regime , there is no democratic party in the opposition , even one that has no control of the three branches . 
  calling it modern fascism makes no sense unless it referred itself to `` ancient '' fascism , which it does not , or that it shared strong traits , which it does neither . 
  you 're just using a pejorative word to spin a narrative . 
  you could argue against it more effectively if you did n't resort to such shortcuts which damage your arguments and your credibility . 
   fascists believe that liberal democracy is obsolete trump is liberal in the true meaning of the world , and i do n't recall him ever speaking out against democracy . 
   they regard the complete mobilization of society under a totalitarian one-party state as necessary to prepare a nation for armed conflict and to respond effectively to economic difficulties hmm sound familiar ? 
  has trump taken any action to make the republican party the official party ? 
  no he did n't . 
   such a state is led by a strong leader largest hands check yes . 
  but not a very charismatic one , half the country hates his guts . 
  though i 'm sure he 'd like if it were n't the case , so that point stands . 
   fascism rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature torturous_check this is a bit vague . 
  there are no militias operating for trump and attacking the political opposition like it 's the case under fascist regimes . 
   and views political violence , war , and imperialism as means that can achieve national rejuvenation check likewise for political violence . 
  and trump actually spoke out against imperialism . 
   fascists advocate a mixed economy , with the principal goal of achieving autarky through protectionist and interventionist economic policies check well he is a protectionist , but not an interventionist . 
  this is not a strong enough case . 
  strong leaders and protectionism can be found in democracies or regular dictatorships , if that 's what people call fascism then i understand a lot better , but it 's not historically supported . 
  no it 's not . 
  it will probably be 30 \u00b1 5 % in the second round . 
  the fn and its support have changed . 
  them making it to the second round was a surprise in 2002 , now it 's expected . 
  he wo n't drop , and he wo n't even ally with hamon during the legislative elections if the latter pushes the same mps who voted for or wrote liberal ( economic sense ) laws under hollande . 
  this makes sense ideologically . 
  this will cost them the election but then again , he 's right to fear trusting the ps after these last 5 years . 
  i 'm really tired of seeing fascist used as a general pejorative word . 
  use authoritarian , fascist has a real definition that does n't apply at the moment . 
  all those countries are geographically located on europe . 
  i switched some weeks ago and while there are times where that is annoying i feel that for like 95 % of my queries i do n't need a super algorithm . 
  rest of the time i just make that specific search on google . 
  even if they seem obvious , and even if that was indeed the right course to choose ( which is a matter of opinion ) , not everyone feels this way , and they wo n't before a long time . 
  so yes , if you support doing everything at the present to unify the eu , then you 're forcing it on them . 
  except there 's never going to be a united europe in the next decades , it would take a much longer time to change mentalities , forcing unification will only make it weaker than the sum of its parts . 
  it depends , if it 's not right after a legislative election then the president would dissolve the assembly . 
  in fact , there was only one successful vote of no confidence during the course of the 5th republic , and the president `` won '' the elections that followed his dissolution of the assembly . 
  since then , the assembly has pretty much been obedient to the president and his government ( when they were of the same party , of course ) . 
  which is a big problem in itself . 
  if there was a legislative election during the president 's term and his party lost , he did n't try to force a pm the majority did n't want since it would be very unpopular . 
  thus the pm and the president were from different parties and it was practically a parliamentary system during that time , with the president only deciding upon defense and diplomacy matters . 
  this is not possible anymore as the terms now have the same duration and people vote for the party of the just elected president . 
   i doubt voters and normal partymembers would understand such a maneuver . 
  but those who voted valls * are * closer to macron and do n't recognise themselves in hamon , and some will indeed vote macron despite the result of the primary . 
  the ps will be condemned to inconsistency and disappointment if it fails to admit there 's an ideological gap inside it . 
  you 're right . 
  well all tend to want some foreign candidate to win because it would support our own interests . 
  it just dawned on me how absurd it looks when you 're on the other side , but i understand since i do the same thing . 
  good luck pushing that idea in france , the trauma is still big . 
  this whole sub does now . 
  it 's not very difficult , you just have to be pro-eu and not want to soothe relations with russia . 
  he 's talking about voters who strongly dislike both candidates , ie left-leaning people if it is macron/fillon vs le pen . 
   yes , the race does not define a genetically homogeneous group , but it takes a social `` scientist '' to go from that to calling race a `` purely social construct '' . 
  what would you want to call it then ? 
  i already explained to you how race is not supported by biology . 
   the difference between racism and xenophobia is that you can not tell whether i 'm latvian , german or russian just by my looks , while there is no way you would take me for a black person or an eastern asian , and the excuses for being racist and xenophobic are usually different as well . 
  i ca n't tell if someone is jewish by his/her looks , is it xenophobia if i have strong hate feelings toward that person even though s/he has the same culture and the same nationality as me ? 
  they are social construct that can be based on physical distinctions like skin colour , but they are not limited to it , they add meaning to it . 
  black is not a skin colour , what we consider black people have a very diverse set of skin colour , that other people can have while we do n't define them as black . 
  [ that girl ] ( http://kalamu.com/neogriot/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/dark-skin-india.jpg ) has a darker skin than obama , yet obama is considered black and she is not . 
  they have no scientific basis because skin colour ( or other physical distinctions ) is a minor physical trait that can not define a homogeneous genetic group . 
  races only have a meaning in domesticated species where man has supervised the creation of such a homogeneous group . 
  well , yes , it can use skin colour as a basis , a social construct does n't mean it 's built ex nihilo , but it adds a subjective meaning ( considering that black people share other things than skin colour , for example : being tall , running fast , being poor , having a low iq , etc ) to a single and isolated fact ( having a dark skin ) . 
  races have no scientific basis , they are social constructs . 
  as long as there are people considering jewish and german to be races , then they are so from a social point of view . 
  so , if you want to convince me that german is not race , then neither is black . 
  you can not objectify races and thus ca n't decide for others what are races and what are not . 
  either you want to understand racism and then you have to accept every identity can be framed as a race , or you want to understand the distribution of human phenotype and in that you case you can not observe any such race . 
  it probably was and in that case i 'm deserving the downvotes . 
  still , i think that 's a bad word to represent it , especially in a post where you 're going to make a ww2 analogy . 
  the same goes for brexit , english has a word that actually means that without ambiguity : eurosceptic . 
  europhobe is something else . 
  but jewish or black are ? 
  there is no race , that 's not what racism is . 
  no he 's saying she 's a female french trump , which is an inaccurate analogy but i can understand why he 'd make that mistake . 
  so opposing germany 's position in europe means that you are racist ? 
  that kind of imagery is not really novelty in france , see de gaulle considering britain as the american trojan horse in the eu . 
   scientific conferences in france if they do conferences in english abroad , i do n't think it 's really a problem that they do it in french in france , as long as they 're aware it decreases the reach of what they 're saying . 
  english is n't a substitute for national languages . 
  that 's false , napoleon iii supported the `` principles of nationalities '' . 
  if he opposed the unification of germany as much as you claim , he would have reacted when prussia annexed parts of austria and denmark and dissolved the germanic confederation to replace it with its own . 
  the whole ems dispatch affair was about surrounding france with hohenzollerns ( a possibility reminiscent of the spanish habsburgs for france ) , not uniting germany . 
  this is obscuring that bismarck did everything he could to create this war , both prussia and france ( really poor decision-making to jump in the trap where there was no real hope of prevailing ... ) are responsible for this . 
  because the kingdom died out and its regions got separated ( and thus stuck to other names ) while the two other regions kept being entities ( though the franche-comt\u00e9 lost the bourgogne part in its name ) . 
  you could make the same case about aquitaine . 
  history is full of contingency , the things that make sense logically do n't necessarily happen . 
  i sure hope not . 
  wait i thought it was the evil old people that voted leave . 
  macron is hardly left-leaning , anyway .
