   and the general population ca n't understand big picture things because they 're more worried about who will win [ enter popular singing show ] than they are about the state of the economy in 10 years ' time . 
  the population does n't necessarily know better than politicians . 
  then technicians should run the country and there should n't be votes . 
  i think the population can very well know what it wants when its decisions really matter . 
  because it is n't representative in practice , nothing stops politicians from doing what they want once elected , and then there 's a issue of them being separated from the real problems of the population by living in their bubble . 
  and most are n't representatives . 
  being elected does n't bind you to represent your voters , and even less so your country . 
  imperative mandates at least make some sense . 
  but it is the only way still in action in the world . 
  then they should n't have representatives , if they 're not worthy to have a say in public affairs ... how can people advocate representative democracy when they 're in conflict with the very principle of democracy ? 
  we do n't have many referendums here either , even though our entire political system was based on them , and when [ we do ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) , well , [ we do n't ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lisbon ) . 
  not really , that just shows the hypocrisy or contradiction of some people , it 's not really related to the inherent idea of democracy . 
  as for how it is better than all the others , on what basis ? 
  why ? 
  if the reason is you think people are voting badly , then they 're always going to , direct democracy or not . 
  and then they should n't elect people to power already , because you ca n't say they ca n't make a direct decision whilst saying they can choose the person to make that decision . 
  either we scrap the word `` democracy '' because we do n't like lower classes or we truly apply democracy , there 's no point in keeping the illusion anymore . 
  that 's already making the assumption we have a sensible government , which has clearly been shown wrong in the last 3 years ( and those before ) . 
   who can decide what is democratic ? 
  the laws and the judges there are no democratic or undemocratic laws , there are laws instituted within democratic institutions and laws that were n't . 
  ( i 'm not talking about constitutional laws , since they define institutions , i do n't know if you were )  the laws are made by polititians that are elected by the people so at the end the legal solution is the democratic solution . 
  firstly , being elected does n't mean they are really going to represent their country , if they are n't controlled after election , which is the case in most countries that call themselves democracies . 
  this is a rule of the elected , but not democracy . 
  secondly , we 're specifically talking about the spanish constitution here . 
  i 'm not really versed in it , but i checked and it seems that it was n't neither written by a constituent assembly with this only power , nor were the people who wrote it made ineligible ( that means that the people who decide how the powers are organised are the same people who 're going to hold the power , wholly undemocratic ) . 
  to me that already disqualifies it as democratic in a `` representative democracy '' . 
  finally , in a `` true '' democracy , a constitution should not be approved by the people when it is already written , but every point of it should be submitted to popular approval . 
  also , in continuity to the precedent point , revisions or abrogation of the constitution should not be reserved to those who hold the power , but should also be made possible when the people wish it , that is , by initiative . 
  this is the most * legal * solution , democracy is a concept , a constitution can very well be undemocratic ( i 'd say all are ) . 
  yes i 'm not denying this was partly forced , that was n't my point . 
  this would have happened , albeit more slowly , with or without the war . 
  i said speak arab , not is muslim , but i get the sentiment . 
  such stats do not always agree with each other , since they 're quite difficult to make , here i can find you one where [ north african people made up 9 % of the population in 2004 ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/13377324 ) . 
  yes , i should n't have spouted a random number , but the point stands with or without the same numbers . 
  germans in america were immigrants , they did n't have their own country and they certainly did n't live there for thousands of years , they made the choice to leave their country whilst their language lived on where they left from . 
  this has nothing to do with destroying languages `` native '' to a country for as abstract a concept as europe , or for the dubious will to have a dominant place in the world . 
  and there are countries in europe where 10 % of the population speak arab . 
  this is hardly similar to different countries with different languages , immigrants give up their language eventually . 
  democracy needs decentralisation , not centralisation . 
  the usa is an example of two identities diverging , which is not really hard when there 's a whole ocean between them . 
  europe would be a good lot of identities which all have their own specificities converging . 
  there are n't many examples of this , the only one i can think having been truly successful is switzerland , since neither canada nor belgium are shining countries in this domain . 
  yet , switzerland has neither the size nor the multiplicity of europe , and it still took hundred of years . 
  i think people here are being too utopian ( for a change ) , europe will never form a cohesive block . 
  it was slovakian before being french though , since it came to anjou/lorraine when the house of anjou got the hungarian throne . 
  charles x , i uphold the charter ( constitution , sort of ) and allow the country to become a parliamentary monarchy , maybe call for a true democratic constitution to be written . 
  no july monarchy , no second republic , no second empire . 
  france does n't become a very politically unstable country , which weakened her and paved the way for antidemocratic institutions to be created in 1958 . 
  you can support the eu whilst not wanting an ugly flag , that seems reasonable . 
  weird how people want to homogenise everything about europe , when the very motto of the eu says otherwise . 
  yeah ... the characters compared are nothing alike . 
  louis x is just dumb , not cruel , robert is manly and neither his plans nor his motivations are really as deep or stretched as the ones of littlefinger , and he often gets involved violently in them . 
  cersei and isabella have more similarities , but their personalities are quite different . 
  george r. r. martin only cited it as an inspiration , the way the two stories work are pretty similar , but the content itself is too different to say it 's a `` complete inspiration '' . 
  asoiaf does n't have a single inspiration , and it has got as much original content . 
  we have less days per year but also more hours per day as you said . 
  the author does n't seem to take account of that . 
  i did n't mean it as some justification . 
  just that their opinion on colonisation is bound to be more difficult than the one of a former colony whose population is n't there only because of immigration . 
  just thought the ambiguity was interesting , on one hand their country still suffers a lot from colonisation and their ancestors were enslaved , in the other one everything that defines them , their home , their language , their culture , would be totally different if colonisation never happened . 
  it 's a weird case though since all the population of haiti was replaced . 
  would haitians prefer an abstract picture of africa ? 
  the us is the sole reason palestine is n't more recognised amongst western nations , this is n't really out of the blue . 
  stv is a good way to solve the arbitrariness of the lists whilst still keeping pr . 
  weird to be anti system when you 're advocating for an electoral system advantaging the biggest parties . 
  because , even if there is a degree of similarity , the two situations are mostly different . 
  an online post is an online post , not an official declaration of the russian government . 
  not having the law in the first place ? 
  also do n't they have a state church or something ? 
  hitler came to power through the support of right wings politicians who thought they could manipulate him and businessmen . 
  yes , a lot of people voted for him , but the weimar republic was far from a democracy at the time : milicias influencing the votes , violence against communists , and let alone that hindenburg was basically setting up an authoritarian power . 
  moreover , even if hitler came to power in democratic circumstances , constitutional counter-powers should have been there to prevent him to create a dictature . 
  basically , this has nothing to do with the voting system , i mean , how many countries with pr did n't turn to a dictature ? 
  france had pr during 12 years with communists having 20 % of the votes , more than the fn , yet it did n't turn into a bolshevik state . 
  and whatever you think about the national front , comparing them to nazis is just ludicrous . 
  i 'm not afraid of democracy , seriously , when did preventing diverging opinions to be represented become a normal thing to do ? 
  i can understand , albeit not agreeing with , refusing proportional representation for the sake a stable majority , but every voice should be heard and that is definitely not a good argument . 
  they 've got quite some company in europe too , two-round system is almost as bad as fptp . 
  anyway , that would make sense if mps were elected on the basis of a local program , but they 're not , people elect them for a national program so fptp just denies 40 to 60 % of the district 's population to have a say in the matter . 
  i 'm not saying this is good , i 'm just saying the argument is n't useful since , because they already are doing it , they do think it works , even if it 's not related to national security . 
  to go from the current situation to a federation , there still needs to be a pretty good deal of centralisation that leaves out any possibility for local governance . 
   starting by the fact that we all speak different languages and have different customs and ways of doing things , i ca n't see how a centralised eu would work . 
  if a political union is to ever happen , it needs to be a federation . 
  that part is clear , i think . 
  what is n't clear to me is how a federation ( even of smaller entities than countries ) can be compatible with local governance . 
  what 's the point of having a federal government at a european level if you want your problems dealt with locally ? 
  what 's the point of forming a union with people from thousands of kilometres away if you do n't share anything with them besides some powerless union ? 
  and if this union is not powerless , if there is , like you said , `` a common framework for laws , a common currency '' , where 's the local governance here ? 
  if my city does n't want the euro , if it 's not pro-ttip , can it do anything about it if a federal government in bruxelles is deciding of these things ? 
  maybe we disagree about what `` smaller countries with governments working closer to their citizens and caring about local problems '' are . 
  did you mean those working similarly as l\u00e4nder ? 
  they 're already doing it anyway , they 're only legalising it . 
  you know the national front is actually against that law ? 
  even though they 're not really better , i find it amusing that people fear more a hypothetical antidemocratic government than one that 's already in place . 
  i do n't really get your reasoning proving that they 're compatible . 
  a financial and a political union are a directly reversed situation from a local form of governance . 
  a european union is about centralising : common laws , common policies , common currency etc , not decentralising . 
  in that case , it would make way more sense to just end the eu and dividing the current states into smaller entities , because a european authority is still in essence more removed from local problems than a national one . 
  is n't this the only possible way of doing things with that voting system ? 
  what would be the purpose of the european union then ?
