   but other than with maybe russia which is the least of these threats due to their small size and economy , geography comes to our advantage here . 
  this is weird coming from you . 
  russia has got a large nuclear arsenal . 
  you tell me you fear a confrontation between germany and france , when germany does n't even have any nuclear weapon yet , but russia is n't a big threat ? 
   china and the us are far awy and conventional power projection into europe is likely impossible . 
  there will be clashes nonetheless , because if the eu becomes one , it will be a global power and thus will compete with global resources against the us and china . 
   no , because i did not claim that france always was at war with all german states , but with some of them . 
  set theory . . then your argument does not support your point ( which is that france and germany are natural enemies ) , and it 's your only argument sadly . 
   it makes no difference in this context . 
  both were extremely bloody . 
  also 30ys war was not merely geopolitical but also religious . 
  france was a catholic state allied with protestant states . 
  so yes , on the part of france it was purely geopolitical . 
   what ? 
  of course it was possible . 
  my theory of history is not : `` those two states are immutable enemies . '', 
  it is more like : `` these two regions have fought extremely disastrous wars over the centuries for a variety of reasons , so maybe we should really loo out for political configurations that makes this unlikely because such a war with modern weapons is the last thing we need '' . 
  then maybe you should n't use the adjective natural , since it does n't mean what you think it does . 
   nope . 
  there just need to be enough sources for conflicts of interest between two populations to have them clash repeatedly over centuries , withoiut either of them thinking of some arch rivalry . 
  then they are not naturally at war as you claimed . 
  they are at war because they considered those conflict of interests big enough to justify fighting . 
   maybe you do not need it , but it certainly makes war less likely . 
  well your original point was that you needed it . 
  on that new point , we can agree . 
  still :  every bit you make war more likely , you make the long term survival of our species less likely . 
  modern germany 's industrial and scientific capabilities especially are way more destructive than at any point in history - keeping them peaceful is very important . 
  you have a very pessimistic view of the future which i do n't share . 
  but such a thing is purely subjective so i wo n't argue against it . 
   but it would be more difficult , the more freely both actors are . 
  leaving the eu is an insane proposition . 
  there is nothing insane about it ( at least given the present arguments ) since , as i explained to you , france and germany wo n't be at war just because they are n't in the same political union . 
  as such , the most meaningful way to examine this proposition is by taking other factors into account such as economic and political variables , which is what most people do . 
   that one likely does not work as well as havin pan european nationalism . 
  pan-european nationalism will not work without being * heavily * resisted , most people do not recognise themselves in an abstract european superstate . 
  it will also have the undesirable effect to put us in the same situation that france and germany had , but against russia , or china , or the usa or whatever force there is which does n't have the same interests as the eu . 
  thus , a european nationalism is no better than a french or german nationalism ( and has even more of the potential of destruction you fear ) . 
  i do n't see it . 
  i guess that since it 's a probabilistic model and not a statistical observation there is no margin of error , but you 're probably better off google translating the methodology page to understand how it 's done . 
   i explicitely remarked that france was at the time fighting against some preucrusor states of germany , not all of them . 
  i made this clear in all of my posts . 
  please go into the trouble of readinbg what i wrote . 
  yes , and it was allied with some others . 
  so your argument that france and germany were always at war loses all its basis . 
   the enlighten me which complexity i left out ? 
  there were extremely many and bloody wars between france and germany ( and its precursor states ) . 
  that is simply a correct observation . 
  between france and * some * german states . 
  you can not make the shortcut to germany as a whole . 
  also , you 're confusing wars for geopolitical interests , and nationalistic wars . 
  sometimes they can coexist ( ww1 and ww2 ) , but before the 19th century most wars only belonged to the first type . 
  out of geopolitical interests , france was for a long time an enemy of austria . 
  it did n't stop france from switching to an alliance with austria when it felt it was in its interest to do so in the 18th century . 
  if we followed your simplistic view of history , then that would not have been possible . 
   i did not say anything about natural enemies , that is your fabrications . 
  i said that naturally there was war between german states and france ( true ) i fail to see what distinction do you make between the two sentences . 
  if there is naturally war between the two countries , then surely they are natural enemies ? 
  or can you be at war without being enemies ? 
   and that closely aligning their political systems and interests might prevent it , not that it is sure to prevent it . 
  i did not claim it is impossible , just less likely , because historically there has been a lot of war between these regions . 
  the eu aligns the economic and political interests . 
  weaken these ties at your own peril . 
  and my answer is that you do n't need a political union to prevent wars between the two countries . 
  you indeed need to ensure that the geopolitical interests are aligned or at least do n't conflict , which is achieved by diplomatic and economic ties ( which you can have without the eu ) , and that nationalistic sentiments do not grow again , which is achieved by education and cultural cooperation . 
  germany did n't exist as a unified nation at the time . 
   the thirty years war on the side of france : saxony , palatinate , brunswick , brandenburg-prussia . 
   the war of austrian succession on the side of france : bavaria , prussia , saxony . 
   the seven years war on the side of france : bavaria , saxony . 
   if your view is contradicted by all of history , maybe it is wrong ? 
  maybe history is a bit more complex than you think it is . 
  now explain to me how could efforts such as those of briand and stresemann or the ecsc even be possible if france and germany are `` natural '' enemies that only the eu prevents from fighting each other off ? 
  at one point they did have to stop fighting to build the eu . 
  what changed so much that a state without the eu and without fighting is impossible ? 
  history is not natural . 
  the nationalist hatred mostly comes from the 19th century with the german unification and the war of 1870 . 
  this hatred is well over by now , even if the eu ceases to exist there will be no war between us . 
  stopping immigration wo n't stop the problems with the immigrants we already have in france . 
  we 're not going to treat a shooting as a normal thing because you want macron to win . 
  is that the sort of model you 're talking about ? 
   i 'm hoping that france has a `` business as usual '' reaction seriously ? 
  aaah right , sorry . 
  still sounds a bit tedious to me ( maybe it 's just a matter of habit , after all it 's the same with the ^ and \u00a8 for us ) but it makes more sense . 
  to be fair it has caught on here too , which is unfortunate . 
  for example hollande said he would end his presidency at fighting populism . 
  yes they 're closer to le pen but there 's still a big stigma around the fn in spite of le pen 's best efforts . 
  most of them would abstain i think , and wait for the legislative elections to turn the tide . 
  i never understood why anyone cared about that . 
  they ban who they want and we post the link to the subs we want . 
  he backtracked several times on it sadly , that did n't send a really good message . 
  the fn is a familial party . 
  there 's not a snowball 's chance in hell that le pen 's position will be contested . 
  the only one who could do that is her niece , but she 's too young to have presidential ambitions yet anyway . 
  if we 're to change keyboards there are good tailored dispositions like b\u00e9po or dvorak . 
  the french canadian one does n't look more practical than ours , it 's basically qwerty and there 's only one accent . 
  he would n't need support from parliamentary houses as he said he 'll use a referendum to trigger the call of the constituent assembly , so he just needs support from the population . 
  the 2/3 ( actually it 's 3/5 ) of the assembly + senate that / u/yannickmahe is speaking about concern the official way to revise the constitution . 
  to make the presidential election direct in 1962 , de gaulle used a single referendum by playing on the ambiguity of the constitution . 
  since that was ruled constitutional m\u00e9lenchon does n't need to go through the usual way . 
  so was lionel jospin , who was pm for 5 years . 
  mitterrand was close to the far-right in his youth .
