  i have no idea what he 'll campaign . 
  he 'd be the president . 
  how will he lean ? 
  nothing stops a president from remaining neutral on a referendum , and it seems to be his stance . 
  it 's actually quite close to the constitutional role of the president , that of a mediator of the political life . 
   a referendum on accepting the results that will result in a no will mean a frexit referendum and from the momentum of the first vote will mean a yes on frexit . 
   c'mon man , we 're not stupid . 
  i was confused by your choice of words so to me at least it needed clarification . 
  the referendum is on the acceptation of the results , on that we can agree . 
  of course a no would give considerable momentum for france leaving the eu , but there 's little chance he would withdraw france from the union without another referendum on the question . 
   true . 
  melenchon put his finger on the nuclear button and we have no idea what will make him not launch the nukes . 
  that 's the state we 'd be with melenchon pr\u00e9sident de la france . 
  kinda weird for such an important issue to not know what will make him happy . 
  thankfully we do n't need to know what will make him happy , since , as he says in the video you posted , he leaves the decision to the french people . 
  do you have a problem with the french people deciding its future ? 
   because he has said that he will negociate to change the eu and whatever the outcome of the negociations he will ask for a referendum . 
  a referendum on whether he should accept the results of the negotiations or not , to be clear to anyone reading us , not on france 's membership . 
   let 's say the negociations are fair and he obtains 50 % of what he asked . 
  he 'll have his referendum and since he only got 50 % of what he 'll campaign for out . 
   it 's not polite to lie to our fellow europeans . 
  and where do you take that from ? 
  it 's not polite to lie to me or anyone reading you either . 
  this is speculation and you should phrase it as such . 
   does not have a clear statement of what he wants to obtain from the eu it 's in his platform . 
  http://f-i.jlm2017.fr/synthese1 iv .2  does not define what successful negociations will be he leaves that to the french people to decide via the referendum , that 's in the video you posted . 
   does not understand that the result of any negociation need to be ratified by all eu country parliaments you make a fair point here . 
  he does n't really seem to take that into account . 
  exactly . 
  it 's ridiculous that they now pretend to argue for composure . 
  they only do that because they know that military action will be unpopular and since they 're leaving office next month . 
  he does n't use it to get votes ; eurosceptics vote for le pen or asselineau anyway . 
  he wants to use it as leverage in negotiations , after analysing why tsipras failed . 
  nobody gets jailed just for smoking cannabis , so only 2 of the major candidates want to change things toward `` relaxation '' . 
  macron also backtracked on the issue , he said he wanted decriminalisation originally . 
  you 'll probably be worse off under his system if you smoke , since it 's way easier to just give a fine . 
  we should only leave if the eu is still not willing to listen to the french people 's decision ( on the eventuality where a pro-statu quo candidate is n't elected next month ) , like it did with greece . 
  i was just illustrating that the eu is an organisation that defends its interests first and foremost , not a friend . 
  there are only two trotskyists running , you would have to be quite ignorant to call m\u00e9lenchon a trotskyist . 
  i do n't see the issue though , seeing it as a bad thing is actually a problem to me , are trotskyists forbidden to run for elections ? 
  2005 , france voted no to the constitutional treaty . 
  french and german politicians quickly devised a new treaty with the same content that would n't be approbated via a referendum . 
  the european fiscal compact , he ran a platform against austerity . 
  if the eu screws us other , i have trouble considering them friends , although they 've done that with the obvious complicity of our own politicians . 
  asymmetrical relations are a bad thing . 
  hollande promised in 2012 he would renegotiate the treaties with merkel , merkel quickly put him back at his place . 
  macron 's relation with her does n't seem it will be different . 
  have you ever been to saint-denis ? 
  you think that feeling that the country you live in cares so little about you to let you live in deplorable conditions has nothing to do with you turning to other places to find meaning and channel your anger ? 
  do you think that being cut from the rest of society and only having contacts with people from your religion and your culture is not a problem for integration ? 
  are you aware that religious radicalisation is a recent phenomenon , after the political solutions attempted have failed ? 
  poverty plays a big part in the problems surrounding integration , and m\u00e9lenchon is n't shy of propositions on that issue . 
  it is true he is not as vehement against islam as le pen is , but i do n't think exclusively campaigning against their religion 's excess are going to make the muslims living in france feel more french . 
  even if there is indeed a problem , i fear her position will only further the divide , and even partly create it in some cases . 
  how is french society in shambles ? 
  you may be shadowbanned , i ca n't see your post elsewhere than in my mailbox . 
  to answer your post , people who voted for brexit cared about it , even if they did n't have your opinion on the matter . 
  sometimes you can explain things better when you consider your point of view is n't objective , and the domains on which you form your opinion may not be those others form theirs on . 
  plus , referendum is not a common practice in great britain , which makes it all the more easy not to have a true debate of ideas but fear-mongering and deception on each side . 
  trump was n't a referendum but an election . 
  so it 's actually an argument against representative democracy , if you think his election was a bad thing !, 
  because if you think people have been deceived by his words or that the choice between him or clinton was too poor , now they have given him and his party all power without any means to take it back . 
  do you know the voter turnout for referendums in switzerland ? 
  and that 's not even a direct democracy . 
  you overestimate the will of the ordinary people to bother to vote every week for issues they do n't care about . 
  yes it would . 
  people who have no clue would n't vote , people who care would vote against . 
  how do you reconcile that with the eu 's official economic orientation ? 
  they were considerably more autocratic than putin , which makes / u/clementine-on-a - walk 's point kind of awkward . 
  voltaire was a friend to frederic ii and catherine ii . 
  if anyone 's turning in his grave , it 's not him . 
  because they consider their relationship with russia will be a relation of equals , while they feel they are dictated around by the eu . 
  they resent america because they experience its imperialism directly . 
  to them russian imperialism is far away and irrelevant to their lives . 
  but i agree , we should cut the ties with both of them . 
  i was trying to explain why they thought that way . 
  i mean there are no true european or even french values . 
  there are reactionary tendencies despising the values the enlightenment brought and the legacy of the french revolution , and they see the traditional religious values as the true french ones . 
  they are a bit marginal , but those could very well wish for a french putin restoring a moral order . 
  still , if french people voting for le pen agree with her stance toward russia , i think it 's mostly because of their opposition to american imperialism . 
  [ false dilemma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_dilemma ), 
  the right would have loved that chance to make the government look contested in its parliament . 
  they pretended to be against it because it did n't go far enough , what they wanted was a dissolution as they would have clearly won the following elections . 
  so it probably would n't have passed and that 's why the government used the 49.3 three times . 
   remember the parliament always have the power to fuck off the government and the fact they did n't do it means that it was n't against the will of the governement . 
  that 's not really true . 
  if the ps mps had voted the no confidence vote , they would have been excluded from the party and not been invested for the elections following the dissolution . 
  there 's a reason there has n't been any successful no confidence vote since 1962 . 
  plus you completely overlooked the large popular protests he mentioned , and the fact that [ polls estimated most french people were against the law ] ( http://www.leparisien.fr/economie/sondage-71-des-francais-contre-la-loi-travail-24-03-2016-5656093.php ) . 
  ah , sorry for the misinterpretation . 
  well you 're free to join the army personally . 
  no need to impose that on others . 
  it 's not like that stopped them when we had conscription , and conscripts were n't sent anyway . 
  maybe we should treat the problem at the root instead . 
  what 's your point ? 
  was there a crusade when the ottomans conquered the balkans ? 
  it was not peaceful but it did n't justify a crusade . 
  the motivation to make the first crusade came from the turks preventing christian pilgrimages to jerusalem . 
  the islamic expansions began centuries before the first crusade . 
  i would n't call 60-40 a massive lead considering it 's the fn in front of him .
