  if you have an ounce of common sense you wo n't try to threaten a violent mob , because there 's no way that could make things better , only way worse for you . 
  his point is n't that you ca n't object to and try to prevent someone damaging or stealing your property , but you should n't be allowed to do more harm to them than they are willing to do to you . 
  i 'd want that too , but i fear it 's just not possible . 
  there 's no reasons for people in power to relinquish power . 
  and they 'll exploit their position of power to prevent those with better intentions to gain power through official rules , as they control the narrative ( with more or less intensity depending on the person ) . 
  the fn is not solution to this flawed system , indeed , they present themselves as anti-system but they do n't show any will to truly change it . 
  their political arguments are mostly cathartic . 
  i do n't think they 'll throw the world in chaos though , but just be incompetent and backtrack on their positions ( i may be wrong , although i hope i 'm not if they do win ) . 
  the way it is now , they 're basically a tool to keep the political status quo , and that makes me angry . 
  people prefer to `` fight '' them automatically than actually try to understand and solve the reasons why they appeal to so many people . 
  it 's a poll , do n't look too much into it , it 's probably within the margin of error . 
   is n't it suspicious how all of the sudden all these populist movements want the fall of eu ? 
  it 's an easy scapegoat , and it 's not particularly new . 
  anyway , maybe russia is pumping money into the fn , but that shows how bad our political system is if victory relies that much on money . 
  what about the small parties who do n't have a powerful country backing them for geopolitical interests , do their voice not count because they 're too small ? 
  at the end of the day , people vote for the fn because it convinces them more . 
  i do n't believe russian propaganda would have any efficiency here as they do n't know the country , so its influence is only in giving the fn more exposure . 
  but the mainstream parties that oppose them already have much more exposure . 
  thus , you should address why those people vote fn in the first place , instead of using russian money as a political argument or blindly deploring the growth of the support for the fn . 
  what you should also do however , is to guarantee the independence of political parties from foreign influence by solving the problem of financing that was there in the first place ( and of course , putting sanctions on those who do n't abide by the rules , because they do n't have any excuse anymore ) , but you should do that regardless of which party you have in mind . 
  of course they wo n't do that , because those who have power since forever do n't want to lose their advantageous position , so they 'll keep rambling about fn and russia and insulting voters of the fn hoping that fear will keep them in power . 
  this was mainly for the election . 
  he did n't really fight for it afterwards . 
  at least macron owns up to his ideas , we can give him that . 
  ps officials are not the ps voters , who are not even the ps militants . 
  i 'm talking about the first ones , those who will actually make and vote the laws . 
  macron and hollande are pretty much in line ( which is not baffling considering one was a minister for the other ) , and the ps in general is way closer to macron than hamon , despite the latter running for them . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is not eurosceptic , he 'd welcome a social europe and that 's why he want to revise the treaties , but he 's prepared for that approach to fail ( we 've seen what happened to syriza ) . 
  the rift comes from m\u00e9lenchon not trusting the ps to fulfill its promises ( which is pretty rational when you look at the past 5 years ) , even if hamon was honest he 'd still rely on the very mps that supported the labour law , the macron law , the spying law etc because they are established inside the ps and their electoral districts . 
  if he supported hamon and then it ended in a reenactment of the past 5 years , all that he stood for will have lost in credibility . 
  they do have points of contention ( like basic income ) , though . 
  also he 's not from the pcf , he does n't style himself as communist and he was in the ps for most of his political career , so it 's not particularly insane . 
  you can do both . 
  if you already have a large non-integrated and resentful population , maybe not making it grow would be wiser ... 
   it is unquestionable . 
  people having different opinions does n't make their opinions reasonable . 
  well , thinking their opinion is not reasonable is your opinion , as is your belief that humans need to unite globally . 
   some people do n't believe in climate change . 
  great . 
  they can have their opinions . 
  it 's still unquestionable and they are just idiots . 
  climate change is a scientifically recorded fact . 
  there 's nothing scientific about political matters , that 's why they 're only matters of opinion and that is why democracy is a better system than technocracy . 
   haha , you are one of the right wing voters are n't you ? 
  no , most right wing voters would actually be satisfied with the eu , if not for the supranational part . 
  i 'm not satisfied with it because of its economically liberal orientation and undemocratic functioning , which are instituted in its very core ( the treaties ) . 
  plus , even if i were a right-wing voter , that would not be enough to defeat my point , which you did n't even try to do , come on ...  what are you referring to if not nationalism ? 
  i 'm referring to decentralised decision-making , if you do n't know what that is may i suggest you google it ? 
   your point being ? 
  that there is a case for decentralised decision-making . 
   you do n't need national governments for decentralized decisionmaking . 
  indeed that is my point . 
  and thus your association of decentralised decision-making with nationalism makes all the less sense since even you recognise they are not the same . 
   that all humans need to unite globally is unquestionable it is not unquestionable , you have to accept that there can be differing opinions . 
   other nations focus on improving and reforming the eu itself and not opposing it . 
  there is no focus to reform the eu . 
  it 's not even possible , the treaties are untouchable . 
  if by reform you mean `` staying in the present course and deepening integration '' , then it is a very narrow definition of reform . 
   nationalism is inherently harmful to human society . 
  how do you go from decentralised decision-making to nationalism ? 
  you do understand that the closer the people are from those who make the decision , the easier they can accept it and influence it ? 
  this has literally nothing to do with nationalism , which is a * vision * of the world based on giving priority to the interests of your nation in every domain , not a method of lawmaking which can be used in a non-nationalistic society ... 
   corruption or embezzlement are the kind of dishonest we do n't like , i think . 
  well jupp\u00e9 and sarkozy were still serious contenders to be ump 's nominee in november , fillon is not dead yet , and chirac got a second term ( though you can partially thank j-m le pen for that ) . 
  maybe it 's only the right-wing voters that do n't care . 
  constitutionally the president has less power in france . 
  but in practice he 's pretty much assured , as the mps owe him their job since the elections follow each other , that they 'll never really oppose him ( the best the frondeurs could do was not vote the bills they disagreed with ) . 
  add to that that there is no system of checks and balances in france , and the president is actually quite more powerful than in the us . 
  in a proportional voting system they would n't get a majority either , there 's only fptp where they could have a chance . 
  creating a `` united front '' was the point of the ps which is an aberration today . 
  it 's not because you think you 're on the left that you agree with each other . 
  a voting system that suppresses the diversity of opinions , now that is stupid . 
  the university rankings favour the anglo-saxon educational structure . 
  the best schools in france have a low number of students and not that many researchers , which arbitrarily put them behind in such rankings . 
   this just shows that you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  ideologies are n't defined by their success . 
  if you say that you want to kill all the jews and have racial laws that favor ayrians then you are a nazi . 
  it does n't matter whether you actually end up having enough power to do what you want . 
  trump would be more than happy to prosecute journalists and protestors and stated this several times . 
  he wants to arrest people that burn the us flag . 
  his message is clearly fascist , whether he ends up succeeding is n't relevant in this context . 
  he may be a fascist in the closet , that 's not the point i 'm making . 
  he never called for the suppression of the democratic party , and he 'll never do it , which is what matters if you want to call the us a fascist regime . 
  i know the definition , it does n't apply and the evidence are substantial at best , once you set your political interests aside . 
  yes eco 's definition is close enough , but it 's an ideological take on fascism , specifically made to apply to modern ideologies and thus straying afar from the actual fascists regimes . 
  there 's a reason this definition is not used in the community of historians . 
  if you want to use that definition , then that does n't annoy me as long as you point it out and precise what it means . 
  otherwise , someone reading your post might just think you 're saying trump and mussolini are alike . 
   he repeatedly claimed the election was rigged ( and went quiet on the issue when he won ) . 
  the funny part now is that the election was probably rigged in his favor by putin . 
  and lets not forget he actually did not have a majority of the vote . 
  he 's saying that it was n't democratic enough to gain advantages , not that democracy is decadent and that they should abolish it , which a fascist leader would do . 
   the republican party now controls the presidency and both houses . 
  which is a possibility left open by the constitution . 
  and a phenomenon which can happen and have happened in most democracies . 
  a single-party regime does n't mean there 's only one party in power . 
  it means there 's only one party . 
  in the next elections there will be a candidate from the democratic party . 
   he is already suppressing any criticism of him , case in point blanket ban on social media communications from any us agencies because he is afraid they might make him look bad ( example photos of poor inauguration attendance , transport figures etc ) that 's a problem , i 'm not arguing against that . 
  but , again , it is not enough to make it a fascist regime .
