  are you not projecting here ? 
   obviously not . 
  you can not support m\u00e9lenchon and make such a difference . 
  no point in discussing any further . 
  you truly behave like a child . 
   glad that you took 20 lines to basically concede what i said . 
  read it again . 
  i said nobody on the far-left or on the far-right has such political propositions , you made a strawman there . 
   hahaha . 
  10 % , mostly students who have zero connection with the real world . 
   those have an average iq of 70 maximum . 
  they have zero common sense . 
  everyone has common sense , that 's the definition of common sense . 
  they do n't draw the same conclusion as you but that 's not enough to reject their positions . 
  you 're acting like a child who just wants everybody to agree with him , without making any effort . 
  when thomas paine wrote common sense he did n't say `` use your common sense '' or `` you do n't have common sense , idiot '' , he argued in a manner that would make his intended audience think and maybe agree with him . 
   maybe you should learn to make a difference between a promise on paper and how it can achieved in reality . 
  i can make that difference . 
  if you want to tell me that i 'm wrong , then do tell me . 
  but you seem unable to tell me why they ca n't be achieved in reality when i 'm asking you to , and i asked you to several times now ... 
   natural ? 
  the question was about fantasy . 
  if you 're appealing to someone 's common sense , you do not bring him anything to change his mind . 
  if i find within my realm of critical and logical thinking that the program of jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is not a fantasy , then appealing to my common sense will not have any effect because i already used it to draw this conclusion . 
  the only effect it will have is to tell me that it seems obvious to you that it is fantasy and not to me . 
  that 's why i said you have to transcend our natural understanding of the world to achieve an intellectual connection . 
  otherwise we 're going to be stuck in our own positions without any understanding of one another . 
  basically , when you appeal to common sense , you are in fact appealing to * your * common sense , with the belief that your understanding of the world is more accurate than the other 's . 
  but i do n't have your common sense , i have mine . 
  as such your appeal is doomed to fail . 
   if a politician says he will give every citizen a million euro in case he gets elected , you should know it 's pure fantasy . 
  no one is proposing that , so i do n't see your point . 
  if they are indeed fantasies , then they are not that simple surely or indeed most people 's common sense would prevent them from agreeing with it . 
  but a lot of people agree with m\u00e9lenchon , and even more agree with le pen , and they used their common sense in this occasion . 
  maybe you did n't inform yourself well enough about their political propositions . 
  that 's not an answer . 
  what seems natural to you is n't to others , and vice-versa . 
  i 'm talking about the effect of the policies in question , not his popularity ( which is not that high anyway ) . 
  i badly phrased it . 
   you can , actually . 
  and how ? 
  macron is not offering anything new , and it is n't working very well . 
  you ca n't know if what others offer is a fantasy before trying it out , but it 's a risk , of course . 
  [ because she 's still protected by parliamentary immunity , it 's legal for her to refuse to be interviewed by the police , as they ca n't coerce her into doing so . 
  ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2017/02/24/01016-20170224artfig00173-pourquoi-marine-le-pen-peut-elle-refuser-de-repondre-aux-enqueteurs.php ) i think that 's what he 's trying to say . 
  yes . 
  it would be almost the same if the usa sided with greece , except that most of nato is european so they 'd understand it better in that case . 
  it would still damage the organisation though . 
  the usa siding with turkey against greece would mean the end of nato 's credibility and their influence on its member states that comes with it . 
  i do n't see them sacrificing all that just to try to keep an unreliable turkey in their sphere . 
   calling the 5th a dictatorship yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  if you wo n't even bother to understand another point of view , no need to discuss . 
  there 's more to a democratic regime than mere stability . 
  today , the popular confidence in the political class is atrociously low , which shows how much it has failed . 
  if we were aiming for a technocracy or a dictatorship , where the people 's opinion does n't matter as long as things get done , i might agree that the 5th republic is a success , but it 's not . 
  if you look at de gaulle 's vision and justification for the new constitution , nothing beside stability has been achieved . 
  so yes , as a democratic regime , the 5th republic is a disaster . 
  the 4th republic failed in a different way , but indeed it failed . 
  yet , the 4th republic was only one kind of parliamentary regime , and in particularly troubled times for france ( wars of decolonisation , destructive political opposition by the communist and gaullist factions ) . 
  so it is not enough to reject the idea of a parliamentary regime in france , especially as we have examples of it working well in countries not specially different than ours . 
  while the 5th republic is n't ? 
  he was hollande 's minister of economy ... 
  i personally think that interests are relative . 
  if british people consider the control of their immigration ( or other things ... ) more important to their interests than being part of the european union , then they have to make that compromise . 
  democracy makes sense if you consider that the direction a country takes is only a matter of opinions , as there 's no way to predict what results will decisions have ; in that case , you should go with the will of the majority in order to avoid unrest and have a clear determinant of which decision to take . 
  if you do think there 's an objective path to follow , then of course democracy results in disaster because people make * bad * decisions and not merely * their * decisions . 
  ah , i thought you were only referring to the exit and not the degree of the exit , my bad . 
  indeed , considering the narrow margin by which leave won , she should have taken the most moderate path of leaving - or consulted again the country . 
  the country voted leave though . 
  she 's following the will of the british people , even if she 's not doing it out of conviction . 
  napoleon was only keen on self-determination when it served his own interests ( poland ) , not when it did n't ( annexation of parts or all of germany , spain , netherlands , croatia , italy ... ) . 
  i think they should ban election polls completely . 
  it makes no sense democratically to know the `` results '' in advance and it encourages strategic votes . 
  not before it solves its ideological and antidemocratic constitution . 
  and not in the way of the us , but rather a decentralised union with local democracy . 
  but in your comparison it would be akin to foreigners deciding not to come to europe because they want to wear niqab in public , which nobody is against . 
  she respected the cultural law by not meeting with the grand mufti , so your comparison does n't hold out . 
  i fail to see how it is not inherently pragmatic . 
  allying yourself with hollande 's party that practically shat on leftist ideals during 3 years seems a bad idea if you want to turn into reality those very ideals . 
  the problem we have is not that the left wo n't ally , it is that we have a party keeping monopoly of the word left when it has strayed away from it for a long time now . 
  fillon and macron actually tried to frame themselves as anti-establishment , it was quite comical . 
  that 's an opinion . 
  i personally think they should be able to do both . 
  i 'm just underlining that this method of testing mathematical abilities is not as objective as it seemed to you . 
  how is it integration to reproduce the country you 're from on a small scale ? 
  well , if your country has one of the highest scores in europe , you finding it natural seems in line with what / u/vladgrinch said . 
  though of course there 's more to our score than mere educational approach and cultural differences , i remember maths tests at that level being a lot more abstract than this in france . 
  it 's not really difficult when you exterminate or displace the native population to replace it with your own . 
  go back to / r/worldnews please . 
  ha ha . 
  let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that petain did n't know what he was doing . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  joke aside , p\u00e9tain was leading the group of ministers in the government wanting armistice against the head of government paul reynaud . 
  he was n't a tired and defeated man as he did n't try everything to save the country , he did n't join the government very early on and he was n't in charge of the war effort . 
  so he did know pretty well what he was doing . 
  likewise , when he collaborated with the nazis , he thought that would earn him and france a place in the new world order that hitler was creating . 
  he was n't used by them , he collaborated willingly ; paxton revealed that france was actually doing more than what the germans asked . 
  i would n't say always , the west was [ quite royalist ] ( http://geoelections.free.fr/france/histoire/1876/1876l.png ) in its days . 
  the price of american protection . 
  oh yes , nothing has changed during the last 15 years .
