spanish  wise pick one . 
   implying romania is any different from poland or yugoslavia . 
  just because we 're poorer ? 
  does this mean i am based ? 
   we know how it feels to be ripped apart wil never gib transylvania , hahahahahahahahhahahahhaahaha . 
  is this a joke ? 
  it 's not a funny joke . 
  this and opening a candy wrapper with rom in it make me miss that place . 
  beautiful . 
  like always , no one remembers romania . 
  yes , but no one banned all wear , just an article of clothing . 
  ( that frankly , has no place in modern europe anyway . ), 
  it 's wrong to tell people what to wear , yes , but in this case , no one is being told what to wear , they 're being told what * not * to wear . 
  that 's honestly a shame . 
  i hope they can change for the better soon . 
  if it has nothing to do with the topic , i worry because you might not win gold in mental gymnastics . 
  a lot of muslim women are born into their religion now-a-days , and their mothers did n't wear the veils because they were n't exactly living under sharia law not too long ago . 
  ( at least in iran , i think . ), 
  if that 's so i wonder why any terror attacks are happening in the name of islam . 
  you ca n't compare someone who chooses a lifestyle ( a nun , ) to someone who 's born into a lifestyle . 
  then why bring islam into europe ? 
  if that 's so , muslims should stop telling their wives what to wear . 
  no , it 's not , you 're not restricting them as much as telling them exactly what to wear , if you tell them what not to wear , they still have the options of , i do n't know , a bikini ? 
  no , it 's `` wear this , '' versus `` do n't wear this . '', 
  is it that difficult ? 
  it 's not telling women what they should wear , it 's telling women what not to wear . 
  you should be smart enough to know the difference . 
  baseless ? 
  george is a real person who has said these things himself , and that email leak is very real . 
  you 're just choosing to be ignorant about it . 
  how about you do a simple google search ? 
  i 'm not making this is up , there was a leak of 2000 or so emails not too long ago about one of his organizations and how there 's real shady stuff going on with eu and american politics . 
  okay , i realize i 'm using it wrong , but just look up the guy , he had a 60 minutes interview where he talked about enjoying ratting out people who were hiding jews and then taking their stuff , and i guess it 's kind of scary that the interview is no where to be found on the internet . 
  george soros my dude . 
  google him , he 's literally the emperor palpatine of our world . 
  sorry if being worried that literal nazi wanting globalism is n't an argument , or that there would still be division in a world without borders , or that the space race was an event fueled by two nations in competition . 
  if anyone has n't brought anything to the table it was you . 
   even though i 've run out of arguments , i 'm gon na act as if i 've won . 
  you 're actually pretty naive it would seem . 
  you know what fueled the space race in the 60s , right ? 
  and would n't globalism require a world peace sort of deal ? 
  there might as well be five members inside an echo chamber apart of the globalism club . 
  you do n't think there will be divide in a world without borders ? 
  and how will open borders stop global warming ? 
  i would think it would increase it . 
  jesus christ , you people are so creepy and exactly the same as the communists from the 1910s and 20s . 
   pro-globalization  pro  globalization why , what the fuck, 
   when you do n't wan na sound like a dangerous hive-mind but you end up doing just that anyway, 
  kek, 
  god damn , you 're lost beyond belief , god help your soul if you ever get your head out of the propaganda shithole . 
   quora lmao , get the fuck outta here , you 're literally just kidding yourself at this point . 
  this article was based on an assumption , with no evidence to back it up . 
   have you ever asked any of them ? 
  have you ? 
  and do n't make up some bullshit story . 
  and i do n't understand , if the woman wanted to feel comfortable , why would she draw attention to herself by putting on those rags , why not dress in a bikini if they 're so `` free '' like you say ? 
  you 're starting to show your true colors you racist srs troll . 
  of course muslim women dress like that because their husbands tell them to . 
  and please give a good explanation on how this affects families . 
  goodness knows there 's nothing else to do in this world other than go to the god damned beach !, 
  if you 're gon na go to the beach , dress for it for fucks sake . 
  do n't be forced to put on this garb and attract more attention than you want . 
  you 're literally overreacting on behalf of people who probably do n't even care or know this happened . 
  this only affects abusive husbands and religious extremists , i 've seen a burkini once and i know i do n't want to see it ever again , just like that god awful all black suit . 
  women do n't dress like that by choice . 
  yeah , there 's totally no middle ground for all this . 
  wake up you retard , this ban does n't hurt anyone , just like banning wearing an ss outfit does n't hurt anyone . 
  are you gon na tell me that the entire western world is a dictatorship because there 's legislation ? 
  good luck trying to explain that . 
  but it is associated with a religion that has killed millions of people . 
  double standards ? 
  if that 's the case , you should fight for the right to wear nazi outfits and fly swastikas in europe . 
  you must be a gold winner in mental gymnastics . 
  banning an article of clothing = / = dictatorship and i think there can be peace in the world without horrible looking `` beachwear , '' and how does this impact children exactly ? 
  i could only see this being good for grown women who are being forced by their husbands to wear this garbage . 
  i wo n't stand up for the right for someone to abuse their spouse in * any * way . 
  oh and , there has to be legislation , the way you put it , any law means we have to have a dictatorship , it would seem . 
  well , yeah . 
  why ? 
  i think it 's a good thing . 
  it looks awful and no woman should be forced to wear anything like that in this day and age . 
  beaches would be empty , 70 % of the goers are gone , and 20 % do n't show up because they do n't look good by comparison and the rest are just there to tan their skin . 
  the burkinis or the bans ? 
  i think you mean media campaign for the eu . 
  i 'm sure people would voted out anyway if there was another world where there was no propaganda for the eu during the vote . 
  first of all , yes , it takes time to mobilize an army , it 's perfectly reasonable to travel 2 days from say , madrid to munich , by truck , or by tank . 
  and second , why ? 
  if you already have a traditional military , what 's the point in relying on the eu for help unless you know for certain , your army is not enough . 
  oh , and brexit , not a good example of the eus ' decline ? 
  it would be much easier for bulgaria to mobilize it 's own military rather than have an army travel for 2 days . 
  and no , this union has not been getting closer these years , it 's splitting apart , take brexit for example , and a growth in dissenting politicians towards the eu . 
  the `` together we are stronger '' mentality really only applies to countries , i ca n't imagine a german regiment of * the glorious eu army * being happy to fight on behalf of the french , and if i could , they would n't be the fighting or soldiering type of person , and i imagine this project is a much bigger money sink than nato is . 
  can you think of a good reason on being for this ? 
  i 've stated plenty of other reasons in another thread . 
  it 's never too early to plan for ideas that were bad in the first place . 
  doing nothing is n't an option , there has to be a proper fallback . 
  you did n't deliver an explanation , you said that scenario probably wo n't happen , but let me tell you , it 's much more likely than aliens visiting earth , so this is a concern . 
  that 's not like saying what if aliens invaded , this should be a genuine concern , and it 's clear people have n't thought very far ahead about this . 
  let 's say some freak disaster happened and two eu countries were at war , which nation would the eu fight for ? 
  and neither of them want to leave the eu .
