  they are only hurting the real ethnic population of bulgaria and romania by not letting them go and do real work , and no , we wo n't do it for 3 time less money thus taking your jobs , do n't worry . 
  we dodging that like ninjas apparently . 
  you 're saying it like it was 5 days ago . 
  * do n't call it a comeback *, 
  we are n't all sweden, 
  i do n't think that destilation of alcohol as a hole proves that rakia does n't have its origin in bulgaria . 
  guess i 'm a bit off with the yogurt . 
  maybe . 
  i would not know because at that time i was around 7 . 
  but still , from what i know at around that time you can get a joint for 50 cents so why would they sniff glue ? 
  most people feed and care for them . 
  not that i would know because we do n't have stray dogs . 
  glue has to be regional thing because in the capital last time i saw someone sniffing glue was years ago and by a gipsy . 
  change glue with weed and you 're on point . 
  you guys do n't have those ? 
  we too , we totally do n't have stray dogs , op is misinformed i guess . 
  heh , stray dogs, 
   ( who decided it was a good idea to declare war to the us during wwii ??? ), 
  hitler , by pressuring us . 
  at least we did n't do anything in the war aside from saving 50,000 jews . 
  also , your information of us losing every war is wrong . 
  if that was right we would still be part of turkey . 
  if people take away the fact that we made rakia , the cyrillic , bulgarian was one of the inventors of the computer and our [ traditional folk music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jovbwpt7l8 ) out of this thread , i would be happy . 
  and i learned that we are first in the world in home ownership rate , but thats a left over from the socialism years i fear , people are not really buying that much now , not enough for us to be on top anyway . 
  and yes , we love pickled cucumbers and rakia ( which is , in fact , out national drink ), 
   they do n't like the russians . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  russians are like brothers to us . 
  some do n't like them because they feel they were/are using us but still . 
   oh , and bulgarians do n't exist pretty sure they say that to themselves every day . 
  color me surprised , wait , i 'm not at all . 
  imagine a pimp and a hooker working . 
  thats how gypses in the big cities work . 
  you have a cripple that answers to a pimp and the only reason why he is on that corner is because they let him beg on it and they work together . 
  people here stopped giving them money long time ago because we know better . 
  as the top comment stated , the fact that parents teach their kids how to beg and steal and do n't even let them go to school does not help anything . 
  we tried giving them work but they dont want it and bitch all the time , most of them anyway and i should know because my father works at a cleaning company and runs a group of gypsies that clean the neighborhood . 
  they prefer to go from trash to trash , get money because they have 10 kids from the government while also letting their kids beg in the center of the cities all while not paying any bills because they live in ghettos and steal power . 
  that 's nice and hurts nobody , sends the message and we do apologies . 
  10/10 as vandalism goes . 
  if he has his mind on the right track and actually does good i do n't see how this is news . 
  it 's not like hes 18, 
  no , not at all . 
  i do n't know a single person without internet , huh . 
  [ of monsters and men - dirty paws ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgn8eoh9asy ), 
  do we really need everyone to have a transport related accident in a week ? 
  hope that everyone is ok . 
  fine . 
  there is not much side choosing . 
  people do n't care what they use , they get fucked over by all of them . 
  every single one of them are shifty at best so it equals out and people choose based on what their friends use , that 's all . 
  just renewed my plan , from 500 to 750mb for the same price . 
  yeah , not surprised at all . 
  everyone i know here does n't understand the point of twitter and just uses facebook . 
  i 'm sorry but slavic countries having low score for attractive citizens is just wrong , plain wrong . 
  well , for females at least . 
  * gasp * oh wait , i 'm not surprised at all . 
  36 % out of 100 % ? 
  no , more like 80 % . 
  kids smoke here , let alone everyone else . 
  and nobody cares . 
  good, 
  eur is overrated and the only reason i say that is because we do n't have it . 
  but then again we get killed by the recession , hm . 
  that 's part of the process , yes . 
  problem is that nobody knows what they want . 
  we took down the government in february and now want the new one to go do . 
  and you know whats funny ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that the old government from february will be picked again and people will protest them again . 
  we are in a loop at the moment . 
  people want new faces but nobody is stepping up . 
  welcome !, 
  good , uncover all the shit so we can clean it . 
  does n't look right , especially for ukraine . 
  sounds about right . 
  fascist = / = nationalist, 
  damn , 2nd . 
  i 'm used to us being first in black lists . 
  ask a 24 year old living with his parents anything . 
  i feel so clean, 
  that 's my personal experience with talking to people about immigration , i 'm not saying its a fact about the country . 
  i do n't know anyone that would want to go there for work anyway . 
  it 's all about us , canada , germany , france maybe . 
  harsh , hope google can get back from this . 
  pretty much this . 
  ignore and move on . 
  [ good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=768h3tz4qik ), 
  are there any bulgarians there ? 
  just wondering . 
  he says that now and frankly - fuck him . 
  pretty sure the joke is older then 2014, 
  yeah , do n't send them back to bulgaria . 
  they do n't want to be here anyway and we ca n't deal with them in any realistic way . 
  too real, 
  pop folk thieves ? 
  to be honest you can keep it . 
  that shit is trashy as hell . 
  i do n't mean yours , pop folk in general . 
  i know and i did vent , thanks . 
  all i can do is roll my eyes at greece .
