very nice, 
  let me note that most of those ultra trashy ones are from smaller cities and are generally looked down upon . 
  oh god , i 'm going to die . 
  dude ... 
  help, 
  ballin ' out of control over here . 
  came here to post this . 
  the results are interesting tho , quite different . 
  come on , you are better then this . 
  does n't really sound like a good idea for some reason, 
  wait ... we are not allowed to use them during the flight ? 
  ooops . 
  that 's a very orange tank, 
  and they deserved it !, 
  good game . 
  would have hated if it went to penalties . 
  no matter how good you played its 50/50 on penalties ( unless you are england , then its 30/70 ) and it was obvious who should have won . 
  i really hoped for a ned - ger final tho , man that would have been to good to be true i guess . 
  edit : oh and props to that wall of a defense from argentina , only took 2h to finally bring down !, 
  belgium are playing disappointedly . 
  i excepted more , we all did, 
  we are people too, 
  man , are you hyped for the netherlands vs germany final at the world cup ? 
  i sure am . 
  we would do it . 
  we would do whatever pleases our european overlords . 
  just help us not being like 70 % dependent on russia to sustain ourselves ? 
  yeah yeah we suck . 
  bulgaria does n't dub movies also . 
  well , they do after like 3-4 years when its on tv and that 's not for all movies . 
  for some reason the title really confused me . 
  anyway , seems like i am in the 12 % , considering i have 3 new families , one above me with a new baby , one below me and one right next to my bedroom with a 4 year old that for some reason cries more then the 4 months old / rant, 
  yes . 
  if its not a huge as hell building made out of concrete , then you know its not build in the soviet era . 
  why, 
   eu slaves before 1989 we where `` switzerland of the balkans '' to them . 
  i think we should declare independence and do a referendum to join the usa . 
  but ... that 's eastern europe, 
  this just kinda made me sad , also who eats walking ? 
  maybe a chocolate bar but cmon . 
  talk about between a rock and a hard place . 
  as we are against what they did in crimea and we are siding with the eu on the issue as eu members also but we ca n't get too far with it and the ideas because we are so dependent of russia . 
  did that sentence made any sense ? 
  maybe not , still a bitch of a situation tho . 
  well , that place sure speaks on behave of themselves !, 
  democracy , hell yeah !, 
  we are first in something positive !!!, 
  i 'm going to get hammered now , time to rejoice . 
  he talked about it on tv today . 
  basically he saw this van pull up , men with uniforms and masks got out and went into the coffee of sorts and started pulling people out and trowing them inside the van , he started filming it and the rest is in the video . 
   innovations yeah , we got bigger problems then that , sorry . 
  oh , you know , corruptions , pensioners making 150 euro a month but hey they got a 2,5 euro rise !, 
  no jobs but we are planning to find ones for the refugees , after all we are in the eu and that 's what normally would be done but we do n't have money at all to support it but fuck it we are doing it . 
  parliament seems like a joke where they blame each other for every little thing like kids . 
  standard stuff . 
  good job . 
  please , no . 
  damn sad , corruption at its finest . 
  wonder how much of those $ 50 billion are actually spend for the event . 
  okay , it 's western balkans . 
  was a bit of a let down to why would they leave us and our music out . 
  but yeah , video would be better if it had labels from what region is the music coming from . 
  interesting watch , thanks for sharing . 
  why is bulgaria in the eu ? 
  ouch you guys , ouch . 
  but then again i ask myself the same question every so often . 
  no , not really . 
  the push to get to the uk is not there , at all . 
  ah , schengen , you crazy . 
  god no, 
  oh man , people are lining up at the airport to go to the uk , it 's nuts . 
  line is like 3km long , you guys better be prepared . 
  i 'm joking but i ca n't let this go with you guys , i 'm sorry . 
  stop, 
  that 's nice . 
  i do n't know what to say anymore about it . 
  i 'm over it . 
  people around me and me included are just done with it . 
  nobody wanted to go work in the uk anyway . 
  it 's france , germany or america , well , in my circle anyway . 
  so over the uk . 
  i do n't care . 
  well if its for citizenship then , yes , i agree . 
  not the get out part but not giving them citizenship . 
  so russia is not in but turkey is ? 
  is this a joke now ? 
  cheap housing in the country sides , great weather , get treated like kings . 
  why do all have to suffer ? 
  if someone is abusing the system , deal with it , do n't cut out people that do n't have anything to do with it . 
  discrimination much ? 
  western world my ass . 
  because roma people not being part of schengen stops them from going from country to country stealing and begging , right ? 
  personally i use aurora , chrome is what i push on my not so techy friends, 
  why him of all people ? 
  he did n't let us down to where we are now . 
  he is just in a small party , screaming at politicians and sometimes reporters a lot . 
  i like how everyone is treating to immigrate like it 's easy as get up and go and once you 're there everything is set up for you . 
  i hear the movie is bad tho . 
  i guess ... winter is coming . 
  they are thinking that opening the borders will somehow make more gypsies come , what they do n't realize is that nothing is stopping them from doing it now .
