  plus , given how well sweden fares in qol rankings you guys can atl eas plus , 20 % of 25-29 year olds here live at home while in sweden it 's under 7 % , so presumably it 's much easier for a young swede to move out and start a life of their own than it is here . 
  swedes definitely get more help from their government than we do . 
  but looking at your comment history you seem to dislike sweden in general in the same way that i dislike the uk ( you think sweden is some sort of crazy leftist state and i think the uk is being dominated by far-right nutjobs ) , so our opinions of both places are probably skewed negatively because neither of us enjoy living where we do . 
  i 'd certainly take your place given the chance . 
  nothing for me here . 
  i ca n't help but think that higher university attainment in the uk has a big impact , even if it absolutely does not mean we are any better off . 
  i said ` fanatics ' , not fascists - and i 'm not labeling everyone with concerns as anything - but the government 's determination to bring down the number of foreign students is clearly an attempt to satisfy people who dislike immigration just because they dislike immigrants , regardless of why they are in the uk . 
  otherwise they would n't bother with foreign students given they are hardly a burden in any capacity . 
  it 's just an ideological thing for a lot of people , and to them any and all immigration is bad , whether it 's a foreign student from china , doctor from india or retail worker from slovakia . 
  of course , there are people who worry about competition from ee workers , even if i do n't agree with that either - but at least it 's a valid concern . 
  a lot of parents are also willing to bail out their adult children even if they do n't live with them . 
  that 's what my grandmother did with her daughter when she could n't pay her mortgage . 
  if your parents kick you out , you 'll be forced to find accommodation of your own . 
  for some people , a safety net always exists , but not for everyone . 
  not all parents will provide their adult children with everything they want , not even a roof over their heads . 
  do n't get me wrong , living independently is always good , but living with your parents into your 20s does n't mean you 're some incompetent manchild who ca n't handle simple things . 
  i think that 's an unfair stereotype . 
  not all parents mollycoddle their kids . 
  but i do n't agree with uprooting entire families and moving them to a totally unfamiliar location just because a former dump is now desirable to certain people . 
  bearing in mind that we 're not just talking about the unemployed but the working poor too . 
  london is trying its hardest to become the new paris - where the centre is only for rich people and everyone else is cast asunder to the suburbs . 
  that has n't worked out well for paris . 
  i 'm not one to call doubt on these kinds of things but i was very surprised to see portugal in the top 10 . 
  uk too , though not as much . 
  i 'd expect sweden and norway to feature more highly given they feature highly in nearly everything else . 
  the uk is very innovative - but there are a few issues the country is facing . 
  1 ) a lot of our talent goes elsewhere to find work , because it is n't always available here or it pays more in another country . 
  2 ) companies need to recruit foreign staff for the same reason - a lack of skills in the uk workforce is a well known problem and will seriously hinder our economic performance in the future . 
  3 ) in the past we sold a lot of our innovative technology for rock-bottom prices . 
  we pioneered high speed rail technology but we do n't even have it ourselves now . 
  4 ) british management is notoriously bad , nearly everyone i 've spoken to with experience in this field agrees that british managers are just woefully incompetent and that was a big contributing factor to the likes of jaguar land rover being bought out by foreign investors who have since turned it into a profitable business . 
  5 ) british primary and secondary education is n't very good and there is an oversupply of ` useless ' degrees . 
  so yes , lots of issues to work around , and leaving the eu is n't going to solve any of them . 
  the uk is innovative , but it will and is struggling to retain that innovation for a myriad of reasons . 
  our best and brightest people are arguably our greatest export , and the government now want to reduce foreign student numbers for the sake of pleasing anti-immigrant fanatics ( because any and all immigration is a bad thing to these people ) . 
  well , quite . 
  if a dane or swede was unlucky enough to be born in spain they 'd be living at home until they were 30 as well . 
  it 's easy to live alone when your government covers nearly all of your expenses . 
  students move out in the uk too , it 's pretty much expected that you 'll be going to a uni in a different town or city so you 'll be living with other students , but a lot of them return home after their studies because they ca n't afford to continue living alone . 
  studying in the uk is obviously ridiculously expensive . 
  i suspect most young adults living at home do n't want to be living at home . 
  i wanted to move out on my own because i found myself getting frustrated and annoyed - and my mother was the same , we were both annoying one another . 
  we had arguments nearly every day . 
  i love her more than anyone else but i just needed my own space . 
  but then , i live in the north of england and have a # 20k income so finding a place to live was n't really hard at all . 
  it 's much harder if you move down to london and end up sharing a flat with 5 strangers which i had no intention of doing . . 
  i do n't envy those suckers at all . 
  maybe . . but not always . 
  a lot of parents would be willing to kick their children out if they were contributing nothing . 
  and a lot of parents have . 
  if you 're living at home but have a full-time job you 'd still pay taxes and you 'd probably have bills to pay yourself . 
  i do n't think that 's an excuse . 
  i have a cousin who is 30 and lives at home and she has her own expenses to pay - such as car insurance etc. 
  she recently put dow n a mortgage for a house with her boyfriend though . 
  that would never work in the uk because people are too selfish and would complain about paying for other people . 
  i remember looking at a bbc article about social housing residents in east london possibly being moved to another location in the country so the local council can save costs , and people were like ` serves them right , scroungers , i ca n't afford to live there so neither should you ' etc etc. 
  scandinavia has it right - i just wish the electorate would open their eyes and see that there are better alternatives out there to the never-ending shitshow we have to contend with . 
  agreed - incomes are lower up here but it is definitely still a lot easier to actually buy a house , given house price to income ratios are significantly lower . 
  i actually do n't know anyone aged 25-29 who * does * live with their parents . 
  i 'm 21 and i do n't even live with my parents . 
  i 'm working class , so i find it pretty easy to criticise the working classes - that 's what my entire family is . 
  i 'm not sure why people think the working classes are or should be immune to criticism . 
  if you listened to half of what my relatives say you 'd probably agree - some of them are genuinely very stupid ( and not stupid in a ` oh you have different political beliefs to me lolololol ' kind of way but in a ` you ca n't spell very well and think the moon is a planet ' kind of way ) . 
  i mean , these are the kind of people who do not make the effort to inform themselves but will proceed to talk on any subject manner as if they know what they 're talking about . 
  my grandmother - who has lived within 10 miles of where she was born for all her life - genuinely thought only 1 white person lived in east london . 
  i kid you not - she read it on some britain first facebook page or some dumb shit . 
  when i told her that it was untrue and i could show her the evidence via the census 2011 results , she just said something like ` you ca n't believe them ! ' . 
  to this day she genuinely thinks london is a city full of foreigners and that there is literally just a handful of white people . 
  i do n't for a second think a majority of working class people fit the above description , nor do i think it 's unreasonable to say that a lot of them just do n't know what they 're talking about because they lack a good education/have no interest in politics or economics/are unable to discern the genuine from the bullshit . 
  we 're going to become a biscuit republic ? 
  yes - but the point i 'm making is that there are still plenty of people in western europe who think homosexuality is wrong and immoral and the only reason they 're not more vocal is because society has largely moved on from the 1960s . 
  take that french guy on another thread who said something along the lines of ` islam does n't look so bad ' in response to germany being named the ` queerest ' country in europe . 
  and i mean , cases of gay people being beaten black and blue still exist - like the one from sunderland where a gay man was attacked . 
  he was n't even doing anything overtly gay - the people who attacked him just thought he looked gay - and the culprits were chavvy trash , not muslims on sharia patrol . 
  it 's easy for people who are n't gay to just assume that being gay in western europe is always fine and that only immigrants pose issues , but that really is n't the case . 
  ` our ' work is far from over , with or without islam . 
  even in an area where there are no immigrants at all , i would n't be comfortable holding a man 's hand in public . 
  i think they made every city uglier . 
  sergels torg is pretty ugly , but given how clean and well maintained the area is you can easily overlook that . 
  aw , that 's very sweet of you . 
  and in the uk , young women are drinking more heavily than young me n , and 15-19 year old girls make up the biggest admissions to a&e for alcohol reasons . 
  ps , the uk rate for smoking amonst men was around 50 % in the 1970s , and around 40 % for females . 
  the male smoking rate has fallen more significantly than the female smoking rate and the two are now almost the same . 
  sweden , norway , denmark and finland are all in the top 10 happiest countries globally . 
  no southern european country is in the top 20 . 
  uk ranks 21st , italy 50th . 
  could be bogus of course , since happiness is subjective , but still . 
  it 's a beautiful city - easily one of my favourites . 
  would happily live there if it was n't for the ridiculous housing situation . 
  coming from a british city , stockholm appeared so clean and spotless in comparison . 
  very much a fan . 
  it 's often a big issue here in the uk , not having enough skilled people to do the jobs - and it does n't help that a lot of people who get degrees in stem subjects go abroad to work . 
  i mean , we 're having to build an entire school for high speed rail just so we have the skills to build hs2 . 
  we used to be a world leader in pioneering this sort of technology but we sold it all . 
  it definitely was not - but you keep telling yourself that . 
  only difference between these bigots and christian bigots , is that christian bigots have learnt to keep it to themselves because they 'd be socially ostracized otherwise . 
  seriously , as a gay man , islam is the least of my problems right now . 
  well it 's a good thing your line of thought has very little sway in modern-day europe then . 
  maybe sudan would be a better fit for you . 
  so you think i , a gay man , am responsible for destroying civilisaiton because i might one day want to get married ?
