   about the only silver lining if things do go the way they seem to be , is that the eu exit will be an exit , and is n't likely to be some half arsed redux of membership under a different name . 
  i do n't consider this a silver lining myself . 
  i 'd be happy with an ` eu in all but name ' deal , but of course that was never likely , even with the tories ' current slim majority . 
  it 's not something labour would support . 
  they might violently rebel if someone tries to make them leave when they do n't want to , particularly if they grew up in france and are perfectly entitled to live there . 
  kind of understandable really . 
  le pen is an opportunist . 
  she has quick solutions to complex problems because that is what people want to hear . 
  people want to believe that every problem in life can be fixed with barely any effort . 
  unfortunately , it will take a le pen presidency for people to realise that she is n't the saviour they want . 
  try harder then . 
  this guy gets it . 
  yeah , but who is it harming ? 
  if that 's what they want to do then leave them to it . 
  people do a lot of things to make themselves feel better . 
  i mean , we 're talking about people protesting the horrific treatment of gay people - sure , it wo n't change anything , but there are much worse things people could be doing . 
  i guess , but the meaning ought to be clear - they 're showing support , even though their support can not influence anything that happens in chechenya . 
  if that makes them feel better then fine . 
  not worth getting worked up over . 
  okay then . 
   that is literally not true . 
  no one votes against their interests . 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  yes , it is . 
  it might not be a conscious decision , but that is what they 're doing . 
  a person can be highly intelligent but that does n't mean people are going to be receptive to what they 're saying . 
  anti-intellectualism definitely exists . 
  unfortunately , some people are just determined to vote against their own self-interest . 
  it 's sad . 
  but why ? 
  the us does n't need our assistance . 
  it would be a symbolic gesture but nothing else . 
  seriously , there is no point involving ourselves in these things . 
  it might do , but at the same time , it might not . 
  in the uk it seems like obesity levels have plateaued . 
  nobody is saying people ca n't vote however they want . 
  just because people have the choice , does n't mean they 'll make the right one . 
  but that 's their mistake to make . 
  they still are overall . 
  only girls stand out as being particularly overweight in relation to some other european countries . 
  men , women and boys do not . 
  they probably know it wo n't change anything . 
  just leave them to it . 
  it has no impact on your life one way or the other . 
  if people want to protest then let them be . 
  i do n't think it 's stupid at all . 
  there is nothing that anyone in the west can do , but that does n't mean they should n't show their support for gay people in chechenya , even if it 's only symbolic . 
  perhaps , no doubt influenced by their education and upbringing . 
  but their limited opportunities are also a result of their poor education , which in * some * cases is a self-inflicted situation . 
  think this applies to pretty much every western nation , but they have a loooong way to go before reaching our level . 
  we are really fucking fat . 
  so you think people should n't protest at all because it achieves nothing ? 
  no , that is n't what i 'm trying to say . 
  at all . 
  poor children do much worse in school and continue to do much worse throughout their life . 
  these people have fewer opportunities in life because they do n't have a very good education . 
  of course , there 's probably a big difference between poor people in the uk and poor people in turkey . 
  and , for the record , i grew up in a poor household . 
  dumb is probably a misleading term . 
  more likely to be uneducated or under-educated , certainly . 
  in the uk , people from low-income backgrounds do much worse in school . 
  nah , people who are barely literate are dumb . 
  dumb people vote for dumb things , not shocking . 
  why tho, 
  france 's real issue is economic competitiveness , or lack thereof . 
  and i like him because he is rather handsome , thank you very much . 
  oh i never expect my vote in isolation to make a difference - but given the result of this election is a foregone conclusion , combined with the fact that i live in a very safe labour seat , the motivation for actually bothering is reduced . 
  but i 'd still encourage people my age ( early 20s ) to vote anyway - if we turn out in higher numbers , maybe the tories wo n't keep shitting on us . 
  that is my only motivation for bothering . 
  i want to vote - if only to say i did . 
  but there does n't seem to be much point . 
  i suspect many left-wingers in england will feel the same , and will stay at home on the 8th of june . 
  so millennials are more right-wing than baby boomers . 
  indeed . 
  a lot of people are exceedingly stupid . 
  well , it 's certainly like an alternate reality compared to millennials in the uk . 
  well , that 's not * quite * what i had in mind when i made that comment , but i appreciate your honesty anyway . 
  it would be sportugal . 
  this country must look fucking insane to outside observers . . 
  dublin is ridiculously expensive for what is a rather mundane city . 
  another country that loves us ? 
  oh my , please stop . 
  i 'm blushing . 
  it 's the muslims wot won it . 
   in that case , their position on the eu comes second to a preference for continued small c conservatism . 
  this is exactly the case - certain tory voters might want the uk to stay in the single market but other things are probably more important to them . 
  it 's not exactly a ringing endorsement of the tory 's plans for brexit , more the opposition being completely shite . 
   this election will give her that mandate . 
  see , this is n't necessarily true either . 
  a vote for the tories is n't a vote for hard brexit , as many tory remainers will vote for them out of party loyalty . 
  in fairness , if anyone attacked the uk with nukes , other nuclear nations like the us would almost certainly retaliate anyway . 
  of course , nukes are supposed to be a deterrence and never actually used . 
  you guys still like us despite all the recent news of poles being targeted ? 
  that 's true love . 
  exactly . 
  people keep on saying that , but it 's rubbish . 
  plenty of good choices in labour , and all of them would be preferable to corybn . 
  well , that 's the thing - they have no reason to share the same party . 
  in the uk , many people who are ideologically opposed to one another are forced to share the same party . 
  if the uk had the electoral system of any other european country , labour and the tories would n't exist in their current form .
