  yes we do . 
  i will even shit on myself if i have to . 
  as a brit , i approve . 
  we really do deserve to be shit on at this point . 
  iceland , the supermarket , is shit . 
  he 's rich and white so it 's fine . 
  yes you 're right - i commented before reading the article like a moron . 
  not so surprising to me . 
  london is a rich and cosmopolitan city but it is also very large , chaotic and stressful . 
  london boroughs score poorly for happiness and life satisfaction , even though they score well for economic competitiveness and wealth creation . 
  londoners are some of the unhappiest people in the uk . 
  it 's a great city really - and if you can afford to live there comfortably few places can beat it . 
  west london is truly beautiful - very leafy with a lot of attractive old buildings . 
  but londoners often work longer hours and have to pay a lot more money for accommodation , add to that the stress of commuting even on london 's good transport network and the frequent delays to the railway network and yeah . . it can be stressful . 
  all age groups in the uk except 20-29 have a net flow out of london . 
  overall , london has a rather large negative net migration rate . 
  a lot of people go there to get their career started but will leave very shortly after that . 
  it 's about governments in sweden reforming the education system , and test scores in sweden falling sharply as a result . 
  whatever they decided to do has had a detrimental impact on sweden 's education system - and now swedes score worse than brits . 
  i do n't know specifically - just that the results are not very good . 
  you 'd have to ask a swede what specifically they have done to make the swedish education system worse . 
  i 'm not standing up for it , because i know it 's shit - it 's your refusal to believe something because it does n't conform to your preconceived notions , that is pissing me off . 
  primary and secondary education is fairly crap in the uk but there are worse advanced countries - such as sweden . 
  clearly , they do - your anecdotes are worth fuck all so wind your neck in you cretin . 
  he 's getting downvoted because it is n't true . 
  that was mentioned while the attacks were ongoing and was reported on cnn . 
  makes no sense given there is overwhelming evidence he was motivated by the alt right and did n't even like muslims/turks in germany and was a german nationalist . 
  because he was n't motivated by his religion - in fact , he had none . 
  he was a fan of anders brievik , the afd party and had a disliking of turks because in his mind turkey = isis . 
  change his skin colour to white and you have a classic example of a neo-nazi . 
  you do realise that germany has a history of shooting rampages , right ? 
  the fact the munich perpetrator was of iranian heritage is not relevant whatsoever . 
  for the uk people still grossly overestimate the % of people born abroad . 
  i believe a survey in the uk said people think over 40 % of the uk was born abroad - real figure is around 12 % . 
  for brits , there is n't just misconceptions regarding immigration - there 's misconceptions for everything . 
  more people think crime is higher than it is , people think there are more benefit cheats than there are , people think more teens are getting pregnant even though teen pregnancy fell to its lowest level on record . . people do n't know shit about anything , basically . 
  people being so utterly detached from what is happening in reality has to originate from somewhere . 
  i love garlic sauce - but on pizza ? 
  sounds a bit odd . 
  i think southern italy has a gdp per capita barely above the world average . . so it 's a lot poorer than northern england . 
  uh , yes - they are rich countries . 
  they only appear poor compared to other rich countries that are richer than they are . 
  ` brits have most fun ' , is what the headline should say . 
  our government may be full of puritanical freaks but us brits are not too fussed about who we have sex with - with no protection ideally . 
  you are missing the point , i think . 
  teens have always found ways to see porn - in days gone by it was ` nudie mags ' , today it 's the internet . 
  if there 's a will , there 's a way - but whether it 's 1966 or 2016 , i can assure you most teenage boys will have seen porn at some point . 
  people disagreed with that as well . 
  who knows . 
  i doubt the government has an answer itself . 
  just vague bullshit . 
  it is very real , unfortunately . 
  is this part of the same bill that banned pornos filmed in the uk showing female ejaculating because it apparently does n't exist and is actually piss ? 
  this country really is a fucking embarrassment sometimes . 
  i would n't say they have lost out - but these countries have really just reached the ` pinnacle ' of human development that is currently possible , so we do n't see the benefits as much compared to poor countries that have more room for development . 
  this is a good point - though not guaranteed to happen , as i do n't think the same thing happened with the danish people 's party . 
  good thing it was n't then . 
  people like you really do nothing to further sensible discourse . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  my familiarity with sweden 's electoral system is pretty low but would the moderates and social democrats work together , or is that impossible ? 
  would they work together to block sd ? 
  well i 'll give them the benefit of the doubt - they seem far less toxic than comparable parties elsewhere in europe . 
  i thought we were miserable , but the french are champions at self-loathing it seems . 
  4 % of french people think they live in the worst country in the world !, 
  so would any of the mainstream centre-right parties be willing to form a government with the sweden democrats ? 
  or is it pretty much like the netherlands where none of the parties will work with them and they wo n't work with anyone else ? 
  yeah - and of course people people buying their council house means there is now a shortage of council housing . 
  would n't have been a problem if we built more affordable housing . 
  and we now have a country that is utterly obsessed with house prices - the higher the better . 
  i mean when the situation is eventually deemed safe - not all refugees are granted indefinite leave to remain . 
  even angela merkel says most of them should go home when it is safe to do so , so i 'm not sure if the intention is for most of them to be here forever . 
  depends on the country . 
  syria was n't so bad before the civil war , so i can imagine many of them would want to go back . 
  a lot of these people were simply driven away - they probably had no intention of leaving before . 
  some even refuse to leave . 
  and , of course , countries like sweden can just send them back if they want to - particularly if we are talking about countries like afghanistan - a lot of people from there just took advantage of the chaos rather than escaping a civil war or anything like that . 
  they admit themselves that they made mistakes and the different agencies did n't share information or cooperate . 
  a lot of people seem to think that women just get pregnant and then abort the fetus like it 's nothing , ` oh hello yes i got pregnant again give me some pills to kill this fucker ' , but it 's definitely a hard decision not taken lightly . 
  my mother and grandmother both had abortions and they are not shameful or bad for doing so - and i am thankful they live in a country where that is possible instead of one where they are forced to give birth to a baby they either do n't want or ca n't look after . 
  so , it 's a race to the bottom . 
  oh sure - it 's still quite a lot . 
  are all of them going to stay forever or will a lot go home eventually ? 
  most brits * liked * thatcher because she was a strong leader who spoke convincingly and with authority . 
  most brits are generally unaware of individual policy . 
  it was really just a combination of people getting tired of endless strikes and unionism in the 1970s , and thatcher being strong-willed . 
  in reality , she was a neoliberal who represents the kind of ` elite ' that people in the west are now getting sick and tired of . 
  the same forgotten white working class in the north who voted for brexit are the same ones who thought thatcher was a cunt . 
  most brits alive today were n't even eligible to vote for thatcher . 
  the tories used to do well in scotland but that ended with thatcher - the scots were tired of labour , but they would n't vote for the tories either , and the lib dems committed suicide , so the snp are the only option really . 
  some lib dem said she was a necessary destroyer but was n't a very good builder . 
  the old pits and mines needed closing - but there was no plan in place to help those communities affected so severely . 
  this is why people in many places - more so the north and scotland - hate her . 
  if you live in an area of the country unaffected by this then you probably wo n't care much but the pain and suffering felt was not imaginary - it was real , and continues to this day . 
  yes . 
  northern ireland is a true backwater though . 
  tories have butchered the uk 's navy . 
  shameful for an island nation . 
  i presume the 0 % figure for new zealand has more to it than meets the eye . 
  anyone care to explain ? 
  is same-sex marriage supported by most french people ?
