  the uk is already out of the eu so i suppose it 's irrelevant to me now . 
  i just hope people in other countries do n't make the same mistakes we have . 
  it 's about choosing the lesser of two evils - the eu is n't perfect , but voting to destroy it will make matters worse , of that i am sure . 
  they 're using the term ` secessionist movement ' a bit loosely there , huh ? 
  not too different really . 
  similar to the devon folk . 
  they all sound a bit yokel-ish . 
  it 's the poorest county in england . 
  well , here in leeds we have an ambitious new plan for some new buses , so take that paris !, 
  it probably would n't have been a few years ago but every attack like this is treated as potential terrorism these days . 
  france replaced us as america 's lapdog during the obama administration anyway . 
  that will probably change now unfortunately . 
  i guess poland will become the new eu pariah after the uk leaves . 
  inequality has grown more significantly in the nordic countries than most - i.e : http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/economics/oecd-economic-surveys-finland-2010/rising-inequalities-challenge-finland-s-social-model_eco_surveys-fin-2010-7-en but it 's from a much lower base . 
  pretty sure support for scottish independence is higher in england than scotland - and i 'd wager that the more we hear about it , the more we want it to happen because we 're pretty tired of hearing about it . 
  at the end of the day it 's not relevant to most of us if scotland stays or leaves . 
  i have no ill feeling towards it but i 'm not bothered . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty spot on for the uk though . 
  people born poor here are very likely to die poor . 
  our wealth ceiling might be higher but we also have a larger ` underclass ' . 
  sweden is more equal . 
  significantly so . 
  it has one of the lowest gini coefficients in the world . 
  yes he was - though not by 30 % . 
  okay . 
  i never mentioned anything about interacting with anyone . 
  i said , as long as a person is working , and obeying the law , then i do n't mind them being here . 
  no , that is n't what i 'm saying . 
  any other questions ? 
  i only mentioned them because their rhetoric against immigration seems less positive than the social democrats in sweden . 
  i 'll bow to your superior knowledge . 
  saying ` nobody is preventing them ' is a lazy approach to what is potentially a very serious future issue . 
  we need to look at why boys are falling behind in education and how this can be rectified . 
  so i guess you would have preferred it if they were n't expelled at all , since it apparently makes no difference . 
  what is wrong with his comment ? 
  that 's why i do n't read them . 
  the alt right will obviously use his videos as proof that sweden is doomed when in reality he is n't speaking from the left or the right . 
  the truth is always somewhere in the middle . 
  we need to start having calm and rational discussions surrounding immigration without hysteria or hyperbole . 
  it is unhelpful . 
  i think it 's a fair summary of the situation in sweden . 
  no , the country is n't on the brink of collapse . 
  it 's still safe . 
  it provides a very high standard of living to nearly all of its citizens in a way very few other countries can ( for example , sweden has the lowest % of people living in severe material deprivation in the eu , lowest % of people living on a low wage , lowest % of people who ca n't afford to eat proper meals ) . 
  it 's frequently near the top for quality of life . 
  it 's a great country overall . 
  but they are having problems and they really do need to find ways to deal with them . 
  as he says , most of the crimes are committed by second-generation immigrants who were born in sweden . 
  this is the result of decades of failed integration policies . 
  the gap in unemployment between natives and immigrants in sweden is the second largest in the eu ( i think belgium is number 1 ) - something like 44 % . 
  that 's pretty crazy . 
  the recent increase in gang activity is also unsettling - obviously this rarely involves or concerns the average person but it 's still not a nice situation to have . 
  the ruling social democrats need to start getting tougher on immigration and crime in general , otherwise sweden will be looking at the sweden democrats in government in 2018 . 
  they need to take lessons from the vvd in the netherlands and venestre in denmark . 
   do you think that sweden made a good choice by letting all these immigrants into their country ? 
  you ca n't just cover your eyes and pretend that these issues do n't exist . 
  funny - because my post had nothing to do with this at all . 
  i 'm not ` covering my eyes ' or pretending problems do n't exist . 
  what on earth are you even talking about ? 
  thank you , captain obvious . 
  i live in one of those ` backwaters ' and honestly i was surprised to see my region in the second darkest shade of blue . 
  our gdp per head is below the eu average and there is a huge drain of young talent to london . 
  heck , our gdp per head relative to the eu average is * still * lower now than in 2008 . 
  i really have no idea what kind of innovation is occurring here or what kind of impact it has on the local economy but it is not readily apparent in the way it is apparent along the m4 corridor which is very , very prosperous . 
  certainly our apparently high levels of innovation have n't made us as wealthy or prosperous as southern germany or most of the netherlands . 
  the uk has always been innovative . 
  we just tend to sell off our innovations for rock-bottom prices so other countries benefit more than we do . 
  the uk pioneered high-speed rail technology . 
  we do n't benefit from it , because we sold that technology to other countries but did n't pursue it any further ourselves . 
  i call it cynicism . 
  some people revel in it . 
  i judge people on an individual basis . 
  if they 're working and obeying the law , i 'm not fussed . 
  sweden could deport all refugees tomorrow and people on reddit would be like ` oh but they wo n't actually go they 'll just go to the echr/go straight back because there are no borders ' blah blah blah . 
  you ca n't win with these people . 
  they * want * to see the worst in * everythting * . 
  so you feel that accepting refugees into your country is similar to being colonised ? 
  the fact that my country country displaced people and colonised half the world is irrelevant to me - i was n't alive at the time . 
  makes no difference to how i see or view things . 
  my city has over 200 refugees from syria and i have never gotten the impression that we are being colonised . 
  interesting perspective tho . 
  if they 're not causing trouble i do n't really care to be honest . 
  interesting . 
  would you like to explain why , and how it may or may not relate to what is happening now ? 
  in any case , if people actually read my post properly they 'd see that i do n't think they should be part of the eu whether they take refugees or not . 
  i have made this clear a million times . 
  i 've read that before , funnily enough , and agree with it . 
  it 's like in the uk - women out-earn men in their 20s and 30s . 
  they stop out-earning men because they have children . 
  much ado about nothing really . 
  it 's the same here though - more women are awarded degrees than men . 
  this is because girls are doing better in school . 
  it appears to be the case in all developed nations . 
  it 's definitely an issue that needs looking at though . 
  they need to do this with all refugees who break the law - or at least commit very serious crimes . 
  so you think if poland or estonia had n't joined the eu and remained under russia 's sphere of influence , they would have achieved the same level of development as they have now ? 
  you guys have obviously benefited tremendously from eu funding . 
  i have no doubt you 'd be much worse off without it . 
  just like some regions of the uk benefited a lot from eu money ( though the uk is wealthier so it 's easier for us to fill the gaps ) . 
  in fairness i do n't know much about estonian politics .
