  the reasons are n't clear , but it does n't imply to me that africans are mentally retarded . 
  nigerians are a particularly strong group in this regard . 
  in fact , the two worst-performing groups in the uk in terms of exam results , are low-income white boys and girls . 
  and europeans , both western and eastern , consistently under perform . 
  things are n't always clear-cut , are they ? 
  wow , i really did n't expect such a negative reaction to my post . 
  are people really under the impression that birmingham is a horrible place to live if you 're white ? 
  it 's no better or worse than any other sizeable british city . 
  what a sad , sad place this sub has become . 
  people from the indian subcontinent have always been referred to as asians in the uk . 
  it is n't a ` game ' , and the burden of proof is on you to prove that it is . 
  people who have no understanding of the uk or how things work here should refrain from commenting in the future because you look like an ignorant tit . 
  not sure on city specifically , but northamptonshire has the highest rape rate per 100,000 people in england . 
  west midlands police force ( which includes birmingham ) has one of the lowest . 
  birmingham is more racially diverse than other major cities in england but it 's certainly no more dangerous . 
  i know this does n't really fit the narrative that certain people have built though , so i do n't expect it to make a difference . 
  and i would argue the opposite , having been there myself . 
  some parts of it are n't very nice , but you 'll struggle to find a city in the uk where this is n't true , regardless of ethnic makeup ( see parts of glasgow or liverpool ) . 
  i live in leeds and some parts of it are pretty horrible - but you could n't categorise the entire city that way . 
  although if you only visited seacroft or beeston you 'd certainly get that impression . 
  good excuse for people who have never stepped foot in england let alone birmingham to argue what a horrible place it is though . 
  birmingham definitely is n't the worst place in the country for rapes though . 
  this might have happened in the past but i have n't seen it at all in recent years . 
  certainly not this year . 
  and what a glorious british drink it is . 
  they should n't though , since iron bru does indeed originate from the uk . 
  i do n't think fptp is very democratic , no . 
  this is untrue . 
  leglisation is always passed whether the electorate want it or not . 
  this is easy to achieve in the uk because people 's voting options are ( realistically ) very limited . 
  smaller third parties find it hard to gain significant traction . 
  even ukip only gained 1 seat in 2015 despite receiving nearly 13 % of votes . 
  issues like lgbt rights are not hot topics in the uk today anyway . 
   they do n't have a problem with the death penalty as far as i 'm aware , a majority of people in the uk do not support it . 
   emmanuel macron is a silicon valley-loving , union-hating , third way centrist . 
  what 's the problem then ? 
  councils are strapped for cash , so that 's an issue for central government to resolve . 
  one fear for a lot of people is that it 's just a stepping stone to lower food standards across the board . 
  no you, 
   ca n't deny my ** logical ** statement that 's an odd way of spelling ` retarded ' . 
  hopefully they all came here . 
  you must be a retard . 
  i do n't see the big deal . 
  i 'm a gay man and i do n't want to give blood , and at least a ban means i have a good excuse not to . 
  yeah , that 's why i said they 're being vague , and labour are often vague intentionally because they have a coalition of support that often do n't agree on everything . 
   they refused to even promise to decrease immigration , or even to not increase it . 
  right , so they have n't promised to do anything regarding immigration . 
  their policy on the matter is pretty vague ( and given the tories have been unable to keep to their promise of reducing immigration to the 10s of thousands , it 's probably sensible ) . 
   uh , what 's this `` across the board '' clause for ? 
  you 've just added on a clause to what i said and then refuted that ? 
  that 's strawmanning . 
  immigration could rise from non-eu countries while decreasing overall . 
  i added that because you mentioned labour wanted to increase non-eu immigration ( i 'm not aware of this but i 'm happy to be corrected ) . 
  labour have n't committed themselves to a specific target , but that is n't the same as wanting to increase immigration across the board , even if they make it easier for non-eu nationals to move to the uk ( which is pretty broad and includes a lot of countries brits would n't be concerned about like aus/nz ) . 
  it 's intentionally vague , and labour 's vagueness is what has allowed them build this coalition of support in this year 's election . 
  they 're being forced to be more specific on their policies now though . 
  i think chainsaws are absolutely terrifying . 
  uh , yes , precisely . 
  he is trying to please everyone , but it wo n't last . 
  he 's saying what people want to hear , but it 's impossible to satisfy everyone . 
  his balancing act is going to come crashing down sooner rather than later . 
  his recent remarks on immigration and the single market will probably put off remainers and young voters who backed him so decisively in june . 
  he would n't have enjoyed such a ( comparatively ) successful election without them . 
  corybn had better hope that enough people like him and his policies , and dislike the tories , enough that they 'll vote for him anyway , because i can see a lot of current labour voters staying home at the next election ( whenever that is ) . 
  technically , yes , but most people obviously do n't think of the city as being an actual city in its own right . 
  people look a lot like bicycles , huh ? 
  just agree to the referendum . 
  either the catalan nationalists lose and look stupid , or they win and you are free of annoying nationalists who wo n't shut up about independence . 
  unfortunately , the uk is stuck with them . 
  what exactly is a ghetto in your mind ? 
  areas with high ethnic populations ? 
  one strong point of london , i find , is that it 's very socioeconomically mixed . 
  there are n't any areas that i would tell people to completely avoid , because they are all so varied anyway . 
  although the inner areas , particularly east london , are experiencing rapid gentrification , so watch this space . 
  i 've been reading about certain banking groups eyeing up dublin as a potential relocation destination , and honestly if bankers dread the thought of moving to frankfurt because it 's boring , i do n't think they 'll enjoy dublin any more . 
  okay then . 
  eh , i just always thought its drugs policy would be more similar to nl . 
  i 'm surprised sweden has a zero-tolerance policy tbh . 
  dublin is ridiculous - you 're paying london levels of rent for a city that offers nowhere near as much . 
  a lot of brits dislike poles because they are foreign . 
  the fact that they 're white means nothing , and you are seriously going to great lengths to delude yourself if you think the only reason poles are abused is because people are too afraid to go after the other immigrants . 
  poles have a bad rep. that 's it . 
  it 's undeserved , but it exists . 
  they undercut wages , they speak a funny language , they are antisocial and drink during the day . . etc etc. 
  they are also our largest immigrant group , so are an easy target . 
  in most parts of the country they 're much more visible than , say , indians or pakistanis , who are also numerous but more heavily concentrated in certain cities . 
  why , exactly , do we ( the west ) care about israel ? 
  i am seriously sick of hearing about it . 
  just fuck off . 
  the point he 's making is that it mattered to a lot of people , hence efforts were taken to increase the number of women at university . 
  nobody really cares now that the situation has reversed , even though there is plenty of evidence to suggest that current education systems benefit girls more than boys , and that boy and girls respond better to different methods of teaching . 
  besides the point really - we have nothing to feel smug about . 
  we are very much a laughing stock at this point . 
  pretty normal here , which is good . 
  it 's been a reasonable summer so far but with enough rain to stop things drying out too much . 
  a lot of people in the uk - including myself - do n't have a credit card . 
  guess i 'll be using a vpn then . 
  my government is fucking moronic . 
  you get the same thing in the uk : https://feww.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/uk-haze-nasa.jpg basically it 's low cloud that forms because of the difference in temperature between the air above and the sea . 
  overnight , the low cloud might move inland , and then during the day it burns back , hugging the coastline .
