  i do n't think there are any stats for muslims specifically though so you might just dismiss this as worthless as well . 
  and , of course , there is a very obvious and strong link between income and education , and crime levels , with very poor areas regardless of ethnic make-up having higher crime levels relative to average . 
  this is not a reason for preferring fptp to pr . 
  in what possible way could you like fptp ? 
  i am seriously at a loss as to how anyone could be against an electoral system that more accurately reflects the desires of its electorate . 
  i am not sure how anyone is able to justify a party like the snp gaining over 50 seats with under 2 million votes , while a party like ukip gets over 4 million votes but only one seat . 
  under this system , millions of votes every year are essentially useless . 
  i am all ears though . 
  yes they are - and the british people voted against electoral reform a few years ago which leads me to believe that they do n't really know what any of it means . 
  fptp is pretty dumb , which is why most democracies do n't use it . 
  see , this is what people on the left often talk about . 
  certain people create a narrative , and people start voting based on that narrative , whether it 's true or not . 
  poverty and education are without a doubt the biggest factors in crime in the uk . 
  the impression that i got from that article is criticising israel publicly is bad because it creates an atmosphere of antisemitism , so stop criticising israel . 
  israel can do no wrong . 
  leave it alone !, 
  seriously , there is something between ` death to israel ' and ` israel is wonderful and great it never does anything wrong ' . 
  all political parties bar the tories support electoral reform . 
  they are literally the only ones who are against it . 
  i grew up in a low-income area of northern england that is predominantly white british , in the region of 90 % . 
  unemployment is high and educational standards are low . 
  it was entirely normal for large groups of kids to go around throwing rocks through people 's windows , letting off fireworks in bins or burning bins , starting fires and then attacking firemen and shouting abuse at them , and generally creating an atmosphere of tension and fear for the local residents . 
  burnt-out cars were a very common sight and the city as a whole was dealing with like 3000 burnt cars a year at its peak . 
  heck , some private hire companies refuse to serve these areas now because kids kept on throwing bottles and rocks at the taxis . 
  their staff went on protest because they did n't feel safe . 
  the local council would n't house refugee families in these areas because they were victims of abuse . 
  as someone who experienced this first hand , including seeing a bunch of chavvy pricks threatening firemen/women when they came to put out a fire they started , i can assure you that 9 times out of 10 the group of kids doing this shit were white british , usually male , ages 12-15 . 
  i can assure you that the worst behaving kids in my school were all white british boys . 
  maybe austria is vastly different to the uk but quite frankly i 'd say the feral white underclass is by far the worst segment of our population . 
  low-income white boys do worse in school exams than any other demographic , and you can see how that translates into real-world behaviour and a feeling of hopelessness . 
  there was actually a survey that said white men in their 20s are the least liked demographic in the uk because they are associated with antisocial behaviour . 
  black men in their 20s were not far behind mind you . 
  now personally i have no business scapegoating any group of people and i firmly believe the primary causes of crime are poverty and education - and i think the solution to dealing with crime amongst certain communities is to address these issues , regardless of the background of the people in question . 
  none of this ` muslims are uniquely horrible in europe ' nonsense . 
  what the alt-right do n't realise is that scapegoating a group of people and targeting them or singling them out is counter-productive as it just forces them even further away ( similar to how attacking working class people for having concerns about immigration will just make them more likely to vote for populist retards ) . 
  the people voted for him , so the people get what they deserve . 
  yeah i realise that - but i was always under the impression that the uk was a pretty poor performer in terms of tackling climate change/green energy etc compared to other european countries . 
  living in europe is pretty great , you have to admit . 
  what 's contributing to the uk 's strong performance ? 
  we 're not exactly world leaders in renewable usage . 
  you 've clearly never been to the central bus station in leeds if you think that is ` really ugly ' . 
  in fact , bus\u00e1ras reminds me of our main railway station - only much less ugly and dingy . 
  http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~owend/i/r/stnpages/leedssconcourse.jpg most of you guys do n't realise how lucky you have it . 
  i live in a city of nearly 1 million people that relies on buses and has a central railway station that has n't been touched since the 1970s . 
  british cities have worse infrastructure than anywhere else in western europe imo . 
  people complaining about how ugly their city 's metros are . 
  lives in a city without a metro . 
  did n't feel dangerous at all to me , and i felt less like i was going to get blown up by a jihadist than i do in london 's underground ( but that 's only because i 'm paranoid ) . 
  yeah , i meant 48 % who voted . 
  you think 160,000 mostly non-working refugees are the reason behind sweden 's ` economic boom ' ? 
  oh get a fucking grip - it 's the democrats , a party that would be centre-right in europe , not the green party of sweden . 
  they , and clinton herself , are hardly left-wing at all . 
  how can a woman who only began supporting same-sex marriage in recent years because it became politically convenient for her to do so , lead a far-left party of identity politics ? 
  she 's not a liberal or a progressive , she 's a careerist piece of shit with no convictions or values . 
  it 's absurd bullshit . 
  48 % of americans voted for clinton and i bet not even 5 % of them give a rats arse about identity politics . 
  why the fuck is it acceptable to start bashing liberals and left-wing people for being cry babies but if you dare to say one negative thing about the white working class you are attacked for being an elitist or some stupid shit ? 
  are the white working class now some divine group that ca n't be criticised ever ? 
  or are they so fragile that they think everything is an affront ? 
  honestly , i 'm getting pretty fucking sick of this . 
  far-left progressives do not represent most left-wingers . 
  saying some lunatics who think white men are the devil represent the left is no worse than saying white supremacists represent the right or accusing all trump voters of being little hitlers . 
  enough with this dumb shit . 
  i thought you were joking at first but now i see you 're being serious - which is really very silly . 
  a lot of the taxis i use say ` defecation in the vehicle will incur an extra charge ' - so it already happens , and these people are almost always drunk . 
  most people do n't want to go for a car ride in their own shit . 
  everything is fine and dandy , i 'm sure . 
  wtf, 
  government denies it has no brexit plan , insists things are fine . 
  i am so shocked . 
  i 'd like to say we learnt our lesson after the disasters of the 1960s and 1970s . 
  the best buildings in the uk are listed so you could n't bulldoze , say , the tower of london and replace them with flats . 
  france will be fine . 
  it recovered more strongly than the uk did initially , though its growth has been lackluster over the past 2-3 years . 
  sweden 's hdi is increasing though . 
  it was 0.898 in 2014 and 0.907 in 2015 . 
  the trend is up , not down . 
  it 's always been one of the top countries and i have no doubt it always will . 
  so clearly not everyone 's idea of free speech is the same as yours , and given it is the only such index to measure press freedom , i am more inclined to trust them over you or any other quack on the internet . 
  clearly the right to hold anti-gay protests at soldiers ' funerals is not a right fiercely defended in many countries . 
  if anyone wants to imply that sweden is doomed because it apparently censors people then the same must apply to the uk as well , and many other countries where free speech does not equal ` say anything you want to anyone anywhere anytime ' . 
  personally i am very happy they were banned , and see no reason for them to be here . 
  free speech simply does n't boil down to how offensive a person can be while getting away with it . 
  i see no reason why a person 's right to be as offensive as possible trumps another 's right not to feel intimidated or threatened by aggressive behaviour . 
  quite . 
  people in the uk have been arrested for posting stuff on twitter and facebook , and not only death threats . 
  this is common practice in many countries . 
  free speech absolutely has its limits and you can not say whatever you want wherever you want and expect no consequences ever . 
  maybe in denmark you could go up to a black person and call them a n **** r but in the uk and i suspect many countries you could get arrested for it because hate speech laws are a thing . 
  everyone should use force against neo-nazis . 
  they are true scum and deserve to die . 
  sweden is 10th on the press freedom index , some pretty serious violations of free speech going on there / s, 
  so by 2030 sweden will be poorer than libya and mexico ? 
  i find that very hard to believe regardless of what happens . 
  the liberal left is already fractured , has been for decades . 
  at least in the uk . 
  in any case , labour wo n't govern alone without scotland . 
  it simply ca n't happen . 
  their only hope to getting into power again is forming a coalition with other parties , but fears of the snp bossing england around will put paid to that i think . 
  populist leader backtracks on outrageous promises - what a shocker .
