  is 16 stefan lofven ? 
  i thought it was a girl at first but it looks very much like him . 
  big difference between the kind of things rutte was saying and the kind of things wilders was saying though . 
  rutte is n't proposing to shut down all mosques , ban all muslim immigration or make the quran illegal . 
  saying that people who do n't respect our culture should leave is hardly controversial , and i suspect many left-wingers agree with it ( including myself ) . 
  it 's a definite shift rightwards as far as migration is concerned , but he 's managed to stave off pvv to a certain extent without having to go full-retard like they have , and at least the dutch know they have someone capable in charge instead of some wildcard populist . 
  it 's a lot more than we can say for the americans . 
  they 're also not departing the eu and all of the uncertainty that comes along with it . 
  ca n't say that about the uk . 
  plus , check their policies . 
  i 'd go as far as saying that vvd are very similar to new labour . 
  i mean , left-wingers in the uk wish the uk was more like the netherlands . 
  i certainly do . 
  it 's a much better country . 
   the idea that trump refuses or is refusing to act cordial toward merkel is preposterous it really is n't . 
  at all . 
  trump is a big baby . 
  the right are associating themselves with some great people here . 
  certain people like to see themselves as the crusaders of truth . 
  just let them rant - they 'll slink off in due course . 
  a woman was stabbed to death in london this week . 
  not exactly breaking news . 
  i get it . 
  be very afwaid . 
  same for the uk and belgium from what i can tell . 
  fwiw , in 2011 the uk was 87.1 % white . 
  this is down from 92.2 % in 2001 . 
  eh , people in their 30s in the uk are pro-eu too . 
  this extends to people in their early 40s . 
  in general people become more conservative as they get older ( or their priorities change ) , but not always . 
  people of all ages have become more liberal on social issues like homosexuality , for example . 
  i did n't say they were leftist , ffs . 
  you assume that anything right-of-centre must automatically be terrible for people who are left-of-centre . 
  does n't work like that . 
  you also fail to realise that a right-wing party in one country might be centrist or centre-left in another . 
  the tories and vvd are both centre-right officially but i 'd be a lot more content with vvd than the tories , given vvd are further to the left on most issues . 
  also bearing in mind that many alt-righters think merkel is a leftist . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  repeating the same thing over and over again does n't make it true . 
  d66 are social liberals but more right-wing on economic issues . 
  they have the same ideology as the liberal democrats in the uk . 
   so there 's nothing a leftist can feel happy about . 
  clearly you are incorrect , because i am pretty happy with how the election turned out . 
  his party also performed better in 2010 , so it 's not like this is some miraculous breakthrough for his party - that already happened 7 years ago . 
  so much attention was paid to him this time around because he was polling first for so long , but his party did n't live to to the expectations . 
  parties like groenlinks and d66 also gained more seats than pvv , so it 's not * totally * bad news for leftists ( and yes i realise d66 is centrist , but liberal on social issues ) . 
  either way , if mainstream parties need to get tougher on immigration in order to prevent some moron like trump getting elected , then so be it . 
  there 's a lot more at stake than immigration - and believe it or not some people are not totally obsessed with immigration . 
  people hate trump for many more reasons than his rhetoric against immigration . 
  i still think it 's amazing that the far-right do so well amongst french youth , and so poorly amongst older french voters . 
  total opposite of the uk . 
  military power helps when you 're trying to ` lead the free world ' , i guess . 
  look at russia - smaller economy than the uk , france and germany , military not much larger than the uk or france , yet it 's treated as more or less equal to the us because it has thousands of nuclear warheads . 
  no other reason . 
   love how the media have been pushing the narrative that this has been a victory for the left against populism !, 
  they have n't . 
  it 's been portrayed as a victory against right-wing populism by the centre-ground . 
  it 's a victory for moderates . 
  yes , they ( vvd ) have taken a more conservative stance regarding immigration but providing france votes for macron in may , the eu looks set to continue and the uk will be firmly on its own as the outcast of europe . 
  wilders is n't in power , and that is really the most important thing out of all of this . 
  this is n't about ` the left ' . 
  i am a left-winger but would vote for fillon to keep le pen out of power if i lived in france , just like i would vote for theresa may over paul nuttall if it was only a choice between them . 
  she 's not leading a country though so it 's irrelevant whether she could do better . 
  germany ca n't be the leader of the free world until it has the military to match . 
  right now , the uk and france are superior in that regard . 
  i mean ireland having a gdp per capita higher than norway does n't mean much at all . 
  i did n't say the presence of multinationals has n't made ireland a more prosperous place compared to 30 or 40 years ago . 
  ireland benefits from attracting multinationals , which gives it a ridiculously inflated gdp per capita , even though it means very little to the average person . 
  i coughed today . 
  looked on google . 
  i have fucking lung cancer . 
  which other countries voted for france to leave the eu ? 
  the uk might end up doing well outside of the eu . 
  it 's probably better to wait about 5 years until the full effects of leaving the eu become really apparent . 
  sturgeon wants independence at any cost , but there 's a high possibility that this will backfire for her and the snp will be humiliated . 
  oh look , another person whose entire existence revolves around one subject . 
  uk is a dumb country . 
  totally unrelated , of course . 
  love me some paris . 
  shame about parisians . 
  over 2 million muslims . 
  it 's not an insignificant number . 
  most polls were within the margin of error . 
  certain media outlets may have chosen to focus on particular polls that showed what they wanted , but that does n't detract from the fact that most polls were within the margin of error and remain win was never certain . 
  i think that happens more in cities that are highly segregated . 
  ukip , for example , do extremely poorly in london but comparatively well in some multicultural northern towns . 
  these northern towns are much more segregated than london . 
  combine that with the fact that they 're economically and socially deprived , while london is very successful , and it 's easy to see why populist parties would do well there . 
  rotterdam seems to be worse off than amsterdam so maybe the same applies here . 
  i can imagine 90 % of that sub posting in / r/incels and other wonderful subs . 
  they are all big red flags and probably congregate there because nobody irl would touch them with a 10-foot barge pole . 
  kind of sad in a way . 
  all they want is acceptance . 
  what the media reported has no bearing on what actually happened . 
  and others suggested remain would lose , or only win marginally . 
  in the end it was within the margin of error . 
  exactly . 
  the likes of wilders have quick solutions that appeal to the brainless masses but nothing that will actually work . 
  this is false , and has been proven false countless times already . 
  stop parroting any old shit you see and apply some critical thinking for once in your life .
