  it seems like everyone is pointing the finger at them and getting off on the idea that their country is apparently falling to pieces - particularly if it reinforces someone 's agenda or ideology . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed off too . 
  you can agree with the opinion that sweden has problems with immigration and integration , without agreeing with the opinion that sweden is ` falling under ' or somehow too dangerous to visit . 
  the reality is simple - sweden is a stable and prosperous nation with a very high standard of living * but * has issues in some immigrant suburbs . 
  these issues need to be dealt with instead of brushed under the carpet , but it does n't equate to sweden being ` dangerous ' . 
  he listed off a bunch of terrorist attacks in brussels , paris and berlin , and then mentioned what happened in sweden ` last night ' . 
  people are confused because what he said was confusing . 
  there is no need to defend him - the man is an idiot . 
  probably because the world 's most powerful man is incapable of conveying what he means , hence the confusion . 
  someone in his position should really know better . 
   so unless you 're arguing that nobody on the mainstream right or in the political center cares about scandal most people are fairly apolitical and do n't associate strongly with either left or right . 
  i 'm arguing that these people , for whatever reason , seem willing to give the likes of le pen a pass when they would n't for any other leader . 
  this includes right-wing leaders like fillon who obviously lost a lot of support over his own scandals . 
  i guess he means far-right parties . 
  people who vote for centre-right parties are usuaully rather liberal socially . 
  and if the same thing happened to , say , macron , it would be the opposite - he 'd be accused of being an establishment stooge . 
  you are correct . 
  people need protecting from themselves . 
  this is why a benign dictatorship is best . 
  i wonder why . . 
  wo n't make a difference . 
  when a far-right candidate is caught up in a scandal , it does n't make a difference to their polling numbers . 
  it 's like normal rules do n't apply to them and they can do as many bad things as they want and people wo n't care . 
  ai n't no cure for that . 
  it 's a life-long disability . 
  or the uk : https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/gb/us americans really do need to focus on their own issues before obsessing over events in other countries . 
  it ai n't muslims killing over 700 people a year in chicago . 
  yeah so sweden has had these issues for a while . 
  sweden 's foreign-born population has been increasingly significantly for a long time . 
  sweden has been taking refugees from war-torn countries for a long time . 
  people have been calling malmo a war zone for what , the past 2 decades ? 
  if not longer . 
  and there was someone from rosengard on here a few days ago disputing the idea that he lives in a no-go zone . 
  basically , you can find anyone on the internet who can prove anything . 
  means fuck all really . 
  calm yo ass down bitch, 
  sweden has been taking in refugees from war-torn countries for decades . 
  human development index is literally made up of just 3 things - per capita income , life expectancy at birth , and expected years in schooling ( which is only relevant to third world countries , finns spend less time in schooling than brits but they get way better results anyway ) . 
  needless to say , there are better , more comprehensive , indexes out there . 
  this includes the legatum prosperity index : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legatum_prosperity_index#2016_rankings and the oecd better life index : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oecd_better_life_index#2016_ranking, 
   proletariat that 's a fancy word for ` stupid poor people ' . 
  yeah yeah , whinge some more . 
  maybe if you did better in school you could have been an elite yourself . 
  more champagne for me !, 
  so sick of the lower classes moaning about their life , voting for moron far-right parties because their life sucks and they want someone to blame . 
  get over it , cry baby . 
  your life is the way it is because you made shitty choices at some point in the past . 
  then you have the cheek to complain about immigrants having kids in your country because you 're too stupid and poor to have any yourself . 
  you guys really are an entitled bunch of whinging losers . 
  i do n't think there is anything he can do to gain more support unless the other candidates are embroiled in scandal . 
  it 's a real shame , but he 's in a position of trying to appease everyone and that rarely works too well . 
  hopefully he will get to the second round . . 
  no no , it 's the biased liberal media \u2122 at fault !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  freak out !!!!!!!!!, 
  if you do n't want opinions of people not living in france , post it on / r/france . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  oh no , please do n't post your shit on this sub as well . 
  the fuck are these cartoons ? 
  nah , it 's pretty spot on . 
  most people think sweden is a great country . 
  a city in the uk is really only a city if it has been granted city status by the monarch . 
  leeds and sheffield were n't cities until the late 1800s even though they were quite large by then . 
  reminds me of one of those creepy villages you find in games like resident evil 4 . . can imagine the residents turning to zombies at night and killing any ` outsiders ' . 
  there 's no official definition in the uk . 
  always and forever . 
  sweden is one of the world 's wealthiest country and provides a very high standard of living to its citizens . 
  it scores very well across a multitude of areas and should be proud of that . 
  but it 's also true that sweden has problems with immigration - such as integration , and those problems should be tackled instead of brushed under the carpet . 
  for what it 's worth , in 2016 , sweden was named the country with the best international reputation - above norway and canada . 
  rest assured , swedes , the overwhelming majority of people in the real world think your country is fantastic . 
  i have n't met a single person who thinks sweden is a soon-to-be caliphate . 
  there are few countries in the world with a better image . 
   some shit facebook page posted something fake which many people will have taken as a gospel without an ounce of critical thought . 
  but this is the era of trump and brexit so whatevz . 
  clue is in the username . 
  this sub is obsessed with re-posting old stories , huh ? 
  not exactly the point of the article - but being deliberately obtuse is always fun . 
  the uk 's decision to allow migrants from a8 countries to move here immediately is probably the biggest reason brexit happened . 
  most other countries were against allowing migrants from a8 countries freedom to move there immediately . 
  uk , sweden and ireland were the exceptions . 
  it might be muslims everyone is freaking out over on the continent but the uk is n't the same . 
  like i said elsewhere , many people in the uk view poles in the same way poles view muslims . 
  in the uk 's case immigration from eastern europe was a significant factor . 
  the refugee crisis , surprisingly enough , was n't . 
  okay . 
  i 'm the sort of person who is n't interested in what you 're saying , hence the flippant response . 
  please go away . 
  nurse !, 
  i do n't think the swiss would . 
  i like the row houses . 
  it 's the low-density suburban sprawl that i dislike . 
  no , but it does look like [ this ] ( http://robynbateman.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/image-news-view-mk.jpg ) . 
  at least the architecture in almere attempts to look interesting . 
  seems like milton kenyes - a place where people live because it 's reasonably cheap but still close to london . 
  also did n't exist until the mid-1960s and is probably the dullest place in britain . 
  this is in lahti , right ? 
  you might want to do some research on france 's two-round voting system to see why a result like brexit or trump is much less likely in france . 
  i was n't arguing with anyone . 
  i just despise americans . 
  every single one .
