  i thought lefties had a hard time in the uk but the spd appear to be in a much worse position than the labour party here . 
  i wonder how the spd would fare with a figure like corybn , who managed to succeed in his campaign to get certain groups to turn out in large numbers to vote for him ( i.e young people , and people who never voted before ) ? 
  swedish master race, 
  that does not contradict what i said at all . 
  you wo n't find many people in yorkshire who do not feel english . 
  feeling more yorkshire than english is different to not feeling english at all , and quite frankly i 'd be surprised if even 15 % of people in yorkshire only identified as ` yorkshire ' - i have never met anyone who would say that . 
  and it is really quite laughable that you 're trying to tell someone who actually lives there that they 're wrong . 
  yorkshire is an english county - not a nation . 
  my other post got deleted because i used a shortened url ( whoops ) , but i 'm pretty certain it 's the village of muker . 
  uh , i 'm from yorkshire - you are talking out of your bum matey . 
  yorkshire has a distinct regional identity , but it is n't a nation and nobody here thinks they 're not from england or english . 
  funny you should mention essex , as essex has existed for a lot longer than yorkshire has . 
  essex precedes both england and scotland . 
  it was , after all , an anglo-saxon kingdom . 
  dumb hicks should move to the city . 
  that 's the thing - people think that eroding their rights wo n't eventually result in our rights being eroded as well . 
  i could n't care less about 150 jihadists being stripped of british citizenship - they 're cunts and can die for all i care - but with a lot of things it * could * set a precedent . 
  keyword being could . 
  as a gay man , i can definitely say that sex with married men is very enjoyable . 
  your man is mine now , bitch . 
  high household debt is a problem for the other nordic nations as well , and the uk , and the netherlands . 
  swede is n't unique in that regard . 
   my point is that it seems like it 's used in the common-usage way when it seems almost inappropriate to , and that it is done to avoid singling out certain groups . 
  most people really do n't think like this . 
  they tend to look very similar . 
  honestly , you people are looking for a reason to be outraged now . 
  i know - i 'm terrible . 
  fair enough , there are certainly problems with the muslim community in the uk which i 'm not going to deny , but birmingham is n't some dangerous , crime-ridden place where people are getting raped left , right and centre . 
  as i have already shown , it is no more dangerous than other cities in the uk . 
  i feel like i 'm repeating myself here though . 
  the city has a lot of strong attributes and i think it 's sad that people just jump to ` it 's a shithole ' . 
  it might be surprising to some people that birmingham is the most popular destinations for londoners moving elsewhere - there are some dumpy areas but also some really great ones , with excellent state schools . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't hear much about birmingham in the national news , and what news i do see coming from birmingham does n't strike me as any worse than from any other city in this country . 
  the stats would back that up anyway , with crime levels in birmingham being similar to other large cities . 
  of the top 10 most crime-ridden postcodes in the uk , not a single birmingham postcode features . 
  that 's pretty good for the second largest city . 
  but i suppose we all have different interpretations . 
  being too perfect ? 
  it 's sick and unnatural . 
  the uk and france are surprisingly similar in many ways . 
  we also have nearly identical gdp , nearly identical populations , similarly-sized armed forces , etc. 
  our capital cities are also nearly identical in terms of size and gdp , and are both leading alpha cities . 
  they are also significantly larger than any other city in their respective countries and dominate almost everything . 
  oh , and our languages are kind of bastardised - english is a germanic language that is n't really germanic , and french is romance language that is n't really romance . 
  with our two histories being so interlinked , i guess this is unsurprising . 
  we have a love-hate relationship , but i think france will always have a special place in the uk 's heart . 
  even if it 's only to make fun of you . 
  i did n't downvote you - i just replied to your post . 
  if anyone downvoted you , it was n't me . 
  birmingham has a bad reputation in the uk , but it always has - even before indians and pakistanis moved to the uk en masse . 
  it 's a large post-industrial city with a lot of post-war brutalism and motorways . 
  the people there also speak with a thick accent . 
  that is the bulk of birmingham 's negative reputation . 
  in fact , i 'd wager every large city in the uk has a bad reputation . 
  some worse than others . 
  given that a ) crime levels in birmingham are no worse than any other major british city , and b ) you are certainly no more likely to be raped in birmingham than any other major british city ( less , even ) , i would be very curious in hearing your reasons for having that impression . 
  certainly , having spent plenty of time in every major british city , besides being architecturally rather hideous , nothing has given me the impression that birmingham is any worse than the city i live in ( leeds ) , or london , or manchester , or anywhere else . 
  it definitely does n't feel any less safe . 
   well , it 's rather conclusive , is n't it ? 
  not at all . 
  if what you were saying is true , these groups would n't have some of the highest poverty rates in the uk . 
  most of them arrive in the uk poor , and stay poor . 
  these groups having good gcse results is only a recent development though . 
  good thing you do n't live here anymore then . 
  i 'm sure it 's happened in every sizeable town or city at least once . 
  it seems statistically improbable for that not to be the case . 
  that does n't make it okay , but there 's no reason to fixate on birmingham when you might as well direct your ire at the uk in general , or indeed western europe . 
  indeed , the uk rape capital is northamptonshire , followed by cornwall and devon - some more horrible places . 
  on the uk census , there is a group called asian/asian british . 
  under that , you have indian , pakistani , bangladeshi , chinese , and other . 
  it 's a total non-issue because nobody in the uk is under the impression that chinese people are raping young girls , because everyone knows how the word asian is used in british english , and it is very rarely used to describe people from east asia . 
  this is n't proof of anything , it 's speculation . 
  yes , i am joking . 
  i know it 's hard to tell given the state of this sub recently though . 
  i 've been to birmingham many times and have n't yet succumbed to shakira law , so all is good . 
  every town and city in the uk must be a horrible place then . 
  you were implying that the uk only allowed in the ` cream of the crop ' . 
  there is nothing to suggest that ever happened in the past . 
  do you have any proof to suggest so ? 
   or are you suggesting uk did n't have any requirements 10-15 years ago for african immigration that is not what i 'm suggesting - how you could possibly come to that conclusion when i said nothing of the sort is quite remarkable . 
  if , for example , a chinese person in the uk committed a crime , and the police wanted to describe him , they 'd specifically say he was chinese , because if they said he was asian , people would expect indian or pakistani , not chinese . 
  asian , in common uk usage , is almost always applied to people from the indian subcontinent . 
  i do n't know anyone who refers to chinese or japanese people when they talk about ` asians ' . 
  i can assure you though that nobody is going to think the two people who sexually assaulted that teenage girl are nepalese . 
  you are free to believe whatever you want , but since you do n't live in the uk , it really does n't matter . 
  well , fox news did confirm that birmingham is off-limits to non-muslims . 
  so there you go . 
  most black africans in the uk are low-income , poverty rates for this group are higher than average . 
  this does n't suggest to me that they are the ` cream of the crop ' or that they were chosen specifically because they were ` better ' . 
  i say it 's no longer the case because to move to the uk from outside the eu you need to earn at least # 35,000 a year . 
  that was n't the case 10 or 15 years ago . 
  even many professionals from places like the us face deportation unless they find jobs that pay more than that . 
  strict immigration procedures ? 
  that might be the case now but it was n't necessarily true in the past when it was much easier to move to the uk from commonwealth countries . 
  i think it shows that environment must be a very important factor if africans in the uk can do relatively well in exams . 
  the average african might have a very low iq , but why would they perform well on exams in the uk , even compared to white pupils ? 
  the brave warriors on here are fighting the pc brigade , one post at a time . 
  show some respect , for their struggle is real . 
  though in the uk black africans out-perform white brits on gcse exams .
