  good thing that is n't the case then . 
  phew . 
  france < 3, 
  simply throwing money at something does n't make the problem disappear though . 
  we spend a shit ton on our nhs but it 's still in perpetual crisis mode . 
  the allocation of money is usually more important . 
  i agree that sweden should be doing better , but the fact that it has improved is perhaps a cause for optimism . 
  i live in leeds too . 
  i do n't think leeds , or any regional city , has anywhere near the level of protection london has . 
  i fear the response here would be much slower . 
  but i do n't know for sure . 
  we 're obviously less of a target than london though . 
  after the berlin attacks in december , armed police were deployed to the streets of british major cities , so that 's reassuring . 
  i mean , i get your point . 
  it 's still kind of scary to think that any old maniac can jump into a car and drive into people . 
  but if terrorists are finding it much , much harder to carry out major attacks then , imo , that is a positive development . 
  but obviously it is n't enough . 
  we need to prevent people becoming radicalised full stop . 
  from an economic perspective , muslims in the uk are better integrated than their continental counterparts . 
  the gap in employment between native brits and non-european immigrants is significantly lower than in other european countries . 
  they are also better educated , with groups like bangladeshis outperforming the native population , and pakistanis not far behind . 
  from a cultural perspective , i do n't know if the situation in the uk is better . 
  it 's obviously not good , but it 's hard to quantify how better or worse it is in relation to elsewhere . 
  there is a problem with extremism and obviously there have been child exploitation scandals which have ( rightfully ) caused outrage . 
  if you look at areas of london that are heavily populated by muslims like tower hamlets , they are nothing like similar areas on the continent like rinkeby or clichy-sous-bois . 
  i guess it also helps that tower hamlets is one of the richest boroughs in the country . . 
  nah , you love it . 
  if it was n't for these attacks , your raison d'etre would cease to be . 
  it 's like i said before , these people ( trump fanatics ) * love * terrorist attacks . 
  it gives them a good excuse to post crap like this . 
  i can absolutely guarantee that people on / r/t _ d will be going to bed tonight with a big smile on their faces . 
  i said you were a clever boy . 
  it 's a compliment . 
  calling someone a mongoloid requires some serious intellect , after all . 
  i did n't call you stupid . 
  you probably are though . 
  so imaginative . 
  the uk has an earnings limit for immigrants moving here from outside the eu ( has to be over # 35,000 ) , and we are taking in a limited number of refugees only from camps in the middle east . 
  groups like poles have rapidly approached and overtaken immigrants from places like pakistan because far more poles have been moving to the uk than pakistanis or other nationalities from muslim countries . 
  our radical islamists are the children of first-generation immigrants who moved here in the 60s and 70s . 
  their population has grown a lot mostly because they have a lot of kids . 
  there is a real problem with islamic extremism , but the muslim community in the uk is n't going anywhere . 
  this is why the likes of wildes and le pen are dangerous - they do n't offer any real solutions to real problems . 
  banning the quran and shutting all mosques wo n't do anything . 
  i think this ' #prayfor ' thing has been overused now . 
  obviously there have been a number of tragedies but still . 
  it just seems cringe-worthy to me . 
  i was providing examples of people jumping to conclusions before the facts have been established . 
  we should always wait until everything is clear before making assumptions . 
  you were n't aware of those incidents , but they were posted with eagerness on certain subs with the assumption that the perpetrators were muslims , or that the attackers were islamic terrorists . 
  unlike you , i haven no agenda to push here . 
  i absolutely realise that islamic terrorism is a problem . 
  the only thing i and others want is for people to remain calm and level-headed until everything is clear and the facts are established . 
  there is nothing wrong with this at all , and your overly-defensive responses are unwarranted . 
  you seem to think your post proves something . 
  i 'm not seeing it though . 
  good . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  but it seems to have helped to prevent a major attack . 
  people from india and pakistan are called asians in the uk , and always have . 
  nothing to do with political correctness , you absolute berk . 
  not much you can do to stop some person driving a car into people , unless you put bollards or concrete blocks along every road . 
  silly germans , it 's just ` wine ' but with the e before the i. 
  silly dutch , it 's just ` word ' with an extra o. 
  just gon na post before this crap gets removed for being low-quality . 
  yeah , i 'd agree that these groups are worse . 
  you ca n't really compromise or negotiate with them in the way you could with the ira . 
  dealing with islamic terrorism is definitely a harder task . 
  oh , and since 7/7 , how many people have died due to islamic terrorism in the uk ? 
  until today it was 1 - lee rigby , if that 's counted . 
  the uk has been pretty fortunate in that regard , and our superior intelligence agencies help . 
  but overall far fewer people are being killed now than in the 70s or 80s . 
  it was objectively worse back then . 
  the ira disrupted life quite significantly - more than islamic terrorism is now . 
  sweden improved last year , so no they 're not in freefall . 
  they fell below the oecd average in 2013 but are once again above it . 
  you danes seem to have a huge chip on your shoulder regarding sweden . 
  it 's pathetic tbh . 
   do n't know why so many other europeans are in denial , or will outright want you banned for saying so . 
  when some nutter killed 9 people in munich last year , people assumed it was islamic terrorism . 
  when a car drove into a crowd in a city in germany in february , people assumed it was islamic terrorism . 
  when some kid went into a school in france and shot at people , people assumed it was islamic terrorism . 
  they were wrong . 
  if it is specifically a terrorist incident then yes there 's a high chance it 's an islamic terror attack , but far too many people on here jump to conclusions before the facts are established , and often end up looking stupid . 
  i 'm afraid to say that certain people and certain subs on here were just itching for an incident like this to happen so they can say ` we were right !!!, 
  that 's / r/t _ d in a nutshell . 
  bunch of spotty losers who probably use 4chan . 
  yeah , islamic terrorist attacks tend to claim more lives because their intent is to kill and maim as many as possible . 
  the ira did n't usually target civilians nor were they interested in mass fatalities . 
  but yes , terrorism in the uk is far lower now than in the 70s . 
  our people are being killed every 48 hours by islamic terrorists ? 
  he 's in hell now , with maggie . 
  they do n't do too badly in the pisa exams for 2015 : http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/58471001ba6eb6d3008b7bf9-1200 i know they used to do better though . 
  however , on reading they 're above denmark and on science and maths they 're only a bit below norway - and norway has never performed particularly well on the pisa exams , a lot less well than you 'd expect for a country with its wealth . 
  that 's because it 's shit . 
  france was supposed to be in the top 10 by now . 
  that 's been posted before . 
  it 's crap . 
  sweden should have been out of the top 20 by now , but it is n't . 
  spain and italy should have overtaken the us by now , but they have n't .
