  given the fact that the vast majority of them probably speak very poor english or no english at all , they 'd be totally excluded both socially and economically . 
  they might as well stay in france . 
  there is absolutely nothing they can do here that they ca n't do there or in any other western european country . 
  if france is good enough for the moroccans , algerians and tunisians , as well as the spaniards and italians , it should be good enough for some desperate former goat herder from rural afghanistan . 
  it 's like the third world !, 
  croatia is so scary . 
  be very afraid . 
  what a wonderful website . 
  this is pretty much the situation we find ourselves in . 
  2016 is the year that everyone went full retard . 
  i have no problem with reducing the number of refugees europe takes in - by a lot in some countries - but some of these suggestions really are silly . 
  as another member mentioned , unless you are willing to back up those warning shots with actual bullets in bodies then yeah it 's not going to achieve much . 
  these people are already risking their life getting here - i doubt the sound of guns will deter them , lol . 
  for the record - it was n't serious , and i do n't live in london so you can piss off with your assumptions . 
  i am simply making the argument that multiculturalism is not inherently bad like you seem to think it is . 
  if white people in london want to leave london because there are too many ethnic minorities then that is entirely their choice , and good luck to wherever they end up . 
  if you 're expecting me to feel sorry for them though , you have another thing coming . 
  and you should be careful what you wish for - london is by far the biggest net contributor to the uk economy . 
  remove the uk 's most successful and dynamic city and you 're left with a country no wealthier than spain or italy . 
  young people from all over the country move there in search of employment - and i have no doubt they 'd abandon the uk in favour of an independent london as well . 
  london is vying with new york as the world 's greatest city . 
  people might hate it , or feel like it benefits at our expense , or feel like it 's ` foreign ' because there are so many pakistanis or black people , but it 's our greatest asset - i live nearly 200 miles away from london and i have no problem admitting that . 
  it 's a fantastic city , and we 'd all be worse off without it . 
   what is your arugment ? 
  same as yours - that some people from a certain demographic did something horrible so that means that particular demographic is awful through and through . 
  except my tongue is planted firmly in my cheek and i do n't actually believe that . 
  asian grooming gangs are of course worth discussing and it is n't something we should sweep under the carpet - i suspect most left-wingers will agree wholeheartedly . 
  but it is clear to me , and to most people , that child abuse is a big issue , and occurs in countless areas , in the upper echelons of society to the very bottom , from family homes to hospitals , to orphanages to religious institutions . 
  the issue of child abuse is something we should take seriously regardless of who is doing it . 
   we do n't import people to make our schools better , we have good schools or should have good schools in england to educated the english people first and foremost . 
  so why are minorities generally performing better in school ? 
  they are all going through the same education system . 
  have you stopped to consider that maybe the culture of low income white people just does n't encourage educational success , and if anything looks down on it ? 
  white flight was a blessing for london - all of those criminal east end cockneys picked up sticks and moved to essex , and as a result london 's crime rate has fallen significantly . 
  not only that , but london 's schools are now the best in the uk because ethnic minorities do well on exams . 
  you get inner-city schools in areas dominated by bangladeshis doing better than ones in suburban middle-class white neighbourhoods . 
  thank goodness for white flight - making london a richer , safer and better-educated city since the 1980s . 
   i mean we know for a fact that certain demographics have been doing this on an industrial scale in many cities across the uk yes - revelations of famous people in the uk sexually assaulting hundreds of children in the 1980s have risen to the surface , and continue to rise to the surface - most recently with football but there are many investigations taking place right now , looking into allegations against politicians , both living and dead , as well as priests , vicars , military personnel , youth workers , social workers , and probably many more i 'm forgetting . 
  one investigation is currently looking into allegations against a former prime minister !, 
  god dammit , what is it with these rich white elites who go around abusing kids ? 
  so what ? 
   but the younger your people are , the less likely they were to vote . 
  period . 
  quite right - but that is n't what gildredge said . 
  why do people insist on replying to my posts with shit that is n't relevant to what was originally said ? 
  this is why i added ` less conservative ' . 
  they appear less conservative than pakistan , particularly the more rural backward regions . 
  but even the railways in countries like italy and spain , generally having worse governance than anglo nations , are better than the uk . 
  the situation is still preferable to italy though . 
  falling unemployment , a growing economy and growing wages are always good things for ordinary working people . 
  so what is the answer to italy 's problems ? 
  clearly nothing works . 
  maybe italy should just cease to exist . 
  seriously , it 's all well and good saying i know nothing about italian politics - and i do n't claim to be an expert so i 'm more than happy to listen to you - but the very least you can do explain your thoughts on the matter and what you think italy needs to make it more economically competitive . 
  so why are n't our railways better than in countries where the railways are nationalised ? 
  all of these arguments would be fine if our railways were actually good , but they 're not . 
  if it works in other countries , i do n't see why not . 
  the cost of a season ticket in the uk is very expensive , so it stands to reason that only better-off commuters could afford one . 
  that need n't be the case though . 
  i 'd consider traveling by rail more if it was n't so expensive , but for the time being i 'd rather use megabus or an equivalent . 
  i 'm not saying renationalisation would be a fix-all for the railway 's problems , but the current situation clearly is n't working . 
  not much is being done to make it better . 
  regular users of the railways will tell you this . 
  well , it 's nice of you to clarify what you meant . 
  or to change what you meant because what you originally said was incorrect . 
  either way , thanks . 
  fair point . 
  i 'm just not sure why they think the uk is better off with foreign state-owned companies running parts of our infrastructure as opposed to the uk government itself . 
  seems entirely ideologically driven to me . 
  i 'm calling them stupid because they are not opposed to companies owned by foreign governments running certain aspects of our infrastructure , but are opposed to doing it themselves . 
  that is n't what you said though . 
   the railways are n't as important as you seem to think they are . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've had a discussion with left wingers who seem to think they are some sort of election winning trump card . 
  given railway renationalisation has public support but the ruling party does n't endorse it , i 'd say that 's fucking obvious . 
  i was just giving the person an example , as they asked . 
  yeah - you need to compare them to the uk 's railways . 
  german railways may be worse than they were before , but that does n't mean they are as bad as the uk 's . 
  there is , actually - renationalisation is a very popular policy in the uk . 
  british rail were apparently not very good , but that does n't mean a modern-day equivalent would be the same . 
  that 's nice . 
  portugal has a gdp of $ 297 billion , so not quite the same . 
  did n't say that , did i ? 
  pensioners in the uk have gone from the poorest group , to the richest . 
  they are the only group in the uk whose incomes have grown in real terms . 
  maybe they are poorer than french pensioner , but still better off than the rest of us . 
  0.8 % in q3 2016 and 1.6 % year-on-year . 
  it 's growing pretty strongly , even more than germany right now . 
  old people tend be well off in comparison in the uk too , but still had no problem rocking the boat . 
  but italy 's economic performance is much worse even than spain and portugal . 
  there is clearly more to it than just the euro . 
  fair enough , but look at spain and portugal now - they are in a much better position than italy . 
  their economies are growing strongly and unemployment is falling . 
  italy , meanwhile , does nothing to change and remains in a state of ` not quite economic crisis but nearly there ' . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the question . 
  are you trying to blame italy 's crappy economy on the euro ? 
  well , germany 's railways are state owned and are generally reliable while being affordable . 
  the tories in the uk are vehemently opposed to state ownership of the railways , and seem to think that the current situation of worsening overcrowding and reliability while prices continue to soar is somehow good . 
  would germans tolerate that ? 
  in fact , tories are so opposed to state ownership of the railways in the uk that they would rather give government-owned companies in other countries contracts to run our railways . 
  this is how stupid they are .
