  i suppose it depends on which source you 're using , but at best wages in ireland are only marginally higher than in the uk , while the cost of living is roughly the same ( perhaps a little higher in ireland ) . 
  it is n't the big difference you seem to think it is . 
  please explain to me why you hold so much hostility towards the uk - it ca n't all be down to a genocide that occurred long before you were born . 
  so what is it ? 
  they 're all people , right ? 
  i do n't care any more about german people than i do refugees . 
  merkel is n't a leftist though . 
  this is largely her doing . 
  okay - never heard of it before . 
  ireland might have a higher standard of living , but that still does n't equate to higher average wages . 
  of course , a country can have higher wages but lower living standards . 
  that 's why i said ` borderline ' . 
  they are evidently much further to the right than mainstream centre-right parties in europe . 
  it does n't take a genius to notice this . 
  sure , but the topic is switzerland , not britain . 
  it 's snowed in june in england before . 
  a cricket match was called off in buxton on 2 june 1975 . http://m.stokesentinel.co.uk/cricket-day-snow-stopped-play-buxton/story-21172809-detail/story.html, 
  well done spain . 
  i have a cousin who only moved out when she was 30 , but i do n't think it 's fair to say that she was an adolescent until 30 . 
  these things are usually out of the control of the individual anyway because the cost of moving out has become so expensive . 
  nine times out of ten it is n't a voluntary decision but one borne out of necessity and practicality . 
  i 'm 21 and live on my own . 
  would you consider me an adolescent , or not ? 
  as a full-time worker i certainly do n't feel like a child . 
  they are not considered adolescents in the uk . 
  are they considered adolescents in brazil ? 
  though i suppose it 's understandable - when i was 10 , i thought people in their 20s were ` very old ' . 
  perspective . 
  they certainly wo n't gain votes , but that has little to do with individual policies , because most people are unaware of them . 
  the labour party wo n't win any votes because people do n't want jeremy corybn as their prime minister . 
  nearly everything else is secondary to that . 
  they 're very popular policies to be fair . 
  they 're certainly not going to cost them any votes . 
  the british public pretty much want everything that was state-owned in the past to be nationalised today . 
  oh , and anyone who has to put up with buses in provincial england can categorically state that they 're fucking dreadful , and bus deregulation was a huge mistake . 
  london buses are many times better because they were never deregulated . 
  the whole point of deregulation was to improve the service by increasing competition , but all that happened is one company gained a monopoly and the service got worse because the only thing private bus companies care about is their own profit . 
  the gop would be bordering far-right by european standards . 
  what reasons do people usually vote for nationalist parties ? 
  they do n't rise to prominence for no reason . 
  switzerland is a very wealthy country and does n't have the areas of post-industrial destitution that britain and france have . 
  so there are probably other things influencing their decision . . a disliking of eastern europeans is perhaps one of them . 
  they 're the only country in western europe with a nationalist party in power . 
  i presume you 're referring to gni per capita - in which case , you 're still not right . 
  the swiss are pretty xenophobic . 
  that 's probably why they are making all these promises - they know they 're not going to win so might as well promise everything . 
  i guarantee you that no labour government will abolish tuition fees , not least because when labour actually get elected they 're basically tory lite ( which can be good or bad depending on your pov ) . 
  everything you post is retarded . 
  nothing can replace internet porn . 
  not even a real person !!, 
  sweden ? 
  they have a left-wing coalition . 
  just because remain voters are sticking with the tories does n't mean the bloody country is rallying around brexiteers . 
  i have no interest in blocking the referendum result but i still think brexiters are thick . 
  thing is , in my mind , the tories are not the non-ridiculous solution , nor am i prepared to lend them my vote just because theresa may is n't jeremy corybn . 
  i would certainly rather abstain entirely than vote for them . 
  everything they espouse is the opposite of what i want . 
  that north korea ball , lol . 
  i 'm the same age . 
  depends on how our opinions change over time . 
  our two nations share a very unusual relationship - very much love/hate . 
  friends who are enemies . 
  we have more in common than we 'd care to admit . 
  big baby . 
  let 's emulate belgium and try to go a year without a functioning government . 
  come on , it 'll be fun . 
  thing is , the problem has been left for so long that any correction in house prices now will cause a lot of issues . 
  it wo n't be painless . 
  london has a long way to fall before property prices are even remotely affordable . 
  the right thing . 
  seems you 're a tad salty . 
  this is 2017 . 
  the current british government is in no way responsible for what happened , nor are ordinary british people alive today . 
  we are going about our lives just like everyone else . 
  the amount of vitriol i have seen in one or two posts goes well beyond normal . 
  yes , here i am . 
  pointing out the obvious is always fun . 
  yeah because spotty geeks on reddit were sooooo personally affected by things that happened 100 + years ago . 
  they seem to think more about us than we do about them . 
  a lot of irish people on here have a huge chip on their shoulder regarding the uk . 
  it 's strange , because ireland is one of the few places in europe i almost never think about . 
  higher gdp per capita is irrelevant - it is not a reflection of personal income . 
  brits generally like ireland a lot - there is no animosity . 
  your saltiness is really uncalled for . 
  there are others too , though they are increasingly sidelined in favour of weirdos like david davis . 
  not at all . 
  more like the french blair . 
  third way politics . 
  fillon was the french thatcher . 
  yes , she is very sensible . 
  it 's annoying that she 's so loyal to the tories , but she always proves to be a level head . 
  same reason dolly parton looks older in the past , sometimes . 
  yes , they surrendered to common sense !, 
   yeah i hope issues grow that 's the spirit !, 
  i wish merkel was our leader , that 's for sure . 
   the issues will grow and the national front will grow with them . 
  fingers crossed , right ? 
  similar to some guy on this sub who went around posting that pic of the dead girl in stockholm , but he inserted the image within text so you did n't know what you were clicking on . 
  these scumbags are all too happy to use dead children as pawns . 
  they are fucking disgusting and words can not accurately describe how much i despise them .
