  looking at the graph , it just looks like m\u00e9lenchon 's support increases around the same time le pen 's decreases , and they probably have very similar economic policies . 
  are some le pen supporters switching to m\u00e9lenchon ? 
  true , but there is definitely a lot of people who are actively choosing not to drink because they just do n't want to . 
  she 's already been declared a cuckservative . 
  i just looked it up . 
  it 's made with fermented apples , along with juices and flavourings . 
  interesting . 
  i guess those cider snobs were wrong all along . 
  a drunk pole ? 
  what next - wet water ? 
  and this , in my opinion , is why comparing theresa may to the likes of trump is just silly . 
  possibly . 
  i 've seen the idea floated before - that the youth of today are just rejecting what their parents ' generations did at the same age . 
  and honestly , growing and seeing people completely unable to walk and throwing up might put some people off . . 
  a lot of young people not drinking at all as well : http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/food-and-drink/features/generation-abstemious-more-and-more-young-people-are-shunning-alcohol-a6811186.html compared to previous generations , the youth of today are pretty , uh , calm . 
  do n't realise what you 've got until it 's gone , i guess . 
  yeah , fair point . 
  i drink cider myself , mostly kopparberg . 
  though the flavours i drink are strawberry & lime , and summer fruits , which some insist is n't actually cider since it is n't made using apples ( and they 're right really ) . 
  and in 10 years time you might look back to this article and think ` oh how silly they were ' . 
  thought beer would have been more popular in the uk - but at the same time , a lot of people i know drink wine . 
  wine bars have popped up like crazy . 
  ` putin !, 
  you are go\u00e9ng to be a fathair !, 
  now gib ~ ~ funding ~ ~ child support . ', 
  you 'd be happy if she moved there , or you 'd be happier if you moved there ? 
  that cat on the left looks evil . 
  stupid people . 
  here 's the guardian moaning about the bbc having a right-wing bias : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/mar/17/bbc-leftwing-bias-non-existent-myth, 
  this should end well . . 
  maybe in paris , but definitely not here . 
  what france is experiencing now is what the uk experienced in the 70s and 80s . 
  and if you constantly treat people as outsiders , they will never want to mix with you , because they will feel unwanted . 
  it 's not a one-way street . 
  people moving to a country should accept the rules and laws of the land , but it would be nice if a third or fourth generation immigrant could be accepted as a brit , or a german , or a swede . 
  in a lot of cases , they wo n't be , even if they * do * mix . 
  that is the crux of the point . 
  terrorism has been happening in europe for decades . 
  people are only pointing this out to keep a sense of perspective . 
  surprised by japan . 
  and the point i was making is that if you constantly look at anyone who is ` different ' and refuse to believe they were born in your country by asking them where they are ` really ' from , you should n't be surprised when these people identify more with whatever country they or their parents come from instead of the one they currently live in . 
  okay . . not sure i see the point of your post . 
  but if you have this mindset , do n't be shocked when people struggle to integrate or identify with a country they have never lived in before . 
  in the eyes of a european , a second or third generation immigrant will always be exactly that . . an immigrant . 
  a german of turk descent will never be seen as german by the majority of germans , even if they identified as such . 
  it 's the spectator . 
  most of their articles are harmful and cheap . 
  what i find truly abhorrent , though , is the way the likes of nigel farage and katie hopkins are clamouring onto fox news to say that people in the uk are afraid . 
  the way they are perfectly happy to talk absolute shit about their own country on a foreign media channel to reaffirm their political views sickens me . 
  it is opportunism and nothing more . 
  as others have mentioned , most of the hysteria is coming from outside london and the uk . 
  rest assured , people of the internet , we are not living in fear - and this is coming from a person who has basically spent all his life worrying about death and actively avoiding situations that might result in death ( yeah , i 've been pretty paranoid about dying , lol ) . 
  apparently the risk of terrorism is higher in bristol than london because of anarchist groups . 
  they seem to congregate around there . 
  do you think australia and canada are successful multicultural societies , or not ? 
  why is this news , exactly ? 
  it 's nigel farage , of course he thinks that . 
  i mean , he 's on fox news - he is more or less preaching to the converted . 
  if you say so . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  very scientific , i 'm sure . 
  yeah , but there is nothing to say they are downplaying an issue they do n't want to acknowledge . 
  if that was the case then they would probably say ` there is no danger at all ' . 
  i suspect that is what will happen . 
  i do n't get posts like this . 
  where exactly did he say that everything is fine ? 
  it was n't even implied . 
  a lot of these do n't seem like terrorist attacks to me . . 
  i mean , some random person setting fire to a digger near bristol is apparently a terrorist attack , as well as a man in bradford being attacked with no motive cited . 
  there are a lot of anarchist groups in the uk though it seems . 
  never hear about them though . 
  u r so funny, 
  the attack in london yesterday was not related to antisemitism . 
  it was an indiscriminate attack against random people . 
  in the eyes of islamic terrorists , everyone is fair game . 
  if you want to discuss rising antisemitism in london , you are welcome to start a topic on that particular subject . 
   do you only care about london ? 
  no - but the topic at hand is london . 
  please look at the post i replied to . 
   also , what about the rise in anti-semitic attacks in london ? 
  we are discussing terrorism , not anti-semitic hate crimes . 
  seeing two articles that appear to contradict one another on the same page can be a little confusing . 
  i mostly just ignore it as well - i 'm getting pretty bored of brexit . 
  sure , but the uk will continue to cooperate with its near neighbours . 
  i have n't really looked at either but i think the ft one references to year-on-year sales while this one references three-month sales . 
  so sales in feb 2017 were up on feb 2016 , but sales declined in the december-february period . 
  i do n't think yougov have ever survey poland . 
  they tend to only survey the same countries . 
  why ` oh dear ' ? 
  the 30s incidents were not war related . 
  the troubles can be called a conflict but the ira 's attacks are still deemed terrorism , and rightfully so . 
  i do n't understand why the uk would get off . 
  it 's still part of the world . 
  somehow , i do n't think people who go around murdering people are thinking straight to begin with . 
  let me guess - leavers want free healthcare when they visit the eu but do n't want free healthcare for others coming here . 
  of course they are . 
  everything is a conspiracy . 
  terrorist incidents in london by decade . . 1930s : 13 1940s : 2 1960s : 7 1970s : 44 1980s : 18 1990s : 79 ( ira campaign reaches its peak ) 2000s : 8 2010s : 5 so yes , for london , terrorism is familiar and has been a part of life for as long as most people can remember . 
  of course , not all of these caused deaths - and the ira were much more discriminate in who they targeted - but they nevertheless killed a significant number of people , including 3,000 + civilians , caused billions of pounds worth of damage and disrupted life on a regular basis . 
  and this , of course , is one reason why the uk is so effective at dealing with terrorism .
