  do you really think so little people like myself ? 
  that is very hurtful . 
  people usually do this to save money and time . 
  it is definitely not restricted to universities - the idea that people are too busy to cook is pretty pervasive in the uk . 
  people want food quickly and cheaply . 
  i 'll admit that i fall victim to this - i think i 'm a reasonably good cook but a lot of the time i just ca n't be bothered , unless it 's quick ( like under 15 minutes ) . 
  i do n't have much patience to wait an hour for a meal . 
  it means they have to live a longer , shittier life while people in northern europe live a shorter , happier life . 
  there 's a reason so many italians moved to the uk - they 'll get fat , die sooner but be happier anyway !, 
  when said source is unashamedly biased in the way it reports things , and when the author 's stance is already perfectly obvious upon reading the first sentence , i think it 's perfectly reasonable - much like right-wingers disregard anything in the guardian due to its political leanings . 
  then again , you voted to leave the eu so i 'd expect you to cling to any piece of positive news as an example that voting to leave the eu was the right choice and that everything is going to be hunky-dory . 
  because the spectator really does n't have an axe to grind , does it ? 
  regional devolution is tricky in england because , unlike in scotland , there is no ` south east of england ' culture or identity . 
  yorkshire would be the exception to that - and indeed many tory politicians in yorkshire are actually campaigning for a ` yorkshire ' mayor . 
  i think , if people in the regions of england were made aware that the level of funding they get is n't going to happen without devolution , they 'd warm to the idea more . 
  no - it 's just an example of where ` impartiality ' falls short and is usually just a lame pretence for ` let me spout whatever shit i want ' . 
  the institution of marriage is a man-made construct - like other social norms , it will continue to change . 
  a lot of people will find this unsettling , but they 'll have to get over it . 
  a lot of people found interracial marriage unsettling , or interracial mixing of any kind - but again , tough titties . 
  also , yes - most cultures are inferior to my own . 
  being homosexual in saudi arabia is punishable by death , women until recently could n't vote or even drive and are basically subservient and inferior to men in absolutely every single way . 
  i think most people in the west - right-wingers more so than anyone else - would agree that their culture is inferior , primitive and backwards . 
  pretending otherwise is disingenuous . 
  i think , if your entire social network is within a particular area , and you have spent your entire life in a particular area , you might be distressed if you are suddenly - against your will - moved somewhere hundreds of miles away , because a bunch of suburban middle-class hipster kids have decided your ex council flat in a dirty area is suddenly desirable because it 's so ` grungy ' and ` indie ' or some other nonsense . 
  maybe have a little sympathy for the ` bums ' you want to evict . 
  even cities like london needs cleaners and nurses ( in reality , these are the people being forced to leave ) . 
  we are talking about same-sex marriage . 
  if your opinion is that it should n't be recognised by the state then i think your opinion is n't deserving of any respect whatsoever . 
  so yes , i 'm fine with that . 
  if the roles were reversed then i 'd be pretty annoyed , because being against same-sex marriage for whatever reason automatically makes you an inferior person , and cultures where homophobia is actively encouraged or at the very least tolerated are certainly inferior to my own in every way ( and is really the only sympathy i have with anti-immigration types - that many of them moving to the west are bringing their backward-ass ideas with them ) . 
  in reality , it 's london and the south east subsidising the rest of the country - most regions of england are not only poorer than the uk average but are also burdens to the state - they get far more back from the state than they put in . 
  the difference between , say , northern england and scotland , is that scotland has a devolved parliament , while northern england does n't . 
  certainly , given the scots enjoy free prescriptions and free university education , i suspect many of us in northern england wish holyrood 's power extended down here as well . 
  they will be - or already are - on the wrong side of history , and will be viewed in the same way as the those who protested against interracial marriage in the 1960s . 
  they probably realise this . 
  we can of course give them equal airtime under the ridiculous pretence of ` impartiality ' but i do n't really see the point . 
  sure . 
  no , i do n't think so - though your posting history suggests you have a habit of posting rubbish , so that could well change in the near future . 
  i presume a lot of people get angry after conversing with you . 
  then in which case , i hope the bbc continue to disregard the law . 
  if this makes you angry , all the better . 
  i really do n't care . 
  this is how impartiality within the bbc worked during the eu referendum debate : person a : the sun revolves around the earth . 
  person b : the earth revolves around the sun . 
  the bbc 's response : your views are both equal in their validity , therefore deserve equal airtime . 
  in reality , this is crap . 
  not all opinions or viewpoints are deserving of respect , or deserving of equal airtime , or indeed any airtime at all - nor are all opinions equally valid . 
  if one person 's opinion is that other people should be denied to live their life a certain way , providing it is not detrimental to anyone , then that opinion is rendered irrelevant . 
  western europeans are fortunate to live in a region of the world where gay people are free to walk the streets without fear of persecution - and i think a lot of us are genuinely quite concerned that things will begin moving in the opposite direction if people like this are given too much attention . 
  i think people like you forget that we are talking about people 's lives - this is more important than fucking impartiality . 
  you can shove it up your stupid fat arse . 
  reminds me of the kind of spite-filled cunts who ca n't afford to live in london so think all poor people in london should be moved hundreds of miles away - because how dare poor people live in london while hard-working people such as angrycitizen on the daily mail website are consigned to surrey and essex . 
  people need to take it upon themselves to come to a decision instead of relying on others to do it for them . 
  if people did that more often , this shithole of a country would n't be in the mess it is now . 
  fuck me , the general public are stupid - and this man is a prime example of that . 
  you fucked your son 's future , you should feel like a moron . 
  be ashamed of yourself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thatcherism privatisation , deregulation , small government , dismantling of the welfare state - pretty much screwing over a future generation of adults . 
  the 1980s had great pop culture but politically it was an utter shitfest . 
  i do n't think any post-war decade in the uk had so much social unrest as the 1980s . 
  i wonder if this entire this is deliberate - say a load of dumb shit and the pound crashes , then say the opposite the next day and the pound rebounds , making things seem less bad . 
  it gave us thatcherism , so . . make of that what you will . 
  thanks for the laugh - people are looking at me funnily now . 
  good music helped distract everyone . 
  poor finns , getting singled out like that . 
  well in any case , europe can not shoulder all of the burden . 
  the 1970s and 1980s really were the golden age of terrorism in the west . 
  i think the big issue here is that merkel 's refugee free-for-all enabled a lot of economic migrants from afghanistan/maghreb/horn of africa to take advantage of the resulting chaos . 
  we are supposed to be helping syrians fleeing a deadly civil war and potential persecution , but instead a majority of refugees in germany were not syrian but from places like afghanistan . 
  british houses are the smallest in europe on average . 
  dutch houses might be small , but british houses are even smaller . 
  we are talking about people , not countries or the politicians who claim to represent them . 
  what a nation state does is not necessarily to the benefit of its people . 
  the only way a population skeptical of immigration can control european immigration , is by leaving the european union , as british voters decided recently . 
  i 'd never except a nationalistic hungarian politician to admit that many people in western europe just might view immigrants from eastern europe in the same way eastern europeans view refugees from syria . 
  no , they 're clearly a superior sort of immigrant . 
  fwiw , i have no issues with eastern european immigrants - i just find it funny that the governments of the ` v4 ' want guarantees that their citizens will be allowed to stay there and will be treated respectfully but show no concern for dirty muslims . 
  now that the uk is not in the eu there is no reason for these people to be given preferential treatment in any way at all . 
  hungary is a big beneficiary of eu funding and a lot of its citizens have taken up residence elsewhere in europe in search of better career prospects - of course they 're not going to leave the eu . 
  they have too much to lose by doing so . 
  they 'll just rant and rave about refugees while hungarians themselves ` overrun ' other communities in europe with little care in the world . 
  same with poles and slovaks . 
  just a bunch of hypocrites who expect western europeans to shun refugees while welcoming eastern european migrants with open arms , even though the reality of the situation is that western europeans do n't want refugees * or * eastern european migrants . 
  it 's funny though - houses in the netherlands and belgium are nowhere near as tiny on average as british houses . 
  even japanese houses are larger than british houses . 
  developers in the uk are just greedy fucks . 
  russian aircraft flying near uk airspace is concerning to the uk - and it 's reasonable to believe that they do it on purpose . 
  there is really no need to explan it . 
  this seems to be a bit of a touchy subject for you . 
  sorry - i meant encroaching * near * uk airspace . 
  most swedes wanted to take in refugees , like most germans . 
  public opinion in sweden has changed since then , and now the ruling social democrats appear to be taking a tougher line on migration . 
  plus russia frequently encroaching on uk airspace and waters . 
  russia is distrusted , and putin is disliked . 
  so the point i 'm making is that the us would n't have to meet 2 % to have a substantial military . 
  you guys could choose to spend much less if you wanted to . 
  2 % is just a random target . 
  put more of that money into social services and other stuff that might benefit your population . 
  the us could decrease its spending below 2 % and still have , by far , the world 's largest military budget . 
  i wish we had a leader who would be willing to keep the uk out of messy foreign entanglements .
