  i thought it was an okay summer , though the past few days have been pretty crap . 
  oh , i see what you 're doing . 
  bangladeshis in particular do very well in gcses , their parents seem to push them very hard to do well . 
  no american food in on our shelves, 
  . . it really is n't . 
   blacks in briton ( ** i have never met a black briton ** ) there you go then . 
  you need to look at the guardian in relation to most other british newspapers and tabloids . 
  at the very least they 're no worse than the telegraph . 
  what interests do black britons have and how do they oppose the interests of white britons ? 
  bearing in mind that i do n't think for a second that the majority of black people in the uk are even remotely interested in this kind of stuff . 
  hey , butthurt americans who are incapable of taking criticism - you do n't have to visit this sub at all . 
  i wish identity politics would fuck off back to the us where it belongs . 
  i 'm not saying it is an argument for multiculturalism at all . 
  i am saying that the recent uptick in crime is not an argument * against * multiculturalism . 
   then change your name to a local one , yeah , i am sick of seeing people in the uk called ` jacques ' and other nonsense !, 
  yeah . . this really does n't fit the narrative that london is a multicultural hellhole . 
  it is n't something that needs to change . 
  european nations regularly top quality of life indexes regardless of their income being lower than in the us . 
  why ? 
  because there are other things that make a difference to quality of life than how much you have in your bank account . 
   catalan independentist . 
  fake terms . 
  madrid has a higher gdp per capita than barcelona , and barcelona is poorer than edinburgh . 
  far-left retards . 
  catalan nationalists ' argument for independence : ` fuck spain !!!!! ', 
  catalonia is like scotland , only more annoying . 
  i prefer france anyway . 
  agreed . 
  remove nukes from the equation an nobody would take any notice of russia . 
  in fact , they would have probably been invaded by the us years ago in that scenario . 
  i 'd bet good money on the humidity being lower than that . 
  45c and 80 % humidity ? 
  i doubt that ever happens . 
  maybe in some places along the arabian gulf , but definitely not in europe or the us . 
  yeah , we moan about how crap our weather is but i 'm thankful we do n't have the heat italy and eastern europe have . 
  it has n't been working though . 
  this is their final ammo - if this does n't work then absolutely nothing will . 
  it 's desperate because the tories are running out of ammo . 
  their usually tactics are n't working . 
   they just did . 
  if the tories are rambling about how awfully communist jeremy corbyn is since such a long time , it 's because it works . 
  as far as i know , jeremy corbyn still is n't prime minister . 
  it did n't work , because the tories lost their majority and would likely lose power all together should another election be held soon . 
  it 's a technical win but a failure on their part to secure their majority , let alone increase it , when faced with an ira-sympathising socialist , is pretty damning . 
   it 's not an argument aimed at corbyn 's traditional votes . 
  it 's an argument aimed at everyone from the centre-left to the right . 
  that 's the fucking point - people do n't give a shit . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm not a big fan of corybn , nor would he be my first choice as party leader - but the right are getting ridiculously desperate recently . 
  they fixated tirelessly on the ira during the election campaign , now it 's venezuela . 
  what else ? 
  the right are pushing this venezuela thing really hard in the uk , like they did with corybn 's supposed ira connections , but what they do n't realise is that the only people likely to care are people who wo n't ever vote for corybn anyway . 
  if it was that big of a deal then it would have made a bigger difference to the election outcome . 
  venezuela is a basket case but i am truly sick of hearing about it . 
  macron is more socially liberal than fillon , but i 'd probably agree that they 're not too different economically . 
  still , if he is able to lower unemployment and make france more competitive than it currently is , that 's got to be a good thing . 
  terrifying . 
  i grew up near a flight path and always had nightmares like this . 
  so i can enjoy looking at it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  at least have a decent body . . and those feet are nasty . 
  so we can conclude that leavers are more fanatical than remainers . 
  i 've only been to barcelona once , but i guess i wo n't be going again anytime soon if they hate tourists this much . 
  who cares ? 
  i replied to this point elsewhere . 
  46 % for young people who voted leave . 
  bearing in mind that less than 30 % of young people voted leave . 
  and no , i 'm not . 
  nothing in my post suggested that . 
  i do n't , however , support referendums - regardless of the outcome . 
  far too divisive and the consequences too long-lasting . 
  if the uk had a proportional system then the tories would have fewer seats than they have now . 
  certainly beats the current shambles , of course . 
  so basically the kind of woolly-headed nonsense that right-wingers usually accuse left-wingers of ? 
  just need some of that dunkirk spirit , huh ? 
   whereas 46 % of 18-24 year old leave voters say significant damage to the economy is a price worth paying for brexit , this figure increases with every subsequent age group to 71 % of 65 + year old leave voters . 
  likewise , when the cost of brexit would be themselves or members of their family losing their job , the proportion willing to pay that price rose each age group from 25 % of 18-24 year old leave voters to 50 % of 65 + year old leave voters . 
  the wisdom of old age , laid bare . 
  i only mention it because most people are concerned about the personal rate of tax because it impacts them more . 
  for example , i 'd be happy with swedish or danish-level taxation in the uk but that is pretty much a no-go here , and any party that promised to increase taxes to their level would probably be crucified . 
  denmark and sweden still have very high tax burdens though . 
  agreed . 
  i know plenty of people on wages even lower than that you go on holiday at least once a year . 
  one of my friends who works at sainsbury 's is going to cancun later in august . 
  because in most countries i believe 16 is the age at when people can start working full-time . 
  in the uk , labour market statistics only include 16-64 year olds . 
  the point is that both cities are in countries with a heightened terror risk similar to france . 
  the uk terror risk for example has been severe for more or less the past 5 years , including during the 2012 games . 
  well , let 's not exaggerate - it would n't be any worse than hosting the olympics in london or berlin . 
  comparisons to beirut in 1988 are n't really warranted . 
  brexit was n't that big of a factor tbh , although may is indeed awful . 
  much of the reason behind labour 's ( relative ) success this year was down to a number of things - brexit might have been one of those things but just as important if not more so were a lot of people getting tired of austerity and spending cuts . 
  for people in work as well , real incomes are no higher now than in 2003 while for pensioners they are noticeably higher , so there is a feeling of injustice there . 
  there is only so long you can bang on about gdp growth , unemployment and reducing the deficit , if people on the ground just are n't feeling the benefit due to static or falling wages . 
   if you 're opposed to neoliberalism , the political establishment and especially immigration , why would you vote spd ? 
  you would n't vote cdu either . 
   than people remembered it 's still the sdp even with schultz . 
  this implies that there is something innately wrong with the spd . 
  i 'm not familiar with german politics - what about them puts people off ? 
  do they have bad politicians ? 
  unpopular policies ?
