  yeah , those swedes deserved it !, 
  dumbasses !, 
  more people will probably die though . 
  i hope not many more . 
  time to up the ante : free baguettes for everyone !, 
   easy to see who committed the attack and corporate media will do everything they can to hide the identity . 
  really - i must have missed when they did that after the attacks in paris , berlin and london . 
  we certainly have no idea who committed those attacks , thanks to the ` corporate media ' . 
  it will forever be a mystery . 
  itt : people who think they 're funny/edgy by posting jokes about people dying . 
  sure , but finland has sent a lot of jihadists to syria , relative to its population . 
  the risk is probably lower than in sweden or germany , but it 's a risk that still exists and there is no room for complacency . 
  it could be helsinki , copenhagen or oslo next time . 
  i did n't say grenades are n't * an * issue in sweden . 
  i said that grenade attacks in sweden are not terrorism related , and do n't involve random bystanders . 
  yes , the same is true in the us - guns are a problem , but they do not typically involve random bystanders . 
  yes , they are a gun problem . 
  they are not , however , a terrorist problem , because the people are not terrorists , nor are they generally going after completely random people on the street . 
  are you being intentionally stupid ? 
  does n't really solve their problem of being outside the eu/single market though . 
  it is n't a common occurrence in any european city . 
  in fact , the vast majority of european cities have never had such an incident . 
  but are not aimed at random people . 
  they are gang warfare . 
  still bad , but a different problem entirely . 
  it can happen to any country with a muslim population . 
  all it takes is one nutter . 
  yes , it could even happen in finland . 
  not this shit again . 
  as long as there is no risk of a war between the west and russia , yes . 
  it is not america 's job to police the world . 
  americans have no duty or obligations to act . 
  yes , that one . 
  i 'm not defending russia 's role in the middle east . 
  i simply do n't want western nations to be in direct conflict with them , and i am concerned that this strike could lead to others , or worse . 
  we do n't have a great record in recent years of intervening in that region . 
  i see no reason why this will be any different , except now russia is heavily involved as well . 
  i 'm not too concerned about this strike in isolation . 
  i am concerned about what might happen next , and i have absolutely no faith in trump 's ability to take a measured approach to this issue . 
  it 's like the french foreign minister said about blood rushing to his dead , acting on impulse . 
  look , this is why many countries - including many western countries - think the us is a bigger risk to global peace than russia . 
  i do not care . 
  as much as i think chemical attacks are horrendous , i certainly do n't believe it 's worth risking a military confrontation with russia . 
  selfish as i may be , i 'm more concerned about my life and my family 's life , than the life of people i do not know , in a country i have no connections to , and i do n't want any kind of conflict where people here are in danger . 
  meanwhile the uk is like ` we support u hun xx ' . 
  although boris johnson recently said a un resolution should be passed before any kind of action takes place , so it 's nice to know that our morons are not so trigger happy . 
  you guys really will go to great lengths to abdicate yourself of any and all responsibility , huh ? 
  even though it does n't save money , so it essentially boils down to ` kill this person so we feel better about ourselves ' . 
  ca n't shy away from the truth just because it upsets the fragile egos of stupid people . 
  i 'm not a diplomat so i have no interest in playing nice with people i have no respect for . 
  i 'll save that for politicians and mps who have to pretend to care what their constituents think . 
  when these nutters stop wanting to do stupid shit that benefits bobody , we will stop condescending them . 
  they 're like children though , and need guidance . 
  they are clearly incapable of making big decisions . 
  good . 
  kick the fuckers out . 
  i have not , and i will not . 
  i thought as much . 
  you do n't need the sun or the daily express to do that , my little friend . 
  their viewpoints are pretty much the same as the telegraph , but tailored to a poorly educated demographic ( the kind of demographic unlikely to be found on reddit ) . 
  we can do without them . 
  reddit is serious business , huh ? 
  yes , he is perfectly free to do that . 
  well done for noticing . 
  what he said was obvious to everyone . 
  what i said was n't . 
  this is because everything i say makes perfect sense . 
  again , this is obvious . 
   i 'm not whinging , i 'm actually appalled . 
  you need to get a life then . 
  being ` appalled ' by something on reddit is very silly . 
  if you do n't like how this sub operates , why do n't you go somewhere else ? 
  are you a glutton for punishment or something ? 
  plenty of differing viewpoints are put forward on this sub . 
  the sun and the express being banned does n't prohibit that at all . 
  the telegraph is also a right-wing newspaper , but is allowed . 
  i do n't think it 's obvious to everyone . 
  he 'd have a point if anyone claimed otherwise - but he 's just stating the obvious for no reason . 
  i 'm sure leaders in spain and the rest of the eu are so upset by this mean headline , especially when it is coming from such a highly-regarded publication !, 
  right - and the moderators are free to ignore him . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  this is reddit . 
  any sub can ban what they want . 
  go cry somewhere else you whinging baby . 
   honestly , what more can labour voters do other than switch parties or abstain if corbyn refuses to step down ? 
  i suspect many us will vote for the liberal democrats instead - you can see that happening in london and i suspect it will happen in a few other remain areas like manchester , bristol and other large cities . 
  they probably wo n't gain many more seats than they currently have , but if you 're centre-left like myself , you 'll never vote for the tories . 
  there is simply nothing about them that i find appealing , and i certainly ca n't bring myself to vote for them just because they 're not labour . 
  if push came to shove and it was only a choice between labour and the tories , i 'd still vote for labour - if only because a lot of labour mps are good people , and since jc has no chance of winning anyway it 's not like it will make a difference . 
  at this point , the tories are popular simply because labour are worse . 
  if labour find a good leader then they could walk into power pretty easily . 
  problem is , they have n't had one since blair . 
  it is n't majority foreign born . 
  yeah . 
  english was spoken in scotland before many parts of england . 
  it 's more germanic than anything . 
   they need to be less skeptical of immigration . 
  they need fresh blood . 
  most of these regions , in eastern germany too , are over-aged . 
  it does n't even need to be phd candidates .
