  crappy projections . 
  years in schooling . 
  its gdp per capita is the lowest in the nordic countries as well , though around the same as germany + higher than the uk . 
  so yeah , the years in schooling is probably the one that has the biggest impact for finland . 
  yeah but look at the results you get . 
  way better than us . 
  how am i supposed to know ? 
  dunno , but those are the only three things taken into consideration . 
  each country has a specific report i believe so you can check it out . 
  uh , okay then . 
  i was just giving a reason as to why the us probably does n't rank higher than it does . 
   the fact that terrorists attack have increased in the last 12 months proves my point . 
  your point appears to be that since ordinary people are ` drawing cute pictures ' and changing their profile pictures on social media , it is proof that nothing is being done to tackle the problem . 
  you , sir , are an idiot . 
  i told you what page to go to - specifically . 
  when you open it up , you can even enter the page number at the top and it will take you directly to it . 
  you are now being obtuse for the sake of it . 
  are you thick ? 
  click on the pdf i linked to in an earlier post . 
  it is right there in front of you . 
  yes , people drawing cute pictures means actual problems are just being ignored - because two things can not occur simultaneously . 
  your logic is sound . 
  homelessness fell to its lowest level on record in 2009 , under labour . 
  it rose to its highest level on record in 1991 , under the tories . 
  there is nothing else to it . 
  labour did a far better job at reducing homelessness than any conservative government . 
  the sooner you accept this , the better , as i 'm getting rather bored of this conversation . 
  it shows that homelessness fell to its lowest level on record in 2009 before rising again , and is continuing to rise now . 
  if the tories are unable to reduce poverty over the next few years then they have objectively failed on homelessness . 
  proof has been provided already . 
  you are choosing to ignore it . 
  so what labour policies specifically led to a rise between 1997 and 2004 but a significant decrease for the years after that ? 
  i did n't say that , did i ? 
  i thought homelessness rose unde major , but it did n't . 
  therefore , i 'm not sure what contributed to the rise between 1997 and 2004 . 
  i only mentioned thatcher because i got the two confused . 
  actually , i remembered incorrectly . 
  it rose significantly under thatcher , not major . 
  http://www.crisis.org.uk/data/files/publications/homelessness_monitor_england_2016_final_ ( v12 ) . pdf go to page 33 . 
  it was rising before then under major . 
  the rising homelessness under the early years of blair was simply an after-effect of whatever happened before . 
  in fairness , you can also argue that homeless rising now is also an after-effect of the financial crisis . 
  not so much ` tories bad , labour good ' , more ` labour better in some areas , tories better in others ' . 
  do n't be so dogmatic . 
  what policies have the tories introduced to reduce homelessness , out of interest ? 
  yes - the effects of their policies to reduce homelessness did n't take effect until around then . 
  it reduced significantly every year until 2009/10 . 
  they have the fourth highest life expectancy in the world . 
  i 'm guessing that alone is a big factor . 
  gdp per capita is pretty high too . 
  the us scores well on gdp per capita and years in schooling but has the lowest life expectancy in the developed world . 
  criteria is years in schooling + healthy life expectancy + gdp per capita . 
  russia and italy must have improved in one or more of those . 
  worth bearing in mind that this is just expected years in schooling + healthy life expectancy + gdp per capita . 
  that is literally it . 
  it 's one reason why finland does a lot worse than you 'd expect it to , even though it scores in the top 10 on pretty much every other quality of life survey . 
  get over it , snowflake . 
  homelessness was falling significantly in the uk as well - until the tories came to power . 
  now it 's rising again . 
  get over it , snowflake . 
  get over it , snowflake . 
  the roma beggars went to sweden and norway instead . 
  because it is n't related to brexit . 
  they 're the words of winnie ewing in 1967 . 
  that year went by seriously fast . . 
  i posted more-or-less the same comment on / r/mapporn and it got upvoted , lol . 
  interesting . 
  swedes are good people . 
  this is also an excellent point . 
  one of the reasons why parties like ukip ca n't really break into scotland . 
  does n't mean it 's going to happen this time - and does n't mean it will work in le pen 's favour . 
  you are so eager to push this narrative . 
  you people are fucking stupid . 
  thought it was 30 in the uk now . 
  things that happened 30 years ago continue to effect uk domestic policy . 
  does n't mean it 's recent . 
  9/11 is now nearly 16 years ago . 
  when i talk about recent years , i do n't include 2001 . 
  9/11 will continue to influence western foreign policy for a long , long time . 
  it 's the kind of event that changes things for good , not just for a little while . 
  at what point does 9/11 cease to be an event of recent years ? 
  30 years ? 
  french polls are not british polls . 
  you ca n't apply the mistakes of pollsters here to the ones in france . 
  you can not just take things from here and apply them in france , full stop . 
  1 ) they probably disagree very strongly with her rhetoric against immigration , and maybe think the party ca n't be trusted on other social issues , and 2 ) they probably realise the other two candidates have no chance of making it to the second round . 
  but like i said , i do n't live there . 
  this is just a guess . 
  did n't say he was , just that he 's probably preferable to socialists over le pen and fillon . 
  okay . 
  and ? 
  i mean in recent years . 
  germany , france and belgium have had attacks in the past few years . 
  no other european countries have . 
  although i suppose it depends on how you define terrorism . 
  why does terrorism spare austria ? 
  why does terrorism spare the netherlands ? 
  why does terrorism spare spain ? 
  why does terrorism spare sweden ? 
  why does terrorism spare norway ?
