  what do you mean no upkeep of houses ? 
  in the area i live in , all of the houses look perfectly fine ? 
   yeah but the wages are shite too . 
  not really - there are a lot of well-paying financial and law jobs in cities like leeds and manchester , and rents are significantly lower than london . 
  you can live a good life up here . 
  people just do n't give it a chance because they 're so obsessed with london . 
   i 'm amazed by the ' 80 - '90s quality of living in the uk . 
  so you 're suggesting that the quality of life in the uk is 20-30 years behind continental europe ? 
  a lot less likely for sure . 
  snp do n't have much of a mandate to for independence . 
  yup . 
  labour gains largely in southern england , tory gains largely in scotland + 3 or 4 in the midlands . 
  labour held workington . 
  our governments are decided by the number of seats each party wins . 
  a certain number of seats are needed to form a majority . 
  if no party reaches that limit , there is a hung parliament . 
  a party can try to form a minority government , or a coalition can be formed ( as in 2010 ) . 
  headline should be ` cons predicted to lose majority ' . 
  yes but ukip are n't racist enough . 
  yes it does . 
  i drew the bnp on the ballot paper and put a cross next to them . 
  not sure if that counts though . 
   why is it so hard for left-wing people do realise that people who disagree with them are not evil , stupid or brainwashed ? 
  there 's a real problem with the left today . 
  i think it 's interesting to get an outsider 's perspective though . 
  the tories , in my experience , tend to look pretty loony to people from abroad . 
  save us . 
  take me france . 
  i love you macron . 
  brexit is everything now , apparently . 
  the maybot must have malfunctioned . 
  dump ; too many brits . 
  oh of course , such an easy and obvious solution . 
  tell may quickly . 
  uh , he is talking about repatriating all immigrants from the middle east , whether they are jihadists or not . 
  really ? 
  i thought she was in her 50s . 
  she is n't an attractive woman but i do n't think she looks old for her age . 
  macron 's wife has evidently had surgery and looks kind of scary . 
  you ca n't force citizens of your own country to leave against their will * . 
  it 's a non-starter , and is never going to happen . 
  you 'll have to think of some other suggestions instead . 
  * well , unless they are extradited for a crime or something , but that depends on extradition treaties , such as the one existing between the uk and us . 
  no government is going to force british citizens to leave if they do n't want to . 
  i have no idea why people keep on suggesting these stupid things . 
  this fucking country . 
  money trumps hate dude !, 
  indians can come over here to work though , there are nearly 1 million of them . 
  if they stepped foot in poland , they would get attacked probably for being brown . 
  we just had the warmest spring on record , with talks of drought , but currently it 's quite cool and wet , which is not normal for the time of year . 
  in fact , the weather today is more like november . 
  some people , even from the uk , would have you believe that the current unsettled weather is just normal , but it definitely is n't . 
  most of the uk where people actually live is n't rainy though , the eastern half of england is actually very dry , and during summer it 's actually normal for the grass to turn brown and yellow . 
  the idea that it 's raining all the time is stupid , and only applies to the lake district and maybe manchester . 
  this is 2017 mate . 
  stop looking at the past , and accept your current reality - eastern europeans are hated by everyone , even themselves !, 
  climate change in the uk can be summed up like this - our summers wo n't get much warmer , if at all . 
  our winters will get much milder , but also much wetter and cloudier , with more flooding . 
  what a fucking joy . 
  a decade ago , we all thought climate change would give the uk a better climate with hotter , drier summers . 
  how things change . 
  aw , poor baby . 
  now you know how our non-white immigrants feel having to put up with racist eastern europeans harassing them . 
  you mean a bunch of window cleaners and factory workers ? 
  yeah i do n't really care mate . 
  get them out of here . 
  another thing that pisses me off about eastern europeans - you think we should be grateful to have you and react in horror when you discover that in fact you are viewed in the exact same light a those ` pakis ' you evidently despise . 
  a lot of minorities in the uk like indians voted to leave the eu because they receive racial abuse from eastern europeans . 
  yes , that 's why we left . 
  yes , it shows what happens when your country has freedom of movement with countries people are desperate to leave , they all come flooding in !, 
  we learnt our lesson now though . 
  no more please . 
  yeah , but eastern european alcoholics come here to * live * !, 
  you can find them hanging around on street corners during the day shouting abuse at people . 
  it was always a mistake allowing these central and eastern european countries join the eu . 
  all that happened is countries like the uk were flooded by alcoholics and gypsies . 
  rip man i have never heard of . 
  really epitomises a section of society that i absolutely despise . 
  there have been countless terror attacks foiled in the uk over the past 5 years . 
  i do n't think you 're giving our guys enough credit . 
  not sure what that means . 
  i 'm not saying the two are directly comparable . 
  i am saying that terrorism is well-rooted within london 's modern history . 
  that is simply a fact . 
  better safe than sorry . 
   olice down in aus have muslim communities under seriously heavy watch this is rather vague . 
  in what way are australia 's muslim communities under heavy watch ? 
  there are tens of thousands of people in the uk being watched . 
  ca n't stop them all unfortunately . 
  london was regularly targeted during the ira 's bombing campaign , when islamic terrorism was unknown in the west . 
  london has probably endured hundreds of individual terrorist incidents over the past 50 years . 
  terrorism is absolutely nothing new here . 
  you morons from abroad need to stop talking about the uk as if you understand anything about our country and its history with terrorism . 
  what ? 
  i 'm just saying that le pen did n't win because she sucked . 
  she had so much in her favour but still could n't convince even a small majority to back her . 
  people voted for macron because they do n't trust le pen , it 's that simple . 
  do n't get mad at people voting for macron , get mad at the fact that no sensible politicians are proposing sensible immigration policies . 
  only wackos like le pen and wilders are doing so , and most people do n't trust them to run anything . 
   again , switzerland and iceland does n't seem to have the same problem 5 % of switzerland 's population is muslim , same as the uk .
