  because the uk is being inundated with refugees , right ? 
  oh , wrong - it is n't . 
  we have some of the strictest border controls in europe . 
  if you know nothing about the uk then i would suggest fucking off you lump of dog shit . 
  because the uk has not allowed in millions of unvetted people - that is obviously a reference to the refugee crisis which hardly affected the uk at all . 
  the uk does indeed have many muslims , but that is n't going to change unless you force millions of british nationals to go somewhere else . 
  most of these attacks are carried out by young men . 
  the first wave of muslim immigration began in the 1960s and 1970s , but these people are n't the ones blowing themselves up . 
  it 's their kids . 
  the people who arrived here in the 20th century from pakistan and bangladesh are n't / were n't the ones blowing people up . 
  applications . 
  the uk will receive thousands of applications for asylum every single year . 
  not all of them are accepted , not all of them are from muslim countries . 
  okay , so what do you think the uk government should do now ? 
  it 's fine saying ` do something ' but you really need to specify what you think should be done . 
  acting without a plan is never good . 
   this is what happens when you let millions of unvetted people who do n't share the same values . 
  namely , islam . 
  and how does this apply to the uk , a country that has taken in roughly 6,000 refugees from middle eastern camps since 2015 ( all of them syrian ) ? 
  answer : it does n't , because the uk never received an influx of refugees when the crisis began - partly because we refused , and partly because we have water that makes it a bit hard to reach here easily . 
  this will almost certainly be another uk-born islamic terrorist who is probably the son of muslim parents who arrived here 30 or 40 years ago . 
  we should n't be complacent , but the uk is probably the best country in europe in terms of intelligence , god knows how many potential attacks have been foiled over the past few years . 
  i suppose it was inevitable that one would eventually fall through the cracks . 
  our own intelligence agencies admitted that it was simply a matter of when , not if , the uk suffered as well . 
  people are going to go about their lives normally , just like they have done after every other terrorist attack in this country ( omagh in 1998 and london in 2005 spring to mind ) . 
  i 'm sorry if that upsets you . 
  thank goodness you 're here as the sole voice of reason , huh ? 
  what we we do without you ? 
  you know that the uk takes in like 4,000 refugees a year , entirely from camps in the middle east and pretty much only families and not unaccompanied minors or single young men ? 
  you also know that the uk introduced an income limit of # 35,000 for non-eu immigrants ? 
  the uk is a very hard country to move to unless you 're an eu citizen . 
  prey tell , what the fuck do you want the uk to do ? 
  this is n't fucking sweden , we did n't open our borders to 160,000 refugees . 
  that is n't the fucking issue here . 
  yeah . 
  i would say that this is the kind of incident that everyone was expecting sooner or later , including mi5 who have warned it was ` when not if ' . 
  certainly this is much more significant than the incident in london last month . 
  19 people confirmed dead . 
  manchester has been bombed before but this is unbelievable . 
  i feel sick . 
  a number of different reports circulating . 
  my advice is to wait for official reports from reliable sources like greater manchester police . 
  i do n't think it 's officially confirmed but it 's looking increasingly like that 's the case . 
  exactly . 
  death is always sad , but terrorism is obviously intentional and that will understandably scare people . 
  not yet . 
  there are pictures of injured people on twitter . 
  most of the injuries seem to be below the waist . 
  i never claimed otherwise , but thank you for stating the obvious . 
  more recent polls have shown a more substantial drop , by as much as 5 percent , so we are now moving out of ` margin of error ' territory . 
  how does this even happen ? 
  i do n't want it to happen so do n't worry i 'm not counting on it . 
  if this ever happened then surely that would push sweden out of the eu given the euro is very unpopular there . 
  do european royals also enjoy pizza by any chance ? 
  their support has declined slightly , by 1-2 percentage points , according to the two most recent opinion polls . 
  wtf !, 
  the uk is n't at any risk of food shortages , it 's a non-argument from the onset . 
  they 're all brown and speak a foreign language tho . 
  xddddddddddddddddd, 
   in short it was the manner of how they went about campaigning with the tories that pretty much politically killed them up here i do n't think the short answer will suffice . 
  like i said , some of the more liberal areas might be doable since they tend to be closer to europe in terms of values . 
  the uk is doing just fine now . 
   they 've been almost wiped out thanks to them campaigning with the tories against scottish independence which is kind of retarded , because labour are obviously not going to campaign for the dissolution of the union . 
  the situation in scotland confuses me . 
  it still do n't fully understand why labour are doing so badly there even in relation to england and wales . 
  even the tories are out-polling labour in scotland and i always thought the scots loathed the tories ( having a tory government they did n't vote for was always an argument for scottish independence , for example , but obviously voting for the snp made that a little more likely since labour lost a huge chunk of its seats ) . 
  he is trolling . 
   i demand a simplistic explanation . 
  bernie is not macron or vice versa . 
   or perhaps the uk has one of the higher fertility rates in europe how much of that is down to immigrants though ? 
  nearly 30 % of all births in england and wales are to mothers born abroad . 
  by contrast , around 13 % of our population was born abroad . 
  and nevertheless , our fertility rate , while higher than some other countries , is still below the replacement level , so we are hardly in a position to be complacent . 
  i think , deep down inside , the tories know that reducing immigration significantly is not at all in the national interest , but they 're so desperate for ukip votes they 'll do and say anything . 
  i 'm just hoping that they 're going to do what they have done for the past 7 years and not stick to their targets at all ( the fact that there is no timescale for reduction is telling imo ) . 
  well , yes - each to their own and all that . 
  i definitely would not want to live in the us for any amount of money . 
  well , maybe i 'd live somewhere like california or massachusetts . 
  why are you so obsessed with mena immigration ? 
  the article is about the uk , not sweden . 
  we receive little in the way of immigration from mena countries . 
  there was a time when i did n't have either . 
  i could n't open a bank account at any of the major banks so had to open one with my local credit union instead . 
  obviously i could not buy alcohol or anything else that required id . 
  i was on jsa by the way , and money was very tight . 
  17 % of uk citizens claim they do not have a passport . 
  34 % of females and 27 % of males over 17 do n't have a license . 
  as the op mentions , there are currently no issues with the current system . 
  no scandals involving voter fraud . 
  you 're trying to fix a problem that does n't exist and you will definitely be stopping some people from voting in the process . 
  of course immigrants will still move to the uk , but our leaders are trying hard to stop them . 
  they might even succeed . 
  most of those people are from the uk and us , and yes on most metrics your country is much better than mine . 
  no country is a utopia , but some are objectively better than others . 
  yes they will . 
  the government is going out of their way to make it undesirable for companies to hire foreign workers . 
  this is clearly stated in their manifesto . 
  they want to reduce immigration to the tens of thousands , and it 's irrelevant to them whether the immigrants are highly educated or not . 
  fuck me , can you never admit that the uk government is sometimes at fault , or do you have to defend them constantly like some mindless drone ? 
  do n't worry , highly educated foreign workers will be deterred from moving here soon enough .
