  the people celebrating her death are happy she died because the person who killed her was a white supremacist piece of shit so in their minds it was for a good cause . 
  stop excusing these people for fuck 's sake . 
  the daily mail recently had a story saying that the man who killed her might have just been angry because the council were trying to move him out of his house - as if that 's justification for slaying a woman in broad daylight . 
  this is not on at all , and i am getting sick of hearing it . 
   if people get raped , robbed , and beaten for having things sans the raped part , this is exactly what happened a lot in east london in the 1980s and 1990s , and most other major cities in the uk . 
  it was really common to hear of people getting beat up , mugged , robbed , whatever . 
  homelessness was a major issue with people sleeping in doorways everywhere . 
  boroughs like hackney and tower hamlets were in the top 5 most deprived in england at the turn of the century but neither are in the top 20 anymore because yuppies and hipsters moved in . 
  they are still racially diverse though - tower hamlets is 32 % bangladeshi , for example . 
  house prices in tower hamlets are rising by something stupid like 20 % a year . 
  it was often touted as a ` bargain ' , being cheaper than other inner london boroughs , but that is no longer the case and you 're looking at paying well over # 1,000 a month for a modest 1-bed flat in areas like bethnal green/whitechapel/bow . 
  totally unthinkable a decade ago . 
  i do n't think there is a single place in inner london that is n't either gentrified or going through the process of gentrifying . 
  i think the geographic location of certain minorities in london helps prevent the kind of no-go zones you find in other cities . 
  boroughs like tower hamlets are still relatively deprived but the area has good schools and close proximity to the major business districts of the city and canary wharf . 
  complete contrast to the socially and economically excluded banlieues of paris . 
   first of all , very few times in history has labour actually required scottish mps to hold it 's majority , i believe it 's only happened once or twice . 
  they would have won in 1997 , 2001 and 2005 , but they were all comfortable labour wins . 
  if they had only won those elections by 10 seats or something then it would be different . 
  full-on privatisation of the nhs would make people extremely angry . 
  not owning a home is something a lot of people simply accept . 
  the two are not the same - certainly for me , i could n't care less about owning a home and i value the nhs a lot more . 
  i presume the people ` crying like a bunch of babies ' are the ones who voted . 
  those who did n't vote probably do n't care much one way or the other . 
  around 65 % iirc . 
  the 35 % figure was simply an extrapolation from the general election turnout , which is why it was debunked . 
  nobody knows the real figure . 
  ` donkey ' , ` rabbit ' , lol . 
  this country would be significantly worse off if 29 % of young people actually did leave . 
  you really do n't want that . 
  it 's funny that a lot of scots complained about having tory rule imposed on them but now vote for the snp effectively damning the uk to perpetual tory rule . 
  a lot of them also complained that new labour were essentially the tories but still wo n't vote for labour even in its more left-wing form . 
  if i was a left-wing scot , i 'd certainly start voting for labour again , just to get the tories out , but i suspect that wo n't happen . 
  we really are all in this together - in the shit , that is . 
  which is bad news for democracy in the uk if we essentially become a one-party state . 
  even if half of people decided to vote for labour , the fptp system would still penalise them unless they won most of scotland back , and i do n't see people in england supporting labour if they proposed a coalition with the snp ( the very thought of that seemed to cause outrage in 2015 ) . 
  that 's fine . 
  and yes , the political situation here is extremely dire . 
  like i said elsewhere , there is a serious dearth of talent in british politics . 
  how a lightweight like may got to be prime minister is beyond me , it really is . 
  uh , yeah - i 'm not slagging off australia . 
  i am simply outlining my reasons for not wanting to move there - or more , my reasons for wanting to stay in europe as i have no strong feelings towards australia one way or the other . 
  you do n't need to take it as an affront that some people do n't love it or do n't want to risk life and limb to move there . 
  to each their own . 
  if you love australia then that 's all that matters , no need to convince me of anything . 
  i doubt australia will miss my presence . 
  yeah i have no doubt you and many others are happy there - but i think years of having australia shoved down my throat by countless tv shows portraying it to be paradise on earth while making the uk look like a dreary chav-invested shithole have made me not want to consider it . 
  combine that with smug british expats who do nothing but slag off the uk on internet forum and online newspapers . . there 's a lot about the uk i dislike but there is honestly nothing more i hate than seeing british expats trash the uk every chance they get . 
  really winds me up . 
  plus there 's the fact that i do n't care about beaches and i absolutely hate hot weather so there 's nothing about either of those things that is alluring to me , and i do n't place more emphasis on high wages and have no desire to earn loads . 
  i do n't see myself leaving europe at all . 
  i want a city that is historic and beautiful with a variety of cultures and has four seasons , while being in close proximity to other interesting places and countries with limited travel restriction . 
  cleanliness and public transport are important as well as i have no desire to drive or learning how to drive . 
  this is why europe , for me , is the best continent on earth - and i wo n't consider anywhere else . 
  so many interesting places , all within easy reach of one another . 
  live in paris , travel to london , brussels or berlin on train - no problem at all . 
  live in bratislava and pop over to vienna for your shopping - easy as piss . 
  work in helsinki and party in stockholm - fine and dandy . 
  freedom of movement was probably my biggest reason voting to remain and the loss of that would be really very sad for me . 
  i know a lot of people who voted to remain because they liked that aspect while not being convinced of economic armageddon . 
  i thought malmo was morth virgin . 
  you 're not referring to that 35 % figure that was widely debunked , are you ? 
  you 're not very good at it . 
  it 's the generations before that left the uk in large numbers . 
  the uk in the 1980s had a negative net migration rate and a brain drain . 
  people have less reason to leave now . 
  i suspect you do not know what the word ` wrong ' means or how it should be used . 
  nothing i said was claiming anything is true or not . 
  i stated what i prefer , nothing else . 
  canada has beautiful natural scenery , but i 'm not as interested in that as i am the urban environment . 
  i know - i 'm not going to move to any of those places anyway so it 's all hypothetical . 
  i do n't have loyalty to a big chunk of dirt in the ocean , no . 
  only if they are employed in an in-demand sector . 
  otherwise it 's not that easy . 
  as a 21 year old british male who would like to live abroad , if only for a short while , i have very little interest in the new world . 
  i really ca n't think of anything in canada or australia that would attract me there . 
  i 'd probably consider living in the us above both simply because the us has many more interesting places to live , like nyc or san francisco . 
  yes , germany has . 
  other countries already do what the uk could have done but did n't do for whatever reason , just like other countries did n't open the borders to eastern european immigrants in 2004 but the uk did . 
  in fact , articles saying angela merkel might back down on freedom of movement were taken out of context because they were simply referring to measures countries like germany already have in place to prevent abuses of the welfare system . 
  treatree 's hysterical reaction is precisely why your average dolt on the street should not be given a vote on major policy issues - they simply have no fucking clue what they are talking about . 
  these morons are so desperate to believe that everyone relies on us , that we 'll be fine but everyone else will suffer - they are so incredibly dense it 's hardly believable . 
   we 're sick of eu nationals taking advantage of us and we want nothing more to do with you . 
  fuck me , tone down the melodramatics . 
  no , it is n't - but orban is literally a saint in the eyes of certain people * solely * because he does n't want migrants . 
  absolutely nothing else . 
  that is quite literally the only thing they care about . 
  sweden is very innovative , so no surprise . 
  all hail the glorious swedes . 
  please vikings , come plunder our shores again . 
  thought sweden would be 38-100 % , given it is a caliphate . 
   one of sonboly 's classmates said that sonboly had changed his profile picture on the messaging service whatsapp to a photo of norwegian terrorist anders behring breivik . 
  der spiegel reported that according to fellow online video game players , sonboly posted `` turkey = isis '' in a message in 2015 and that he had expressed admiration for germany 's right-wing afd party , and that he was `` very nationalistic , '' repeatedly uttering anti-turkish abuse . 
  the local claimed that `` those who knew him '' said he considered himself part of the aryan race , while the guardian cited accounts from sonboly 's acquaintances who said he boasted about sharing the same birthday as adolf hitler and called it an `` accolade '' . 
  how many times will i need to have this conversation ? 
  people are so desperate to push their agenda , it 's sick . 
  people die and the only thing you care about is proving you were right . 
  after munich when everyone on twitter started posting ' . . and it 's muslims ' memes , assuming it was a terrorist attack in the name of islam , i prefer to just wait until all of the facts are known . 
  this is what sensible people do . 
  the article needs editing - one woman was killed , not people .
