  what point do you think you 're proving by mentioning switzerland , you cockwomble ? 
  though australia 's muslim population is growing pretty fast and currently makes up a little over 2 % of your overall population . 
  how long before you guys are the victims of terror as well ? 
  any western country with a muslim population is at risk . 
  what makes you think you will be excluded ? 
  probably not , it 's extremely hard to get into clubs with fake ids these days , unless you 're going to some dodgy pub that does n't care . 
  people said the same thing during the quebec shooting . 
  proof that these ` laws ' are fucking stupid , like the people repeating them . 
  oh fuck off you silly cunt , this is sky news we 're talking about . 
  murdoch trash . 
  as if they would ever beat around the bush . 
  if you were n't a fucking moron you 'd realise that people did n't vote specifically on one issue . 
  they vote on a variety of issues . 
  a lot of - maybe most - french people might agree with le pen 's stance on certain issues relating to immigration , but they might have disagreed with her very strongly in other areas , or just did n't trust her at all . 
  i 'm going to say something that many people said after the eu vote - do n't blame the people . 
  le pen did n't make her case well enough , and she lost . 
  that is her fucking fault for being a shit politician . 
  the one that is regularly taken out of context by stupid thickos on reddit . 
   the uk has hindus/sikhs/jews / buddhists abandoning the left-wing socialist party i 'm pretty sure these groups have never really favoured labour , because they tend to be economically well-off . 
  not necessarily . 
  as someone else mentioned , these things seem to occur in waves . 
  france had recurrent attacks , though it 's been relatively quiet over there recently . 
  the uk had over a decade of relative security after the 2005 bombings . 
  our security services are pretty damned good at foiling major attacks . 
  though i realise more attacks would definitely be beneficial to you . 
  i actually suspect a lot of people on here would agree with corybn . 
  this ai n't / r/ukpolitics bruv . 
  words can not accurately express how angry i am that the americans elected him . 
  spd now doing way worse than labour , lol . 
  labour definitely wo n't ` cancel ' brexit but they reject the idea of no deal being better than a bad deal . 
  he is unpopular with the wider electorate . 
  not sure . 
  those policies are popular but people have never voted in a party explicitly promising to carry them out . 
  seems like other things are more important . 
  the more liberal wing definitely is n't in control now though . 
  i think if labour had a different leader they could definitely win . 
  corybn has proven himself somewhat during this campaign but he 's still pretty unpopular . 
  people thought the tories were in decline as well at one point . 
  there was even a book called ` the strange death of tory england ' , which of course looks stupid now . 
  politics changes over time . 
  nothing is set in stone . 
  we 're desperate so yes of course . 
   either you fight back or roll with the punches , or both . 
  or quit . 
  i would n't want to work in an environment like that with people who consider such behaviour acceptable . 
  nobody needs to put up with this shit . 
  plus , fighting back is certainly no guarantee that they 'll back off . 
  if anything it 's an invitation for even worse . 
  working class culture in a nutshell . 
  just a bit of bantz , innit ? 
  it 's only may man . 
  july and august are usually the best months . 
  agreed . 
  i have no problem accepting people who are genuinely fleeing persecution . 
  things can only get better !, 
  strong and stable , amirite ? 
  lol, 
  the uk would . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'm not a member of the armed forces . 
  right , but who says the uk government would not help defend its nato allies ? 
  they almost certainly would . 
  london 's a great city though . 
  god knows why this bothers you so much . 
  zac goldsmith might have won as well if he was n't such a monumental bellend whose only argument was ` vote for me because the other guy is a muslim ' . 
  looks like the german people are not interested in defending anyone . 
  defend countries like poland or hungary ? 
  if you 're anything to go by i do n't think we should bother at all . 
  let your tinpot dictators sort their own problems out as and when they occur . 
  i certainly do n't think my country should waste its time defending yours . 
  and they will often be put in detention centres . 
  asylum seekers in the uk are not making fucking bombs . 
  you need to accept that the refugee crisis hardly affected the uk at all . 
  we are not sweden or germany . 
  our terrorists are all british born . 
  do n't know why this post got downvoted . 
  do you expect us to walk around in a state of fear or something ? 
  this sub is full of cunts . 
  for now , yes . 
  certainly now indication how long this will last . 
  islam is heinous , like * all * religion . 
  its very existence encourages violence . 
  they can get rid of isis scum by telling the very same people that their religion is a load of shit . 
  oh fuck off , it is their regressive form of islam that fuels radicalisation in the west . 
  saudi is admittedly much worse . 
  why on earth are you interested in defending these barbaric countries that execute gay people ? 
  i am right . 
  there is no need for a discussion on the subject . 
  good grief man . 
  let it go . 
  this is fucking rich given it is the very ideology their country is based on that is fueling terror attacks in europe . 
  uae , saudi arabia - scum countries . 
  fuck them . 
  semantics . 
  call it a uk terror attack if you want - the meaning is exactly the same . 
  a british terror attack is a terror attack that occurs in the uk . 
  did i really need to explain that to you ? 
  so why post that stupid fucking meme in response to a british terror attack when it is n't even fucking applicable ? 
  they can see what we ca n't . 
  wake up sheeple !,
