  i 've criticised the eastern states heavily for their hypocritical behaviour . 
  i think other people have too . 
  brittany is usually socialist , so i 'm just assuming that a lot of socialists in brittany will vote for macron . 
  not sure though . 
  someone from there can explain better . 
  yes . 
  paris and brittany are clearly the best . 
  i do n't like tea unless it has sugar . 
  i do n't like coffee even with the inclusion of sugar . 
  i do n't drink either . 
  i only drink water . 
  nothing to do with me . 
   you openly wish for a death of a nation and for suffering of its people . 
  settle down . 
  i think the world would be a better place without russia 's existence but that does n't mean i want its people to suffer , however vile and backwards they may be . 
  coffee is absolutely revolting . 
  russia being at liberty of the west is a good thing . 
  russia 's nuclear deterrent being neutered is a good thing . 
  a weak russia is a good thing . 
  in fact , a world without russia would be a good thing . 
  stupid boy . 
  everything bad that ever happens in europe can be blamed on immigration - fact . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i would n't necessarily call them beautiful in the sense that spanish or french cities are beautiful , but definitely not ugly , or shit . 
  manchester , in my opinion , is quite an impressive and vibrant city , with a lot of attractive victorian architecture and an impressive streetscape in general . 
  it probably has some of the finest examples of architecture of that time period of any city in the world . 
  it also apparently has more skyscrapers u/c than paris - there is a serious amount of investment being pumped into that city that has totally transformed the place , and will continue to do so . 
  it 's 10x more interesting than any small town or city , imo . 
  liverpool too - it was a very important trading city during the empire days , and its architecture reflects that . 
  liverpool is noticeably poorer though , and suffers from lack of investment ( which , until recent years , was a serious problem with the uk 's major cities , having experienced industrial decline and slum clearances in the post-war period ) . 
  glasgow , edinburgh and bristol are also very attractive cities . 
  my native leeds is okay - some nice victorian buildings but much less impressive than the other cities i mentioned . 
  probably not worth talking about but it 's a perfectly pleasant city . 
  imo , the ugliest british cities are birmingham , coventry and sheffield , because they were all badly bombed in ww2 and suffered from some pretty horrible post-war planning . 
  seriously , look at pics of coventry before ww2 and after - it 's heartbreaking . 
  it 's the telegraph . 
  like most of the so-called ` quality press ' in the uk it 's really just a pile of shite . 
  both the left and right think the bbc is biased - barely a day passes without someone hysterically shrieking about how awful they are because they are ` liberal luvvies !!!! ', 
  or ` tory mouthpieces !!!, 
  ' , which is a pretty good indication that they 're probably neither . 
  wow , a british city that is n't london on / r/europe . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  my aunt and uncle go to france every year with their caravan . 
  it 's not hard to see why . 
  it 's a beautiful country . 
  summers are very cold . 
  the average high in july is 14c , compared to 30c in milan . 
  milan winters are kind of cold , but the weather in general is much nicer due to warmer summers + more sunshine . 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  you make us all look like twats by constantly bringing up ww2 . 
  we 're starting to get as bad as those insufferable americans who think they single-handedly saved europe . 
  to my fellow brits on here - stop acting like cunts . 
  please . 
  beautiful netherlands . 
   are you not interested in exploring the current political climate and why the uk is at risk of disintegrating ? 
  this assumes most people are particularly concerned about the uk disintegrating . 
  it 'll be next year at this rate !, 
  i do n't think that was a factor . 
  i 'd be okay with that . 
  yeah , that was one of the things leading to the entente cordiale . 
  made more sense for them to cooperate than to be in conflict . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  we just approach patriotism differently to americans . 
  in england specifically , english patriotism was tainted a lot by right-wing neo-nazi groups in the 1980s , as well as football hooliganism ( often one in the same ) . 
  a lot of people became very ashamed of being english . 
  we do n't even celebrate st george 's day . 
  i do n't think there 's much if any shame of being english these days though , but you still get people who react negatively when they see someone 's house with a st. george 's cross hanging out of a window . 
  a couple = 2 , not 9 . 
  well yeah , brexit is the only thing that people know about , generally speaking . 
  compare that to putin who is always in the news for something and pretty much everyone knows who he is . 
  he is essentially synonymous with russia . 
  i see that , but it was n't my intention . 
  britain and france were the leading global powers of the 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  there was the entente cordiale - largely devised to stop both colonial powers from stepping on each other 's toes . 
  1904 best year of my life . 
  exactly . 
  big difference . 
  [ they seem pretty content . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/chancellor-merkels-approval-rating-rises-in-polls-as-parties-stay-close/a-37882442 ), 
  hers and the germans . 
  he 's right , but at the end of the day , merkel is the leader of germany and the germans are content with her . 
  how she runs her country is their business , just like trump can make the us a laughing stock if that 's what americans want . 
  surely they 're used to it ? 
  nick griffin and viktor orban probably share the same beliefs . 
  he probably was a terrorist , but he might have been mentally unstable as well . 
  i mean , you have to be pretty unstable to do what he did . 
  no person in their right mind does that anyway . 
  here 's an interesting example - some guy on a train in bavaria stabbed someone and shouted ` allahu akbar ' , but he was n't deemed a terrorist because he was mentally ill and was sanctioned instead of imprisoned , and had no links to islamic organisations . 
  it is n't always black and white . 
  theresa may is relatively new as a leader so i suspect a lot of people do n't know enough about her to have an opinion . 
  plus , i suspect what happens in the uk is n't exactly big news in austria , whereas their relation to germany is like finland 's relation to sweden - they 're like a big brothers . 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  the eu does n't want turkey to allow refugees to go to europe , but at the same time they do n't want to appear too soft or complacent regarding turkey . 
  they are clearly behaving in a rather inexcusable manner . 
  it 's a fine balance to strike . 
  more people view trump negatively than assad . 
  that is too good . 
  orban is probably looking to emulate erdogan in the future . 
  they seem like similar people . 
  that 's an interesting interpretation of my comment .
