i 'd say they assimilated rather well , they retain the cultures of their homeland and are fiercely proud of that , but do not isolate themselves or only mix with ` their kind ' and are actively involved in their community ( it 's racially diverse but not culturally segregated ) . 
  they are christian , as are most jamaicans , so i suspect it 's easier for them to assimilate than it is for muslims who are culturally more ` alien ' to us . 
  like a lot of immigrants arriving here in the 1960s , they faced a lot of racism , or even attacks such as bricks through windows and the like , but they do n't view england in a worse light because of it because most english people are not racist ( even if they are skeptical of ` mass immigration ) . 
  my father is black but my mother is white , so i 'm mixed race . 
  i 'm also atheist and gay so there are no problems with me ` assimilating ' , given i was raised in a non-religious culturally british working class household . 
  i have never thought of myself as anything other than british , and in my experience descendants of immigrants living in the uk are more likely to say they are british than the british themselves . 
  that is certainly interesting - those on lower incomes actually * favoured * clinton . 
  perhaps trump 's appeal amongst low-income voters was n't as strong as people are making out ? 
  in reality it 's not that surprising given the republicans are usually quite hostile to the poor , and the poor tend to be more reliant on government help , which again the republicans dislike . 
  the republicans are pretty much the essence of the establishment - no way will they want trump sending back their cheap foreign labour while helping out the forgotten people of america ( i.e the poor ) . 
  those against globalism would be fools to lend their support to the party that spearheaded it and benefit from a pool of cheap labour at their disposal . 
  trump ai n't gon na change that , the republican establishment simply wo n't allow it . 
  as for ` the backlash against the cultural left ' - people in the west are clearly not comfortable living with people of other cultures and races , and no amount of pleading on my part is going to change their minds . 
  i enjoy living in a multicultural city , and i would n't even be here if it was n't for immigration ( my grandparents are jamaican ) , but if the overwhelming opinion is and always has been that multiculturalism is bad and the presence of different races makes white people feel uncomfortable then there is probably very little i can do to change their minds at this point . 
  i 'm not going to sit here and accuse people of racism - it is what it is . 
  but they 're still not left-wing , not in a global sense . 
  only in an american sense . 
  i 'd say the democrats are probably similar to the tories in the uk . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  if the sun publishes a headline saying the eu requires by law that polish people in the uk eat swans , they have to take down the headline and face possible legal repercussions because it was clearly untrue and they would be misleading people . 
  i 'm not sure why you object to that . 
  most companies would be breaking the law by misleading the people who buy its product . 
  it actually is n't - or at least , it is n't based on what we know . 
  bernie would have likely taken michigan , wisconsin and pennsylvania . 
  might have taken others as well . 
  all just conjecture at this stage but at the very least he would have done better than clinton . 
  free speech should not give tabloids the impetus to publish things that are simply untrue , as british tabloids frequently do . 
  maybe it 's to do with proving you are a citizen of that country , refugees obviously are n't citizens of any eu country so ca n't enter the uk , especially if they do n't have identification to begin with . 
  i doubt they 're bothered - people are not usually clamouring to win the respect of people they do n't like in the first place . 
  for example , i would n't care if someone like you hated me because you seem like a bit of a cunt . 
  uh , yes it is - it 's changing the current system to an older one . 
  that might be regressive but it 's still a form of change . 
  i suspect most of them realise those jobs are long gone . 
  at least i hope they are - otherwise they are going to be very disappointed . 
  what relevance does that have to my post ? 
  bernie is n't in favour of open borders . 
  https://berniesanders.com/open-borders-a-gimmick-not-a-solution/ most old-school left-wingers are actually against things like open borders and the eu because they see it as an attack on the working classes/benefiting right-wing business owners who want cheap labour . 
  at the very least he would have won over michigan , wisconsin and pennsylvania . 
  no , it is n't fair - but people seem to be allowing social media echo chambers to influence their decisions in real life far too easily * . 
  most liberals do n't think all leave voters are racist . 
  i think nearly all racists were probably leave voters , but that 's a different thing entirely . 
  most remain voters are n't strongly driven towards any particular political ideology - a lot of them were probably like my mother - not exactly enthusiastic about the eu but chose to vote remain because they thought it was a case of ` better the devil you know ' . 
  there really are n't many die-hard eu fans in the uk , even amongst remain voters . 
  * either that or the influence liberals on social media had on people 's voting intentions is blown way out of proportion . 
  with or without ` sneering liberals ' i think brexit and trump would have happened anyway . 
  people are crying out for something different . 
  i did n't say that its existence was ` shite ' , just that i 'm getting bored of hearing about it as an alternative to europe when it certainly is n't . 
  well , no - we * are * european - politically , culturally and economically . 
  of course we have cultural links to australia , canada and new zealand as well - but certain people in the uk seem to revel in the idea of a renewed commonwealth , as a middle finger to those ` continentals ' . 
  it 's really very silly . 
  what about me, 
  that is n't really a problem of the left per se though - actual left-wingers such as myself were rooting for bernie during the primaries and were getting increasingly frustrated when clinton supporters kept on accusing us of being ` socialists ' and that bernie would be too left-wing to win . 
  it 's an issue for the democrats , sure , but left wing does not equal democrat . 
  the modern democrats can hardly be called left-wing at all , not least clinton herself . 
  those turning this strictly into a left/right issue are really missing the point imo . 
  the disenfranchised voters in michigan and pennsylvania did n't vote for the republicans - they voted for trump , and they did n't vote for trump because he is supposedly right-wing . 
  they voted for trump because he was promising change . 
  these same voters would have probably voted for bernie sanders given the chance . 
  they did n't vote for clinton because she would n't have changed anything . 
  these are the people that could have easily been won over if the right candidate was put forward . 
  conversely , there probably are a lot of die-hard trump supporters who probably are racist , and these are the people that you ca n't win over because they are not ` swing voters ' - they are ideologically set . 
  it 's about realising who you are enemy is . 
  i do n't think your typical working class voter in flint or pittsburgh is the enemy - i think the populist right who are exploiting their often legitimate concerns are the enemy . 
  they pretend to care about the plight of these people in order to get power . 
  trying to turn left-wing voters into the new social pariah is a bad idea imo . 
  i am so fucking sick of this nauseating ` anglosphere ' shite . 
  you tell me . 
  thatcher and reagan started this shitshow nearly 4 decades ago , now their ilk are being championed as crusaders against globalisation . 
  that 's not what he 's saying though , is it ? 
  i 'm not sure why people like you are always on the defensive . 
  just calm down . 
  you might want to read my post again - i said the number of people moving to the uk from the eu will decline if ( when ) the uk pursues a hard brexit . 
  the proof will be in the pudding as to whether or not low-income earners actually benefit from this , and if not who will they look to blame as a result ? 
  yet research by the bank of england suggests that any impact on low-income wages by ` uncontrolled immigration ' is statistically insignificant . 
  lse came to a similar conclusion - that only a very weak statistical correlation exists . 
  there was also a study recently that claimed a reduction of eu migrants in the uk competing for jobs might have a small positive impact on wages for low-income earners but any benefit is likely to be wiped out by higher inflation/rising costs of goods in the uk ( which is slowly becoming apparent ) . 
  basically that any benefit they might have derived will probably not compenstate for any worsening of the uk economy when the uk undoubtedly goes down the ` hard brexit ' route next year . 
  but none of this disproves what i originally said - that low-income earners in the uk are enjoying faster income growth than anyone else . 
  the number of people earning minimum wage will continue to increase even if we are outside the eu - but they will also continue to earn more . 
  another thing to keep in mind is that immigrants in general contribute more to the uk economy than they get back , and they tend to be better educated/more highly skilled than the native population . 
  the government are trying to reduce the numbers of foreign workers across the entire employment spectrum , both low skilled and highly skilled . 
  clearly there is no logic to this . 
  i 've applied through countless employment agencies - they are actually responsible for finding the job i have now . 
  please note the use of the word ` most ' not ` all ' . 
  even if some employment agencies advertise abroad , there really is no shortage of jobs being advertised in the uk . 
  with unemployment continuing to decline , what excuse does anyone have not to take it upon themselves to get a job ? 
  yeah - what the uk could have done is not allow ee workers to come over here straight away in 2004 like other eu countries did , that would have probably saved a lot of grief . 
  the uk is one of only 3 eu countries to see its wages decline over the past 8 years . 
  but now that the number of people moving here will no doubt decline substantially , we 'll see whether or not that really benefits the lowest earners or if other factors will continue to keep their pay bogged down . 
  the proof will be in the pudding . 
  so the government has taken it upon itself to guarantee that the lowest earners are given a pay rise . 
  what exactly are you complaining about then ? 
  you seem to think that one job on ` trucknet uk ' somehow proves you 're right . 
  it really does n't . 
  most employers in the uk do not hold interviews abroad - certainly none of the warehousing jobs that i 've applied for have . 
  there is very little excuse for being long-term unemployed in the uk these days and we should really stop making excuses for these people . 
  you 're splitting hairs though - income growth amongst low earners outpaces that of middle earners regardless of the reason behind it , so complaints regarding suppressed wages are thrown out of the window almost straight away because it simply is n't happening . 
  right - so it 's about people who are unwilling to take it upon themselves to seek out opportunities , bemoaning a group of people with strong work ethic . 
  again , it 's easy to say ` these companies only hire poles because they will work for less ' rather than saying ` they hire poles because they actually turn up for work ' . 
  it 's about time the working classes and long-term unemployed in the uk stopped blaming everyone else for their situation .
