  i know how they see it . 
  does n't make a difference to what actually happens . 
  that 's not a concern to the real elites though , since they are not affected either way . 
  clinton may have lost the election but she 's still very wealthy and will no doubt enjoy a very nice life . 
  ditto with the obamas . 
  money is no object for these people . 
  since the kind of people who voted for trump or brexit will probably remain poor for their entire lives as the kinds of changes they wanted are unlikely to come to fruition , they 're the only ones who will lose out . 
  the ` prosecco socialists ' of london and paris will continue to live in their affluent bubble , enjoying the kind of life not afforded to the provincial plebs . 
  rising food prices in the uk will have a far larger impact on the people barely able to feed themselves . 
  for the wealthier people , it just means shopping at sainsbury 's instead of waitrose . 
  and as we 've seen thus far , trump 's presidency has been chaotic and embarrassing and we 're only a little over a month into it . 
  the clintons and obamas are probably loving every minute of it . 
  well said . 
  if you 're a miner who is still unemployed 30 years after losing his job , that ai n't nobody 's fault but your own . 
  the world changes - instead of having a hissy fit and screaming about how unfair it all is , you adapt . 
  the state ca n't come to your rescue all the time , especially if you are unwilling to help yourself . 
  trump and brexit were pretty much giant tantrums by a class of people who refuse to improve their lives because it 's easier to sit around moaning . 
  you would be correct . 
  i have no time or interest in the kind of people ` kinggeorge ' is alluding to . 
  and ? 
  people have made the same ` muh disenfranchisement ' posts before . 
  nothing we did n't already know . 
  i 'm a low earner who did n't go to uni and grew up in a poor , single parent household , so i should be prime leave material given i am probably ` disenfranchised ' - though i obviously realised voting leave would n't improve my life in the slightest . 
  that 's a big wall of text for a whole lot of nothing . 
  settle down buddy . 
  i do n't see the big deal - putting pineapple in pizza is just improving one of italy 's native dishes . 
  it 's like we invented football but other countries are better than us . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  well , to brits you 're all the same so it does n't matter . 
  they 're fine , really . 
  they get so much stick for absolutely no reason at all . 
  i thought we made more jokes about the french as well . 
  ca n't say i know many jokes about the irish . 
  with sweden it 's probably just the consequence of being the largest country in the region . 
  yeah , spain is very progressive . 
  wow , we will be the new italy soon enough . 
  i thought sweden was the highest - or maybe it 's the netherlands . 
  norway and finland are surprisingly low . 
  then again , is n't norway supposed to be the alabama of the nordics when it comes to social issues ? 
  david tennant . 
  you really think he 's good looking ? 
  he looks lanky and gaunt to me . 
   i think british people should be conscious of the things their country has done you can be conscious of the things that your country has done without harbouring guilt because of it . 
  i feel no pride for what brits of the past have achieved because it had nothing to do with me . 
  coming from someone like you , i take that as a compliment . 
  this sub is full of hypocrites - germans should n't feel bad for what the nazis did but we should feel bad for what our predecessors did even though none of them are even alive - simply because they hate the uk but get a raging hard on whenever ireland is even mentioned . 
  piss off , the lot of you . 
  politicians have always lied to us . 
  tony blair 's foreign policy was shite but imo he oversaw britain 's best domestic period . 
  nothing else comes close . 
  cetainly a lot better than the seemingly never ending shower of shite we have now . 
  a majority of brits also supported the war ar the time so the dummies who live here got what they wanted , just like they 're about to get brexit ( which in 10 years they may also regret ) . 
  thousands protested in paris against same-sex marriage . 
  that is far more shameful . 
  but then , it 's france . 
  people protest all the time . 
  a majority of people in france support same sex marriage and a majority of french people want fillon to drop out . 
  do do n't be too hard on yourself . 
   but whether the potential growth has been lost . 
  but i 'm not sure that 's the case . 
  no terrorist attacks more recently , i should add . 
  the terror risk in spain is almost entirely from secessionist groups , as it always was . 
  alright - so we 've established that those three cities remain hugely popular with tourists even though you think they 're becoming lower in quality , therefore rendering your original comment invalid . 
  glad that 's sorted . 
  thank you for an eye-opening conversation . 
  i know gurl , i know . 
  i never claimed to be tolerant . 
  i just hate ungrateful , scrounging eastern european countries who should n't receive a penny more from the eu . 
  they should align fully with russia instead of keeping up pretenses . 
  become the next belarus or ukraine , i beg of you . 
  well , except romania , because they are not fucking crazy like the rest of you . 
  good guys those romanians . 
  i 'm aware of : calvin harris david guetta paul van dyk avicii fuck knows who these other people are . 
  oh how i yearn for the days of political stability . 
  sadly long behind us . 
  you seem to think paris , berlin and barcelona are not in a state fit for anybody to want to visit them . 
  given that berlin and barcelona have experienced no downturn in tourism ( barcelona has n't even had a terrorist attack of any kind - nor has spain in general ) , and paris 's slump still equates to it being the third most visited city in 2016 with over 18 million international tourists , i want to know how that is even remotely true . 
  then again , you 're a person who thinks paris is a vessel of algeria - crazy is to be expected , i guess . 
  you probably think london is a vessel of bangladesh as well . 
   because in truth you would have to go backwards to get paris , barcelona , berlin etc into a state fit for anybody to want to visit them what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  hungary is still a backwards shithole ruled by a sour-faced hypocrite . 
  the eu should never have accepted eastern european countries in the first place . 
  his country is also one of the biggest net beneficiaries of eu funding . 
  no way is he giving up all of that sweet , sweet monies . 
  he talks shit about the eu but at the same time says ` thanks germany and france for the cash ' . 
  piece of shit hypocrites . 
  kick the fuckers out . 
  same with poland . 
  lol ok then, 
  good thing we voted to leave so we can keep freaks like you out . 
   there is no need to become a workaholic in uk , unless your career choice is to become an investment banker . 
  clearly there is no need , but we work many more hours regardless , have lower productivity * and * we do n't earn much more . 
  we are clearly missing a trick somewhere along the line . 
  the work culture here is pretty shitty - there is no obligation to become a workaholic but there is often an expectation . 
  the french should n't emulate the uk anyway - we 're too work obsessed . 
  far better countries to aspire to that have stronger economies but manage to have more free time to actually enjoy life . 
  for anyone who is interested , here 's an obesity rate map of the uk : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/obesity-map-shows-areas-in-uk_uk_5703bceae4b069ef5c00dd6d fattest people in the uk are scottish . 
  there 's a strong correlation between deprivation levels and obesity levels . 
  france : eat lots of fatty foods , do n't exercise , drink lots of wine , but stay thin and live long . 
  sounds good to me .
