  we all know the americans do n't really need us . 
  i do n't know why this would be surprising . 
  a majority of scots do n't even want a referendum in the next 2 years . 
  i suspect many are just sick and tired of referendums . 
  the swiss might be used to it but we are certainly not . 
  this bitch should be ashamed of herself . 
  no , i have not . 
  for the record , i do n't own a car either . 
  i suspect they 're more concerned about their country being protected against potential russian aggression than they are about whatever more powerful members are supposed to gain . 
  i 'd be happy for my country to lend a helping hand if they needed it , even if we did n't gain anything from it . 
  i 'd feel pretty shitty if we did nothing . 
  i do n't know why some people are so desperate to own guns . 
  i do n't own any and my life is fine . 
  thanks for that . 
  it seems like the uk , sweden , denmark and the netherlands had their own little bloc and often voted similarly , especially since all four nations are generally against a federal union/closer integration . 
  it seems like desire to leave the eu has decreased in all countries since brexit happened , but it will be interesting to how these countries react now that a very large ally with similar interests has departed . 
  i 've seen a number of swedes saying that the uk was an important ally for them in the eu . 
  ditto denmark and the netherlands . 
  the uk often allied itself with countries like sweden , denmark and the netherlands because all four had aligned interests occasionally . 
  yes , that is what i am saying . 
  but now that they 're retired , they only care about their pension . 
  they do n't care about the conditions of working-age adults . 
  yes , and they are members of society who no longer work - so should have no say over the kind of conditions working-age people face , as it is no longer relevant or applicable to them . 
  like i said , set up an old person government for old people problems . 
  they can have their own little elections and everything . 
  how adorable would that be ? 
  i do n't care about anyone 's life experience when it comes to voting . 
  my grandmother is 78 and knows nothing about politics , and openly admits that she does n't care and does n't bother voting anyway . 
  her 78 years of life experience means very little in this context , because any vote she does cast would be completely uninformed . 
  ` it is currently not a criminal offence to ban any group of people from renting a property you own in the uk , but racial discrimination by landlords is against civil law , so a tenant or a tenants ' rights group could take mr wilson to court , according to campaign group generation rent ' . 
  really , he could have just banned cooking curries inside his properties . 
  if an indian or pakistani does n't cook curries very often if at all then there is no reason * not * to rent to them providing they look after the property . 
  sometimes i wonder if this man says what he says exactly for the reaction that follows . 
  not quite - 17 % think he 's doing s good job which is less than trump but 59 % think he 'd doing a bad job which is also less than trump . 
  so a more accurate thing to say would be : brits think trump and corbyn are both doing an equally poor job . 
  nobody over the age of 65 should be allowed to vote . 
  i think this is sensible . 
  brexit probably would have happened regardless , but that 's besides the point really . 
  they 're no longer working so do not deserve to dictate what kind of conditions working-age adults have . 
  maybe set up some sort of independent old person government that only deals with the concerns of old people . 
  no more free bus passes either . 
  and they should stop trying ( and faling ) to push in front of me when i 'm waiting to get on the bus . 
  cry babies . 
  not a good year for french police , huh ? 
  he 's a well-known moron . 
  beards ? 
  we do n't want to keep the light out . 
  our summers are not hot or particularly sunny . 
  then le pen is n't a populist - she is just an opportunist disguising herself as a populist . 
  so that is what you meant . 
  glad that 's sorted . 
  i know we have n't left yet - but even the uncertainty of leaving was supposed to have a bigger impact on our economy than it actually has . 
  this is why i have been pleasantly surprised . 
  no , but i know that 's what you meant . 
  did n't even know who this man was until a few months ago . 
  no idea why people are paying him so much attention . 
  you do know that not all immigrants in germany are muslims , right ? 
  people are n't necessarily going to vote for the same party locally as they do nationally though . 
  i do n't know if this is a common occurrence in germany mind you , but if you look in the us , states like massachusetts have republican governors but always vote for the democrats in presidential elections . 
  i could also see myself voting for the conservatives at local elections here in the uk but i would never do that nationally . 
   as another brit and remainder , it seems to me that this complacency is precisely the heart of the problem . 
  it is n't complacency . 
  i voted to remain , was unhappy at the result , and i 've moved on . 
  i 'd be complacent if i thought things were about to get really bad , but i do n't . 
  i certainly did , but i 've been pleasantly surprised at how well our economy has held up despite the high levels of uncertainty . 
  the biggest concern for me is rising food prices . 
  you are welcome to believe that things will get a lot worse - and luckily for you the full effects of leaving probably wo n't be known this decade so nobody will call you to task quite yet . 
  things like healthcare and schooling are unrelated to brexit though - they 've been a mess for years . 
  brexit definitely wo n't make them any better but the situation would have persisted in or out of the eu . 
  this does n't mean the uk is in ` serious trouble ' - being hyperbolic does n't help anyone or anything . 
  the uk has always had problems - and it probably always will . 
  oh , and out of that 48 % , only a minority are die-hard eu fanatics . 
  most of us are going about our lives the same as we were before . 
  i have no interest in your histrionics . 
  you mean people like macron want to make france 's economy stronger and more robust , instead of pointing to old buildings and saying ` look at this !, 
  who needs lower unemployment when you have beautiful cathedrals ?! ' . 
  there is nothing wrong with valuing identity and culture , but it does n't have to be at the expense of everything else . 
  not that i think france should emulate what the uk did in the 1980s , but i think france could do with becoming more competitive . 
  its economic performance over the past 2-3 years has been pretty lackluster . 
  what deep social divisions are we talking about in particular ? 
  listen , buddy , you 're talking to a remainer who regrets the uk leaving the eu but i am not about to join in with this ` the uk is doomed ' orgy that has overtaken this sub for nearly the past year . 
  most people in the uk - whether leaver or remainer - just want the thing to be over with . 
  most remainers have no interest in trying to stop brexit at this point . 
  is the uk in serious trouble ? 
  does n't feel like it . 
  i do n't think the eu is in serious trouble either . 
  that is something an angry crank would say !, 
  you 're just another angry crank on the internet . 
  you contribute very little of value to europe . 
  you 're just lucky you were born in the greatest place in the world instead of a third-world hellhole , otherwise you 'd probably be risking your life to reach europe like the rest of them . 
  if you agree with them then yes , that 's how it is . 
  the moderates recently approached them . 
  too early to say imo . 
  even the social democrats might cave in if they think their time in power is up . 
  they 've been in the lead for a while now . 
  they 've got until 2018 to keep it up . 
  well , the top 4 global cities are typically london , new york , paris and tokyo . 
  you know , i suspect pret would n't have problems recruiting people if they actually paid the staff they so desperately want , instead of expecting young people to work for a sandwich . 
  i mean , it 's a thought ? 
  okay .
