  i 've never met an english person who actually thinks of ireland at all . 
  all of this supposed animosity is entirely one-sided . 
  it 's like some small dwarf man shouting ` big lanky fucker ' at some 6 ' 5 dude and he 's just like ` huh , what ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  dude , everyone lost interest already . 
  they 're just reporting what is actually happening . 
  despite what right-wing morons say , the bbc is n't some evil left-wing organisation out to mislead the public . 
  never heard that one before , lmao !, 
  this is like putting a gun to your head and saying ` i 'll kill myself if you do n't do what i want ' . 
  call her bluff !, 
  if you still do n't understand then there is nothing else i can say . 
  damn you must not have high hopes for your baby if you think it will take 30 years for it to become self-sufficient . 
  yeah . . 
  i said they 're renowned for their green policies , i did n't say they were actually better . 
  nordic countries are renowned for their green policies , therefore estonia can not into nordic because it emits a lot of greenhouse gases per capita ? 
  london 's a bit of a patchwork though in that regard . 
  you get boroughs that appear very affluent like islington that have child poverty levels of 40 + percent . 
  inner london has always been the kind of place where the rich and poor live cheek-by-jowl . 
  this is a positive thing imo , and it 's a shame to see london moving towards paris where the inner areas are the domain of the wealthy or destitute with not much in between . 
  but you 're right - poor areas in northern cities do n't gentrify because there is no need for them to gentrify . 
  the nice areas are not obscenely expensive so people can still afford to live there . 
  in leeds , where i live , young professionals prefer to live in the city centre , chapel allerton , roundhay , headingley - they are all reasonably expensive , but nowhere near levels seen down south and it 's still possible for a recent graduate to live in these areas without skinning themselves , hence there is no need for them to seek out cheaper alternatives . 
  i definitely would n't pay over the odds to live in some boring zone 5 suburban town as many people seem to be doing . 
  i 'd only consider living in london if i had enough money to live comfortably in central london , otherwise it is n't worth it at all . 
  not there either . 
  hottest places in spain have average highs of 35-36c in july/august . 
  they can definitely get periods of 40c + temperatures but this is far from the norm . 
   plus i can take/make jokes about estonia as well . 
  this is not very evident . 
   i 'm not going to pretend that somewhere like leeds is as nice of a place to live as london that would depend on what you 're looking for . 
  london is definitely more * interesting * but not necessarily * nicer * . 
  nowhere in spain is that hot , lol . 
  we are all going to fucking die wtf omfejoihewit hwet { ijpwepo wepotjweo wet j'weot jwe wt, 
  yeah . 
  she 's been on my ` next to die ' list for several years . 
  the uk 's defence budget is the 5th largest in the world and is one of the few nato nations to meet the 2 % of gdp target . 
  the problem with the uk 's armed forces is mismanagement , not lack of funding . 
  we ordered new planes for our aircraft carriers but have no aircraft carriers for them to land on because we scrapped our old ones before the new ones were built . 
  that is mismanagement . 
  and , as an aside , there is probably little appetite amongst the british electorate for significantly higher military spending . 
  the armed forces are way down on the list of priorities for voters . 
  the economy , healthcare and immigration are the top priorities - always . 
  as long as there is n't a significant threat to the uk 's existence , the armed forces will never be a big issue . 
  if a ww2 situation arose , public opinion would change drastically . 
  that link is basically your crutch , is n't it ? 
  that 's about the 100th time i 've seen you post it . 
  the telegraph is pretty shit to be fair - but it 's increasingly difficult to find quality british journalism these days . 
  most british newspapers are evidently biased and hysterical in their reporting ( whether it 's the telegraph or the guardian ) . 
  maybe they wanted to highlight the latitude difference ? 
  not a lot of people realise that chicago is only as far north as barcelona , even though both cities have very different climates ( chicago being much , much colder in winter ) . 
  death to nazis !, 
  though i do n't think it was ever likely that they 'd move their uk headquarters out of the uk . 
  would be like moving lidl ireland hq out of ireland . 
  from a low base . 
  it 's a ` for all intents and purposes ' situation . 
  for all intents and purposes , it 's a single functioning city . 
  if london was like paris , it would only have a population of around 10,000 . 
  i just made a point . 
  stating that nobody would pay much attention to russia if it did n't have nukes does n't equal me wanting conventional war with russia . 
  i just get rather bored of their inflated presence in the world . 
  indeed . 
  in reality , paris and london are equal in size . 
  i do n't want a war , conventional or otherwise , between the west and russia . 
  that is something we can all do without . 
   thinking that you can do anything romania does just because you have more money . 
  so why ca n't the uk have internet coverage as good as romania ? 
  what is preventing us from achieving that ? 
  is there something unique about romania that means they can have good internet coverage but the uk ca n't ? 
  i 'm not following . 
  it really is n't a superiority complex . 
  i compare the uk to many places and say ` we should be achieving that ' . 
  this is about acknowledging that other countries do better than us in a lot of things and we should strive to improve ourselves . 
  we * can * do better . 
  someone who thinks the uk is best at everything would not even acknowledge that it does poorly in a lot of areas relative to other european countries . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't - but the presence of nukes means they are afforded far more power than they 'd have without . 
  the media constantly portrays a never-ending power struggle between russia and the us , even though the latter has a significantly larger and more modern military , not to mention a much larger and wealthier economy . 
  the two are not even remotely equal , in any aspect . 
  russia 's biggest advantage without nukes would be the number of military personnel and reservists which is much larger than any western country . 
  no , but they have the impetus to do what they 're doing * because * of nukes . 
  they know the west does n't want direct military confrontation with russia because it would probably result in nukes being used . 
  why are you being such a dick ? 
  read my posting history - i am the last person to think the uk is best at everything . 
  i usually think it 's shit . 
  i 'm under no illusion that the uk is inherently better than anywhere . 
  the * only * point i 'm making is that if a poorer country like romania can have excellent internet coverage , so can the uk . 
  the fact that we have n't does n't reflect well on us because it means we have intentionally not bothered to improve it . 
  it does n't mean we * should * be better but that we * could * be better if we just fucking tried . 
  now piss off with your assumptions and putting words into my mouth . 
  the fact that the uk has worse internet than romania in the first place is a bad thing as well . 
  there 's no excuse for it really . 
  yeah - politicians in the west wo n't take russia to task over these things directly , but if russia did n't have nukes the risk of military confrontation would be significantly higher because western politicians would n't fear nuclear war . 
  the us in particular would look at russia as no more significant in military terms than the uk or france . 
  it also has a significantly larger military - same as the rest of the top 10 combined . 
  russia 's military spend , by contrast , is n't much higher than the uk 's or france 's , and is significantly lower than both combined . 
  if russia did n't have an enormous nuke stockpile , would anyone take any notice of it ? 
  it 's annoying , is n't it ? 
  wish people would fuck off with that kind of shit . 
   cares for their own people and not for the eu dictators . 
  the eu is bad , except when it is giving poland billions of euros in development funds . 
  they 'd probably end up living in a makeshift house with 20 other people in a suburban garden somewhere in london working 20 hours a day for 1 pound an hour , so they 'd hardly be living la vida loca .
