  in the uk it 's often called haar or sea fret . 
  most poles i know here are perfectly happy , and have no intentions of returning home - though brexit has changed a lot of perceptions . 
  they are impressed enough to stay though . 
  i guess money trumps everything . 
  criminals always find new ways to commit crime . 
  much easier to get a hold of acid than guns . 
  everything about her is awkward . 
  you are perfectly entitled to your opinion , i suppose . 
  cities like berlin are where people go because the ca n't afford london . 
  that 's all . 
  berlin is nobody 's first choice . 
  only new york , london and paris are truly global cities . 
  london is one of the greatest places in the world if you can actually afford to live there comfortably - certainly if money was no object i 'd much rather base myself in london than berlin . 
  berlin is cool , but feels comparatively small and provincial . 
  come on - most of us would love to live in kensington or chelsea if we could afford to . 
  hey - as someone else mentioned , maybe an exodus of bankers and rich oligarchs will make london more affordable . 
  maybe the creative heart will return to the city . 
   then why do poor white people in the us outscore rich black kids on sat scores ? 
  you could look at the uk instead . 
  poor white pupils perform more poorly on gcse exams than any other demographic . 
  http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/346c/production/_86402431_e65063ec-2150-49ed-ac55-06ba7c4f789a.jpg bangladeshis , indians and nigerians are three of the ethnic groups in the uk that get better gcse exam results than white british pupils in the uk - and what 's more remarkable is that these ethnic groups perform , overall , better than white pupils overall - including middle class pupils . 
  this is remarkable because indians , nigerians and bangladeshis are poorer than white pupils - significantly so in the last two . 
  i do n't think this is the case because white people are stupid though . 
  i think there are cultural factors at play . 
  parents of immigrants in the uk often push their children harder to do well . 
  why should bangladeshi pupils in tower hamlets - one of the most deprived boroughs in the uk - get better gcse exam results than white pupils in essex , one of the wealthiest counties in england ? 
  that is one beautiful shitter . 
  people spitting on the ground . 
  i see this all the time and it 's fucking disgusting . 
  i have no idea what kind of environment these people were brought up in to think that gobbing wherever they want is somehow acceptable behaviour . 
  people in britain who spit - please , stop it . 
  you are trash . 
  it 's the ` have your cake and eat it ' methodology . 
  does n't usually work though . 
  birmingham 's a much-maligned city , but it 's quite nice in my experience - and has some of the best schools in the country . 
  it 's attracting a lot of londoners who want somewhere cheaper to live . 
  this idea that it 's some sort of city on the brink of sectarian war is really quite humourous . 
   there 's no official statistics on such matters there we are then . 
  the white population has declined a lot in every london borough but white people do n't avoid them . 
  tower hamlets has even experienced a significant amount of gentrification and that is largely fueled by the white middle classes . 
  10 years ago tower hamlets was one of the top 10 most deprived boroughs in the country . 
  today it 's not even in the top 20 . 
  boroughs like hackney have experienced the same thing . 
  inner london boroughs are definitely much nicer now than 30 years ago . 
  how many swedish or dutch immigrants in the uk are of moroccan or turkish descent ? 
  i 've never met anyone lile thar before . 
  and those white neighbourhoods become indian neighbourhoods over time . 
  that 's happening in areas of london like harrow . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that harrow is largely very nice , but it is majority minority these days . 
  the white and christian population has declined while the sikh and hindu population had increased . 
  and although they are better off and less of prone to crime , their culture is nothing like ours . 
  they still originate from the third world . 
  edit - i have no idea why this post is getting downvoted . 
  everything i said is completely accurate . 
  if you have a problem with what i 'm saying then please feel free to respond . 
  right , but white people still find themselves in these areas . 
  they 're not off limits or too dangerous . 
  if your issue is with ` third world ' immigration then leaving the eu should n't have been a priority for you . 
  our ` third world ' immigrants largely arrive from the indian subcontinent and africa . 
  some may arrive from other eu countries but certainly not the majority . 
  publications like the guardian have very little impact on discourse in the uk . 
  the sun and daily mail are much more influential . 
  companies revealing how many foreign workers they have is n't going to do anything to address integration issues either . 
  it 's a silly policy that made it look like the tories were doing something while simultaneously skirting around the real issues . 
  leicester is mostly known for its large indian population . 
   however there definitely are areas in which white brits would never find themselves in in the bigger cities . 
  as a resident of a bigger city , which areas would these be ? 
  not true . 
  look at a religious map of london and hindus and sikhs form very obvious enclaves of their own . 
  they 're just economically better off than muslims . 
  in case you had n't noticed , the uk has a right-wing government . 
  ask the tories what they intend on doing about it . 
  a lot of people live together without marrying . 
  if i was a straight male i definitely would n't - too high a chance of being fleeced by some opportunistic gold digger , that or being booted out of my own home when the marriage inevitably collapses . 
  if traditions ca n't stand the test of time then they 're not as good as you think they are . 
  fake news . 
  buildings in the uk are designed to retain heat . 
  in much of the med they are designed to allow heat to escape . 
  well , you ca n't . 
  so there . 
   yes marriage is a human construct , so is language , so are houses , what 's your point ? 
  things change - and some human constructs disappear entirely . 
  including languages . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  new traditions can also appear - all traditions were new at some point , they were n't just there from the onset . 
  old traditions disappearing and new ones taking their place is n't necessarily a bad thing unless you are ideologically wedded to ` old = better ' . 
  marriage has n't disappeared but it 's definitely falling out of favour - and if some traditions begin falling out of favour then you have to ask yourself why . 
  if some tradition are so good , they should n't disappear . 
  but there you go . 
  i used to pull up our living room chair and watch out of the window . 
  still love a good thunderstorm . 
  marriage is a human construct . 
  i personally think it 's completely pointless . 
  traditional values and fuck off as well . 
  welcome to mordor . 
  of course i was just speaking about the uk . 
  i 'm not completely sutpid . 
  on a lot of days , i completely forget that i 'm gay - i think i 'm fortunate to live in a country where the issue of sexuality is , well , not an issue at all - but a few days ago i saw a tweet complaining about ` gay propaganda ' brainwashing children , and then i remembered that a lot of people really hate me and would probably enjoy causing great harm to me - which is a slightly depressing thought . 
  but there 's nothing personally i can do about stuff like that . 
  they are in a small minority , and being a homophobe in the uk in the 21st century , at least publicly , will cause you tons of grief .
