  i 'm sure many would love to . 
  fair point - but i would much rather fight a conventional war than a nuclear war . 
  the latter would have no winners . 
  the presence of nukes has no upside at all in my mind . 
  first strike willingness is basically the reason the cold war never went hot not really . 
  a nuclear weapons country does n't need a first-strike policy in order to deter a nuclear attack , it simply needs to guarantee that if it is attacked , there would be immediate retaliation . 
  i can not imagine a situation where a first strike against any country would be even remotely positive or justified . 
  i think you 're confused mate . 
  i was agreeing with you - and the ` stupid cunts ' i am referring to are the people justifying attacks like this . 
  you will find a lot of stupid cunts like that on this sub , and on reddit in general unfortunately . 
  there is no excuse for trying to run people over . 
  what a fucking ludicrous thing to try and defend . 
  better them than me . 
  nope . 
  uk has more mountainous areas and is more prone to winter cold snaps ( but by the same token also more of prime to summer heatwaves ) . 
  saying you live in finlandb must mean you suffer from some kind of mental disorder . 
  people said that about new labour as well . 
  one of the arguments for moving labour to the left is that it created an actual alternative instead of a ` tory lite ' . 
  it does n't make any sense to me . 
  take sdp in germany - they were doing okay in the polls earlier in the year but are now trailing cdu again . 
  what about sdp is so awful that people simply refuse to vote for them ? 
  or , more importantly , what is so great about cdu that warrants merkel being supreme leader ? 
  in fact , same goes for pvda in the netherlands . 
  what did they do that was so god awful to result in their near-total decimation ? 
  i do n't mind leaders like merkel , but you 'd think after so many years of one party in power people would want change eventually . 
  it 's things like this that actually make me somewhat happy the uk does n't have proportional representation . 
  the left is fractured enough here - if we had pr then labour would probably lose loads of votes to the greens/lib dems . 
  that 's awesome . 
  that , and insults like ` poof ' or ` ponce ' or ` queer ' . 
  i 'm gay and i hate those words with a passion . 
  we did n't need a ` miscalculated ' immigration policy for that to be the case , as the uk already had a significant and poorly-educated underclass of its own people . 
  i 'm only 21 ( 22 in august ) but even compared to when i was in secondary school ( 2006-2011 ) it seems like homophobic bullying has become much rarer . 
  yeah , just like i 'm okay living in the uk because i do n't have to live in moss side or harehills . 
  wow , surprised anyone remembered that , haha . 
  i think sweden is a great country and i would happily move there in a heartbeat - shakira law and all . 
  depends on what you mean by ` great historical figures ' . 
  great as in noteworthy , sure . 
  great as in good , certainly not . 
  about as nice as the kings of any other european country , i guess . 
  well , yes - but the city is still part of the greater london region and the people living there vote in london mayoral elections . 
  that 's the london metropolitan area . 
  that includes a lot more than just ` london ' . 
  london has history worth preserving . 
  cities like omaha would n't know anything about that . 
  you ca n't build anything that might block the view of st paul 's cathedral from certain angles , for example . 
  and skyscrapers are pretty much a big no-no in the west end . 
  london is n't a city of 15 million people either . 
  the walkie talkie building ( 20 fenchurch street ) is truly hideous . 
  hey , we might be stupid but we do n't think mass murderers like stalin are ` great historical figures ' . 
  under 152 . 
  my nearest station gets 114 days of rain . 
  it definitely does n't get 38 days of snow - 10 to 15 seems more likely . 
  a lot of these figures are hilariously wrong . 
  i live in leeds and my closest official weather station does n't get anywhere near 152 days of rain/snow a year . 
  he 's right though . 
  the uk has left now after years of whinging and poor cooperation . 
  eastern european countries are acting like stupid , petulant children and need to shut up or just leave the eu all together . 
  western countries have no reason to listen to their bitching and moaning when these countries were lucky to join the eu at all . 
  the only thing they 're good for is wage dumping . 
  fuck off poland , hungary etc. 
  andrea leadsom is so incredibly stupid . 
  agreed . 
  everyone says that but i think it 's mostly crap . 
  18-19 year olds in the uk voted overwhelmingly for labour . 
  i do n't see that changing in the next 2-3 years . 
  oh please take us back please we promise never to treat you badly again . 
  simple solution - cut of all diplomatic ties to saudi arabia and other hellholes . 
  diplomatic immunity is such bullshit . 
  and , you know , theresa may is just appallingly bad in almost every way . 
  the more people saw her , the less they liked her . 
  uh . . she is n't boris johnson . 
  she is n't being ` goofy ' . 
  she 's just terrible at most things . 
  it does n't make me like her at all . 
  strongandstable.exe failed to initiate . 
  system shutting down . 
  i 'm not scared - i just have no interest in speculating the causes of this fire , not least by jumping on the ` it was muslims ' bandwagon . 
  thank you for the kind offer though . 
  maybe someone else will partake . 
   care to have a discussion with me on the issue ? 
  no , i do not . 
  she is so awkward , bless . 
   what 's your end game ? 
  to be a piece of shit , that 's his end game . 
  ` fire in london , must be muslims ' . 
  ` old lady falls over , must be muslims ' . 
  ` leaf blows in the wind , must be muslims ' . 
  fuck off you sarky cunt . 
  not sure it 's a risk worth taking . . 
  there are still people alive in the building . 
  they need to get them out before the entire thing collapses . 
  i do n't even know the words to god save the queen . 
  fuck this shit, 
  okay . 
  i ca n't say that i 've ever noticed ` everything ' in the uk looking dated compared to the continent . 
  but maybe i 'm just not paying attention . 
  some things i think are definitely not as good , like the state of roads . 
  but grocery stores ? 
  not really . 
  they all look the same to me .
