  meanwhile the working classes have enjoyed the biggest increase in wages over the past year thanks to an increase in the minimum wage . . but that does not fit the ` polish workers are driving down wages for the working classes ' narrative . 
  a lot of people , both in the uk and elsewhere , simply want * someone * to blame . 
  blaming eastern europeans is just easier than confronting the real issues . 
  same in the us . 
  those manufacturing jobs are gone , people probably know that , but they still want someone to blame for their crappy existence . 
  easy solution is to blame foreigners . 
  that 's already been explained to me - but thank you anyway . 
  does n't mean a change of system would n't be beneficial if it delivers a result most people actually want . 
  it 's similar in the uk , and every political party here bar the tories wants electoral reform - i.e a more proportional voting system . 
  i 'm a left-winger and that would mean ukip having more influence in government - but honestly i 'd be fine with that . 
  i disagree with them politically but they deserve greater representation given 13 % of the uk voted for them in 2015 but only managed to get one seat . 
  given she won a higher percentage of the popular vote , i am having a really hard time believing that she is so universally loathed . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong - she 's a careerist stooge and i have no respect for her - but the american electorate did not resoundingly vote for trump . 
  in most democracies , he would not be governing alone , or at all . 
  he won because he said the rights things to the right people . 
  it really does n't take a genius or a political mastermind to say ` i 'll build a wall and make mexico pay for it ' or such nonsense that resonates with a certain demographic of americans . 
  honestly , you give the man too much credit . 
  i think out of the past 8 us elections , the democrats won the popular vote in 6 of them . 
  the democrats would be one of the most successful political parties in the western world if the us had a more proportional electoral system . 
  clinton won a plurality of votes - yet people are accusing this plurality of being ` out of touch ' , as if they are not ordinary people themselves . 
  lol . 
  trump rode to victory because the us electoral system is fucking ridiculous . 
  i do n't follow . 
  where in that post did i imply that the people i disagreed with were idiots ? 
  and in any case , if someone is an idiot , where is the harm in saying they are an idiot ? 
  if a duck is a duck , you call it a duck - right ? 
  feel genuinely very bad for people in the baltic states - i feel like we have some obligation to protect them against a resurgent russia and i will be really disappointed and ashamed if we do n't do anything to help in the case of a russian invasion . 
  they have forged rather successful post-communist states , but that was only possible with the guarantee of nato protection . 
  seriously guys , i 'm really sorry . 
  you have some shitty allies right now . 
  12 hours later . . http://image.prntscr.com/image/ae05af6575074387a2bb875e09151fe1.png eastern sweden getting hit hard by ` sea-effect ' snowfall . 
  there will be a huge gap between white male and white female voters in this election - they are often opposed to one another anyway with females almost always leaning democrat , but this year the differences really will be laid bare . 
  a lot of it will be working classes feeling ignored - but i suspect some of it will also be the white man wanting to regain some of the power he thinks he 's lost . 
  white men - or a lot of white men - think that society has now turned against them and they are the new ` oppressed ' and everyone else is the oppressor . 
  as a white man myself , i can understand - i think the mindset that it 's okay to be racist against white people or more specifically white men is fucking stupid . 
  but conversely , it does reek of ` cry babies ' throwing their toys out of the pram because america is no longer a white man 's country . 
  yes , the uneducated poor white men want to ` rock the boat ' because they are so utterly unimportant and inconsequential otherwise . 
  even if they are worse off , they feel like they 've made an impact . 
  the same amount that will be blamed on foreigners/elites when brexit is a failure - i.e the same . 
  people are n't going to admit they were wrong that easily . 
  even people i know here who voted to leave the eu , people who are working class , think he 's an idiot . 
  to be fair , a lot of his rhetoric revolved around the establishment as well - even though trump is arguably part of that establishment himself . 
  not populist though , which is what i 'm talking about . 
  this is how us remainers felt on the morning of the 24th of june . 
  it sucks pretty bad , but you 'll learn to live with it . 
  as someone else mentioned , it is n't unprecedented for the working classes to vote against their best interests . 
  i was actually expecting this result when i went to bad last night . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  civil war time !, 
  * it just wo n't happen * - i 've heard that a lot this year . 
  maybe . 
  no right-wing populism in spain as far as i can see . 
  good choice . 
  but a lot of people still dislike us anyway , even if we are n't causing harm to anyone . 
  countless states in the us tried to overturn the same-sex marriage ruling . 
  i know people will say ` oh no that wo n't happen ' and no trump has n't targeted homosexuals , but it 's a slippery slope imo , and shit like electing trump might have unintended consequences further down the line . 
  you are enabling a huge regressive voice that wants to turn back time . 
  the fact that people are ignoring this or are denying it 's even a possibility shows how fucking naive people are . 
  as a gay guy , i have to admit , this unnerves me slightly . 
  if trump can win by promising to build a wall and ban muslims , what 's to stop the same rhetoric being employed against homosexuals ? 
  well in any case , i hope you guys make some strides in that area without us fucking things up as per usual ( as long as le penn is n't elected ) . 
  well , that 's precisely the point - it will require cooperation between european forces . 
  with the uk leaving the eu , that honestly looks unlikely . 
  yeah , it 's like brexit in the uk - they want to bring everyone else down to their level . 
  probably because mexico is a poor country . 
  russia is going to invade ukraine ( again ) ffs, 
  now we wait and see how many of trump 's promises begin to unravel , and whether or not the ` disenfranchised working classes ' begin to realise that their dream of a 1950s america simply wo n't come to fruition . 
  ah well , the victim was a muslim as well so do n't worry your pretty little head . 
  i know this is supposed to inspire jealously but i would rather be in snowy sweden . 
  here in northern england , we will have cold , heavy rain and temps of 2c tomorrow - i.e the worst weather known to man . 
  snow is a blessing by comparison . 
  berlin seems nice too . 
  i checked low cost of living and low rent so i guess it makes sense . 
  what about it ? 
  am i talking to a brick wall or something ? 
  please read what i post before replying for fuck 's sake . 
  she has never been to london so ca n't even use that as an excuse to justify her blatant stupidity and ignorance . 
  please , please , please people - stop making excuses for these individuals . 
  they deserve to be shamed and ridiculed . 
  brussels is a great city . 
  its reputation as boring is undeserved . 
  what did you select to get mumbai as number 2 ? 
  did you only allow 10m + cities or something ? 
  stockholm has been an interest of mine for a while now . 
  i am talking about a woman who thinks that only one white person lives in east london . 
  there are many areas in west yorkshire that have a majority ethnic population but that has no bearing on this particular person thinking what she does about an area of the country she has never been to , or her refusal to accept facts when presented to her because it does n't align with her pre-determined line of thought . 
  i am aware that a lot of people have been unsettled by the rate of change but that does not excuse people thinking certain thing are true when they 're not , and it does not excuse refusing to accept the truth because you do n't like to hear it . 
  i 'm also leeds born-and-bred , so you 're wrong . 
  all you need to do is look up a wiki article , all london borough wiki articles have that data available so it 's really no bother at all . 
  she did n't grow up there , she lives nearly 200 miles away in leeds and has never been to london in her entire life . 
  she would n't know the first thing about london - in fact , most people in my family have spent their entire live within 10 miles of where they were born . 
  london 's infrastructure is better funded because it already exists . 
  london already has an extensive underground and commuter railway - once those things are in place it not only becomes easier to justify more funding to improve them , but it becomes necessary in order to sustain them . 
  in the case of leeds , that city paraded itself as the motorway city of the 1970s , did n't ask whitehall for tram money in the 1990s when every other city was doing so , then put in a bid in the 2000s , let costs spiral out of control to over # 1bn and by that point the government were n't interested anymore . 
  personal responsibility is needed here - leeds did n't help itself . 
  look at the tram expansions in manchester and nottingham - they are well on their way to having excellent systems , and that 's because once you have something in place it becomes easier to expand it in the future . 
  it 's much harder to get it in the first place , and leeds missed the boat . 
  now they have a council looking to spend # 173m on junction improvements instead of thinking more boldly . 
  small-minded - and unfortunately this typifies the mindset outside of london , petty parochialism rules the roost . 
  you might achieve more and be better off if your local leaders could work together for the benefit of the greater good , but they ca n't , so you wo n't .
