  meanwhile , labour are falling to pieces because neither side can work with each other . 
  who knows - maybe they 'll split again . 
  how tall do they need to be though ? 
  a 10-storey block of flats is better than a sprawling suburban development , even though it is n't tall . 
  it is n't really matter of height restrictions though . 
  people in the uk are just obsessed with living in houses . 
  building up would definitely help , particularly on inner-city brownfield sites , but that would involve a huge shift in brits ' mentality . 
  i personally prefer living in a flat because i do n't like gardening . . at all . 
  a lot of flats are tiny too , so that would have change , and the bigger flats tend to be really expensive - more expensive than houses in many cases , especially in desirable inner-city areas . 
  these flats also tend to be sold to investors to rent out as well , so there is n't always the option for people to buy them to actually , you know , live in them . 
  9 times out of 10 they 're treated as investment opportunities . 
  you bet your ass i am . 
  gosh , you 're creepy - trawling through my posts like some sad loser . 
  london usually tops the most congested cities lists so i 'm surprised as well . 
  it is usually one of the top 10 most congested cities in europe . 
  nearly overtakes le pen in the first round on this poll . 
  nice to see him moving back up after a bumpy few days . 
  of course . 
  still possible she will win . 
  please , france - vote for macron . 
  alongside germany , show the world that sensible politicians still exist . 
  please punish the uk - we deserve it for being so stupid . 
  go germany and france !, 
  i pledge my allegiance to these two fine countries . 
  fuck the uk . 
  in france , the popular vote is the only thing that matters . 
  comparing it to the us is pointless . 
  they 're windmill palms , which are everywhere here - mostly in people 's gardens . 
  ca n't believe people would kick up such a fuss over something so unimportant - and to call it ` africanization ' - oh lordy , these far-right groups ca n't get any more ridiculous , surely . 
  that is obvious , but thank you anyway . 
  my biggest fear of a far-right resurgence in europe is not so much their stance on immigration but their stance on other social issues . 
  if the moderates got 59 seats and centre got 38 , they could in theory form a government without sd - or am i mistaken ? 
  how many seats do they need to govern ? 
  ( sorry for all the questions , i 'm just curious ), 
  i saw a swede call the sweden democrats a ` leftish version ' of the tories . 
  am i right in thinking that , immigration excluded , they 're not far right-wing ? 
  i know swedes are very socially liberal when it comes to things like homosexuality , marriage , adoption etc. 
  also , how likely is it that , say , the moderates will enter a coalition with the sweden democrats ? 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  the uk has n't taken in many refugees so i 'm not sure you 'd be forced to . 
  what the uk did was take refugees directly from camps in the middle east but obviously not in very large numbers . 
  your prime minister seems like she wants to join , and said that the norway deal is n't very good . 
  but they 're already contributing to the eu so how would that change anything ? 
  in practice , would would change if norway joined the eu ? 
  is n't it effectively part of the eu in all but name anyway ? 
  opposite for me . 
  i do n't mind vacuuming but i * hate * ironing with the burning passion of a thousand suns . 
  i do n't think of cooking as a chore . 
  yup . 
  except mine really is the best . 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  pug . 
  i actually love my dog to pieces . 
  it 's other people 's dogs that are n't great . 
  i have a dog . 
  they 're not that great . 
  i 'm guessing the dogs in eastern europe are used for fighting purposes only . 
  in my experience , although swedes are really pc when it comes to things like immigration they 're pretty blunt when it comes to everyday situations and will call a turd a turd . 
  it 's a big contrast to the way we do things in the uk . 
  i was going to post a blog on thelocal but then i remembered this sub does n't allow them - but i was reading an interesting one where a brit in stockholm found the ` bluntness ' of swedes to be shocking , and how people from other countries like the uk perceive it as rudeness when it is just honesty . 
  the dutch are the same . 
  one example he used was a trip to the dentist . 
  a british density might say ` oh it 's not so good ' . 
  a swedish dentist will say ` this is very bad ' . 
  brits think their media is too right-wing but they believe almost anything the sun and daily mail print anyway . . lol . 
  idiots . 
  the uk has a skills shortage , which is why we need immigration - at least for certain sectors . 
  hopefully these sectors will still be able to receive workers from abroad when we leave - whether these people want to move here after the damage our reputation has received is another matter entirely . 
  it 's pretty obvious people are choosing to stay away from the uk even before controls have been put in place . 
  immigrants as a whole contribute a lot in tax - more than they take out . 
  they also earn more , and tend to be better educated . 
  shrinking this pool of well-educated tax-contributing workers will definitely have an impact . 
  it is n't like germany taking in refugees because they think they will become scientists or something . 
  you 're more interested in ` hurr durr brits in spain ' than anything factual . 
  there is nothing further to discuss . 
  these places attract this kind of crowd on purpose and then moan like bitches when these people come . 
  pretty stupid . 
  if you 're not going to say anything useful then please fuck off . 
   it does n't matter if the average consumptions is going down , what matters is the number of louts abroad on reddit it should n't matter at all - i 'd expect people on here to have greater thinking skills than that . 
  maybe do a bit of research instead of making silly remarks . 
  what point is that supposed to prove ? 
  london has 8.6 million people - this is official . 
  its metro areas has more , but that is n't london . 
  what is it about , then ? 
  in leeds it varies . 
  some areas are really clean - spotless , even . 
  but other areas are quite dirty . 
  pretty much the nice areas tend to be clean and the poor areas tend to be dirty . 
  i think it just reflects the people living there . 
  the area i live in is n't dirty , but you 'll still see the occasional bottle or mcdonald 's wrapper on the side of a busy road . 
  the city centre is much cleaner than most suburbs in my experience . 
  brits do n't drink that much compared to many other countries though - and alcohol consumption has been falling for years . 
  still a lot of people who get pissed in city centres on saturday nights , but less so compared to a decade ago . 
  it 's true . 
  we litter a lot . 
  our country can be really disgusting in that regard . 
  i have no idea why people here are more likely to just throw their crap anywhere they want but it 's fucking irritating . 
  yeah , what a bunch of bitches . 
  can we please have a new country so we can slag them off instead ? 
  unless it 's ireland , because they 're just innocent little mites who need guidance in this big , scary world .
