  eh , many left wingers in the uk like merkel . 
  her party may be oficially centre-right but i 'd say they are more like labour than the tories . 
  a lot of what the tories do in the uk would n't be tolerated in germany . 
  he 's right though , is n't he ? 
  italy is probably the biggest economic basket case in the west , its gdp per capta is like 1 % higher now than in 2000 . 
  your country has been coughing and spluttering , barely avoiding crisis . 
  surely italians realise that their country has to change at some point . 
  that would explain why the sun and the daily mail are the two most popular newspapers in the uk then . 
  not this shit again . 
  most young people voted in the eu referendum . 
  given a final poll of polls in the uk showed leave winning , i 'm not sure what you 're saying is correct . 
  a remain vote was never considered ` in the bag ' . 
  why are italians so against reform , given how shit their country 's economy has performed for the past 30 years ? 
  i know - but he was making the case that old people were hippies or grew up around hippies so that 's why they were more likely to vote for the greens in austria , so i just made the point that we had hippies in the uk as well but they now vote for right-wing parties , so i doubt there 's a link between being a hippy in the 60s and how you vote now . 
  so why are old people in the uk , for example , significantly more likely to vote for populist parties , while young people vote for labour and the greens ? 
  young people also voted to remain overwhelmingly in the uk while older people voted to leave . 
  old people may have grown up with ` all the hippyish stuff ' but they grew up to be conservative blowhards , at least in the uk . 
  i read somewhere that french muslim , and german muslims , tend to be more liberal than british muslims because british muslims usually come from the very conservative rural areas of northern pakistan , whereas german and french muslims come from places like turkey and algeria which are ( or were ) a lot more liberal ( or less conservative ) . 
  canada stands out as the only developed country on that list where it 's more or less equal . 
  all the others have a clear majority thinking their country is on the wrong track . 
  fleeing danger is a fairly normal response in a lot of species , humans included . 
  i 'm happy to be called a coward though . 
  and , as this thread so clearly demonstrates , it 's also normal for humans to prioritise themselves and their family . 
  certainly , if push came to shove , 90 % of people commenting on here would do everything to get their family to safety , even if it was at the expense of someone else . 
  unfortunately , humans are rather selfish . 
  if my country was being bombed , or my life was in immediate danger , i 'd flee as well . 
  i value my life more than my country , and i do n't want to die . 
  sorry , but i 'm getting so sick of this idea that the lives of young men are disposable , that we should all be willing to put ourselves on the front line . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  do people on here just upvote/downvote randomly , or what ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  indeed . 
  according to a survey , 67.8 % of brits view sweden positively . 
  only countries we view more positively are ireland ( 68.9 % ) and spain ( 67.9 % ) . 
  likewise , sweden is apparently the 3rd most liked country worldwide , after canada and norway . 
  rest assured , swedes , your country is still admired globally . 
  okay , thank you for the clarification . 
  they realised that they accepted too many and could n't handle it . 
  better they take action now than never . 
  i suppose it is easier for them to get here than it is for us to send them back , especially if there is no documentation or we do n't know what country they came from . 
  people think sweden is ` insane ' because of its immigration policy . 
  it accepted 160,000 refugees in 2015 . 
  of course , the swedish government is now trying to reduce the number of refugees , and is trying to get more refugees to leave sweden . 
  theresa may will probably get the urge to introduce a similar law before too long . 
  probably around the time the scottish independence referendum became a serious idea . 
  everyone in the uk is looking out for their own interests , regardless of anyone or anything else . 
  he was not elected to give a shit what the rest of the country wants . 
  he is the mayor of london , not the mayor of england . 
  likewise , nicola sturgeon is the first minister of scotland , and was not elected to concern herself with issues affecting provincial england . 
  the mayor of london is going to prioritise london 's needs and interests . 
  it 's in the job description . 
  he is n't attempting to subvert the will of the british people - he is simply trying to secure the best position for london and its economy . 
  shit , i feel threatened just reading this . 
  the mayor of london is looking out for london 's best interests . 
  how is that ` arrogant ' ? 
  it 's what he was elected to do . 
  in 2004 , north east england rejected the chance to have a devolved assembly like london , so as a result it has no strong leadership fighting for its interests - meaning the government can screw it over easily . 
  that 's not london 's fault though . 
  they do very well on social progress indicators but less well on economic indicators . 
  i know that - i just thought i 'd mention it . 
  it just seems odd to me that it would go up the rankings so rapidly despite being below the czech republic only 3-4 years ago . 
  there does n't seem to be anything to suggest that our standard of living improved that much , unless you include the fact that kids now need to stay in school until 18 which for some reason is pretty important for a high hdi . 
  spain has never ranked * that * highly in comparison to other western european countries though , except portugal and italy . 
  even in 2007 , before the crisis began , it was joint 19th , so not much different to today . 
  21 out of 149 . 
  this is what westerners tend to forget - most of the world is really very poor . 
  how droll . 
  in fairness , the hdi is narrower - and whether or not some of its criteria is useful in determining living standards is questionable . 
  for example , the hdi places a lot of emphasis on years spent in schooling , which seems rather irrelevant to me . 
  the other two factors are gross national income per capita , and healthy life expectancy . 
  the us scores well on gni per capita and years in schooling , though it scores less well in terms of exam results ( which really should be more important ) . 
  the uk was 27th in 2013 but 14th in 2014 , which seems totally ridiculous and unrealistic at first glance . 
  yeah , there are loads of italians here - there 's been an italian community in the uk for decades actually , it 's definitely not only a recent thing . 
  i 'd guess there are fewer italians in scotland , as there are fewer immigrants in general . 
  us states have their own human development index . 
  connecticut is number 1 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_american_human_development_index, 
  i prefer them myself . 
  they look neat and tidy . 
  as with all rankings , there is a lot of year-to-year variability . 
  since the index was first created , denmark has gone from 7th , to 9th , to 4th , to 2nd for 3 years in a row , to 6th , to 4th , to 3rd , and back to 9th this year . 
  pretty much every country has gone up and down a lot . 
  even with the hdi , a lot of movement occurs . 
  the uk was 27th in 2013 but jumped to 14th in 2014 - the uk 's quality of life definitely did n't improve by that much , but they did alter their methodology a bit . 
  basically , i would n't place too much emphasis on them , and especially not on one single year . 
  scary man . 
  yup - australia has the world 's highest minimum wage i believe , so that 's an attractive quality , although sydney and melbourne are more expensive than british cities outside london , especially in terms of real estate . 
  the uk really is n't extremely expensive when you move away from the overheated se . 
  sydney is generally 20-30 % more expensive than where i live , purchasing power around 4 % higher . 
  london is even more expensive relative to where i live so that puts things into perspective a bit . 
  i 'm not really in a hurry to leave the uk because when looking at any quality of life survey the uk always scores well - it is n't horrible by any means . 
  on the 2016 prosperity index it was ranked 10th , not far below aus or canada . 
  most of the time i feel fairly fortunate to have been born here . 
  947 injured though - i bet a lot of people came very close to dying that day . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  i 'm guessing it 's to do with her ` praising ' diversity which therefore means people are right to celebrate the brutal killing of an innocent young woman ? 
  i 'm really not sure . 
  i was gon na do this you slag . 
  i 'm guessing ` strongly flowing ' is leeds ? 
  people did n't hate her . 
  she was incredibly involved in her local community - the place she was born and raised - and was thought of fondly by her local constituents .
