  simple manual labour and trade is often more secure than much white collar work nowadays . 
  okay - but let 's consider the kind of immigration . 
  london receives highly skilled immigrants in finance , law , it and other sectors . 
  many areas of england receive fruit pickers and warehouse workers . 
  there 's a substantial difference in terms of the contribution each type makes . 
  many of england 's most deprived areas have young populations anyway , so that is n't really an issue . 
  it 's just , they tend to be low-skilled . 
   they need to ditch nostalgia for old jobs that are n't coming back . 
  coal is dead , heavy industry is dead . 
  they need to be willing to accept education that is being offered to them and they need to be retrained . 
  they need to fix practical issues like drug abuse , teenage pregnancies and so on . 
  they need to vote for people who do n't demolish the welfare state and builds infrastructure . 
  i agree here , though the uk 's poorest usually vote labour . 
  i think they 'd be stupid to vote for the tories . 
  nope - but it would provide them with the ability to raise funds locally that might go some way to improving some of the problem that exist , like poor transport . 
  like i mentioned , some areas have recently been granted these powers , and have seen the benefits . 
  i really do n't know what you want these areas to do . 
  it 's all well and good pointing at them and calling them stupid , but what do you think they should do to improve their fortunes ? 
  what should a poor area of england do to attract more investment , that they already are n't ? 
  how are they supposed to attract private sector jobs ? 
  simply saying something is wrong is n't much help unless you are willing to lay out a plan to fix it . 
   these regions are responsible for their own situation . 
  they 're not though . 
  germany has federal states that have some degree of autonomy . 
  england does n't have that at all . 
  the regions of england are definitely not in control of their own destiny . 
  nobody is saying people in places like silicon valley are at fault . 
  many of the people in london were born elsewhere in the uk . 
  what people are saying is that there is very little a region like north east england can do to transform the fortunes of its economy . 
  it ca n't force companies to relocate there if they do n't want to . 
  it ca n't improve its transport links because that is the domain of westminster . 
  it ca n't stop graduates from leaving because they have no reason to stay . 
  some cities like manchester are benefiting now because some companies have relocated northwards due to cheaper costs - but this was off the back of a government initiative to make the north of england more competitive . 
  the govenrment has decided to pump money into the local transport network to make moving labour around easier . 
  they have decided to devolve powers to local areas so they have the ability to raise funds on their own . 
  they certainly could n't have done all of this without help from the government . 
  they 're supposed to be ` quality press ' . 
  telegraph , daily mail and associated rags - fuck off , you pieces of shit . 
  condoms are for loserz . 
  it 's the natural order of things . 
  being drunk and randy kind of goes hand-in-hand though . 
  she 's too weak to be the anti-merkel . 
  went out of the window in the 60s . 
  now it 's sex all the time . 
  you 're all the same to us . 
  we 've redeemed ourselves . . kind of : http://image.prntscr.com/image/68cc1ff952c5496988b9744e909ecbbd.png, 
  the big flag is starting to take shape now . 
  come on you fuckers , get it done . 
  but yeah , it 's a disaster . 
  i think we should just leave it because it 's actually kind of funny . 
  go france !, 
  i love that the uk is so irreligious . 
  does n't bother me . 
  i did vote remain though , so . . :-), 
  no need for him to answer when it poses no relevance to his post . 
  why do n't you fuck off ? 
  i cringed when i first saw this . 
  so stupid . 
   and how the fuck are any of the negatives being ` dealt with ' in the / r/uk ? 
  come on . 
  nothing positive is happening as a result of that sub . 
  its essentially a guardian article comment section . 
  of course it is n't . 
  the point i 'm making is that if people * in general * were more willing to tackle the negative things instead of ignoring them , these negative things might get dealt with . 
  their high approval rating is mostly down to labour being incompetent more than anything . 
  indeed , polling has consistently shown that the british public support nationalisation of major industries , and supportive of things like rent caps , and are fiercely against * any * privatisation of the nhs . 
  in fact , the only area where brits tend to be more right-wing , in my experience , is immigration . 
  i do n't think they 're right-wing in general . 
  the tories - and may herself - are just fortunate that the opposition are often disorganised/incompetent/self-destructive , as we saw during the 80s and 90s when they elected a bunch of hopeless leaders resulting in nearly 20 years of tory rule . 
  when they get a good leader like blair , they ( the tories ) are toast . 
  politics is mostly a personality parade . 
  how you say something is usually more important than what you actually say . 
  all he did was list things about the uk that were n't particularly good . 
  i think it 's better generally to focus on the negatives instead of the positives , so the negatives can be dealt with instead of brushed under the carpet because it 's ` depressing ' . 
  oh , and i was recently banned from / r/uk because i argued against scottish independence so i 'm fully aware of what a shitty sub it can be . 
  oh please . 
  you are giving the woman far too much credit . 
  sure , but at the same time , the us began air strikes in syria without the uk . 
  we were reluctant to join - though france was more than willing . 
  indeed , it seems france has been more of a partner to the us than the uk in recent years . 
  i doubt it . 
  that pattern does n't really exist in the uk . 
   she sent the message that you do n't bluff around that and ambushed him in his own press conference that behind the doors he was saying he was backing it 100 % . 
  she pulled the metaphoric choke chain on him , not the other way around . 
  see , we have no way of knowing if that 's what actually happened . 
  trump may never have been serious about abandoning nato . 
  may is n't that influential or convincing . 
  certainly when she speaks i do n't get the impression of a woman of authority . 
  sure it is , but our contribution to anything is likely to be very limited . 
  if the us wanted to invade a foreign country , it would n't need our help . 
  it might look better if we tagged along , but it would n't be necessary . 
  conversely , if the uk wanted to invade a foreign country , it would absolutely need help from the us , because at the moment we simply do not have the capability to do anything like that on our own . 
  yes , it is primarily a one-way street . 
  we need them more than they need us , hence we get on our knees to service them . 
  schlurp schlurp schlurp . 
  the uk only just spends 2 % of its gdp on military . 
  we are not a serious military partner for anyone . 
  we can barely defend our own waters ffs . 
  i wish this country would stop sucking up to the us . 
  it 's very embarrassing .
