  if it is , then surely he would n't have much of a mandate to get rid of it ? 
  same with same-sex adoption . 
  it would be shame imo if these things were removed . 
  fillon does n't seem wonderful , but if he can beat le pen i 'll support him ( though living in the uk my support is obviously useless , lol ) . 
  you might want to stick to / r/leagueoflegends - you appear out of your depth here . 
  caliber seems to be a user who joined only today in order to post ` swedenistan ' shit . 
  probably best to ignore him . 
  yup - as long as it does n't go full retard and start flirting with populist right-wing nonsense like americans have . 
  would much rather be there than here . 
  seems to be working though - or something is working to deter more refugees from going to sweden . 
  improb is probably referring to the big increase in rough sleepers and people who are unable to feed themselves or die from malnutrition or the reintroduction of absolute poverty . 
  yeah - but that 's the thing . 
  they got into power and had to moderate and tone down nearly everything . 
  they probably wo n't need to vote for any alt right party if their government is seen as cracking down on refugees . 
  the number of refugees entering sweden this year will be more cut by more than half of what it was last year , so at the very least the ruling coalition knows people are increasingly unhappy and is doing something about it . 
  there are no other alt right parties in finland as far as i can see . 
  yup , and their government is even paying refugees to leave - but still , they seem less reluctant to vote for the alt right . 
  and in the case of finland , true finns have seen their popularity plummet when they got into power . 
  their polling numbers have fallen from something like 18 % to 8 % . 
  oh yeah , i forgot about spain and portugal . 
  you guys were dictatorships until the 70s though so it 's no wonder you are reluctant to embrace this kind of crap . 
  seems a bit cheeky to include labour because some people associated with it support russia . 
  that is definitely not the party 's official stance . 
  i wish i lived in germany . 
  not only do you guys have an amazing country with some of the best cities in europe but you have political stability with a strong leader and a populace that says ` no ' to far-right populism . 
  germany , and maybe a few others like sweden , canada and finland , will soon be the only western countries who have n't self-imploded . 
   what does work only 1 thing works these days - appeasement . 
  the only way we can stave off the advancement of far-right populism is appeasing people 's fears - whether they are legitimate or not . 
  rational , calm and level-headed debate simply does n't work anymore - people do n't want to know . 
  facts are not useful because they are dismissed as ` bullshit ' or ` being faked by the liberal elites ' or similar nonsense . 
  we are at a stage where these people believe what they believe and nothing will change their mind . 
  i have first-hand experience with these people and they really are not interested in what you have to say . 
  but still very different genetically to big brother sweden . 
  he did n't mention scandinavia though , just nordic . 
  i have a friend in szczecin and he is pretty despondent regarding the polish government . 
  stuff like this makes it worse . 
  wow , completely forgot about that . 
  europe 's deadliest terror attack - in a country that is otherwise sheltered from islamic extremism . 
  but finland . . 
  i like them - but i like anything christmas-related , tacky or otherwise . 
  it 's the only time of year that i look forward to . 
  people attack me for ` running our country down ' . . and you wonder why when shit like this happens . 
  christmas markets in the uk are opening now as well - including the one here in leeds . 
  christmas lights are switched on too . 
  yes , probably . 
  no government yet has really tackled those issues though so do n't expect much progress . 
  a bit harsh - the uk needs migration , but it is n't necessarily because britons are stupid - it 's because otherwise we 'd have a skills gap that ca n't be filled by the native population alone . 
  well , i 'm not - and your concern on my behalf is not wanted or needed . 
  yeah - and muslims in europe who want to impose sharia law on everyone have no such authority . 
  so you can sleep easy tonight . 
  europe is n't doomed just yet . 
  it 's like , there was a thread on here at one point showing dominant religions in london - green meant islam . 
  this was the top voted comment :  please note to those wondering that the green areas are not no-go zones . 
  parliament exercises full control in those areas and you will not be beaten by the religious police if you drink alcohol in public . 
  quite sad that even needs stating but this is where we are in 2016 . 
  i was n't comparing ideologies though - i was making the point that harshly judging an entire demographic based on what a minority of them do , is stupid . 
  this article is about the muslim prison population - it is n't about their opinions regarding gay people or whether or not they want to kill them , or any other ideological beliefs they may have ( and i 'm gay so in your mind i should be more concerned than you are - even though i 'm not , at all ) . 
  most muslims in the uk are not criminals . 
  and , more to the point , muslim immigration to the uk is already low because you need to earn over # 35,000 a year to move here if you 're from outside the eu - this is n't the 1960s when people from the colonies were given british passports . 
  the muslim population is growing so fast because they have so many kids . 
  you can see this on a local level - cities with a lot of muslims like bradford have low levels of inward migration but very high birthrates - hence its population grows due to high birthrates . 
  as i 've said countless times , they 're not going anywhere , so crying like a little bitch is n't going to change anything . 
  making muslims the new 21st century social pariah is going to achieve precisely nothing ( unless your goal is to inspire even more young muslims to fight for isis ) . 
  even if you believe that to be true , i 've seen countless people on here defending neo-nazis as having the freedom to express themselves without fear of persecution . 
  would you agree with that ? 
  so . . yes . 
  that is all you had to say . 
  so you want to start treating muslims as equal to nazis ? 
  good . 
  muslims are the worst . 
  ( if they 're not muslims then i apologise - muslims are the the ` in vogue ' group to hate right now ), 
  no , it 's totally reasonable . 
  banning an entire group of people from entering your country because a minority of them do bad things is definitely reasonable . 
  no doubt about it . 
  singling out and vilifying millions of people - who are going nowhere , by the way - is bound to work out positively in the end . 
  people really respond well to being told they do n't belong somewhere . 
  while we 're on the subject , i also suggest banning men from teaching young children because they are prone to pedophilia . 
  andrea ledsom was right to say she would n't hire a male nanny . 
  why take the risk , right ? 
  might piss off those annoying ` not all men ' people , but meh - whatever . 
  oh , and we should probably ban black people from coming here as well , because they are even more over-represented in prisons and crime figures than muslims and asians in general . 
  let 's make europe pure and white again . 
  oh , but wait - certain european groups like poles and romanians commit more crime relative to their population , so they ca n't come here either . 
  better send them all back . 
  i think the best course of action is no immigration at all , ever . 
  honestly - people like you just reaffirm the ruling classes in their thinking that the ` lower classes ' can only express themselves in the most vulgar of ways . 
  no wonder they look down on us with such contempt and disdain . 
  but that 's often the case - i , and many others , have more faith in brussels than westminster . 
  i have no faith in the latter at all anymore , and to be honest i never really did . 
  just because a law is british does n't make it better , sovereign or not . 
  eh , not really - the uk has been violating the privacy of its population for years . 
  nothing new here . 
  thing is , i can well imagine the majority of people in the uk supporting this . 
  they seem to support a lot of really stupid things and i can not for the life of me figure out why . 
  fair point . 
  in the uk , whites make up 88 % of the population , blacks 3 % of the population and asians 6 % of the population . 
  for comparison , whites make up 72 % of the prison population , blacks 15 % and asians 7 % . 
  the asian grouping in the uk does not include chinese , japanese or korean , only those from the indian sub-continent ( india , pakistan , bangladesh ) . 
  so , asians and blacks are over-represented in crime and prisons generally , everyone knew this , though blacks are by far the most over-represented , with asians not so much . 
  so crime seems to be more of an issue in the black community than the asian community .
