  kids in kiev get a car swing ? 
  lucky !, 
  i only had a boring normal swing as a kid . 
  do n't forget the french paradox . 
  i suspect labour will ` return ' to its working-class roots and the urban liberals will just go back to voting for the lib dems . 
  i love stockholm so much it hurts . 
   and would you eat your fish and chips while drinking 5 o'clock tea ? 
  yes . 
   an ordinary working day so . . you actually * will * be drunk ? 
  i live in leeds and you 'll see groups of furries walking around occasionally . 
  they have meets every so often . 
  kids get their pictures taken with them . 
  i live in leeds and i 've seen groups of people walking around in animal costumes . 
  kids actually get their pictures taken with them , lol . 
  with silly people . 
  we had one coalition in how many years ? 
  in many other european countries coalitions are the norm . 
  the uk has * returned * to two-party politics . 
  this is the norm for the uk . 
  because you 're claiming that people who are not white ca n't be british , so i selected two people who are n't white but are british . 
  engage your brain before posting please . 
  if north korea fires missiles * near * guam without hitting guam then no , nato members are not obliged at all to assist the us in whatever they decide to do next . 
   that 's why they win . 
  i barely have to pay attention to the cat . 
  why get a cat then if you do n't want to pay attention to it ? 
  usually below germany then . 
  you know what he meant though . 
  uk is always below germany . 
  but again , british people do n't view things in those terms . 
  very few people would go up to someone of indian descent , who speaks with a yorkshire accent , and say ` you are not british and never will be ' - because it 's nonsense . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's like the people who clap their hands when people get raped or assaulted in prison . 
  i mean , what the fuck ? 
  i understand that some people are evil , but that is n't the kind of thing we should be encouraging in civil societies . 
  being british is n't about having a certain skin colour . 
  you can go on and on about it all you want but it does n't change anything . 
   you ca n't seriously believe that north korea is now justifying what they have been doing for decades because of mean words from trump ? 
  not at all . 
  i am saying that harsh rhetoric achieves nothing - at least , it achieves nothing good . 
   oh my god . 
  they literally have nuclear weapons that can now reach the west coast . 
  10 yrs down the line they can probably strike the uk . 
  you are seriously undermining their capabilities . 
  they can already strike tokyo , seoul , beijing and now guam . 
  they have fully functioning icbms . 
  they could even sell the technology off to nations like iran . 
  do you want iran getting a nuclear weapon too ? 
  i am not undermining their capabilities at all . 
  i am saying they have no intentions of launching a preemptive nuclear attack on any country , because they have nothing to gain from doing so - their nuclear arsenal will act in the same way as it does with every other country who has one - a deterrent and nothing more . 
  do you seriously think north korea wants to fire nuclear missiles at los angeles ? 
  this is fantasy . 
  attacking north korea has no upsides at all - there will be no positive outcome from doing so . 
  you get rid of one despot and replace him with another , and countless people have to die in the process . 
  not at all . 
  south asians have been part of british culture for decades . 
  british people do n't think in your terms . 
  millennials are more right-wing than baby boomers on economic matters , but much more left-wing on social matters , at least here in the uk . 
  same is true of generation z. 
  18-19 year olds in the uk voted 66 % for labour in the election , and labour support falls as you advance through the age groups , albeit not significantly . 
  55 % of 30-39 year olds voted labour . 
  north korea is n't going to attack the us . 
  it is n't even going to attack guam . 
  doing nothing is better than doing something bad . 
  countless countries violate human rights all the time - including supposed allies of the west . 
  and it 's too late for that now - they have nuclear warheads and probably can attach them to an icbm . 
  the least-bad option is to simply do nothing and accept it . 
  north korea does n't want to nuke the us , you fucking idiot . 
  they are never going to launch a first-strike attack . 
  world leaders certainly have no faith in donald trump . 
  if obama was still president you know this would n't be happening . 
  if that 's true then i do n't blame them . 
  if the uk was invaded i 'd do the same thing . 
  insightful response , thanks . 
  these are the dickheads who leave horses tied to posts in the middle of council estates . 
  it 's a nice article about a refugee family actually doing what people want them to do - and that is to integrate . 
  some of you really are cunts that will pick flaws in everything . 
  they have n't lost their mind - they just are n't willing to elect an unappealing political party solely because of immigration , as people on the street have other concerns as well that do n't revolve around one specific issue . 
  sure , like ukip had more to their manifesto than immigration and the eu . 
  that 's all people knew about them though . 
  take that , ill old lady !, 
  haha !, 
  yeah , it 's very tasty . 
  soft and creamy , and slightly sweet . 
  sweden is deporting a lot of afghan refugees right now as well . 
  there was even a protest in stockholm because of it . 
  because electing a populist party solely for their stance on immigration while ignoring everything else is pretty stupid . 
  he 's right though . 
  there are so many people in this sub who are literally obsessed with immigration and refugees , to the point that nothing else whatsoever is even remotely important and you must shoehorn it in to absolutely every discussion you possibly can . 
  you must realise by now that even people who do give a shit about it are n't as fanatically obsessed with it as you are . 
  so what people are allowed to visit and what people are n't ? 
  because to limit it , you 're going to have to tell some people that they 're not welcome there . 
  guess the left are n't exactly in peril in sweden . 
  tourists out of my city !, 
  but i 'll still go to other cities and be tourists there , because i 'm not the same as the rest of them . 
  wensleydale with cranberries . 
  mmmm . 
  nah , probably referring to the way people either do n't care or actually sympathise with the neo-nazis . 
  this sub is a trash heap at times . 
  for london i 'd say it 's generally the case but not strictly . 
  there are some areas on that map that are red that i think are perfectly fine ( such as battersea and hammersmith ) .
