  i might be crossing the line here but i would spit on their grave given half the chance . 
  loon is accurate though . 
  uk has shit electoral system . 
  being dumb, 
  they are lying . 
  you ca n't prove that go be fair . 
  no , i just realise that i 'm better than you . 
  for example , you put spaces between punctuation marks . 
  why do you do this ? 
  i 'm not self-hating . 
  i actually admire myself a lot . 
  it 's the rest of the country that 's bloody awful . 
  if they 're better at it , or just as good , then no it is not . 
  who is she , and why should we care ? 
  you were wrong because you 're stupid . 
  you ought to be used to it by now . 
  it certainly is n't , but the advantage countries like the uk have for having english as their official language is certainly disappearing given many non-native speakers are able to speak english just as well if not better . 
  we are a joke , but brits themselves tend to be oblivious to this . 
  i 'm sure there is - my post was a joke . 
  i could n't care less either way . 
  the eu has my full support in this endeavour . 
  i am a traitor to my country and i wear that badge with pride and honour . 
  i sincerely hope that the uk gets the worst possible deal , and i hope we suffer tremendously as a result . 
  fuck the uk !, 
  soon to be replaced by an invisible mosque . 
   i agree macrons talking too much & that le pen is lying but i see her doing the same thing trump did . 
  right , but you are surely not stupid enough to fall for it . 
  whether other people are is enough question entirely . 
  france is n't a socialist country though , and ps are not socialists . 
  they are a centre-left party and are committed to the free-market economy . 
  i do n't know why people find this confusing . 
  just because they have the word ` socialist ' in the name does n't mean they are literally socialist . 
  temperature has no relevance to the strength of the sun , either - you can be burnt just as badly at 10c as at 25c if the uv index is the same . 
  for example , today was 16c , and the uv index was 6 , so pale people ( most brits ) certainly should consider putting on sunscreen even if it is n't actually hot . 
  oh , well if it 's that obvious then i apologise . 
  yes , so pretty much what i said . 
  one poll showed them dropping from 47 to 44 ( and labour moving from 28 to 31 ) , but most have them around 46-48 . 
  one showed 50 . 
  nah , she 's just a cunt . 
   i hope the british people do n't fall for her blatant manipulation . 
  oh but they will . 
  hook , line and sinker . 
  people eat this ` us versus them ' shit up . 
  guys , i 'm so sorry . 
  we 're not all lunatics . 
  fuck me this country is embarrassing right now . 
  i still do n't know what we 're supposed to have achieved by going through all of this . 
  then we are well and truly fucked . 
  people say mean things about other people all the time in english media . 
  there are entire articles dedicated to discrediting other individuals . 
   he was n't the only pro-european in the campaign but was the only pro-european candidate with an actual shot of becoming president . 
  well , fillon as well , but he is n't particularly pro-european and is far too much of a thatcherite anyway . 
  and some of us just align more with macron and his third way style of politics anyway . 
  some of us like blair and obama ( or at least their politics ) . 
  this is the map that seems a little loose with its definition of terrorism . 
  in the end it makes no difference , we will get what we are given or walk away with nothing . 
  simple as that . 
  this kind of pointless rhetoric will win may votes , but that 's it . 
  fuck you guys . 
  renzi was exactly what italy needed - much more so than france needs macron , given italy has been a basket case for the past 20 years or longer . 
  i always thought that figure was inflated or inaccurate . 
  the official 2015 estimate for french nationals living in the uk was 153,000 . 
  simple : other people are more concerned about different things . 
  a majority of french people might be concerned about immigration , but probably not concerned enough to consider voting for le pen , and they will have other priorities in mind , such as the economy . 
  one of the things macron will be judged the most on is his ability to push through economic reform . 
  the problem with people like / u/downtheechochamber is that they 're fundamentally one-dimensional , much like le pen herself , and seem unable or unwilling to consider other issues that do not revolve around immigration , ethnicity or identity ( which is ironic , since the left are usually accused of being obsessed with identity ) , and a result seem unprepared or poorly prepared for addressing those other issues . 
  they are one-trick ponies , and seem to offer very little beyond appealing soundbites concerning the ethnic cleansing of native europeans . 
  they seem to forget that being a leader of a country requires a lot more thought and energy than that . 
  it requires dealing with * several * issues , not just immigration . 
  if le pen gets elected and stops all muslim immigration , but france 's economy gets worse , unemployment rises and growth slows considerably , you are very naive or foolish if you think the french people will be content and happy just because no more muslims would move there . 
  to the casual observer , it just comes across as odd , to place this much emphasis on one single issue above all others . 
  great . 
  not happening though . 
  i mean , if they want it , then they should go for it - but they do n't want it , so they wo n't . 
  nor will they ever . 
  scotland is n't leaving , nor will it ever . 
   you did n't answer my questions . 
  and i 'm not going to . 
  macron is the winner , and le pen is the loser . 
  get over it . 
   probably more concerned that a lunatic murdered her . 
  probably more concerned that their child is dead . 
  not everyone wants to politicise death . 
  i 'm sure that girl 's parents are so thrilled that random lunatics on the internet are posting pictures of her mutilated body all over the place . 
  current numbers with 96 % counted : macron 23.9 le pen 21.4 fillon 19.9 m\u00e9lenchon 19.5 pretty accurate . 
  poor bby . 
  yes , exactly . 
  she can win next time !, 
  just off the top of my head i can think of a number of places outside of london that voted remain . 
  lol, 
  she is pragmatic and levelheaded . 
  cherish her . 
  wilders too . 
  as well as rich . 
  come on macron you sexy man . 
  you can do it !, 
  lol , this made me laugh . 
  it will only be more of the same if his plans are constantly blocked . 
  poor old coot probably does n't even know what year it is . 
  she needs mental help .
