  then the french gay community is very , very different to the british gay community . 
  you do n't see gay people in london voting en masse for far-right parties because they 're ` concerned ' about their safety even though london is over 12 % muslim - with some parts over 30 % . 
  i have no idea why people in france are apparently more reactionary than brits , but it 's very unusual . 
  if le pen is elected in france and gay people 's rights are curbed as a result , then it 's what they deserve . 
  it will just be another example of people voting against their own self-interests . 
  it will be especially stupid since the muslim population in france will continue to grow anyway , due to birth rates ( as it will in every western european country ) . 
  people voting for far-right parties to turn back the clock 50 years are fighting a losing battle because it just ai n't happening . 
  muslims are here , they 're not going anywhere . 
  okie dokie then . 
  i call stupid people stupid . 
  we live in an era of hypersensitivity , where any criticism is taken as an affront , so people do n't react kindly to this . 
  still stupid . 
  the national front do n't give a fucking shit about gay people or their welfare , they 'll just be the next group to get thrown under the bus should they be elected . 
  more fool any gay people who think she 'll save them from ` immigrant youths ' . 
  i hope your cousin realises that the far-right and muslims have more in common than they 'd care to admit . 
  gay people voting for such populist parties are so fucking stupid , and i say this as a gay person . 
  our violent crime rate fell throughout the 2000s despite a big increase in the number of non-europeans . 
  piss off back to where you come from you stupid american . 
  interesting . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  piss off back to where you come from you stupid american . 
  this is what americans do all the time , except replace the us with ` the world ' . 
  can we please just ban americans from this sub ? 
  no idea why they are so obsessed with european affairs . 
  please piss off . 
  yes , exactly . 
   this is not tactical voting , this is choosing the less of two evils if a socialist votes for a centre-right candidate to prevent a far-right candidate from winning , i consider it tactical voting . 
  americans have to be the best at everything . 
  do n't waste your time arguing with them . 
  90 % of them are thick as pig shit . 
  look at the 2002 election - chirac got 20 % in the first tound , le pen 's father got 17 % . 
  second round , chirac got 82 % and le pen 18 % . 
  people voted tactically to prevent le pen from winning , particularly members of the socialist party who were told by lionel jospin to vote for chirac . 
  the english pound pound would be a better choice , yes . 
  if you do n't think immigration is the be all and end all , you more than likely wo n't see the first two things as positives . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  in the 60s and 70s , yes . 
  a lot of people from india , pakistan , jamaica etc arrived . 
  they 've been present in the uk for quite a long time now . 
  alright then . 
   what works for the uk does not work for germany . 
  you do n't even speak german , you can not possibly know what is good for this country . 
  ethnic diversity is comp good point - and i suppose the 60 % + of germans who intend on voting for either cdu or spd do n't either . 
  they 're the people you need to ramble endlessly at , not me . 
  i ai n't interested . 
  you 're going to be really angry when either merkel or schulz are elected , are n't you ? 
  you have totally convinced me . 
   if that 's the case , why not let justice run its course instead of making rash judgments on all police just because you `` feel '' something . 
  yeah , but when did i make ` rash judgements ' on all police officers ? 
  that is not what i 'm doing at all . 
  i 'm simply saying that the police * can * be in the wrong * sometimes * and that * some * of their actions * can * escalate tensions in * certain * situations . 
  that is all . 
  of course , there are situations where you get people who just want to burn things and loot - like in the london riots . 
  more right now i 'd guess since continental countries are taking in more refugees than we are . 
  historically , probably around the same . 
  in the uk , we were wondering why london 's schools are the best in the country . 
  turns out ethnic diversity is partly the reason , since ethnic minorities like bangladeshis and pakistanis do better in exam results than the natives . 
   previous research from cmpo showed that white british pupils achieve the lowest gcse scores relative to their attainment at age 11 , which this study confirms for 2013 . 
  combined with the fact that this group make up 34 per cent of year 11 pupils in london compared to 84 per cent in the rest of england , researchers say the background to the result is clear . 
  the reason for this is obvious - parents from third world countries are more encouraging of their child 's academic ambitions , at least in the uk . 
  the demographic with the worst education record in the uk is . . low-income white boys . 
  why ethnic minorities on the continent do worse than the ones in the uk is anyone 's guess . 
  what ? 
  as long as afd remain insignificant that 's all that matters . 
  yeah but the tensions are clearly all down to bad muslim youth . 
  police could never do anything to escalate a bad situation even more . 
  you must never question authority . 
  not even once . 
  you 're arguing with an american who probably thinks they 're an expert on european affairs . 
  you wo n't achieve anything . 
  exactly . 
  i asked that because orban clearly does n't like the eu - so should n't he be trying to get hungary to leave ? 
  i guess he 'd be happier for his country to be like ukraine or belarus , aligned with russia . 
  lmao, 
  and what our government does is n't necessarily reflective of what people want . 
  tony blair receives plenty of shit for his decision back then so do n't worry . 
  that 's because tony blair was rapidly pro-eu . 
  he still thinks the uk should have joined the euro , can you believe it !, 
  someone living on a basic state pension in the uk is wealthier than 80 % of the world . 
  i grew up in a poor household - we always had food , we had the internet and satellite tv , we had clean water with a roof over our head and central heating . 
  sure , it sometimes sucks when you 're poor in a rich country , but most working class people in the uk are n't suffering unduly . 
  most of them manage just fine . 
  my entire family is working class and none of them have terrible lives , or even bad lives . 
  they 're poor , but they 're not really struggling - they just have to be more cautious with spending . 
  one of my cousins recently bought a house with her boyfriend and they both work at a supermarket and do n't earn a lot ( that 's the good thing about not living in london or the se - you can afford to buy a house on a lower income ) . 
  i 'm hoping the french people will see the shit happening here and in the us and decide against it . 
  most people will be adamant that it was all worth it because people do n't like to admit they were wrong , but it 's not worth it . 
  it just is n't . 
  hold on to your political and economic stability ( well , i know france is n't a shining example of that but you do n't want it to be worse ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is n't . 
  london or leicester surely take that title . 
  yeah , the unionist areas of northern ireland are more conservative . 
  not really surprising - look at the dup . 
  k then, 
  yeah , though that margin would still have been enough to vote us out of the eu . 
  and people are entitled to call other opinions stupid , if they so wish . 
  as a gay man , i 'm certainly not comfortable with the idea that my ` rights ' can be revoked on a whim depending on the prevailing public opinion , but i suppose that 's what life is like when you 're a member of a minority group . 
  i 'm just a sick perversion to many people . 
  bearing in mind that some of these places are wards , others are constituencies . 
  not all local authorities have ward-level data available .
