  a publication can be as impartial as they want but they all follow a certain ideology . 
  look at the financial times - probably the best one out there , but nearly all of their articles are against brexit . 
  i have no idea why right-wingers believe that they are above mocking those who do n't conform to their point of view , when in reality that is * all * they do . 
  the only difference is that right-wing views are probably more dominant at this moment in time . 
  so you think publications go down hill when they start putting out content that disagrees with you politically and economically ? 
  wow , what a fucking shocker . 
  liverpool is much safer than other major british cities - certainly much safer than london and manchester . 
  i 'm not sure why they chose liverpool in this particular case . 
  i ca n't speak for left-wing news outlets but i was very happy to see our ` special relationship ' wane - finally , the uk developed a backbone and did n't always side with the us on foreign policy matters . 
  that will no doubt change . 
  may knows our position is very weak so will whore herself out to anyone willing . 
  as for the george orwell quote - that is rather fitting for me . 
  i 'm definitely not an intellectual but i have no pride in being english , and refuse to identify as english . 
  why on earth would i want to identify with something that is championed by cunts like paul nuttall ? 
  i would n't piss on these people if they were on fire . 
  yeah , well , i reiterate - reddit is not the world . 
  there are absolutely europeans who think americans are idiots , but most do n't . 
  sweden has a very low incarceration rate . 
  its ok bby . 
  come to mama . 
  so you want everyone to vote for far-right parties ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  but the uk does n't - and did n't - have miss immigration from third world countries . 
  we have - and still have - mass immigration from eu countries . 
  the largest source of non-eu immigration to the uk is students ( and it 's debatable whether they should be included in immigration figures at all ) . 
  sweden 's situation does not apply to the uk in any way . 
   it 's generally part-and-parcel of liberal party policies not in the uk it is n't . 
  sweden 's ` mass immigration ' is pretty much sweden accepting refugees in large numbers . 
  this has never been the case in the uk and no major party has ever advocated this . 
  nah , you 're just a cunt . 
  but you 're british , so that 's to be expected . 
  british people are fucking disgusting . 
  obama was very popular in europe . 
  he did a lot to fix your reputation - although it was always a hatred of american foreign policy rather than americans themselves . 
  seriously , you 'll be fine . 
  online comments are usually not representative of wider public sentiment . 
  it 's true that our view of the us is less favourable than it was a decade ago , but there 's still this notion of an anglosphere . 
  sweden , norway , england and switzerland are growing very fast . 
  uh , yes - that 's kind of my point . 
  he may well have . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  i suspect an impartial and unbiased president would n't want to favour the uk or punish it unduly . 
  that 's interesting . 
  in my mind it is n't . 
  trump has ulterior motives for giving the uk a good deal . 
  obama had no such motives . 
  trump is doing what he thinks is best for him . 
  i do n't think the uk and us are culturally very similar . 
  people seem to assume this automatically because we share a language , but language aside i think we have more cultural similarities with somewhere like the netherlands than the us . 
  who fucking cares though ? 
  this obsession brits have with the us and wanting the two countries to be best friends forever is incredibly annoying and makes us look pathetic and weak , like lost toddlers who need help and direction . 
  david cameron was a weak leader who only managed to win by looking good by comparison ( i.e the opposition were worse ) . 
  he did no favours for the uk . 
  get on your knees , may . 
  your new master awaits . 
  eh , more people still leave ireland for the uk than vice versa . 
  most of them end up in london . 
  ireland can make its gdp per capita higher by attracting loads of multinationals but that does n't make the people living there any richer , and i can safely say , as a resident of an ignored uk region , that is n't the kind the kind of future i want for where i live . 
  that london being the most affluent part of the uk has no bearing on its teenage pregnancy rate . 
  london 's exam results are also the best in the country , so i 'm not sure that 's true either . 
  the rate of teenage pregnancy fell to its lowest level on record recently anyway , so people are not as stupid as they used to be . 
  yay for us . 
  a lot of people are that stupid , yes . 
  teenage pregnancy rates in london are well above the uk average , for what it 's worth . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  evidently not . 
  dumb bitch, 
  sure , why not . 
  nope . 
  most of us are living pretty comfortably . 
  sure , london accounts for a massive percentage of the uk 's economy , but this does n't equate to the rest of the uk being poor . 
  less productive would be more accurate . 
  even as an anti-brexit , self-loathing brit , i 'm getting really sick of people on here shitting on my country all the time . 
  really , what gives ? 
  do you only post on the europe sub because you hate being british ? 
  it 's considered very young to have a baby at 21/22 in the uk . 
  they 're adults . 
  i really do n't understand why people insist on grouping them with high school students . 
   the uk is honestly a lot poorer than most people realise . 
  london 's monstrous economy really distorts the countries stats . 
  a better explanation is that fewer teenagers in the uk practice safe sex , probably because our sex education is n't very good , or not as good as it in similar countries . 
  the rest of the uk without london and the south east has a gdp per capita similar to that of spain or italy , but spain and italy do n't have particularly high teenage pregnancy rates . 
  this whole ` the uk outside of london is really poor and depressed ' spiel is getting really damn old . 
  no they do n't . 
  the uk is truly an exceptionally dull country even by northern european standards . 
  combine the dreary weather with the hideous , poorly dressed and usually overweight population who spit on the street , litter-strewn pavements , emptying high streets , high living costs , piss-stained walls , and a ` work work work ' / ` i 'm alright jack ' mentality and you have one seriously drab and depressing place to live . 
  there 's a reason the only people wanting to live here are from countries that are even worse , and why the uk has a higher percentage of its population living abroad than nearly every other developed country . 
  the uk is just a bit shit , and british people are quite awful . 
  there is nothing worse than bumping into another brit abroad - they are almost always cunts . 
  possibly the worst thing about brexit from my perspective is that i may well end up stuck on this pathetic island forever . 
  looks like here . 
  have n't seen the sun for a few days . 
  ermahgerd how dare u say something bad about israel u anti-semite, 
  in the uk it 's going to be in double-digits . 
  winter ? 
  what winter ? 
  at least she was chosen as opposed to some gross pale white woman . 
  those are just my preferences tho . 
  google streetview seems to be updated every other month here . 
  most recently in october 2016 .
