  and , you know , the other places that voted remain . . like most major cities . 
  i wonder if the uk would be higher without northern ireland ? 
  he 's really sensitive about criticism of estonia or anything that portrays estonia in a negative light . 
  the uk is a very good country to live in for gay people . 
  some places are objectively worse . 
  why does this bother you ? 
   ... right . 
  you make it sound like brexit = support for ethnic cleansing . 
  not * quite * as bad as that . 
  even an articulate and respectable individual must have severe flaws if they support brexit . 
  very worrying sign - a red flag , even . 
  yeah but he supports brexit . . this is an unreasonable position from the get-go so makes any further discussion extremely difficult . 
  i do n't remember - it was cited on a blog i came across . 
  i 'll try and find it . 
  but yeah , there are a lot of variables at play . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would think trucidator is a sensible commentator . 
  the difference is . . the dutch live in the netherlands , and we live in the uk . 
  if the dutch lived here , they 'd be depressing as well , because the uk is a depressing place . 
   i 'm not up for debating it but same sex adoption is still a pretty extreme viewpoint for regular people . 
  not in the uk . 
  a majority of people support same-sex adoption . 
  i suppose it might be an extreme viewpoint if you live in an intolerant country like poland where people hate gays and brown people . 
  i saw a study in the us that claimed children raised by lesbian couples do better than children raised by straight couples , but i forget where . 
  i think wealth will have a lot to do with it . 
  that 's interesting , but it does n't stop them from being racist idiots who would vote for geert wilders . 
  because every country has racist/xenophobic cunts . 
  we just happen to have fewer relative to our population . 
  our vote to leave the eu does n't make us more xenophobic or racist . 
  countries like france and the netherlands are much more racist . 
  same in the uk . 
  madrid frequently gets colder than london . 
  i do n't find it surprising at all . 
  continental european countries are very racist and they hate anyone who is n't descended from europeans . 
  that same sentiment is n't as widespread in the uk . 
  i mean , for fuck 's sake - geert wilder 's party will probably receive the largest share of votes in the netherlands this year and there is a genuine possibility that marine le pen will become the french president . 
  that would be like the bnp winning here , let alone ukip , but there is no chance of that happening . 
  even in countries like denmark and sweden the far-right parties poll at over 20 % . 
  the uk is not an intolerant country at all . 
  not only is it one of the least racist countries in europe , it is also one of the least homophobic . 
  spain always does well on these rankings too - the spanish make other europeans look like dumb rednecks . 
  if it 's le pen vs macron then i think macron will win , but time will tell . 
  i think people underestimate just how many people do * not * want marine le pen as president . 
  it is n't even like trump running under the banner of a more respectable party . 
  he wo n't enter a coalition with anyone else and nobody else will enter a coalition with him . 
  otoh , if le pen wins , she would n't need to form a coalition with anyone . 
  uh , yeah - the terrorism risk in the uk is no lower than it is in germany . 
  it 's a combination of good intelligence agencies and luck that we 've avoided one ( and security/intelligence chiefs even admit it 's a matter of when , not if , we have one ) . 
  we also have concrete blocks outside of things like shopping centres in the uk , so there 's a precedent for doing that already - and do n't be so naive to think that terrorist attacks in other european countries wo n't have an impact on our life here . 
  security is usually increased in the uk in response to a terrorist attack on the continent . 
  kind of like norway has a centre-right party in charge too . 
  political spectrums are not the same in every country . 
  cdu might be centre-right in germany but i be they 'd be considered left-wing in the uk and us . 
  take things like nationalisation - the tories fucking hate it , but other centre-right parties in europe do n't . 
  plus , merkel is a much better leader than may . 
  merkel would eat may for breakfast . 
  it 's not a hatred of centre-right politics . 
  if i lived in sweden for example i 'd probably vote for the moderates instead of the social democrats . 
  heck , i saw a swede describe the sweden democrats as a ` leftish version of the tories ' . 
  brexit and the tories , duh . 
  they 're very similar in many ways - almost identical gdp , gdp per capita , population , military sizes etc. 
  ireland is obviously a well-off country but the gdp per capite figure is clearly inflated to ridiculous proportions . 
  in terms of average wages or household income it 's definitely not * that * well off . 
  in fact , it probably has the biggest disconnect between gdp per capita and average income of any developed country . 
  gdp per capita is pretty much irrelevant to the average person . 
  germany is fucking great . 
  you 're making the rest of us look terrible . 
  if most people in the uk spent a month living in germany they 'd realise what the uk could be like if we did n't vote for stupid shit . 
  we are british and we are very speshul mmkay, 
  simple as that . 
  but as others have already mentioned : 1 ) the french system is n't the same as the american system . 
  2 ) trump was always close to hillary in the polls , and even overtook her in some 3 ) people might have assumed remain would win but the polls never showed that . 
  most online ones iirc showed leave winning . 
  people are so desperate to draw comparisons between le pen and trump/brexit , but it is n't the same . 
   but i 'd rather toe the line for americans than for germans . 
  i do n't understand this mindset at all . 
  is there something about the word ` german ' that just invokes an irrational fear within british people ? 
  in any case , the uk and germany are much more equal in size than the uk and us - while the uk 's military is larger and more able to project power . 
  our relationship with a country like germany was much more equal than it could ever be with the us , which is significant larger and more powerful in all aspects and much more able to get what it wants out of us . 
  the uk was never toeing the line for germany , and it was never sucking up to german leaders . 
  the rest of the uk hates london ( the only productive part of the country ) so that is unsurprising . 
  i would n't say significantly : https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/ and it 's just one area where people can look back in hindsight and say ` we were wrong ' . 
  just because something has majority support does n't make it right - but i guess we do n't know that until it actually happens . 
   the u.k. chose to go to iraq . 
  nobody dragged it into it . 
  it did so of its own free volition . 
  of course it did - the uk is a sovereign nation and is free to pursue its interests independent of any other country . 
  but that does n't mean it is n't significantly influenced by the actions of other countries , and that does n't mean the uk will not alter its foreign policy to align closely with another country . 
  blair was lodged up bush 's backside ( which is funny , since he was also rabidly pro-eu ) . 
  the uk is in a weak position and has few options right now , so we are turning ourselves into america 's lapdog again . 
  of course the sniveling ingrates that constitute my ` countrymen ' on here think this is a wonderful thing . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  maybe intellectuals were ashamed of being english but i do n't get the impression that most people were . 
  to me , it seems like english nationalism became ` taboo ' around the 1980s when you had football hooligans and neo-nazis running around with english flags . 
  and to be perfectly honest , i probably have little in common with your typical english person , especially from a political perspective . 
  my views are probably closer to the typical swede or dane . 
  i feel like a fish out of water living here sometimes . 
  i have no problem with other people wanting to celebrate their englishness but i have no desire to do so myself . 
  this is what all publications do . 
  they all have an agenda to push . 
  that spectator article deriding left-wing people , while satirical , is the perfect example of that .
