  then he went back and nothing happened to him at all . 
  i am getting sick of every thread about sweden being bombarded with immigrant/refugee comments , even when said thread has fuck all to do with either . 
  the uk electorate want to stay in the single market * and * control immigration . 
  it 's one or the other . 
  in order to settle the question once and for all , we would need to have another referendum asking people which is most important to them . 
  and polling has also shown that the public back her plans on brexit anyway . 
  i know some people do n't want to believe it but she really is doing what a majority want her to do . 
  like i said , this is n't necessarily in their interests - but they want it to happen , so it 's going to happen . 
  for better or worse . 
  do you have nothing better to contribute to this discussion other than pointless one-liners ? 
  at least make an effort . 
  i reiterate - * a majority of scots do not want another independence referendum in the next 2 years * . 
  therefore , sturgeon is going against the scottish people by trying to get something they did n't ask for and clearly do not want . 
  * the opposite of what may is doing . 
  * not until the uk has left the eu , anyway . 
  we ca n't always have what we want , i 'm afraid . 
  sturgeon will have to play nicely . 
  59 % of brits think any scottish independence referendum should only take place once the uk has left the eu . 
  once again , may is doing what voters want her to do . 
  conversely , sturgeon is seeking another independence referendum in the next 3 years even though a majority of scots do not want it . 
  and if they want to leave , they eventually will . 
  they are well within their right to vote for that . 
  but yes , england is significantly larger than scotland both in terms of population and economic size - alone it constitutes 86 % of the uk 's population . 
  since england represents such an overwhelming majority of the uk 's population , it stands to reason that english voters tend to hold more sway - and our votes tend to make a bigger difference to what happens to the uk as a whole . 
  if scots want to leave the uk for this reason then that is absolutely fine , but they can wait 5-6 years surely . 
  we do n't even know what impact leaving the eu will have on the uk 's economy - there is certainly no guarantee that it will turn out badly . 
  she presumably realises that dealing with our exit of the eu is more important to the majority of the electorate , and that dealing with leaving the eu * and * scotland departing the uk would be a hassle we do n't need . 
  you are looking at this solely from a scottish perspective - there are three other ` nations ' in the uk that constitute 90 % of its population . 
  what happens in the other 10 % is n't of great importance to us . 
  scotland will get its independence referendum . 
  there is a difference between saying ` no referendum now ' and ` no referendum ever ' . 
  indeed , but the tories know that if they refused to follow through with the referendum result then it would probably result in a party like ukip going from strength to strength . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  and ultimately , i suspect most tories - including may herself - probably are n't that bothered if scotland becomes independent or not . 
  i suspect many would encourage it . 
  exactly - they can hold a referendum , but it will not result in independence unless it is legitimate . 
  it certainly is n't their decision , unless they hold an illegitimate referendum in the manner that catalonia has done . 
  a majority of scots do n't want a referendum in the next 2-3 years . 
   the electorade have elected a pro-indy majority in scotland which allows them to call another referendum . 
  yes , and they will have a referendum eventually . 
  they can not dictate when a referendum is held , so they have no option but to wait . 
   just like it seems more sensible to not go for full-retard brexit ? 
  if that 's what the people want , then that 's what they will get . 
  the tories would win a very large majority should an election be held today . 
  the tories also won a majority in 2015 while promising a referendum on eu membership . 
  * she * did n't decide . 
  the electorate did . 
  may is going through with what people want . 
  whether it 's in their interests or not is another matter entirely , but there is no going back on the referendum result now and even remainers are largely in agreement that brexit should proceed . 
  holtard is completely right . 
  the scots can have their referendum , but it seems more sensible to wait a bit longer - and of course , from an english perspective , brexit will have a much bigger impact on our life than scotland leaving . 
  ultimately , it is n't all about scotland or the snp . 
  they will have to wait a bit longer . 
   if he does n't like the us having the world 's largest military budget , why is he increasing defence spending ? 
  because it 's what people back at home want to hear . 
  take a tough stance on countries that ` piggyback ' on others , but continue to increase military spending at the expense of other things anyway , all without ruling out military action in other countries ( the kind of hawkish tone people disliked hillary for ) . 
  it 's mean !, 
  stop bullying russia !, 
  that . . does n't seem very sensible . 
  interesting . 
  out of curiosity - why would you want that many guns , and what are they used for ? 
  if it 's for self defence , would n't a simple handgun suffice ? 
  do you really need ak-47s or whatever ? 
  guns on their own are n't necessarily a problem . . they become more problematic when crazy people can easily access them . 
  i 've never felt the need to own one though . 
  only from a ` refugees are evil ' perspective , but she 's a right-wing politician . 
  fuck balls shit noooooooo, 
  that 's what i thought . 
  mama 's proud of her clever boy . 
  i 'm at a loss here . 
  how does this tell you anything about what i think regarding sweden or the op ? 
  yes , i was . 
  how you can look at my posting history and come to the conclusion that i agree with the op is beyond me . 
  i have been one of sweden 's biggest defenders on here . 
  poor merkel - not the first time she 's been portrayed as hitler , and probably wo n't be the last . 
  rip . 
  accidents happen . 
  i suppose we 'll see . 
  there will be a number of parties in a coalition instead of just two so it wo n't be easy to lay the blame onto anyone in particular . 
  also , the lib dems were also punished for promising not to raise tuition fees and then voting to raise tuition fees anyway . 
  they were punished by left-wingers and right-wingers . 
  that 's really witty , actually . 
  not what i 'd expect from her . 
  i like it though !, 
  it seems to me like merkel is a very agreeable leader . 
  do left-wingers in germany dislike her a lot or are they content with her as chancellor ? 
  she seems more levelheaded and grounded than most . 
  i really do envy germany 's political stability . 
  you have no idea how jealous i am of your country . 
  because it involved going into a coalition with the tories , which many liberal democrat voters did n't support - although the liberal democrats have always attracted both labour voters and tory voters . 
  they are centrist , and are not aligned with left or right . 
  like pvda , they took the blame for most of the bad stuff , and are now a rump of their former self . 
  yeah , and in my eyes all of those things are perfectly reasonable - and certainly a lot more sensible than that kind of nonsense wilders and co come out with . 
  his face is kind of odd-looking anyway . 
  nice to see sweden zoomed to really hammer the point home . 
  i hope so . 
  the two usually go hand-in-hand . 
  centre-right parties in the eu are usually pro-eu . 
  only exception to this really is the tories who have always been divided ( soft euroscepticism , maybe ) . 
  geert wilders looked like a hippy stoner , lol .
