  anything to reach an arbitrarily-defined target to satisfy people who see the word ` immigration ' and recoil in horror . 
  then you 'd be committing voter fraud . 
  i suppose they could , or they could introduce some sort of national id card , but there are no details at all as of yet . 
  you give your name and address , and the people at the polling station locate your name on a list . 
  if you do n't have any form of identification then you ca n't buy alcohol or cigarettes if you look too young , it 's that simple . 
  most people * do * have some form of identification but a lot of people do n't . 
  passports cost a lot of money , not everyone is in a position to afford one . 
  provisional licenses are cheaper . 
  yes they are , but not everyone has a passport or drivers license . 
  this is why a lot of people would n't be able to vote . 
  the current system is absolutely fine , i see no reason to change it . 
   they should n't have been allowed in in the first place bingo . 
  probably a bad idea in hindsight . 
  this makes me happy . 
  hope frances economy improves more . 
  i 'm gay so i 'd be pretty fucking stupid if i was n't joking . 
  this is why trump won !!!, 
  huh ? 
  oh stop moaning you gypsy . 
  sorry , what relevance does this have to what i posted ? 
  i think the social democrats in sweden might be a little more successful , though sweden has a pr system so it 's not as easy to compare . 
  as someone said recently , labour will win when they want to . 
  by the time blair came along , the british electorate were crying out for something different . 
  i do n't believe for a second that corybn and his supporters actually care about winning . 
  not even polish people want to live in poland , let alone refugees . 
  why is this post downvoted ? 
  i live in leeds and there are quite a lot of spaniards here , as well as italians and greeks . 
  it will depend on where you live . 
  in my experience spaniards almost exclusively live in major cities , whereas poles and bulgarians are more spread out . 
  all parties will keep net migration well into the hundreds of thousands . 
  the tories will of course make promises they can not keep , and people will of course believe them . 
  yes , and 54 % of brits originally supported the iraq invasion . 
  fast forward 14 years , and blair is forever tainted because of it . 
  he must surely rank as one of the most loathed individuals in the uk . 
  kind of shows that a majority of people can indeed be wrong - and very wrong to boot . 
  but what relevance this has with the lies told by some people campaigning to leave is anyone 's guess . 
   plop them in bilbao , dublin , or stockholm and they 'll do fine . 
  your naivety is cute . 
  accepting the result of the referendum is * not * the same thing as supporting brexit . 
  i still think it 's a terrible decision , but there 's no going back now - and ignoring a referendum that delivered the highest turnout for a uk-wide vote in over 25 years would be a slippery slope to take . 
  why does the telegraph have to be so shit ? 
  everyone is so damn cynical . 
  give the man a chance . 
  do n't be such a drama queen . 
  not as socially liberal for sure , but overall i 'd say cdu is more like the lib dems than the tories . 
  my mother had an abortion in the 90s . 
  ` mwahahahahaha ' , she cackled , while rubbing her hands malevolently , ` this baby is now dead !, 
  no wonder people in the uk hate poles . 
  you guys are far too regressive to fit into our society . 
  germany has a higher personal income tax , has higher overall public spending , has state-owned companies for things like railways which the tories are vehemently opposed to , is pro-eu while the tories were always mixed at best , and yes they seem much less hostile to immigrants than the tories ( though i did n't support their refugee stance in 2015 ) . 
  obviously not all of these things are necessarily cdu policy , but they do make germany a better country for this left-wing individual , and i think i 'd be much happier with a cdu government than a tory one . 
  the big sticking point for me concerning the cdu is the lack of support for gay marriage , and as i mentioned there should be more investment in infrastructure ( but someone else mentioned that this was finally happening ) . 
  guess it depends on your perspective . 
  i 'd say the cdu are more like our liberal democrats than our conservatives , so from my british perspective they are definitely not as conservative as our major centre-right party . 
  is there a particular reason why spd is n't doing particularly well ? 
  have they done something particularly bad ? 
  i mean , i like merkel and all but after 12 years could n't germany do with a change ? 
  i think it would be nice as well if germany took advantage of its good financial situation and invested in its creaking infrastructure . 
  backed up by facts . 
  who would want to go to a dump like chad ? 
  president le pen is certainly avoidable , yes . 
  people like you approach this from the point of view that he probably * will * fail as president . 
  try to be optimistic . 
  he might * just * be the president france needs . 
  probably because he is seen as having the potential to reform the eu . 
  le pen never stood a chance this year . 
  yes , pro-eu elites are desperate and weak because the most pro-eu candidate in the french presidential election won comfortably . 
  yup - and with the number of people owning their own home declining fast , our median wealth will almost certainly decline as well . 
  though the fact that belgium has higher median wealth than norway and greece higher than germany does kind of show that median wealth is really not that useful . 
  i 've mentioned it before but brits are probably some of the least racist people in europe . 
  we hate poles and muslims in equal measure !, 
  he 's an easy target to be fair , but yeah everything he says is micro-analysed in ways that theresa may is n't and never will be ( although i suppose it 's hard to have your words scrutinised when you do n't really say much of anything ) . 
  must be a hack-a-thon today . 
  british people are very annoying . 
  this is the kind of thread that attracts the retards of / r/europe . 
  like flies to shit . 
  the next what ? 
  wish we could see the same thing happen here , but it 's not easy with our electoral system . 
  i do n't know any of them . 
  because the median wage shows the midway point , with half earning more and half earning less . 
  the mean wage is more skewed by a smaller number of high earners . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting so angry . 
  this is a civil discussion . 
  chill . 
  yes , i decided to look up the median wage specifically because it is a better reflection of real incomes than the mean . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/super-rich-or-super-angry-where-are-you-on-ireland-s-income-pyramid-1.2104861 ) , the average median salary for full-time workers in ireland is $ 32,000 , while the corresponding figure for the uk is virtually the same . 
   median earnings are estimated at $ 28,500 last year for all those at work . 
  so half of those at work -- 964,000 people -- earned less than $ 28,500 and half earned more . 
  for full-time workers , median earnings were estimated at $ 32,000 in gross income . 
  the minimum adult wage of $ 8.65 an hour , unchanged since 2007 , equates to an annual wage of $ 17,542 . 
  this is directly from ireland 's central statistics office . 
  any explanation for this ? 
  so the oecd is n't a credible organisation ? 
  according to them the average wage in ireland is $ 46k while in the uk it 's $ 41k . 
  do you have an explanation for why these figures are different to the ones published by eurostat , or why they are more reliable or preferable to the ones published by oecd ? 
  those figures are all taken from credible sources , they 're not pulled from thin air . 
  there are plenty of other sources that do n't show ireland 's average wage being anywhere near $ 45,000 a year , or show the difference between the uk and ireland to be much smaller than the figures you 're quoting . 
  so i ask again , why the discrepancy ? 
  you are an economist so i am relying on your superior knowledge . 
  i was looking at this : https://www.reinisfischer.com/average-salary-european-union-2016 since you 're an expert on economics , please explain the discrepancy .
