   i am confident enough that they wo n't start a war that they know they have no hope of winning . 
  conversely , i am not . 
  at all . 
  i suppose this is where we diverge . 
   putin is n't an idiot , the elites whose support he relies on wo n't give up their cushy lives , and he knows it . 
  this is a good point , i do n't disagree there . 
  putin is a very smart man , but smart men can also be crazy . 
  i do n't want to know how the kremlin will react when backed into a corner . 
  i admit i have no answer to that question . 
  the only thing i care about is avoiding war with a nuclear power . 
  everything else , to me , is secondary . 
  do you really want to die , over a country you do n't live in and have no connections to ? 
  it was never likely . 
  the uk and russia have very strained relations and have done for years . 
  that is n't going to be fixed by leaving the eu . 
  i do n't know what russian leaders are thinking behind closed doors . 
  i know they do n't want war with the west . 
  i do n't know if they would risk war with the west or back down - they know they could n't beat nato in a conventional war , but who knows how they 'd react in a losing situation . 
  but i do n't want to risk it . 
  i do n't want to put the world in jeopardy over syria . 
  it is * not * that important - and if russian leaders are really so crazy as to risk war with the west then we should be the levelheaded ones and prevent it from getting to that point . 
  people need to stop obsessing over who looks ` weak ' or ` strong ' and do what is sensible for a change . 
  even if assad was disposed of , and russia agreed to it , what happens in the vacuum that is left ? 
  another iraq ? 
  another libya ? 
  have n't we learnt that our involvement in these conflicts usually results in nothing but shit ? 
  i 'm not saying russia is in the right . 
  nine times out of ten it is n't . 
  but the priority of western countries should be to avoid military conflict with russia . 
  what is the point of going to war with russia over 100 people dying if many more people are likely to die as a result of a much wider , further-reaching conflict ? 
  it makes no fucking sense at all . 
  we can put pressure on russia without risking war with russia . 
  going to war with a major nuclear power over someone like assad is retarded . 
  there are horrible leaders in the world who do terrible things to their own people all the god damn time . 
  it is n't our place to police the world , and i am getting absolutely sick to the back teeth of it . 
  given both le pen and macron have declined in the first-round polls , why not entertain the idea of a run-off between m\u00e9lenchon and macron ? 
  latvia occasionally as well . 
  the point i 'm making is that paris ' current boundaries are not reflective of the true size of the city . 
  it 's just the central part . 
  it 's still very dense , and skyscrapers are not necessarily * needed * , but i do n't mind them . 
  oh i agree , i guess i was mostly talking about us military action in syria , which imo is reckless and not needed . 
  i think further sanctions are a good course of action followed by more diplomatic discussions , rather than impulsive airstrikes or anything else . 
  i hope the more levelheaded members of trump 's team are reinforcing this behind closed doors . 
  a lot of people are very concerned about escalating conflict between nuclear powers . 
  you can surely understand this . 
  i agree that we should n't just bend over to accommodate russia , but the west absolutely should not push things to the brink of war with russia - because that will benefit absolutely nobody and could have disastrous consequences for us all . 
  people need to keep a level head . 
  we do n't need a war with russia . 
  that is not in our interests . 
  yeah but if new york had the same boundaries as paris , it would only be manhattan , which is definitely denser than paris . 
  i think that 's fine . 
  go to cities in the uk , and i 'm sure every other country in europe , and you will see many different examples of architecture from many different periods , from the middle ages to the victorian era and everything in-between . 
  in 100 years , these skyscrapers will just be another layer of history that makes our cities so great . 
  the finns party already had their ` success ' by being a part of the coalition government . 
  now they 're suffering and losing votes to other parties . 
  we are relevant goddammit . 
  everyone here knows finland strictly speaking is n't scandinavian . 
  there is really no need to explain that to us . 
  everyone i know in real life would refer to it as such though . 
  to the casual observer , there is no distinction . 
  . . alright then . 
   the decision to call off johnson 's visit to moscow confirms once again doubts in the presence of added value in speaking to the uk , which does not have its own position on the majority of present-day issues , nor does it have real influence on the course of international affairs , as it remains ` in the shadow ' of its strategic partners . 
  burn . 
  not very often . 
  maybe 2-3 times a year . 
  ca n't drink cat . 
  only vodka . 
  everyone everywhere knows moscow is in europe . 
  everyone everywhere knows russians are european . 
  people here think of russia as being an eastern european country , because it really is ( most russians live in europe , even though most of the land is in asia ) . 
  learn to read you stupid cunt . 
  someone , on the stockholm thread , said that sweden would try to hide the identity of the attackers . 
  i came on here to mention that , because i did n't expect them to at all . 
  i do n't give a fucking shit about sweden not compiling stats on immigrants since 2005 . 
  absolutely fuck all to do with what i 'm saying . 
  jesus fucking christ some people on here are stupid . 
  piss off . 
  sure , but i have no interest in it - because it has nothing to do with what i 'm talking about . 
  feel free to ramble to yourself though . 
  i do n't think it 's violent or tribal . 
  does n't appear like it is anyway . 
  i am referring to a specific comment that was made on this forum in relation to the identity of the terrorist in question . 
  nothing else . 
  someone on here was certain that sweden would conceal his identity for the sake of political correctness . 
  i hate this building . 
  according to the bbc :  the country has good intelligence-gathering apparatus : sapo , the swedish equivalent to the uk 's mi5 agency , have got the finger on the problem , but the legislation is not there to deal with it . 
  when will people realise that they 're not clever or funny for saying this ? 
  eastern states like estonia/latvia/lithuania / russia/ukraine have noticeably higher homicide rates , though countries like poland/hungary do n't . 
  it is n't confirmed yet . 
  i think the final number will be higher but i hope not too much higher . 
  innocent people on the street do n't deserve anything like this . 
  yeah , this is the first time i have ever seen this before . 
  totally changed my mind on everything . 
  holy shit . 
  we did n't seem too concerned about the rwandan genocide - not enough to get militarily involved anyway . 
  there are loads and loads of bollards here . 
  they really are not expensive to install . 
  i think some countries become complacent , for lack of a better word . 
  the uk experienced sustained terror attacks in the 70s and 80s so we have some experience here . 
  otoh , countries like sweden have almost no experience dealing with this sort of thing .
