  i tried my best to ignore it , but needless to say i did n't find it very funny . 
  and of course , the people who actually fought back because they had enough were made out to be in the wrong because they ca n't ` take a joke ' . 
  this ` banter ' crap got old a long time ago , especially when it 's just a byword for bullying . 
  yet the uk does n't have areas the police fear to enter , nor does it have weekly car burnings , nor does it have riots in immigrant suburbs every 5 years . . 
  there have been scandals about pedophile rings involving muslim men , of course . 
  you 've already posted that link in response to one of my posts . 
  second time is n't the charm . 
  given the fact that swedes are now less supportive of immigration and given sweden democrats have gained significant ground , i 'm not sure . 
  the big influx of 2015 seems to have turned a lot of people 's opinions around because that was simply too much in a short space of time . 
  great . 
  macron up and fillon down is always good . 
  let that trend continue . 
  strictly speaking they 're not ` closed ' but they have introduced checks that were n't there before . 
  sweden is also paying refugees who leave voluntarily , so the message is pretty clear to me - they took in too many so want some to leave . 
  if they could do it at all again , i bet they would n't . 
  nope . 
  sweden 's original policy regarding refugees was reckless . 
  this is why they quickly closed their borders and are now trying to get many to leave - even paying them . 
  i am content with the number of refugees the uk has taken . 
  it makes it easier for us to integrate the ones who are here . 
  we also took refugees from camps in the middle east - the ones who are the neediest and in most need of our help . 
  well that 's sweden 's fault for taking in that many refugees . 
  nobody forced them to . 
  ca n't use refugees as an excuse as i 'm pretty sure sweden has always been the worst country in europe for integrating immigrants . 
  it 's been an issue there for years , not just the past 2 . 
  likewise , france has had issues in its immigrant suburbs for many years . 
  people were more concerned about immigration from eastern europe than anywhere else . 
  eastern european workers undercutting working class wages was one of the key arguments for leave . 
  well , not on their integration policies which are clearly not working , if they exist at all . 
  as i expected , the uk does very well in this area . 
  we are much better at integrating our non-eu immigrants than other european countries . 
  the rest of you need to get your shit together . 
  yeah but they had loads of other lies anyway . 
  it 's unlikely that particular lie was the clincher . 
  people were already voting leave because of polish immigrants , # 350 million a week and other nonsense . 
  i wonder if spain will become a net contributor soon ? 
  the western side of the uk is pretty wet . 
  eastern side is not wet at all . 
  my area gets around 603mm a year on average . 
  almonds are gross . 
  the spanish are some of the most tolerant in europe , they always look good on things like homosexuality acceptance etc. 
  definitely good people . 
  hope they continue to resist the far-right surge . 
  i do n't think that particular stunt ` worked ' though . 
  with or without it leave probably would have won . 
  it 's interesting . 
  young people in the uk are less well off than older voters as well , but seem much less interested in ` rocking the boat ' and much more likely to prefer the status quo than older voters who appear ravenous for change . 
  of course , younger voters would like some change too , but not the same kind of change older voters want . 
  indeed - though everyone has their limit . 
  i do n't want to work 12 + hours a day , and thankfully i do n't have to . 
  one of my managers in the kitchen i worked at worked more than 12 hours but he definitely did n't get paid a lot . 
  i thought he was crazy to be honest and he clearly was n't happy , but whatever . 
  kind of already exists . 
  to be fair , there are a lot of brits doing those jobs as well . 
  i was one of them . 
  i used to work in a kitchen . 
  these jobs suck though , the hours are often long , unreliable and antisocial , and the pay is n't very good . 
  not to mention management treats you like crap and you 're essentially disposable . 
  no wonder people do n't want to do these jobs . 
  i 'd be very happy to see someone become president of a country who is n't a geriatric . 
  would be a refreshing change imo . 
  inject some young blood into tired , worn-out politics . 
  but muslims moving to the us were n't making things worse . 
  it is n't like that many moved there anyway . 
  it 's a rather small community in the us . 
  it does n't make sense to me though - the us already has a lot of problems in many of its cities with guns and racial riots . 
  preventing muslims from moving to the us is n't gon na solve that . 
  it is n't like the issues in the us are caused by muslims in the first place . 
  that tim pool guy had to leave milwaukee because he said it was n't safe if you looked white . 
  it was during a riot so i 'm sure it 's fine most of the time , but how will banning muslims make a difference to this situation ? 
  i know trump was partly elected on a ` the us is bad now but was great before ' platform , but really - you do n't need to point to other countries when there 's already plenty of shit happening in your own back yard . 
  he should focus on that instead of pissing off what ought to be his closest allies . 
  wow , that 's way worse than the uk . 
  ethnic minorities are over-represented in prisons but they definitely do n't constitute a majority . 
  that is pretty fucking crazy . 
  there was a similar incident in melbourne - but i do n't think it was called a terrorist attack . 
  let 's be honest - even if it was n't an act of terror , if the person driving the car is anything other than white , some people are gon na have a field day with this news . 
   also last time i checked ukip do n't have significant political power in the uk . . 
  they do n't , mostly because of fptp , and also because the tories are doing what ukip would do anyway . 
  i actually agree , ukip are n't as extreme as some other far-right parties in europe - in fact , i would n't call them far-right at all ( that would be the bnp ) - but really the key difference between ukip and the tories was always the eu . 
  the tories have stolen their thunder so what 's the difference ? 
  i think our ruling party is simply more right-wing than the equivalents in other western european countries . 
  ugh germany , you 're so much better than us . 
  right ? 
   the people of france and germany you might need to explain yourself here , my friend . 
   where is it considered to be `` most perfect country in the western world '' ? 
  in a lot of places . 
  there are few countries with such a positive reputation around the world . 
  it is frequently mentioned as country for us to aspire to because it provides very high living standards , has low poverty levels , high levels of equality , is very tolerant when it comes to things like homosexuality , is highly irreligious , does n't have rigid gender roles ( so it 's not so weird for fathers to stay home and look after the kids ) , is very clean , politically and economically stable . . and so on and so forth . 
  for a lot of people it is * the * ideal country , particularly amongst left-wingers in the anglosphere who campaign for higher taxation and greater state involvement . 
  it is cited as a perfect example of having a capitalist economy with socialist aspects . 
  i suspect it is brought up more often than other nordic countries simply because sweden is a lot more well known than the other nordic countries . 
  i would say that sweden is the face of the nordics - although honestly , ask most people here where stockholm , copenhagen , oslo or helsinki are and there 's a good chance they 'll say sweden , denmark , finland and norway for either one of them . 
  that is how similar you guys are . 
  these days , at least on the internet , sweden is either a liberal utopia or a soon-to-be caliphate . 
  in the real world , sweden is still viewed favourably . 
  i think left-wing politicians tend to be more principled . 
  people on the right can unite under one ban quite easily even if they disagree with each other a lot , but not so on the left . 
  take the tories - you have a lot of globalist tories who backed remain who stay with the tories even though there are a * lot * of tories who are just batshit crazy ( cameron agreed to a referendum partly to satisfy his more lunatic backbenchers ) . 
  a lot of tory mps would probably be more suited to the lib dems in all honesty .
