  loads of brits live abroad . 
  something like 8 % of all british citizens live abroad . 
  this is a higher number than most other developed countries , including france . 
  all western countries have problems with radicalisation . 
  the uk does n't have problems with no-go zones . 
  that is the difference . 
  try visiting birmingham one of these days , or even bradford ( which , by the way , completely avoided the 2011 riots ) . 
  here 's a comparison for you - birmingham had a population of 1,101,360 in 2015 . 
  in the same year , it had 12 murders . 
  this gives it a homicide rate of 1.0 / 100,000 . 
  malmo , a city of under 400,000 , had the same number of murders in 2016 . 
  surprising ? 
  no , not really . 
  the uk is n't the same as many continental countries . 
  we have a huge white underclass too , and always have . 
  i have relatives in dewsbury , by the way . 
  nice town . 
  a lot of people on here clearly have a bee in their bonnet regarding the uk - inbred , stupid , fat , jingoistic , drunks , false , etc etc. 
  not that i 'm really bothered , it 's just odd . 
  yeah , could - and if we 've learnt anything from the past 12 months it 's that making predictions even a few months into the future is a fruitless task . 
  predicting what will happen to 2050 is just stupid , especially if it 's based on * current * trends . 
  a lot can and probably will change between now and then . 
  yeah birmingham 's fine . 
  the uk is n't like the continent - we do n't have burning cars or riots every other week , not even in our immigrant neighbourhoods . 
  not sure what sweden and france are doing wrong but do n't project your own shit onto us , please . 
   more people in london than in my whole country if your country is indeed belgium then this is false . 
  i know - it 's just one reason amongst many - but i know from first-hand experience that a lot of older people , particularly people my grandmother 's age ( 70s ) think very fondly of the 1950s and 1960s and would love to return to that period of time . 
  i obviously do n't share that sentiment in the slightest . 
  yeah and young people have no desire to turn back the clock to a period of time they never knew , hence voting to remain . 
  the south and east are * less * gloomy , but london still only gets around 1650 hours of sun a year on average . 
  this is very gloomy by global standards . 
  in fairness , all of europe north of the alps is exactly the same . 
  london and paris have pretty much the same weather . 
  everyone thinks we 're really ugly which hurts me feelings a lot =(, 
  it 's currently just above 2 % of gdp ( something like 2.08 % ) but has fallen over the past 5 years . 
  this includes foreign aid as well though . 
  there seems to have been a lot of poor decisions made wrt our armed forces though , particularity the navy ( for example , we currently have no aircraft carriers and have had to share with france ) . 
  here 's an interesting article : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/sep/17/uk-armed-forces-could-not-withstand-attack-by-major-power-like-russia, 
  nah i was mostly referring to our ability to defend oursevles . 
  the armed forces have suffered from a lot of cuts in recent years . 
  indeed , but the point is she did n't wear a headscarf when meeting with middle eastern leaders in their country . . because nobody forced her to . 
  nobody even asked her to . 
  therefore i 'm inclined to believe that le pen is just making shit up . 
  please provide some stats , and stop bloviating . 
  what he said does n't prove you right in the slightest . 
  i mean , for fuck 's sake man - immigrants in the uk at least tend to be well-educated and better off than the natives . 
  in countries like sweden the opposite is true yet they * still * lowered the number of people living in material deprivation . 
  saying it 's risen in the uk because of immigration is such a pathetic cop-out . 
  you act like the uk is the only country in europe to have received a significant number of immigrants over the past 10 years . 
  eh , i doubt it . 
  either way , the uk 's armed forces are a shadow of their former self . 
  we would probably struggle to defend our own borders right now , let alone project our power thousands of miles away . 
  you have been reported for being stupid . 
  it 's a joke . 
  i love pistachios . 
  yes , and death to them all . 
   it can not handle sustained military campaigns on its own without us or uk help ( see france and libya ) the uk and france are pretty much equal in this regard . 
  the uk does n't have the capability to carry out sustained military campaigns on its own anymore . 
  but the issue of terrorism is n't going away even if you shut the borders completely . 
  most of these people were probably born in france . 
  what does le pen intend on doing to combat terrorism ? 
  does anyone know ? 
  how does she intend on preventing french-born citizens committing acts of terrorism ? 
  how does she intend on quelling unrest in french suburbs ? 
  simply reducing or stopping immigration wo n't resolve these problems . 
  you need actual policies that also address the descendants of immigrants in france who will be here forever . 
  how does le pen plan on integrating them into society ? 
  or do you just write them off as lost causes ? 
  seeds ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  are you hens or something ? 
  lmao . 
  yeah , but you ca n't be too confident . 
  macron really fucked up . 
  theresa may did n't wear a headscarf when she met with officials in bahrain and saudi arabia . 
  le pen is such an attention whore . 
  no , i do n't . 
  since you made the claim , the onus is on you to prove it . 
  i 'm willing to be proven wrong . 
  eu citizens in the uk are less likely to be living in material deprivation than uk citizens themselves . 
  do you think government policies might have something to do with an increase in material deprivation ? 
  it 's worth a thought . 
  you do n't have to blame immigration for everything . 
   yeah to be honest i think the uk 's rise in poverty is hand in hand with the rise of immigration . 
  not really , no . 
  i would n't call sweden a pathetic joke , but i would say their politicians have been extremely naive . 
  i mean , there are plenty of areas in the uk where muslims are the largest group , but these areas do n't have riots or burning cars . 
  the issue does n't need to be as polarising as you make it appear . 
  you can acknowledge issues with immigration and integration without subscribing to the idea that sweden , or any other country , is some hellhole . 
  you are probably confusing ` sweden is n't falling apart ' with ` sweden has no problems whatsoever ' . 
  it 's an easy mistake to make . 
   that does not excuses the importance of lowering crime and nobody is saying that it does - just that things need to be kept in perspective . 
  being hysterical does not help anyone or anything . 
  no chance . 
  everyone in sweden has been raped at least once . 
  scary times we live in . 
  lots of them love russia - i think because they hate the us so by default love any country that hates the us . 
  very impressive for a country on the brink of collapse . 
  it 's like when a terrorist attack occurs - certain people are happy about it because it confirms what they thought all along . 
  i can understand why swedes reacted in the way they did though .
