  what kind of government do you have ? 
  anything like pis ? 
  yeah - i have an opinion . 
  does n't mean i expect it to actually happen . 
  okay - and where did i claim otherwise ? 
   if this is n't the case you dont have free speech , only regulated speech every country has ` regulated speech ' . 
  you more or less said this yourself . 
  some are worse than others . 
  are we going to go around in circles stating the obvious ? 
  yeah , sure , it 's bullshit because you disagree with it , lol . 
  go ahead and formulate your own index . 
  as you point out yourself , freedom of speech only exists to the point that the government allows . 
  some countries go further than others in curtailing freedom of speech . 
  given hungary 's very poor score in the press freedom index , it is evidently worse . 
  understandably , austria and germany are more touchy than most regarding nazism . 
  hungary 's leader trashes the eu but is more than happy to take their money . 
  why should hard-earned money from western europe flow to such an ungrateful swine ? 
  kick them ( hungary , poland etc ) out and let them buddy up to russia . 
  they can get their funding from moscow instead . 
  maybe one day . 
  regardless of refugee quotas , countries like hungary should receive no eu funds * at all * . 
  they should n't even be in the eu . 
   you get to live among your own people , and you will die knowing your grandkids will have a country that is theirs . 
  that 's not going to happen though , because a ) it 's unlikely that the government will be able to reduce net migration to the levels they want ( below 100,000 ) , and b ) the ethnic minorities in the uk who have the highest birth rates come from places like pakistan , india and bangladesh . 
  they will continue to pop out kids at higher rates than anyone else regardless of how many people are entering the country - not to mention they come from outside the eu so leaving the eu has fuck all impact on this . 
  the uk is going to continue becoming more racially and culturally diverse . 
  it is far too late to stop that . 
  there is no turning back time . 
  the country you want is gone -- forever . 
  the fact that you or anyone else voted to make the uk less ` foreign ' highlights how simple-minded you are . 
  the fact that you have the ability to vote at all is fucking terrifying . 
  unfortunately your fellow countrymen did n't see it that way . 
  yes , that 's precisely my point . 
  places like dunkerque are similar to margate . 
  seaside town that has seen better days and has lurched significantly to the right . 
  they look very similar as well . 
  they should stay in the first safe country . 
  there is no reason for refugees to go all the way to sweden when they travel through countless safe countries on the way . 
  or you can do what the uk does and take a smaller number of refugees directly from camps in the middle east . 
  refugees not being able to choose what country they go to is a perfectly sensible idea . 
  this ranking places china above italy and india above slovenia in the quality of life ranking . 
  what a load of shit . 
  their gdp per head is much higher than ours . 
  we are more similar to france . 
  well , there 'd be no complaints over here . 
  northern ireland is the biggest economic drain in the uk . 
   does the uk not tie school funding to number of enrolled students ? 
  and surely healthcare reimbursement is tied to the amount of use it gets . 
  i 'm guessing so - but that is n't really the point . 
  areas with more enrolled students will presumably receive more funding but even this level of funding is n't enough . 
  there 's a big problem with lack of school places in england currently , and the nhs 's problems are obviously well-documented - that 's likely a combination of a rapidly growing population * and * an aging population rather than either/or . 
  then there are problems with lack of housing , especially affordable housing , driving up house prices . 
  i did n't say there were n't - i said i have n't heard anyone complain about them , suggesting to me that fewer people would be bothered about spaniards than poles . 
  obviously there will always be people who have issues with some group of people - and this is true wherever you live . 
  how noble of you . 
  means absolutely fuck all . 
  indeed . 
  so what ? 
  never heard anyone complain about spaniards . 
  they mostly live in the major cities anyway . 
  switzerland uses pound sterling now ? 
  i 'd hazard a guess that most of the concerns regarding immigration were about services and infrastructure struggling to cope . 
  this is particularly true in more rural areas like lincolnshire and east anglia that received big influxes of eastern european agricultural workers but pretty much no investment in schools , healthcare or infrastructure to reflect the increasing population . 
  and i suspect some people just flat-out felt uncomfortable with the rate of change that took place . 
  just because eastern europeans are white and christian does n't mean people here are going to be like ` oh well as long as they 're not muslims it 's fine ' . 
  no , it does n't work like that . 
  i do n't agree with them , by the way - i voted remain and would do so again tomorrow - but these are some of the reasons that motivated people to vote leave . 
  i personally think that they contributed a lot to our country and feel disappointed that so many are choosing to leave because they no longer feel welcome . 
  a cigarette and bottle of vodka are , of course , customary . 
  if eastern european countries leave the eu and it 's just western europe , the uk might rejoin since we wo n't be getting hundreds of thousands of poles or latvians . 
  each to their own , i guess . 
  indeed . 
  obviously a miner is at a disadvantage but those mining jobs are never coming back , so they can either be proactive and try to change their situation or just sit around whinging and/or vote for any moron promising the moon and more . 
  i know what i 'd do . 
  sure , why not . 
  not much i can do about that i 'm afraid . 
  you make no sense at all . 
  oh , and stop sending me private messages telling me to ` stfu ' for ` my own sake ' you fucking freak . 
  and please tell me how any of this is relevant to denmark 's retarded blasphemy law and the fact it is actually enforced ? 
  all that matters is that someone in denmark was charged for blasphemy , which is something you 'd expect in a sheep-herding backwater and not a supposedly civilised western nation . 
  there are plenty of archaic laws in the uk but they are never enforced . 
  get your shit together . 
  but users in sweden confirmed the legitimacy of the story . 
  we all know this happened . 
  we all know it 's fucked up . 
  this sub 's recent obsession with sweden is getting so boring . 
  a man was recently charged for ` blasphemy ' because he burnt a quran in denmark . 
  they 're plenty fucked up too , but danes appear to have a huge chip on their shoulder regarding sweden . 
  this is fucked up but it 's been posted at least 2-3 times already . 
  i wish people would check first before reposting old stories . 
  the cycle will continue repeating itself unless our economic system completely changes , which is n't going to happen . 
  i 'm not a snob - i just dislike people who sit around moaning about how shit their lives are without making any attempt to improve it . 
  the only way these people will get what they want is if the government creates high paying jobs out of thin air for people who are poorly educated/unskilled . 
  that wo n't happen though . 
   that may be the case , but right now it does n't really matter . 
  if they do , there will probably be another run of important political events . 
  right - so this cycle will continue repeating itself , for absolutely no end gain . 
  sometimes i wonder if voting restrictions based on education would actually be useful . 
  the point i 'm making is that the ones who feel disenfranchised now will still feel disenfranchised in 5 , 10 , 15 years time . 
  nothing will change for them .
