  also , pettiest shit ? 
  london 's transport might be good in the sense that it exists in the first place but do n't pretend for a second that it 's ` good ' in any other way . 
  over a third of all trains arriving at major london stations during rush hour only have standing room , railways are constantly blighted by delays and cancellations and they only seem to get worse . 
  this also ignores the fact that despite the presence of its apparently amazing transport congestion in london is still worse than anywhere else in the uk and amongst the worst in europe , the m25 is practically a car park . 
  the underground is pretty excellent - but it does n't serve everywhere , and is also appallingly hot in summer ( what kind of metro system does n't even have a/c ? ) . 
  london does n't benefit as much as people think from the uk 's centralised nature - the fact that so many people move there to find work only puts more pressure on housing , making the place extremely expensive and putting increased pressure on the already overstretched infrastructure . 
  councils are having to move tenants to far-flung places in the country like hull because they ca n't afford to house them anymore . 
  there are several boroughs in east london - admittedly none of them have a majority white british population ecept for havering , but anyone with an ounce of intelligence could realise that there is more than one white person in all of east london . 
  anyone with an ounce of intelligence would also accept the facts presented to them instead of denying it cos ` the stats are fudged !!, 
  london has been the centre of trade and governance in britain since it was first discovered by the romans - it 's certainly not a new or recent development . 
  this is why comparing the situation here to germany or italy is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  what people who complain about centralisation in the uk do n't realise is that london is one of only two regions in the uk that is a net contributor to the uk economy . 
  those who voted to punish london because they see it as the enemy either forget or just do n't realise that london is propping up the rest of the country via money transfers , and that london does n't get to keep most of the taxes it raises , unlike paris and new york which do . 
  if london suffers , we all suffer - simple as that . 
  all you do is bring one place down to the level of somewhere else , instead of trying to raise everywhere else up . 
  suffice to say , the brexit vote will likely make londoners and london politicians push for more london devolution and campaign for london to keep more of the money it raises , which will make the northern regions even poorer ( with the exception of cities like leeds and manchester which have strong local economies , having successfully adapted to the knowledge-based economy - no surprise they voted remain then ) . 
  that also raises another point - london has a strong and accountable leader , fighting for its corner . 
  the rest of the country rejected that . 
  the ne of england was given the chance of having a devolved assembly but said no . 
  you snooze you lose . 
  there 's only so much central government can do - regions of england like yorkshire and the ne receive a lot of public sector money as it is . 
  these regions will only become competitive by attracting private investment as well . 
  it 's not that simple though . 
  i grew up in a working class household , so my comment is based on my experiences growing up in that environment and interacting with those people for 18 years of my life . 
  as an example - i have a relative who believes , from the bottom of her heart , that only one white person lives in east london . 
  she made that remark to me earlier this year - obviously i knew it was a pile of shit so showed her evidence to the contrary , in the form of census data . 
  she was n't having any of it . 
  these people will take everything they read at face-value and will stubbornly stick to what they believe to be true even if it 's been proven to be false already . 
  no critical thinking of any kind is present in these individuals - they rely on tabloids to inform them , and the information they receive is usually crap . 
  i do n't know if they are necessarily stupid but they certainly have no desire to educate or inform themselves . 
  i do n't blame liberals in london choosing to live in a bubble of their own making when so much of the country is shit . 
  if i was a londoner i 'd be pretty pissed given london ( and the se ) is basically propping up the rest of the country with no thanks in return . 
  i hail from a working-class family and can confirm that most of them are ignorant bigots . 
  these people deserve our contempt , not our sympathy . 
  being poor is no excuse for being stupid . 
  wow , looks like a major snowfall in england . 
  heathrow would have grounded all flights . 
  but seriously , snow is nice , as long as it does n't melt and re-freeze . 
  this is why cold winters are good but borderline winters kind of suck . 
  you have no right to address me . 
  i do n't drink british-brand alcohol anyway , it 's revolting and uncouth . 
  it 's a chain pub for commoners . 
  only a minority of leave voters surveyed agree with any of the ` negative expectations ' , which to me implies they think nothing negative will happen at all . 
  so basically leaver voters think brexit will have no negative consequences for the uk * at all * . 
  i mean , come on - this is laughably naive . 
  i voted remain but do n't pretend that everything will be bad upon leaving the eu - surely leave voters are willing to concede that some things are likely to get worse . 
  many even willingly admit that a worsening british economy is worth it in return for lower immigration levels so i ca n't help but wonder if a lot of them are just being disingenuous . 
  well , i guess the maker of the video differentiates between ` city centre ' and ` inner city ' . 
  many americans cities have a nice downtown surrounded by lots of poverty . 
  exceptions of course exist on both continents . 
  good grief the comments below that article are something else . 
  i spend 3 hours a week commuting . 
  does n't seem bad to me . 
  20 minutes each way . 
  this is via bus and covers 4 miles from my district of leeds to the city centre . 
  not generally the case in the uk . 
  london would be the biggest exception with its very affluent inner-city districts such as kensington and chelsea , but then you have suburban areas such as richmond and wimbledon which i believe are the richest places in the uk ( and even rbkc has pockets of severe deprivation which you do n't find in richmond ) . 
  the far-left have this really bizarre obsession with russia and an unrelenting desire to defend it all the time , regardless of what it does . 
  reading the comments under certain guardian articles was a real eye-opener in this regard . 
  they really are a bunch of lunatics . 
  they would n't be so supportive of putin if they were faced with the realities of living in a shithole like russia . 
  the far-right are probably worse , but just a different side of the same coin . 
  but . . muslims . 
  end of europe . 
  get with the times . 
  oh do n't be so silly - people want an excuse to rant about muslims taking over europe . 
  it 's * that * time of the night . 
  it 's not about being relevant - i 'm a british person who voted to stay in the eu and still takes an interest in its affairs - and it 's hard not to given its close proximity . 
  not sure what the problem is tbh . 
  it 's about the atmosphere it created afterwards though - where certain groups of people feel empowered to actively target people they * suspect * to be homosexual . 
  being gay in russia in 2016 really is n't good at all - it might be perfectly legal but that does n't make it safe . 
  everything is my business . 
  oh do n't take it so personally - i was only half serious . 
  i think whipping people severely is a bit odd and not very nice for the person being whipped , but i do n't think austria is uncivilised because of it . 
  and i do n't think england is any better - in fact , i think it 's worse . 
  and i 'm very vocal about how much i dislike it . 
  so no arrogance . 
  great - so leave the eu , pay back all investments made in your country in that time and get your citizens to move back home . 
  oh , no , that wo n't happen . 
  i 've always been poor and mean , so piss off . 
  i think severely injuring someone to the point of needing hospital treatment is barbaric . 
  i thought austria was a beacon of modernity but i suppose it is just a country of rustic mountain dwellers . 
  i am disappointed . 
  i thought youth turnout was poor here but that is actually quite sad . 
  are n't most or at least a big chunk of terrorist arrests in spain a result of separatist groups ? 
  the city of bristol in england was rated highly in a terrorism index because of left-wing terrorist threats and belfast because of sectarianism violence . 
  both were rated higher than london with its islamic terror threat . 
   you ca n't look past the fact that in the end they are humans just like us . 
  uh , that 's what people are already doing . 
  it 's all fun and games until you 're the one with a broken bone in hospital . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed off . 
  some countries are so uncivilised !, 
  fair point - except that the uk has fewer immigrants as a % of its population than either sweden or norway and only a bit higher than denmark , so i 'm not sure . 
  i think it 's more case of the uk being a right-wing country and the electorate tend to reject those kinds of policies , even if there is evidence from elsewhere in the world that it work ( not that it would necessary work here but i see no reason why not ) . 
  the ` i 'm alright jack ' mindset really is very prevalent here . 
  it 's depressing . 
  denmark already features in the top 10 so no need to mention it . 
  yeah , and we have those problems too - but probably worse . 
  well , youth unemployment is n't high but that says nothing when so many people do unpaid internships or get paid so little but still have to contend with high costs . 
  work in the uk definitely does n't pay .
