  i do n't like large houses either . 
  i prefer intimate , cosy spaces . 
  i know people born in 1987 who missed out on voting in the 2005 general election by weeks . 
  their first time voting in a ge was 2010 , by which point they were 23 . 
  luckily for me i was 19 in may 2015 so eligible to vote , although i voted in the 2014 local elections as well . 
  see , i 'm not a kid and i do n't care about any of that . 
  i like living in busy , noisy areas with a lot of street activity and i would much rather walk around a dense urban neighbourhood than a field . 
  i would much rather have a balcony with a few plants and chairs than a big garden i have to spend time taking care of . 
  i want to say au revoir to lawn mowers and hedge trimmers . 
  i detest suburbia . 
  i wish our cities looked more like barcelona or madrid . 
  love their apartment buildings and near total absence of suburban sprawl . 
  seems rather pointless . 
  what do they achieve by killing this bird ? 
  and more to the point , what do people have against flamingos ? 
  that is how sovereign states work though . 
  why should n't they be above prague ? 
  i agree that prague is much nicer than either but not necessarily a better place to live from a qol perspective . 
  of course it does . 
  london is one of the most exciting cities in the world . 
  people in the uk do n't really believe in pointless small talk either , especially in london where people are quite aloof . 
  but i agree that londoners are quite friendly - but it 's a big , busy city and people have places to be . 
  admittedly they may not have time to stand and chit-chat . 
  so their life being in danger is n't a reason for asylum ? 
  nicer usually equates to duller though . 
  vienna and zurich seem lovely , but they 're obviously quite small and boring compared to london . 
  people live in these cities for different reasons . 
  or maybe they did n't want to die . 
  fight or flight is real . 
  but those things are all applicable to the general populace . 
  the mega cities do n't usually rank that highly in quality of life , but if you have the money then few places can beat london , new york and paris imo . 
   this perpetual uncertainty can not be good for the scottish economy . 
  it is n't . 
  investors are avoiding scotland due to the uncertainty caused by this ` will they wo n't they ' never-ending independence drama . 
  if they do vote to stay in the uk by a very narrow margin like quebec did , then expect an exodus of businesses from scotland to the rest of the uk , in the same fashion that montreal lost out to toronto after their second ( and last ) independence referendum that was extremely close ( 50.5 % to 49.5 % ) . 
  like i said the last time this map was posted , they are using the term ` secessionist movement ' very loosely . 
  there are no serious secessionist movements in england . 
  it 's one of my favourite cities in the world . 
  very beautiful and well worth the visit . 
  oh , alright then . 
  what 's the wake up call supposed to be ? 
  exactly . 
  i have no idea why people think this will help pvv . 
  there is no logic behind this line of thought . 
  it would help pvv if the dutch were bending over backwards for the turkish fm . 
  fuck off back to turkey then you stupid cunts . 
  ungrateful shits have a home in safe and highly developed country and all they can do is bitch and moan because some foreign politician is n't allowed to hold a rally there . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't agree with what i 'm saying . 
  they 're still being vilified because they explicitly said they would n't do something , but did it anyway . 
  although the tories do the same thing and are rarely punished , so meh . 
  maybe they prefer to holiday at home . 
  still surprising though . 
   not because of migrants . 
  no , because of their children and grandchildren . 
  the us is not a shining beacon of successful integration . 
   because nobody told them they should become one . 
  and because europeans do n't view them as one . 
  many western european countries are highly patriotic . 
  france being a good example . 
  the uk to a certain extent . 
  but an immigrant from , say , pakistan could be as integrated as possible and europeans by and large would not view them as a european . 
  they will always be a pakistani . 
  triggered much ? 
   incredibly successful assimilation lol are you fucking kidding me ? 
  american cities are extremely segregated and have sky-high homicide rates , and those murders are mostly committed by blacks and latinos . 
  they have serious gang problems . 
  canada and australia would be far better examples of successful integration . 
  although you do have a point . 
  in the us , immigrants are eventually seen as american . 
  immigrants in europe are never seen as european . 
  even their children are never seen as european . 
  america is a country built on immigration so it 's not too surprising . 
  i do n't blame romania or romanians specifically . 
  i blame the idiots who thought romania and other strange places joining the eu was a good idea in the first place . 
  of course they would start flooding other countries the first chance they got . 
  homeless romanian beggars are a common sight all over europe . 
  yeah , that goes without saying . 
  i meant that the uk has already cast itself asunder so we will be at the mercy of larger entities . 
  the rest of europe can remain united and avoid that . 
  can you please tell that to all the romanians and bulgarians flooding the uk ? 
  we do n't want them here . 
  not that i can blame them for wanting to leave but come on - they 're even worse than those horrible poles . 
  not to mention the hordes of gypsies that plague our cities thanks to your dump of a country being accepted into the eu - for who knows what reason ( certainly not for our benefit ) . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that 80 % of rough sleepers in london are from romania or bulgaria . 
  there 's no wonder the indian demographic in the uk voted to leave the eu - they have been on the receiving end of racism from eastern europeans for years , even though they 've been in our country for far longer . 
  if there is one benefit of leaving the eu is that we 'll get far fewer degenerates from ee moving here . 
  thank fuck for that . 
   the quality of life in spain or italy is still significantly higher than in the uk or germany no it is n't . 
  spain and italy do n't rank above the uk or germany in any quality of life ranking . 
  eh , in the uk we 've become a bit more accustomed to coalition politics . 
  i find that surprising actually . 
  the spanish population is one of the fastest growing groups in the uk . 
  a lot of them do , but for different reasons . 
  poles and latvians move to the uk for higher wages , but unemployment is rather low . 
  people from spain and italy move to the uk because it 's harder to find a job back home , even though wages are much higher than eastern europe . 
  at the end of the day , if people vote to bring down the eu that will be to their detriment as europe sinks further into irrelevance and individual nations are pushed around by larger ones . 
  the political class will always be fine . 
  juncker and merkel might be out of jobs but they 'll continue to live comfortable lives , largely shielded from the problems of the common man . 
  the people on the ground are the ones who suffer . 
  people will cut off their nose to spite their face , and they will get exactly what they deserve by doing so .
