  i 'm gon na say you are sarcastic , but mine was a joke , not a correction . 
  romeo and juliette, 
  who design that auto correct and adaptive typing ? 
  you get new york city , i would have sold birmingham on ebay at that point . 
  they do n't have palestine !, 
  the closest thing to a latenite is striscia , but since our best asset for the video is berlusconi ... 
  c a l c i o, 
  manhattan had at his peak 2 million people , there are what ? 
  15 avenue ? 
  sure it can be done ( manhattan is not the most crowded place in the world ) , but i feel like it ca n't happen by a normal development , you have to urbanize the city in order to do it . 
  thank you for the laugh , i really need that . 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  we absolutely should take advantage of being such a big market . 
  random question time : thought on the new concert hall ? 
  germany goes to poland ? 
  germany goes to czech republic ? 
  we commit war crimes for the team !, 
  we use gas poison on civilian , mutilate enemies , we kill prisoner and you are saying that it was all for nothing ?!, 
  [ he probably learn that from the best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lehjlbiuty ), 
  it 's oddly true in a way . 
  whenever i hear someone proposing a big privatization of railways i thank britain that show us how bad of an idea that can be . 
  we lost a third of our stereotype . 
  we have to play the mandolin again , even if it sucks , we ca n't lost our roots . 
  iirc gaud\u00ed architectural style was in part a way to escape to that symmetry barcellona was force into from the state . 
  someone can confirm that ? 
  i would expect something like : home of people that came to prague and ca n't hold a couple of beer . 
  only if you call your country austria because if you use \u00d6sterreich you are behind them . 
  more than half the population in working age ( 25-64 ) . 
  vaffanculo france !, 
  i bet it 's da romano . 
  quite a famous place for that risotto of g\u00f2 . 
  that 's explain calabria . 
  :p https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arb%c3%abresh%c3%ab_people  the arb\u00ebresh\u00eb or italo-albanians are an ethnic and linguistic albanian minority community living in southern italy , mostly concentrated in scattered villages in the region of calabria , corsica is still a mistery . 
  that 's a clever way to solve it . 
  infamis , comp . 
  di in-2 e fama `` fama '' ] . 
  : \u00e8 un i. strozzino ; m ' ha ingannato , quell ' infame !, 
  i 'm also teaching you course words . 
  i deserve that beer . 
  ( if you are wondering in italy there is a political party called `` 5 stars movement '' , not r/italy favorite ), 
  i think that 's the point . 
  stronzo is consumed by an excessive use frequently as a joke . 
  it lost the intensity . 
  infame is not used much except by mafiosi . 
  plus the definition of infame suit terrorist a lot better . 
  stronzo is not harsh enough . 
  figlio di puttana is better or just infame . 
  please do n't . 
  we already have those . 
  what can i say , the occasion to : make a joke , being a grammarnazi , trolling pro-palestinian and making fun of pro-israel arguments show up and i take it . 
  i 'm guilty . 
  maybe i should be downvoted . 
  that 's palestine , i 'm talking about palistine . 
  i dare you to find one person that recognize palistine as a country . 
  let me express my opinion on the israel/palistine situation . 
  i want to say that in the history of humankind palistine was never a independent country and it will never be a country . 
  so just give up . 
  i thought there was a picture of casu frazigu . 
  a type of cheese that have worms in it . 
  so they are going to disappear anyways . 
  you still have the nokia 3310 . 
  not an italian dish . 
  it 's not a fresh fish , it 's cod fished in the ocean and then dried . 
  for them , without refrigeration and modern transport , it was a great way to eat fish , someone from venice would never do that , they would just eat fresh fish . 
  still toxic food then . 
  i guess we really ca n't save you from your taste . 
  stop it ... we can show you the right way to cook your dried fish ... it 's call baccala alla vicentina . 
  i have one word : \u0106evap\u010di\u0107i . 
  right ? 
  who would give up to prosecco ? 
  really ? 
  how dumb can you be ? 
  that could actually work . 
  thousands is a bit exaggerated , and civita is one of the most special one . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i_borghi_pi%c3%b9_belli_d%27italia those are an association of the best `` borghi '' of italy , there are about 250 small town . 
  ( hurt to read a names that we learn to know in the previous months , amatrice , norcia etc ), 
  are you sure that tuscany is n't richer than the average of england minus london . 
  ca n't be civilization , it 's calabria . 
  but magneto is holding his sticks over the bar that will have to go up in order for them to get out of that thing . 
  he 's not wiser than her . 
  if only politicians could be chosen by the people ... 
  i 'm disappointed if that was n't the joke . 
  i did n't know the history of the trade between russia and germany in wwii , thanks i guess . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3apav2/why_did_nazigermany_invade_russia_in_ww2_when/csetvja/ but they were not allied , due to an ideological and racial hate so they could n't trust each other and eventually germany tried to eliminate the problem . 
  it was n't a practical decision only because they lost . 
  old on , we did n't vote them but to say they take the power by force is a stretch . 
  they march on rome , yes , but that was almost a joke . 
  the king did n't fight them even if he could , he was worried by the possibility of a civil war and by the chance of a communist uprising and he decide to trust mussolini with a new government . 
  of course there is different in fascism . 
  all fascism is bad , not all fascism are equally bad . 
  franco regime was not as bad as hitler was . 
  and you may think that if you are one of those that will oppose it all fascism are the same , but you will be wrong . 
  some regime may send you to france , some will beat you , some will put you in prison , other may take your children and trow you off a plance in the ocean , other will keep you in a concentration camp , other will kill you in a concentration camp . 
  i agree it 's a useless comparison and a dangerous one but never the less it is possible to rank dickheads on how much dickhead they are . 
  i would n't say they were allied , they just agree to fuck poland together . 
  but that 's about it . 
  if they were allied , germany would n't have any reason to attack , i think they attack to have access to resources . 
  sorry but i feel like that train is gone , i guarantee you the only answer you will get now is either `` maybe , we will see '' or `` e le foibe ? '', 
   we are pretty conscious of our role and it is ingrained in school about our faults . 
  that 's a stretch .
