  do americans in foreign countries actually say things like this ? 
  not trolling , not sarcasm . 
  when my wife and i visited rome , we knew where the americans were , just follow the screaming . 
  but does this kind of thing actually happen ? 
    the people of one country are responsible for that countries actions . 
  it is not out of your control . 
  you have no idea how i wish this was true : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_college, 
  so , check you off for anti-americanism ? 
  joking !, 
  ^ why ^ do ^ you ^ have ^ to ^ be ^ so ^ right ? 
  thanks . 
  not trying to troll , just genuinely curious . 
   trace it and be proud of it , but remember that it was your ancestors , not you , that came from that place . 
  there are many citizens from boston and other east coast cities that came here but a paltry 200 years ago , direct from the emerald isles , that would disagree with you . 
  if you consider that timeframe in relevance to how long ireland was around before us ; does that mean anything in contemporary irish society ? 
  do you have grandparents that told stories of being in different times or different places , where your family moved from one country to another ? 
  or , do you have any stories where they were forced to go from that place to the other ? 
  does that interest you if they did ? 
  mexico owned a huge portion of the southern united states ( including california ) for a significant portion of our adolescence , but not many of the people in texas actually speak spanish , anymore . 
  other than , well , the mexicans . 
   americans seem obsessed with where they came from i think this may be a bit of an over-statement , at least for those of us who are actually ** studying ** our ancestry . 
  or , perhaps it really does define the phenomenon . 
  i do n't pretend to know how some of the things in europe came to be , in spite of the paltry teachings of my world history teachers . 
  however , i do take pains to learn what was happening in the times of my ancestors , historically and culturally . 
  i think there may be an element of romance for us . 
  we do n't have great and ancient architectural ruins . 
  shit , where i live , they are tearing down buildings that are not even 50 years old ; make way for the new steel and glass . 
  i have visited one city that i know my family/ancestors existed in , so far . 
  i will be visiting two of the other three this summer . 
  while walking around in that city , i found myself feeling `` nostalgia '' for something , i do n't know how to say it , that my ancestors were a part of . 
  this may sound like i probably need professional help ; i visualized what the streets must have looked like then . 
  i have done research , tried to find old photos of what the town looked like , etc. 
  it 's less of an obsession , and more of a longing . 
  not sure how that will resonate . 
  do you not wonder where your bloodline originated ? 
  if you already know , do you not kind of feel a sense of awe ? 
  not sarcasm , just questioning . 
  just for clarification , where are you from . 
  no flair , and all . 
  but , but ... what if i am 35 % polish ? 
  i get this , we do n't like those people either . 
  what i am more curious about is how it seems to leave a bad taste in european mouths . 
  some of the other responses have kind of cleared that up . 
  i get it , it does come off as pretentious when framed this way . 
   the us is a nation built on immigration , in all of it 's bloody and tumultuous history . 
  not trying to exclude , but i kind of included that already . 
  i was trying to respond individually to the responses here and found that my answer was the same ( or similar ) for each . 
  the issue seems to stem from americans claiming a cultural heritage , seeking validation of the shared ties to the country , but are lacking the actual experience of living in the country ( ies ) . 
  e.g. , `` i 'm scottish !, 
  '' , but do n't really know what life is like in scotland , or are in any way familiar with the societal norms or history ? 
  does this sound more or less accurate ? 
  this is very sadly the result of the fact that we have so many of them here in the us . 
  our homeless situation is beyond morbid , with tent cities constructed under overpasses and unoccupied urban areas . 
  civil war is almost always nasty and teaches some of the the longest lasting lessons . 
  i 'm seriously afraid we might be heading towards part two over here . 
  thanks for posting . 
  growing up i knew what merde meant before i knew what shit meant ( mom cursed in french so we did n't know what she was saying ) . 
  my entire family on my mother 's side is either french-canadian or directly french ( traced back to about 1600 or so ) . 
  that family taught me about great food , better wine and what romance is really about . 
  i have so much respect for the french . 
  from an american standpoint , even though i 'm seriously lacking in french history ... pour me a glass and pass the cheese . 
  two things : 1 - write a book and then pm me a link to it . 
  do n't care what it 's about . 
  that was incredibly well written . 
  2 - i 'm always amazed at what i did n't know that i did n't know about dear old grandad . 
  thanks for posting . 
  i 'm watching this tomorrow when i get home . 
  thanks for the link . 
  killed 50 % of the population ... 50 % ... 
  so much for thou shalt not kill ... jesus , mary and joseph ... 
  this image is closest to the one forever burned in my brain from school when talking about napoleon . 
  note the obvious wooden hand tucked into his jacket . 
  wait , wait , wait ... you sang , and sang and it helped to restore your independence ? 
  that . 
  awesome !, 
  i have never heard of this . 
  yep , that 's what i was taught . 
  the reign of terror bit . 
  think chapters in our classroom texts . 
  when i was in school napoleon was represented as a conquerer . 
  in fact , most of my history classes did n't even associate him with the revolution . 
  he took over most of europe , was short with a wooden hand ( which is why he was always painted with his hand tucked into his jacket ) and he was a military genius . 
  his political accomplishments were a footnote , at best . 
  that was napoleon in school when i was growing up . 
  i swear in every history class i took , that correlation was never made . 
  kids in my school were taught that the french people got tired of the poverty and just started killing nobles . 
  that 's obviously a massive paraphrase , but it 's the gist of it . 
  this is why i asked the question . 
  when i was in school , we learned that the french revolution was bad . 
  the people were mad and a lot of french nobles lost their heads , but that 's about it . 
  then something , something revolutionary war , thanks france !, 
   how pc of you :p . cheeky bastard , or is that not pc ? 
  i 'm still learning the ropes here . 
  :d  to be honest , a lot of what you wrote seems fairly arbitrary . 
  do you have any person ( s ) ^ tm , people ^ ( copyright pending ) , mates ^ ( source verification needed ) , or `` pronouns to be determined '' ^ ( check with teh lawyers ) that will go absolutely ape-shit if you do n't comply with their social status/demands ? ^ ( copyright ? ), 
  do you cheer ^ ( check teh copyright laws here ) for your `` son '' ^ ( does the ` child ' ` self-identify ' as ` male ' ? ), 
  at socc ... er uh , football ^ ( nfl license required ) games ? 
   is polarised opinion a new thing ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  but , have you seen how we americans can improve on a system ?
