there are very few labor unions left in the us . 
  primarily in blue collar work sector . 
  proving that you were fired `` unlawfully '' is tedious and expensive . 
  it 's your word against theirs and you have to hire a lawyer to sue on your behalf . 
  the burden of proof is on you , not the company . 
  of course , sometimes companies do unbelievably stupid things and the employee wins , but again , you have to prove wrong-doing on the company 's part . 
    ` twat ' is nonexistent here and ` cunt ' is considered more obscene than ` fuck ' . 
  i think this is geographical , possibly . 
  twat is the go-to in my circle of friends and co-workers because we know how offensive cunt is generally , as an insult here in the us . 
  growing up , i had a friend whose stepfather was a citizen of the republic of colorado or some such . 
  every year he had to fill out a stack of forms 2 inches thick . 
  he had no driver 's license , but could legally drive . 
  he paid no state taxes and some other crazy shit . 
  i do n't know if it still exists , but he did it every single year . 
  i really like doug stanhope , no refunds is a great show . 
  his earlier stuff is pretty good , but he 's started to become repetitive . 
  monster and like totally by dylan moran . 
  you are all diseased by george carlin delirious by eddie murphy i like bill burr and louis ck , as well . 
  give me anything by jim jefferies , all day long and i am a happy man . 
  eddie izzard dressed to kill will forever and always be in my top 5 standups of all time . 
  the man brilliant . 
  puff , puff , pass . 
  well , share with the class . 
  what makes you laugh ? 
  [ autotune , always gives it up . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g76duy7jky ), 
  filthy robotses ... they want to steal , my , preciousss ... 
  credit to / u/mnyx for the video . 
  the robot told me to do it . 
   better to go with fulanita . 
  much like cabroncito . 
  yes , i just called you an ass , but i added `` cito '' , so it 's now cute . 
   zutano is hardly ever used . 
  totally fine if you want to name your death metal band that . 
  dammit , we already picked `` los flojos '' . 
   why is it that 90 % of questions asked by americans on this subreddit are about what europeans think about various aspects of america . 
  because we 're scared . 
  because we 're over-zealous and fanatical . 
  because we 're intrigued . 
  because we 're frighteningly under-educated regarding the world-at-large . 
  because this place is called askeurope and i 'm not at all being sarcastic , but pick one . 
  i cringe so hard at times from the posts or responses i see on this sub from some of my countrymen , people , mates ... or even worse , myself . 
  i think most of it stems from the desire to belong . 
  to find out that maybe the crap that surrounds most of us in our day-to-day may be mirrored or validated from places most of us have never been to . 
  i do n't think that any maliciousness or discourtesy is intended , we just do n't have the same variety of culture here as there is in the rest of the world . 
  and no , even though we have people from many nations here , we really only have the american culture , as we tend to reject other cultures for our own . 
  totally get that . 
  i 'd have preferred zutano over juan . 
  so much cooler . 
   zutano is this regional ? 
  the spanish textbooks that i learned from were written by a spanish couple and they always used more general names like , juan and juanita . 
  zutano sounds like a norse metal band name . 
  i 've definitely find the same . 
  it always seems funnier in my head than it does the next morning . 
  drunk and arguing on reddit ? 
  surely you jest !, 
  the other thing i noticed in european cooking is the actual use of spices . 
  here we just add a bunch of sugar or salt to give it flavor . 
  the `` italian '' food we eat stateside is nothing like real italian . 
  it 's much heavier and has way too much of all of the ingredients . 
  we added a bunch of fat to the food , essentially . 
  i 've been to italy twice and visited 5 cities in two distinct regions , not once , on a single menu did i find fettuccine alfredo . 
  i found one small place that offered `` lasagna '' . 
  it was like 3 layers of this really light lamb or beef and tomato sauce with noodles and just a smattering of ricotta cheese , that was it . 
  it was incredible . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  there are a lot of other subs here that will just dismiss what you say . 
  at least in my experience , people here do n't just throw out random stuff . 
  people discuss , knowledgeably . 
  [ oil ] ( http://www.anvari.org/fun/world_trade_center/710_reasons_to_invade.html ), 
  i 'll say this , / r/askeurope is by far one of the more intelligent subs when it does break into politics . 
  you may not always agree , but you can be damned sure someone is gon na make you look something up before you open your mouth . 
  or hands , people type here , they do n't talk . 
   we did n't create the mess there on so many levels , yes we did . 
  maybe not all of it , but man , we were there and we helped create the mess . 
   islamic terrorism i 'm neither right nor left in american politics and i have grown so incredibly tired of the word '' [ terrorism ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/terrorism?s=t ) '' . 
  if we go by this definition , then anyone that contrives to gain something by making other people scared , is a terrorist . 
  there is little divide , at least for me here in the states , between what isis , radical islamists and what some of the less savory actions of [ god fearing people will do in the name of their redeemer ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-14259356 ) . 
  for me , the truth lies solidly with our unending , human need to meddle in others ' affairs . 
  we need to back up and let other humans be themselves . 
  it 's not always going to be a pretty thing , event or person , but we are what we are . 
   or take a look at what saddam did . 
  those massacres had very little to do with us intervention ( although he was perceived as one of our/your guys back then ) . 
  from what i know , the cia put saddam in power in the first place . 
  when he then went out and started to kill the opposing ba'ath party as a result , the u.s. just kinda shrugged and said `` oops . '', 
  we did n't really do much about it though , at least not until daddy bush was almost taken from us prematurely . 
  dubya took care of that . 
  reading up on the iran-saudi proxy conflict , it 's still on-going and further supports my thought that we should keep our noses out of other people 's closets . 
  i sincerely do n't mean to sound condescending , but the middle east has got to figure things out for themselves . 
  i think a huge part of the problem is that we , the so-called developed world , keep trying to tell them what is right and what is wrong . 
  there are still a few of u.s. , that have n't figured that out for ourselves . 
    i feel when we do this , the citizens of other countries look at the citizens of america badly . 
  having spent most of my time on reddit in this sub , i think this statement is misplaced . 
  most of the people here , from my observations , do n't see american citizens as doing something `` badly '' . 
  what our government does , may be a completely different topic . 
  by-and-large , this is one of the most accepting subs i have found on this site . 
  an overriding theme here , however , does paint our politics and government as scary or nonsensical ; rightfully so , in some regards . 
  they pay more attention to the u.s. than we do to them , that is for sure . 
  change `` 18th century wigged british man '' to `` a rich , conniving politician '' , and i think that about sums it up . 
   i believe that the rise of terrorism in the last 20 years is to a large degree the effect of us interventionism in the middle east .
