  questions ? 
    who gets to say that 's rude ? 
  and how is that different from pc ? 
  first , it is my greatest hope that neither of us would attend an invited feast and find cause to call one or the others ' mothers a whore . 
  just want to clarify this point . 
  regarding the question ; optimistically , in your house , what would the odds be of me having my face mashed in by any number of the people present ? 
  who would stand up and say , `` really dude , your mom is kind of whorish '' ? 
  pc here in the u.s. is less about who has a whore for a mother and more about who believes that their mom is less of a whore than the other person . 
  they rage , pointing out all of the singular faults of the other . 
  at the same time , neither one will fess up to the things that , maybe , they could do better . 
  both are offended by what the other wants , and no one listens to the other . 
  so , we have stagnation . 
    what i am saying is it describes norms pertaining to what is and is n't socially acceptable at the time this is where it gets tricky . 
  under normal circumstances , you would be 100 % correct . 
  in the u.s. right now , however , nothing is as it seems/was . 
  the right and left wing politics are vehemently opposed to each other , with very little middle ground . 
  what does pc mean right now for us ? 
  political correctness is simply not agreeing with < insert opposing political topic here  , find a way to be offended by it or justify it , dealers ' choice . 
  it seems overly simple , but ask anyone about unisex bathrooms ( or one of the 20-something genders ) or legalization of same-sex marriage ... gun laws or immigration . 
  then reserve some time for the ensuing arguments . 
    if i come to your house and call your mother a whore , and you get offended , are you being pc and authoritarian ? 
  no , you 're being rude . 
  pc is not a sterile edict of wrong or right . 
  it 's a collective mentality of what people who prescribe to a political rhetoric find to be offensive to the public-at-large , regardless of personal beliefs . 
  in short , what 's good for the goose , is good for the gander , even if you do n't agree . 
  halloween costumes : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/08/us/yale-lecturer-resigns-after-email-on-halloween-costumes.html?_r=0 this happened , and at one of our most prestigious institutes of higher learning , yale . 
  where the smart people go to get even smarter . 
  also note , the source is not buzzfeed or any of the other troll websites , but the oft praised ny times . 
  in the u.s. , this is something real and has enormous impact , culturally , politically and more damningly , socially/legally . 
  source : new york times - dec 7 , 2015, 
   `` to table a motion `` means the exact opposite here . 
  intrigued response : what does `` tabling a motion '' mean to dutch meatbags , master ? 
  what rules of debate do you follow ? 
   here , it means `` we 're never going to talk about this again ... unless it means more money for the military . '', 
  i 've read this a couple of times and to be honest , your thought escaped me . 
  i just read it again and have to say that i completely agree . 
  political correctness in the us of a does kind of sit snuggly in the radical sects of our politics . 
  this is likely related to the fact that we really only have two voices here , and they are tied to either left or right wing rhetoric . 
  when americans read left or right party in the eu , they automatically assume that it means what we have here . 
  in writing , there are similarities , but i think there is a lot lost in translation insofar as what left and right mean in europe . 
  yes , i have . 
  in the u.s. , i 'm considered to be an independent , my views are very much the middle of the road . 
  i have some conservative beliefs and i have some liberal beliefs . 
  i have rarely had a good conversation with anyone from the two ruling parties . 
  it 's very much a `` you are with us or against us '' mentality . 
  as such , i try to avoid those conversations as much as possible . 
    if so , what was their reaction when you said `` i do n't really care '' ? 
  normally , red-faced anger at my `` complete and utter lack of understanding and empathy '' ... from both sides . 
   it 's discussed in the context of overly sensitive americans . 
  it 's almost like you know us or something . 
  i 've posted below to another response , but wanted to add my own two cents to the discussion . 
  political correctness in the u.s. is not just a liberal thing , though it is often associated with liberals mostly . 
  there are pc conservatives , as well . 
  what they get offended by is just different and we do n't call them sjws , but they do all of the same things ; protest , try to have civil liberties removed by getting laws passed . 
  the conservatives are just as vocal about what offends them and what they think we should or should not be allowed to do or say , they just care about different things . 
  from a more holistic standpoint , the term `` political correctness '' is kind of a devolved , generic term for the right and left parties ca n't agree on a goddamn thing anymore . 
  so , they spend all of their time trying to block or derail what the other side is doing . 
  or more accurately , being offended by what the other side is doing . 
  both sides have very clear and strong opinions about the rules that everyone should be following and what is or is not offensive to the public as a whole . 
  tl ; dr - pc does n't mean the same thing in the u.s. as it did in the 80s and the 90s . 
  not necessarily ; the pc movement spans the political spectrum here , just in different ways . 
  although it is mostly regarded as a liberal thing , it falls on both sides of the line . 
  helicopter parenting , for example , is seen on both sides of the lines and is widely considered to be part of the pc movement . 
  the `` special snowflakes '' are not just liberals ; anyone who was raised sheltered and demands that others accept their beliefs can fall into the pc category over here . 
  in short , political correctness is not exclusive to the liberals , the conservatives just have different touchstones , like no cussing or nudity in movies . 
  our crazy liberals call everything cultural appropriation ; if you 're not hispanic and you eat mexican food , cultural appropriation . 
  if you 're not asian and you use chopsticks , cultural appropriation . 
  it goes on from there . 
  in the u.s. , this is all mutually exclusive to the huge pc movement . 
  do n't assume gender , do n't assume sexual orientation , do n't do anything that would offend anyone , ever . 
   for this fragile lettuce is my favorite part . 
  the `` taste of chicken '' is just normal mickey d 's operating procedure . 
  it 's royale *** wit *** cheese ... gosh !, 
  love that the chicken sandwich is called chikker . 
  so close , yet so far away from chicken . 
  google 's translation of it 's description : the original taste of chicken topped with honey-mustard sauce . 
  for this fragile lettuce and wheat bread with cornmeal . 
  well invented burger with you in mind !, 
  well , we drank two bottles of it . 
  i 'm sure that was the stuff , he was very excited about it . 
  sorry , i was going for just a touch of a comedic effect . 
  the internet can make delivery awkward . 
  edit : leave it to a german to say it 's only 18 % by volume . 
  child 's play . 
  college roommate had some of that sent in a care package from his aunt in germany . 
  as for the taste , it did n't really matter , after the second drink you could be drinking battery acid and still not feel a damn thing . 
  i distinctly remember wondering where my face had gone . 
  i wo n't even get into the hangover . 
  that was a good night . 
  yep , i know it 's about foods . 
  i think people just generalize it . 
    as if we all like clockwork pull out a pillow at 3pm we visited barcelona for our honeymoon two years ago . 
  we were there for a full week and by the end of it had trained ourselves to go out and get whatever we needed before ~ 3:00 pm to 6:00 pm . 
  the only thing that we could find that stayed open during those times were smaller bars or the local shops that are n't run by spaniards . 
    also , the `` spaniards are always tardy '' stereotype i had always thought this was more a central/south american thing . 
  from my limited experience in spain , the pace of life seems to slow down there , but everywhere we went , people were definitely busting their asses at work or play . 
  oh , and would anyone care to sponsor me there ? 
  things are going to get much worse over here . 
  :p edit : i ca n't english very well at times . 
  i know this thread is for eu education , but figured , why not ?
