  can you also understand german ? 
  i have been told that the two languages are very similar , or can be understood like say , spanish and portuguese . 
  so pronouncing a word with `` d\u017a '' instead of `` cz '' when it should be `` cz '' wo n't change the word sister to asshole ? 
  pardon my language , but i learned a very valuable lesson when i was learning spanish about proper pronunciation . 
  yep , clear as mud . 
   in all seriousness , i really do appreciate you taking the time to explain . 
  i think if i could actually hear the words , it would help . 
  i am getting the basic grasp of it . 
  you . 
  are . 
  killing . 
   so , similar to zh ... phonetically ? 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  most americans do n't care to learn other languages , or even speak english very well . 
  they do n't really take the time to understand the sounds , or where the words come from . 
  inflection is something that is taught , but only in terms of direct speech . 
  we are n't taught about diphthongs or mixed consonants . 
  these are things that i do try to pay attention to , mostly because i have actually learned a second language . 
  i completely understand your point , though . 
  that makes sense . 
  kind of like mixing d and j together ... 
  any nuances like accentuations or contextual use ? 
  meaning , do you substitute a different character when speaking to an elder , or does the letter change sounds based on tense/audience ? 
  ok ... vowel structure : a = ah e = eh i = ee o = oh u = ooh is this similiar to polish ? 
  i know you may have other vowel sounds , but i 'm trying to get a basic grasp . 
  so , similar to the j in just ? 
  i 'm pretty confident in my ability to pronounce them , i 'm just more concerned about contextual/situational usage . 
  like the difference between using cz as opposed to using ch . 
  i know from learning spanish that `` tengo hambre '' is much different from `` tengo hombre '' , on many , many different levels . 
  wait , where is the cute little z with the line through it , or is it a y ? 
  either way , what kind of sound does it make ? 
  edit : and i know what that means , it was a bathtub , not a river . 
  you big bully . 
  ahem ... it 's ` murican first of all . 
  second of all , we have a problem speaking to ** you ** foriners because you can speek propir english , mkay ? 
  whatever ... 
  this . 
  this is my biggest concern . 
  while i know that you use the latin alphabet , you still have those cute little z 's with the line through them . 
  i 'm sure that there are specific and contextual uses for them , yes ? 
  this is why i love spanish . 
  it 's spelled the way it 's pronounced and vice versa . 
  i have noticed that the pronunciation of many european languages is similar . 
  the same , or similar , vowel structure . 
  it 's the idiosyncrasies that you have to adapt to . 
  the sz , ch and `` lisp '' sounds that the language makes . 
  equal diphthongs or at least similar in sound , etc. 
  it 's definitely starting to look like german . 
  i would n't mind jumping language trees though , and that is what is making the decision more difficult . 
  these are pretty much the same reasons my german speaking friend recommended german . 
  he 's american , but was raised in germany . 
  his father was in the military and they lived all across germany until he was in his early 20s . 
  he did say that german does some `` unique '' things with grammar , but that it can be very straightforward if you try not to think about how complicated it can be . 
  does that make any sense ? 
  i think he learned german and english side-by-side . 
  i know he 's totally comfortable in either language , speaking , reading and writing . 
  german being a gateway to dutch and the some of the nordic languages is another reason i like it . 
  thanks for the response !, 
  my hesitation with the slavic languages more stems from the reading and writing aspect . 
  i like to kind of learn all of the mechanics of the language , which is what has kept me well away from the asian and cyrillic languages . 
  as you pointed out , i 'm from the us . 
  we are kind of short on the whole polyglot front , what with the `` learn english or leave '' approach here . 
  or at the very least , i 'm a bit short of them in my general area . 
  i have looked at / r/polyglot , but it 's not hugely active . 
  i guess i my overall question is that i was looking for insight to a language that i could link to from what i have already learned that is n't a romance language . 
  as to learning languages as a hobby , you can learn an incredible amount about a culture by learning their language ( lost in translation issues , etc. 
  ) , so it 's a touch more of a passion . 
  also , it really helps with travelling , which is also a passion . 
  [ freedom !!!, 
  this was in poor taste , but it is kind of how we handle our `` democracy '' . 
    the vetting legal owners go through wait , what ? 
  i 've read that somewhere around 40 % of guns are purchased at gun shows without the requisite background or legal checks . 
  of all of the gun owners i have known ( not even close to a small number ) , most of them have records and are n't even allowed to own a gun . 
  the rest bought the guns from friends or other less-than-legal means . 
  i know exactly two people that own firearms who are fully and legally registered and they regularly maintain , practice and get updated training with their guns . 
  perhaps for the people that actually go through the necessary channels what you said is true , but they are certainly not the majority . 
  i support our second amendment for what it was intended to be ; allowing states to maintain a mobile militia to protect themselves from an oppressive government ( something to do with being at war with britain at the time ) . 
  not this errored `` my gobermint says i can own a gun , so i ` mma buy me a gun ! '', 
  responded below , but i 'm also gon na add it to the main thread : asvab = armed services vocational aptitude battery . 
  it 's a baseline skills assessment that the armed forces use here to loosely identify your skillsets . 
  ssi = supplemental security income . 
  government assistance for those who can not work due to physical or mental illness/restrictions . 
  asvab = armed services vocational aptitude battery . 
  it 's a baseline skills assessment that the armed forces use here to loosely identify your skillsets . 
  ssi = supplemental security income . 
  government assistance for those who can not work due to physical or mental illness/restrictions . 
  to start : native - english fluent - spanish can get into trouble with , but not out of - italian , french ( mostly able to read ) i can read most of the romance languages ( including portuguese and catalan ) to varying degrees , as long as it 's not filled with dialect/slang . 
  not to say that i can give you a word for word translation , but i can grab the gist . 
  based on what i can already kind of play with , any suggestions for another language that might be easier to pick up ? 
  the slavic languages are a bit intimidating , but i 'm not ruling them out . 
  a friend recommended german since the grammar structure is fairly strict and should n't be too different from spanish ( flipping adjectives/nouns/verbs around and such ... ) . 
  just looking for some insight from others native speakers who have also learned the mess that is english . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : thanks to everyone for their input to this thread !, 
  for anyone interested , i think i have settled on german . 
  i 'm pretty excited about learning it as i know a few people that are fluent and would be more than happy to help me with it . 
  as a side note , i want to thank / u/totally _ not_a_virus , / u/schwertritter and / u/creepyoctopus for helping to take away some of the reticence around learning slavic languages . 
  i think i will focus mainly on german , but will also start to try and learn the basics of polish . 
  if anyone has any other resources for these languages , i 'd love if you could point me in the general direction !, 
  thanks again !,
