  i do n't agree with you , but i do n't disagree with you . 
  i agree that the u.s. has , without a doubt , been the most instrumental in causing the chaos that we see in today 's middle east ; we were never the only ones . 
  many countries have had a hand in smacking the middle east around for years , let alone their internal conflicts . 
  what surprises me is how surprised we are to see that maybe they are starting to fight back . 
   because the us did n't act alone . 
  no , but we have been handing out bloody noses unchecked for a very long time in these countries . 
  there is no gain in acting like we have behaved anything better than poorly with regards to the middle east , when we know we have/had the upper hand . 
  edit : better , not less ... words is hard sometimes . 
   every european country should tell the us to fuck off , leave nato , team up with like china and sanction the fuck out the us until they learn how to fucking behave . 
  while i agree with your point , i think your delivery leaves something to be desired . 
  the u.s. has definitely done more harm than good in the me , i ca n't argue that . 
  and , in all fairness , we should be put in a corner to think about what we have done . 
  at the same time , some of the people here , have also done some great things for the world-at-large and that should be recognized , as well . 
  these things could be construed to be `` interventionism '' -- bill gates is one example that springs to mind , there are others . 
  i think it unfair to point the finger at one country , when the whole of humanity has been wrought with the bleeding of others , to one end or another . 
   and we 're the ones dealing with those problems here caused by the us . 
  has the u.s. ever had to deal with the fallout of something other countries have done ? 
  not to say we 're perfect , not by a long stretch , but history is history . 
  no one country has clean hands , ever . 
   that 's not how the world works though . 
  if america stopped getting involved iran , saudi , israel , turkey , france , uk , russia , wo n't suddenly stop too . 
  but maybe it should be how it works . 
  if we 're being completely honest , the u.s. and other more developed countries have stirred the pot in a lot of what has been happening in the me for years , if not decades . 
  we have created the turmoil and then pressured/invited other nations to join in the cause . 
  perhaps it is time to let these nations figure out where they want to be on the `` world stage '' and move towards that ? 
  we ( as a global collective ) ca n't tell anyone who and what they should be , they need to work that out for themselves . 
  we ca n't just bomb the shit out of them and then look back and say , `` see what you made us do ? '', 
  or `` this was for your own good ! '' . 
  anyone cornered will respond with violence or force if made to do so . 
   denying climate change , promoting torture etc is just anti-intelligence , pandering to the uneducated . 
  oh , i could n't agree more with you . 
  however , we only have two controlling political parties here and the liberals decry the above , while the conservatives defend it . 
  so , for us , it really is a right v left thing . 
  never heard of trade protectionism before . 
  reading up on it now . 
  thanks for the pointer . 
  as a fellow american with more centrist viewpoints , i 'm curious to see where you do put him ? 
  genuinely curious , not trolling to trying to start heat . 
  he has chopped another , what , 1.2 billion out of our education system , is reducing nasa 's budget again and denies that the global climate is changing . 
  he is repealing the closest thing we could really get to affordable healthcare , etc. 
  these are all things seen as far right actions here . 
  it did very much feel like something out of a cartoon . 
  my wife and i still think back on it and laugh . 
  it was all quite comical . 
  ah yes , the juevos vs huevos mistake . 
  it 's a classic and i still have to double check in my head that i 'm getting ready to use the right word . 
  absolutely . 
  i know , but eddie izzard did n't make me laugh any less by telling me the joke . 
  kind of reminds me of this video , a little bit . 
  [ how english sounds to non-english speakers . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt4dfa4foey ), 
  no , no . 
  being utterly confused also counts . 
  `` you have nice balls . '', 
  her face ... oh jesus , ca n't breathe . 
    `` i 'll take six , or no , add one more too '' . 
  sooo ... kinda like counting in french ? 
  - some guy do croatians like him , at least ? 
  it was so funny after the rush of the situation wore off . 
  they continued to apologize , which was very sweet . 
  europe was/is so incredible and we look forward to our trip to ireland and germany next year . 
  we often scheme about trying to move there . 
  ooh , ooh , can i play ? 
  first day in barcelona , my wife and i are walking around with our packs on , looking for a place to grab a sammich and a cold beer . 
  it was a gorgeous , sunny day perfect for getting out on your scooter , and many people were . 
  a teenage girl , 12 or 13 years old maybe , is out with her mom , learning to ride her scooter . 
  there are places to park scooters on the sidewalks apparently , not sure if legal or not , but we learned pretty quickly to stick closer to the buildings while walking . 
  my wife stops me and tells me my shoes are untied , so i squat down to tie them , wearing a 40-50lb hiking pack . 
  all of a sudden , bam !, 
  my world goes topsy turvy , spins and i 'm on my back . 
  i hear the young woman speaking rapidly in spanish apologizing and telling my thoroughly confused wife that she is still learning and did n't mean to run me over . 
  i 'm fine , nothing more than a bit of a skinned calf from where the front tire hit me and a small sore spot on my shoulder from the front fender . 
  she was n't going that fast and was just trying to park when she lost control of the throttle . 
  i stand up and try to calm the young woman explaining that i 'm fine , she 's hysterical . 
  meanwhile , mom who was trying to park a bit further up the block , turned around to beeline back to us . 
  apparently she was so completely flustered watching/hearing her daughter run someone over , that she did the only logical thing ... she also ran me over . 
  fortunately , i saw her coming and had since removed my pack , so i was able to put my hands out and catch myself on the front of the scooter , with the worse being me pushed back a few feet . 
  after the lookers-on had passed and the two women settled down , they bought us lunch and we joked about it . 
  they both loved my wife 's broken attempts at speaking spanish , and hello , free food and booze !, 
  this was during the first 30 minutes of being in the city and we had an incredible time for the rest of the week . 
  still wish i was there . 
  `` my software does n't have bugs , it develops random features . '', 
  - software devs everywhere, 
   other american shows are gratuitious with it ? 
  i thought they censored everything . 
  and we do . 
  you ca n't curse with the exception of the words bitch and depending on the state you live in , shit . 
  damn , god , fuck and any other variations on the these words are not only censored ( bleeped ) but most networks will also blur the mouth when a show contains one of them , if they do n't just edit them and the scenes that contain them out completely . 
  boobies , butts and certainly frontal nudity are big no-nos in american tv . 
  subscription cable channels ( hbo , cinemax , etc. ), 
  can because you have to voluntarily pay for them and they can not be received with a regular antenna . 
  they also have exceptions that local networks do not get . 
  evenso , there are restrictions on what time of day these types of programs can air . 
  hbo is a paid subscription cable network channel and can get exceptions regarding what it broadcasts because it 's 100 % voluntary . 
  our local news/network channels do n't have that luxury as they are broadcast in the open and can be received with just a regular antenna . 
  another thing of note is that cable networks are still restricted from showing anything extremely graphic or sexual before 8:00 pm , i think it is . 
  cinemax ( known colloquially in the u.s. as skin-emax ) was every horny teenage boys ' dream come true . 
  pretty much nothing but softcore porn from like 9:00 pm on when i was a kid . 
  the internet definitely became more interesting once those videos started to hit youtube . 
  i more equate london to new york , if not politically ( ny is pretty heavily ` american-left-leaning ' ) , certainly culturally .
