there 's a lot of chaff being thrown around about the uk not wanting to be in the eu . 
  i think you 'll find two things : young educated ( uni ) people , people who run business ( ceos ect ) and people even remotely educated want to remain in the eu . 
  old people ( people who say `` it never used to be like this in the good old days '' ) . 
  people on benefits/chavs/scum who do n't work and need an excuse to say `` they 're taking all our jobs '' . 
  is the dividing line between the type of people who want in/out with the eu . 
  from this . 
  you can deduce that : the loudest people are the latter . 
  but the people who vote . 
  those will be the former . 
  you know who i support in this argument ? 
  the view of the islanders . 
  since its their home . 
  this . 
  women being treated as equals . 
  not being allowed to rape people and get away with it, 
  when it comes to cuisine , i tend not to listen to people who eat frogs legs and snails . 
  shhh , do n't spoil the circlejerk !, 
   were they bad crimes ? 
  they were crimes that violated the conditions of their stay in the uk , so it must of been bad, 
  we use it as a deterrent to would be migrants , 
  that 's called democracy , dear, 
  false . 
  you just need big change to norms in a very short space of time to cause civil unrest , that said , i do n't think this crisis will cause a major change . 
  not enough to stir up the people above critical maas, 
  actually badgers are pretty hardcore , spreading their tb for `` teh lolz '', 
  oh you like golden showers ? 
  well , in the uk there 's a barracks literally 2 mins from buckingham palace , and a small contingent of personnel on duty at certain points throughout , typically , if there are red coats then you can be sure that there is a section or two more around the corner , that are ready , just not `` on stag '', 
  #foodbanks 4life, 
  does that include end of term and half terms ? 
  my nan and people from that era believe the irish were nazi sympathisers and felt they were spying on us ect . 
  that 's probably why occupation was considered ... 
  was n't the ussr fighting on the eastern front too ? 
  shh , do n't ruin his story portraying the brits as ` the true cowards ' !, 
  its a knee slapper . 
  cowardice jokes are with regards to the surrendering of france in its entirety . 
  instead of retreating with a large bulk of the army to a colonial country . 
  european defense army , we would have to call it the european defence league just to troll edl, 
  this , i was on zoopla the other day , houses that were worth 170k 3 years ago are worth 270k now . 
  houses that were 300k back then are 500k now . 
  not uae , uak, 
  out of curiosity , what 's ue ? 
  i personally feel a bit for greece , they are running a surplus and now need to invest in order to boost the economy through infrastructure and education . 
  the ez however , wants more cuts ( understandably ) before lending any more money which is counter to this . 
  in an ideal world , greece would lay out a 10 ( possibly more ? ), 
  year plan , showing how it will kill the weeds and sow the seeds , then provide the ez with an estimated cost of this . 
  the eu would then set out a low interest loan plan and provide money in instalments on a two year interval the details of which should be kept private . 
  once the whole plan has finished then greece should pay back the debt . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is . 
  provided that greece can show they have fixed the massive money haemorrhage and actually have a little something something left over at the end of the month . 
  the best solution would be to throw money at them . 
  if this sounds like a silly plan , feel free to point it out . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  should totally be the elderly , free up some of them houses and that pension pot money, 
  you are correct about loans and not having to pay them back : but lenders talk to each other ... ` hey you see that guy over there , do n't lend him any money he never gives you it back ' . 
  ... now when you need another loan , good luck getting one even with extortionate interest . 
  this . 
  we can try and shift blame to other people , but at the end of the day , the buck stops with greece, 
  buuurn, 
  this is not entirely true , status and paintings from those times show women as bigger ( i 'd actually say healthier ) . 
  which if we go by this article would mean that the ideal body for a woman was healthier then it is today . 
  honestly mate , find a programming language you like , learn it ( there 's loads of free stuff out there but the paid stuff is better structured so you tend to learn quicker ) . 
  build up a portfolio of work demonstrating your skills , dabble in open source projects as these are seen as favourable in interviews , it shows your enthusiasm . 
  and then when you feel ready make sure you research the companies you apply to join , show you know what they do and that you 'd like to be part of it , how you can benefit them ( referencing your portfolio and open sourced work ) . 
  no there 's genuinely a shortage of software engineers , we offer handsome pay . 
  if junior developers with no experience turn their noses up at 28k-34k a year plus bonuses . 
  well ... idk what to say really ... 
  the moral of the story is that the job market is flooded with people who have no skills , who should think about skilling up ... because there are shortages elsewhere ... or you could mope about it on reddit i suppose . 
  funny you say that , i 've been looking for a software engineer for my team for the past 4months , some if the easy language roles have been filled , but there 's defo a shortage ... my fiancee is a nurse they 've been looking for nurses for six months ... 
  there 's a shortage of doctors the list goes on . 
  i guess mother was right when she said `` if you mess about in school you 'll regret it later in life '', 
  anyone who is even remotely smart ( ie not a complete retard ) knows that leaving the eu would be a complete and utter disaster . 
  i doubt we will leave , the demographics foe ukip supporters are pensioners with their triple locked pensions and their belief that `` its not like the good old days '' . 
  and narrow minded fools who need someone to blame for the fact that they are low skilled and struggling to get a job . 
  if we had a referendum we would not leave , people on the fence are beginning to realise that being in the eu benefits us . 
  all aboard the benefits train , this train terminates in the united kingdom , no passport necessary . 
  ... expect delays at calais, 
  shame all those resources are contracted out to foreign companies who do n't re invest back into said economies ... 
  [ what !? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m6axnm3pa4 ), 
  hunter killer nuclear submarines ... that is all . 
  no no no , people like these have zero interest i the economy and aside from stamp duty , will be investing nothing into it . 
  they will buy a house because it `` pays more interest '' ( about # 10,000 ) per anun then an actual bank account , and its locked into the pound sterling , slightly more stable then the ruble aye so op is right . 
  lol . 
  cute, 
  wrong . 
  the problem with the eu is everyone is in it for themselves . 
  france loves up the farm subsidies , germany loves the free trade , everyone has something golden that they want to protect . 
  the uk is a financial market driven country . 
  ( hence why it vetoed tax havens to lure in the rich and crooked bankers ) . 
  the eu with the ecb and its poor financial management ( ahem , greece ) makes the uk very nervous . 
  with this in mind , the uk sees that it is not getting the most out of its membership and in fact may put itself at risk if it assimilates any further . 
  and so , like any other country that was at risk of losing the benefits that come with the responsibilities of its membership . 
  it is questioning its viability in the same way that everyone else would . 
  edit , id like to add that i 'd like to stay in the eu . 
  thus far the only people i 've seen who want out are over 60 , look like racist skinheads , or look like they dropped out of high school with no qualifications . 
  only a muppet can not see what a disaster it would be to leave . 
  and if you 've been watching it , the ` stay ' campaign have provided facts on why we should stay , whilst the vote leave team have countered like its a twitter row with simple comebacks like : `` the imf said it would be a disaster to leave ? 
  they are lieing ... '' , `` of course we can get a trade deal '' ( no mention of how , just some random fat dude whom we are supposes to take his word ), 
  it should say `` one of the last '' i doubt any more politicians will be getting the axe over it . 
  our corruption tolerance levels are ridiculously high .
