  there 's quite a lot of racism amongst the han chinese . 
  they think we 're barbarians . 
  it 's sort of adorable . 
  at the time of its construction the locals thought it a * hideous * blight on an otherwise picaresque landscape . 
  i imagine it 's quite easy to dismiss it as just a stupid tourist trap if you 're french . 
  misinformation and stupidity in a histrionic article ? 
  color me shocked . 
  america is out for its own interests first and foremost . 
  ` friendship ' and sentimental things like history are n't a part of its decision making apparatus . 
  i assume someone made a calculation that the benefits of spying on norway outweighed the potential diplomatic blowback and went ahead with it . 
  it does n't mean we 're not allies . 
  clearly our interests are aligned in many different ways : economically , culturally and so on . 
  but no one should think that the american government is out for anyone but america . 
  norway has significant oil wealth and is a major non-eu power . 
  makes sense if you already have a grossly inflated budget anyway . 
  and years ago there was a russian spy ring discovered in the states . 
  unsurprisingly , people with enormous power use that power . 
  if they do n't they 're idiots . 
  congress ' decisions affect the entire world , why would n't you want to spy on them ? 
  no no , the nsa is literally hitler and i refuse to hear anything else !, 
  european nations with the technology to spy surely do , and they surely spy on the us . 
  why would n't they ? 
  the actions and decisions of the us have global ramifications . 
  * of course * you spy on someone like that , just like the us spies on europe because the large western countries exert enormous influence in the world . 
  no one is an enemy here . 
  ` friendship ' is not a value that states can hold . 
  everyone is out for their own interests and everyone works for the people that elected them , not foreign powers . 
  i 'm sure you guys do . 
  and i 'm not particularly upset about it . 
  i 've heard very good things about monkey island , especially the writing . 
  perhaps german insults/jokes do n't translate very well . 
  i do n't believe i 'm engaged to anyone , at least to my knowledge . 
  and it would be a fianc\u00e9 not a fianc\u00e9e . 
  [ edit ] i think it was a joke based on not using a diacritical mark . 
  in american english repartee can be spelt without the accent aigu . 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  i too remembered op 's inane comment and thought to provide some insight . 
  if i had remembered op 's comment was deleted i would have made my role much clearer . 
  i agree . 
  just suggesting that it might be what the op was thinking . 
  a rather irrelevant point about the ubiquity of american power and culture , i imagine . 
  i * think * it 's an arrogant assertion that germany has already rolled over for america and they are n't capable of doing anything to stop us ( since they never stopped other american things ) . 
  all in all , not high rhetoric . 
  i imagine almost all of the president 's public appearances abroad are on the level of a joke . 
  it 's not as if he 's going to do anything interesting or important on foreign soil . 
  it 's bad pr . 
  i 'm sure obama is mortally wounded by their repartee . 
  no no no . 
  do not interrupt the circle jerk . 
  it also wo n't work . 
  europe is already americanized . 
  that 's not going to stop , people will just pirate our programming or buy it on a black market . 
  the federation were * very * communist . 
  the point is that the borg annihilated individualism and identity . 
  lots of different species , all of them now borg . 
  america is literally the borg , did n't you hear ? 
  let the arab league handle this . 
  it 's why they exist . 
  it 's becoming rather tiresome to hear cries of `` america , intervene ! '', 
  when all we 'll be met with is hatred from the people we 're arming . 
  there 's no value in arming the rebels . 
  they wo n't be pro-american even if they win so i ca n't say it 's reasonable for us to do anything about it . 
  most of the 9/11 hijackers were college educated and middle class . 
  just so you know . 
  the problem is that no one has to think about it . 
  even when the iraq war was at its deadliest most people were n't affected by it . 
  you might know someone who was struck by tragedy but your probably did n't . 
  it used to be that a declaration of war caused a massive call-up of armed forces . 
  this was intentional since it forced an ugly , public debate . 
  it 's one thing if cindy from work has a husband who 's a soldier but it 's an entirely other thing if your neighbor has been called up , and your mailman too . 
  with the advent of contractors we 've essentially made war invisible . 
  the actual army does n't need to be very big ; the rest is taken care of by private third parties . 
  engineering , meal services , etc , all taken care of by private citizens no one knows or cares about . 
  but how else is war to be conducted ? 
  we live in an age of actual , existential threat . 
  the usa alone could end all life on earth . 
  what is there to gain by a full out war ? 
  i think this situation was inevitable . 
  small , private conflicts that leave innocent people in pieces . 
  i knew a guy who bought jeans in america and sold them overseas . 
  probably all illegally but he said he had great margins . 
  we already have intelligence sharing agreements with the uk . 
  we do n't need to snoop them , they do it for us . 
  same thing was said of it in cuba . 
  supposedly they associated it with the effete decadence of the west . 
  after the revolution most of the tsarist law was expunged , including the sexual morality ones . 
  but that did n't last long . 
  there was some talk of legalizing it but that did n't last long either . 
  it has one of the largest populations online . 
  of course it was the first in the eu . 
  we specialize in free doom . 
  why would they when such things do n't affect them , when they do n't ever see the consequences of those actions ? 
  sadly foreign policy is wholly outside of our public discourse . 
  it was n't a feature in our last presidential campaign and i do n't expect it to ever be in another again . 
  trust is completely irrelevant . 
  so long as germany keeps the money rolling in and does n't blatantly steal our ip no one will care . 
  i 'd agree . 
  but it 's not like anyone 's going to * refuse * to have more information . 
  i imagine a lot of cops are terribly frustrated by the restraints of the legal system when they * could * gather extremely useful data . 
  the nsa just is n't restrained as much and so of course they take more and more data .
