   ... and who 's growing more and more war-like , not to mention increasingly insufferent of the monarchy itself . 
   mussolini , however , does n't have complete control over the country like his german and soviet counterparts ; at least not yet . 
  his power , while relatively vast , is not unchecked and he still has to work in a constitutional frame . 
   by the late '30s , his area of influence and that of the king were pretty much balanced - with the result that victor emmanuel iii was beginning to resent both the duce and his inconsiderate policies , to the point of resorting to secretly back a failed palace coup in march 1940 which should have gotten rid of him for good . 
  but neither party had an edge , and the status quo had to be retained so as to avoid a civil war that would have benefitted nobody . 
   one should also keep in mind the facts that the king was still the commander-in-chief of the italian armed forces , and that both the royal army and navy were more loyal to him than they were to the * duce * ; whereas mussolini could only count on the paramilitary branch of his party - the mvsn . 
  but having already recognised the unfavourable state of affairs , mussolini sought to weaken the king 's grip on these institutions : and he managed in doing so , first by appointing his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 - italo balbo - as minister of the air force , then by enacting a controversial set of reforms ( around 1931-7 ) that greatly damaged the navy , which would see almost all of its air-related assets confiscated and put under the control of mussolini 's far more malleable minister of the air . 
   [ ... ] the navy just was n't sympathetic enough towards the fascist regime and the party itself held a very limited influence within its ranks ; most of its officers either had an upper-class background or were staunch royalists , therefore mussolini was understandably wary of them - not least because an unidentified admiral was the person who should have been in charge of the attempted coup of march 1940 . 
  everything checks out . 
  what do we see here is a fascist dictator who , as part of his never-ending quest for power , had deliberately and purposefully weakened his country 's armed forces so as to be able to easily subdue any threat they might pose to his rule , and to ultimately bring these very same national institutions within the reach of his party . 
  finally ( and i promise you can go to bed when i 'm finished !, 
  ) , one should also take into account the very much sorry state of the italian chain of command , which suffered because of the very same authoritarian policies mussolini loved . 
  recycling part of that very same older post :, 
   [ the ] dysfunctional chain of command relied on the regime 's bloated , and servile , gerarchies whose operative autonomy was deliberately curbed by draconian regulations that should 've kept potential troublemakers in check . 
  the subject of the post i just quoted was * supermarina * - the italian royal navy 's war-time command - whose fastidiously precise orders had to be followed almost to the letter by any officer under its command . 
  while british admirals could not only count on the assistance of the fleet air arm ( something the * regia marina * had been actually stripped of by none other than mussolini himself who put all of its air-related assets in the hands of an already over-worked but far more `` docile '' air force ) and enjoyed a decent degree of autonomy , an italian admiral just had to follow [ supermarina 's ] orders to the letter ; even requests for help had to be evaluated and then approved by the command . 
  the regime had also forbidden the navy to fly its own aircrafts so any request for air cover would 've needed to be sent to the command first , which would 've then relayed it to the air force which , in turn , was often unable to assist . 
  this pretty much sums it up . 
  mussolini just loved micro-managing the shit out of his subordinates , but he was woefully inept at that . 
  but , hey : `` the duce 's always right ! '' . 
  or so the propaganda said . 
  not quite , simply because mussolini did not actually think * that * high of himself and openly mocked achille starace ( one of his closest associates , the one who invented a lot of the fascist imagery and who was also responsible for much of mussolini 's cult of personality ) . 
  but he often came to the wrong conclusions - the war would 've been short , the italian intervention limited in scope , britain would 've fallen soon , greece was no match - and what is worse , acted on them . 
  he seemed to be more stubborn than arrogant imho . 
   looks like you did n't show up you fucking chicken, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovja89xbq_4 ), 
  exactly !, 
  i could n't have explained it better . 
  and since you mentioned j.j. sadkovich , i 'm going to throw * the italian navy in ww2 * among the must-reads , too . 
  the only italian thing they 've got is their last name imho . 
  could you expand your question a bit further ? 
  there are literally * tons * of them , and elencating them all is impossible ... 
  dat missing tooth . 
  it does n't take a tactical genius to outsmart badoglio , though ; he 's the guy who * literally * left an entire army to fend for itself after 1943 , and he did n't actually have any real command prior to that year ( except for ww1 and ethiopia ) . 
  cavallero was a mediocre commander whose loyalty to the party was more important than his skills ( or lack thereof ) . 
  and as far as mussolini is concerned , he was simply a very poor - yet stubborn - strategist . 
   [ the axis ] forces were tied up defending the main machine plants of the wehrmacht in ferrari and turin , where most of the weapons and the engine parts for the nazi war machine were being built . 
  now , now , where did you pull this out from ? 
  and you know that there 's no such place as ferrari , right ? 
   julia robert 's movie has been shot in rome , it could n't have been shot in milan, 
  but even in rome that film 's depictions of a `` typical italian lifestyle '' look ridiculous . 
  actually , they 'd look ridiculous * anywhere * . 
  venice was founded around 5/600 ad , in any case well after the wre had fallen . 
  that 's a rather partial view , though - i addressed some of those points, 
  * [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/37kpej/relative_strength_of_the_world_powers_1939/crns8bq ), 
  * [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/397ju7/when_discussing_axis_troops_in_ww2_the_italians/cs1l2mi= ), 
  * [ and here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/37zhk0/what_are_some_examples_of_the_worst_a/crs2plk= ) . 
  more like the other way around , actually ; the name of the original vespers ( a massacre of french troops and civilians which took place in sicily around 1282 - so not renaissance either ) was reused to describe an earlier event . 
   australia lost against big birds . 
  and angry ones , at that . 
  you probably do n't have any idea of how the border looked like , right ? 
  it was a [ literal bottleneck ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/2/2d/ponte_san_luigi2,_ventimiglia.jpg ) , incredibly easy to defend ; it had not only been fortified - as part of the very same programme behind the birth of the maginot line - but the fort in question had the support of another artillery battery . 
  the italians found thus necessary to split the 5th division and make a detour so as to outflank these defensive works . 
   [ ... ] well , it is not surprising that italy lost a battle [ ... ], 
  thank you for the kind words , which denote a certain familiarity with the matter discussed ... 
   [ ... ] it is surprising 9 guys blocked few thousand soldiers for quite a long time . 
  ever heard of the siege of the amba alagi ? 
  3.000 italians under the command of the duke of aosta managed to hold off some 40,000 commonwealth troops for a whole month in may 1941 ; resistance only ceased when they ran out of ammo , water ... and men ( their eritrean allies were particularly fierce since the ethiopians had an habit to either kill or maim the ones they captured ) . 
  the capitulation of east africa was followed by two more years of guerrilla waged by many italian settlers , led by `` commander devil '' ( aka amedeo guillet ) , against both the british and the ethiopian force . 
  and if you want an even more egregious example , check out what happened fort douaumont . 
  that shit was crazy . 
  i agree with you - thought you were referring to italy in general ... albeit there were many , many exceptions even with regards to the various theatres of ww2 . 
   the kingdom of the two sicilies was the only southern state , if you do n't count the papal states and most do n't . 
  apart from a couple of exclaves , the papal states included latium as their southernmost province - a place which is considered part of the centre , both culturally and geographically . 
  as you say , they were/are not considered part of the south not least because they actually included bits and pieces of the north ( such as the romagne ) . 
  the former abruzzi , on the other hand , lied roughly at the same latitude as latium but were actually considered part of the south - they not only constituted a ( arguably remote and semi-autonomous ) province of the kingdom of naples/two sicilies for centuries , but the local mores have been heavily influenced by campanian dialects and customs ... in addition to others . 
  today 's abruzzo is a weird mixture of centre and south , so much that nowadays people are more inclined to associate it with the former due to its relative prosperity , low crime rate and infrastructure . 
  i do n't think the two sicilies had a particularly competent administration ... quite the opposite , in fact , especially if compared to that of piedmont . 
  with the notable exceptions of a few gifted administrators , such as bernardo tanucci - one of the few brilliant ministers naples ever relied on - its administration was most inefficient , when not downright corrupt . 
  and the few advanced projects ( the manifacture at capodimonte , the napoli-portici railway ... ) were all done at the personal request of two sovereigns in particular , while the local bureaucrats were ( are ? ), 
  often appointed for the sake of bureaucracy itself or because they just `` needed '' to be employed - further fueling a perverted system . 
  yes , but ferdinand ii actually nullified the few progresses the kingdom had made by reneging the slightly liberal part of his early reign ( just like his neighbour pius ix did ) , adopting a fairly reactionary/oppressive stance as well as an almost-assolutistic ... not to mention clientelistic ... administration later on . 
  even his foreign ( = commercial ) policy was inconsistent , succeeding in the task to anger both france and britain at the same time w/o getting a deal with either . 
   true , but consider the wealth and power of naples at the dawn of the 19th century . 
  naples was a vibrant place , true , but the rest of the kingdom definitely was not . 
  and the city itself was quite underdeveloped compared to its neighbour further up north , rome : most essential services , such as the sewers ( i know there was an ancient system under the city , but it was totally inadequate ) were constructed after 1885/88 . 
   and the later success of the abruzzi that quirite mentioned . 
  i should probably clarify that such progress is mostly due to the work of the ( now infamous ) * cassa del mezzogiorno * - with a good chunk of that growth dating back to 1949-1988 , when hundreds of infrastructural projects ( dams , roads , railways , hospitals ) were carried out by the government . 
  and until relatively recently , abruzzo was a depressed place ... 
  would you mind providing a source , please ? 
  as far as i know , rome 's then southern outskirts ( s. lorenzo ) had indeed been bombed in 1943 - but not st. peter 's . 
   pontifical urban university, 
  thank you too for your answer !, 
  it may be worth noting ( just for the sake of curiosity itself ) that the university is actually located on the janiculum but , still , it 's considered extraterritorial property of the vatican despite it not being part of the microstate itself . 
  i can still remember a few things from my taxi exam ... dunno if they are of any help , though !, 
   when do you change the oil ? 
  whenever the owner 's manual says so ( this was the only acceptable answer at the exam ; it depends on the car ) . 
   how often do you change the spin-on [ oil ] filter ? 
  every two oil changes , more or less ... 
   can you change the oil filter located within the sump ? 
  no : it is fixed . 
   how many types of oil are there , and what are the differences ? 
  there used to be winter and summer oils , actually - the former being more fluid than the latter ( and thus more difficult to freeze in colder climates ) while the other one does n't get too watery in summer . 
  today most of the oils you can find in commerce are are multigrade , meaning that they should work well in both situations regardless of the climate . 
  ca n't be bothered trying to choose between mineral and synthetic oils ... or even explain their pros/cons . 
   how do you accurately measure a vehicle 's oil level ? 
  engine has to be turned off and cool enough . 
  the vehicle itself must be parked on flat ground . 
   what 's the coolant liquid made of ? 
  50 % distilled water , 50 % antifreeze ; percentages may vary slightly , and so does the colour of the anti-freeze itself .
