  all things considering , i 'd still take the italian system !, 
  it 's for the used 's convenience , obviously . 
  rebibbia is a pretty tough prison , if they really wanted to go soft on the coward then they would have allowed him to be put under house arrest . 
  jail sucks , regardless of its toughness , but he 's going to have a particularly bad time there . 
  [ esperienza terrificante ] ( https://youtu.be/zfxezm7u8ky?t=22 ) . 
  the autogrill ( not joking ) . 
  edit : la mia psicologa \u00e8 una milfona niente male ... pensate a una kate beckinsale ben stagionata . 
  we do n't even need health insurance , our system is free at the point of use as it is funded by taxes ; the only things you * might * have to pay for - depending on your income - by means of a small fee ( co-pay ) are certain specialistic exams , but even then these rarely exceed the hundred quid . 
  vaccinations are totally free of charge except for the kind of shots ( such as malaria , yellow fever , and whatnot ) one would need in order to visit certain more `` exotic '' destinations . 
  ma guarda !, 
  berlusconi ? 
  x200s ? 
  unfortunately i 'm not eligible , my laptop is second-hand and the battery it came with is n't original . 
   excellent for holidays , rough to live in unless you have ~ ~ an exceptional ~ ~ a job . 
  ftfy, 
  thanks , i 've already tried that trick but unfortunately they do n't ship to italy . 
  btw what about [ this one ] ( https://www.amazon.it/fru42t4542-batteria-cellule-42t4650-43r9255/dp/b002wzjmua/ref=sr_1_2?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1496146933&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=43r9255 ) ? 
  is it any good ? 
  at least it 's not * garanzia giovani * . 
  i used to get 300 quid/month , but you only get the other 300 after `` a few '' months , when the region decides you 're worthy of life . 
  still waiting for last march 's paycheque . 
  and yes , it was a very real job ... so your pay * does * sound fabulous to me . 
  sad but true . 
  the price is n't really a problem but i 'd like to keep my x200 as it comes with libreboot ( i honestly do n't know how to flash it on another laptop ) and it 's in perfect condition , so getting a new one is not an option for the moment . 
  i have n't looked on ebay yet , but thanks for the suggestion . 
  and a smelly one , at that . 
  thanks for the helpful explanation !, 
  i was indeed looking for original batteries but admittedly , some less-than-stellar reviews on amazon deterred me . 
  price is n't a problem so i can spare the 90 quid ... need all the capacity i can get so yeah , i 'll be on the lookout for an original . 
  was that shop a front for the cia or something ? 
  hash brownies ? 
  count me in . 
  ( actual ) italian here . 
  yes , nudity used to be much more widespread in media ... especially in the '70s , '80s and '90s . 
  things have been toned down a lot in the past decade , though , if you look at old tv broadcasts the difference is striking imho . 
  but yes , we generally tend to have a less prudish outlook on it than americans . 
  now , i do n't really know about sweden but that 's kinda frowned upon here ... 
  i mean , simply bathing in a fountain is reason enough for you to get a hefty fine where i 'm from . 
  exposing your family junk at nudist beaches on the other hand is fine . 
  very . 
  the once-glorious italian entertainment industry is basically on life support and has been diying for the past 30 years , as it is run by old geezers who do n't have any idea how to cater to anyone that is under 50 . 
  our tv series suck balls nowadays ( most are from the u.s. ) and the radio too is dominated by american or other foreign hits ... which is n't necessarily a bad thing , considering just how corny the vocalisations our singers like to vomit really are . 
  too much focus on the past , that 's what happens when you glorify neorealist bullshit at the expense of everything else . 
  yes . 
  they did n't always sound like that but i do n't like bi-tonal sirens , either . 
  if you think central and northern europeans are gloomy then you clearly have n't had to deal with italians - of all people - in a non-touristy setting . 
  our pessimism and * joie de vivre * ( or lack thereof ) truly are something magical . 
  romans ( i 'm one ) are especially known for being cliquey , rude * and * incredibly stand-offish to boot ... so yes , i can confirm . 
  sort of ? 
  wow , a happy * friulano * . 
  that 's quite a find , eh ? 
  nope . 
  if that was the case then i 'd be able to understand french , german , slovenian , sammarinese and vatican plus whatever it is that they gargle in the italian-speaking parts of switzerland ( like , bilux ? 
  you kidding me ? 
  all of them . 
  it is n't weird because dubbers in italy are mini-celebs on their own right , each actor has got his/her own . 
  or at the very least some form of hardcore networking . 
  please . 
  nazis could barely get their own supply lines working ... they would n't have been able to `` save '' us from different people and different opinions , not even if they had an understanding of logistics and their tanks had decent transmissions !, 
  not much , if at all ? 
  because the milanese are a bunch of effete know-it-alls who like to lecture the rest of the country in that effeminate accent of theirs ( as if they were talking out their arses which , from a purely anatomical pov , they are ) about just how great everything `` up there '' is ... despite living in what the rest of the world regards as an overhyped , foggy , glitzy , turd of a city . 
  then there 's football ; how could anyone cheer for lazie or rubentus is beyond me !, 
  how else am i supposed to digest my meals ? 
  well ... 
  i can simply go out for a stroll , show my prescription to the swiss guard , surrender my id card at the border , expatriate , buy medicines at the vatican pharmacy and be back home in less than an hour . 
  pretty neat i suppose !, 
  as long as they 're not the kind of guidos from * jersey shore * et similia they 're ok in my book . 
  but they should n't be automatically entitled to citizenship or voting rights in a country they usually know very little about just because their great-grandfather happened to hail from roccacannuccia or some other place that was n't even in italy at the time . 
  first , how dare y o u, 
  second , here in italy we 've got all the bidets you could possibly want and even more to satisfy your bidet fever and related kinks & cravings !, 
  bidets are mandatory here because we 're civilised , unlike the barbarians on the other side of the alps . 
  why would i ever want to get married in the first place ? 
  i do n't want to end up like my parents ( they despise each other but are still together for financial reasons ) , my aunt ( husband bailed out after first child ) , my uncle ( divorced ) , my cousin ( cheated on and divorced ) , my other aunt ( divorced ) and even have to pay for the privilege . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  yes but we no longer have `` naughty '' shows like , i do n't know , drive-in on the telly ? 
  i have n't seen that many titties on the main channels , at least compared to the 1990s . 
   wtf do italians in the north have against those in the south ? 
  i did n't know this was a thing !, 
  you forgot * central * italy , citizen . 
  authorities have been notified . 
  thoughtcrime wo n't be tolerated . 
  do i ? 
  well , gee , thanks for the gratuitous generalisation ... 
  [ radio garden ] ( https://radio.garden/ ) , anybody ? 
  my 2002 fiat punto is not tiny and is a fucking tank , thankyouverymuch . 
  i would n't know , i 'm still a redditor after all . 
  my bank account certainly does n't feel that good when i have to foot the bill . 
  the real question is : why are there such wide cracks in the first place ? 
  hey - i 'm driving a punto , not a pinto !, 
  have n't seen one in ages !, 
  if i was sexy i would n't be redditing all day long . 
  the italian one certainly does n't need to . 
  every time openings are announced , thousands of hopefuls participate in the competition for a place in the army ; all things considering , it 's still a state job . 
  unemployment 's that bad over here . 
  last time i 've participated , there were 167 vacancies and 3000 applicants . 
  tbf fiumicino has improved a lot in the past 1-2 years , it 's no longer the mess it was in 2007 . 
  it 's actually quite pleasant now !, 
  it really is . 
  afaik they 've been renovating terminal 3 , the front parking lot , control tower and taxiways ; built a new departure hall ( more fingers , less shuttles ) ; renovated all the bathrooms ; and upgraded the baggage handling system . 
  that kind of stuff .
