  no one ever talked in that office and if you failed to properly address the boss with proper courtesy ... it 's your arse , mate . 
  also , nobody was allowed to 1 ) visit the loo until 9:30 2 ) have a cig/coffee break before 10:40 and 3 ) the bootlickers from the it department would routinely inspect your workstation while you were working on it , plus they 'd keep a log of all the sites you visited . 
  that 's when i discovered reddit . 
  we were also ... encouraged to report on our coworkers or something . 
  basically north korea-level shit , i 'm telling you . 
  unless you 're referring to the wwe matches my mother would n't let me watch as a kid , no . 
  rome 's historical centre is already un-circum-navigable as it is , if they close even more stuff then we might as well invest in flying carpets and commute with those . 
  if it were for me i 'd just raze everything and build an 8-lane motorway . 
  2 ) please visit latium ... 
  i mean , the rest of it . 
  also bring monies . 
  3 ) central italy , people !, 
  we exist too !, 
  it 's not like we 're leprechauns or something !, 
  austrians lose ww1 ( 1918 ) , italy gets a chunk of austria-hungary - including trentino - but the place in question ca n't be defended properly so the border gets moved further up north ( 1919 ) where defensive lines can be built and where , coincidentally , an awful lot of german speakers dwell . 
  fascists try to italianise the area ( 1920s ) , then hitler comes to power and who would 've ever thought ? 
  annexes austria , many south-tyroleans choose to emigrate to the reich ( 1938 ) . 
  flash forward to 1945 - both germany and italy have lost ww2 , the new austrian government demands south tyrol back with the excuse that they were actually the first victims of nazism and did in no way welcome the germans as liberators , no sir it 's all a mistake , but the allies do n't buy it ; in order to keep them happy and nice our government lets the '' exiles '' back , but then they start planting bombs and behaving like the proverbial finger in the arse until they 're finally allowed to freely teach their language , retain most of their tax money and hating the rest of us as per accords ( 1950s - 1972 ) . 
  austrians salty ever since . 
  i do n't own any even though i almost had to get a gun because a prospective job required one . 
  did all the paperwork . 
  get your criminal record , hand it over your employer , get interviewed by police , get psycho/health tested at an hospital ( do n't piss hot ! ), 
  then head over to the shooting range , follow the mandatory safety course and try to pass the tests ... 
  ... then you can pop into a gun shop and buy something nice . 
  btw do n't leave your gun unattended !, 
  the end . 
  private browsing does n't do much if they can see which sites you 're connecting to . 
  you would have to connect through a vpn or tor in order to defeat the surveillance ... 
  they do , they do . 
  never seen such a thing , and i 'm from rome . 
  uno spezzone [ lo trovi qui ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opwd-ylfsd4 ) . 
  both the film and the book it 's based on are set in a caricatural - almost farcical - depiction of italy featuring every single stupid stereotype/cliche you may have heard of . 
  said depiction has obviously no basis whatsoever in actual reality . 
  i found it quite offensive , but so are other pos films like * captain corelli 's mandolin * or * under the tuscan sun * . 
  well , i 'm 24 and that 's not a thing in my circle . 
  i mean - we like to hang out and have a beer together sometimes in a square , sometimes in a pub . 
  we also used to meet at the local shopping centre and eat there . 
  could it be that i am too young ? 
  because , whenever we bunked off school we played videogames instead . 
  io invece guarda un po ' preferisco i paradisi artificiali !, 
  look , i agree with you on all the line except for this snippet :, 
   [ ... ] and we still botched the whole thing [ ... ], 
  did we ? 
  the second italo-abyssinian war was exceedingly brutal - even by the time 's standards - exactly * because * it was such a one-sided curb-stomping contest ( look no further than the battles of scir\u00e8 and tembien ) . 
  you were probably thinking of the first italo-abyssinian war , which took place between december 1895/march 1896 . 
  not that the second one is an '' accomplishment '' to be proud of , mind you . 
  i 've had chinese guests complain about a bathroom 's sink being positioned '' too low '' . 
  turns out they were actually washing their hands and faces in the bidet . 
  stupefatto . 
  the tyrrhenian is not too bad in that regard ... really . 
  however , if you go to fiumicino you can get either a random superpower or an extra limb just by looking at the water . 
  oh , sure !, 
  i know that one . 
  a tad outdated but still a fun read . 
  i like how he described reading news and shopping on the internet as a novelty ( well , it was 1998 ) . 
  ah , yes , the illegal showerheads !, 
  and the plumber told severgnini that he , as an italian , probably liked those only because they went against regulations . 
   the italian entity is inail ? 
  yes , that 's correct . 
   what was the government entity to monitor health and safety in the workplace before the eu ? 
  inail , again ... and has been since 1933 . 
  you can thank uncle ben for that i guess . 
  qualcuno qui segue skyscrapercity , eh ? 
  pazienza . 
  puf !, 
  puf !, 
  spariti . 
  \\* regalato . 
  `` venduto '' implica la presenza una contropartita ... 
  interessante . 
  great !, 
  let 's make that station even more cluttered than it is . 
  btw why open a market when there 's another one just a few blocks away ? 
  the one formerly in piazza vittorio , now within the barracks at via principe amedeo . 
  not terribly far from piazza esedra i reckon !, 
  it 's called nuovo mercato esquilino . 
  bum !, 
  it 's a joke from r/cringepics ... and it bombed , apparently . 
  you know , there 's this girl at the swimming pool i 'm going to and she 's ok ... * that * kind of ok . we also seem to get along well but our weekly interactions are so brief and sporadic that honestly , i ca n't see this going anywhere !, 
  then there 's this one friend of an acquaintance of mine i kind of ~ ~ was ~ ~ am into but yeah , i had to give up . 
  been there , done that . 
  have an internet hug . 
  how so ? 
  the interwebs keep assuring me that there 's plenty of hot , horny singles in my area . 
  trying to sink both the carrier and the destroyer at the end of the midway stage in * secret weapons over normandy * . 
  i mean , your dauntless handles like a fucking brick , the two ( 2 ) escorting f4fs are beyond useless and then there are zeroes everywhere which will gladly shoot the hell out of you as soon as they 're finished tearing the other bombers to shreds , something which only takes some three minutes at most . 
  did n't touch that game for another ten years . 
  edit/5 : mandate i caramba , la forestale , l'esercito , babbi l'orsetto , chi vi pare basta che li fate smettereeeee !!!, 
  social anxiety is one hell of a bitch ... 
  well , you got ta ask your mum obviously !, 
  i have s few issues with this map :, 
  1 ) the catalan-speaking area in alghero has been grossly overestimated - it is only spoken within parts of the old centre . 
  2 ) if you include friulan then why not sardinian , sicilian or venetian ? 
  3 ) what about the italian-speaking parts of istria ? 
  thanks but no thanks ... we just do n't want to deal with the ticinese . 
  it is rightful swiss clay and we like it that way !, 
  prego ? 
  that 's not correct , like ... at all . 
   [ ... ] i mean good god , read about the italian invasion of ethiopia ; an absolute clusterfuck for the italians , and ethiopia 's finest hour . 
  the italo-abyssian war of 1936 was successful , to the point of being little more of a criminal curb-stombing contest ( just think of the battles at scire and tembien , quite literally the textbook definition of carnage ) .
