  * no , olive garden and whatever passes for italian cuisine in the u.s. are n't representative of * our * cuisine ;, 
  * no , i do n't know who the fuck uncle michele from the remote village of roccacannuccia is supposed to be ;, 
  * no ... gabagool , brahzoot and mutzahdell are n't actual italian words . 
  i 'm also not your pais\u00e0 ( ? ) . 
  * no , * under the tuscan sun * and * eat , pray , love * are n't accurate depictions of life in my country ;, 
  * no , i do n't go to church nor do i give a fuck about the damn pope ( i value condoms too much ) ;, 
  * no , most of us do n't actually look like arabs ( plus there are plenty of gingers in sicily ) ;, 
  * no , lunch does n't last three hours and my boss only allows forty-five minutes anyway ;, 
  * no , i 'm not legally allowed to take a siesta ( which is a spanish thing anyhow ) ;, 
  * no , i ca n't understand spanish and please do n't assume i do ;, 
  * no , we did n't actually switch sides in the world wars ;, 
  * no , i 'm not proud of the mafias ;, 
  * yeah , i do speak english ... 
  god forbid you end up discussing anything even remotely related to about italian history , society or politics ... for a polite conversation can soon descend into a sickening , and slightly mind-numbing , exercise in futile dumb-assery . 
  hollywood films and the shit they come up with would need an entire section of their own . 
  no poverty ? 
  one third of the country ( guess which one ) is quite literally a text-book case . 
  tailored attire would also cost you two months ' of wage and as far as italian employers are concerned , they would make their american equivalent look like a benevolent charity . 
  salaries are low and often late , no social contributions , `` voluntary '' unpaid overtime is expected , working hours are too long and workers have no rights anymore . 
  italy 's an at-will state and our working conditions would 've been considered inhumane in colonial ethiopia !, 
  i only remember alexis bledel because of her hotter mum in that one sitcom . 
  so no , i do n't know ... but i doubt it . 
  huh ? 
  why would that be ? 
  my deepest condolences , at least you did n't lose to friggin ' slovakia . 
  2010 worst year of my life !, 
  what 's a cd player ? 
  now that 's what i call organisation . 
  why piazza venezia , though ? 
  there 's nothing to see there apart from the altar of fatherland . 
  and i 'd suggest you to spend your time either in rome * or * venice , no way you can appreciate both places in such a ridiculously short timespan . 
  ostia ( lido ) is going to be underwhelming and terribly overcrowded , not to mention kind of shady - better beaches at fregene or santa marinella . 
  if it 's fried fish you 're looking for then ge.pa.gi . 
  at fiumicino ( the town , not the airport ) is where it 's at ; they open at 12:00 sharp and take no reservations so be there at 11:30 to claim your rightful spot in the soon-to-be queue . 
  also , try not to faint while you 're waiting in the sun ? 
  not quite , no , but they 're better than ostia sea-wise . 
  not really - you go to fregene for the beach . 
  there 's a castle in santa severa , though . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/andrewbrown/2009/aug/10/religion-george-bush ), 
  i think op was referring to intel 's [ advanced management technology ] ( https://libreboot.org/faq.html#intel ) , which is part of their management engine . 
  basically - it 's now an unremovable backdoor right in the heart of your very own machine . 
  scary shit . 
  yeah !, 
  fuck ubisoft but above all , fuck uplay . 
  also fuck ubisoft * twice * because they discontinued the silent hunter franchise . 
  except we actually did n't . 
  ww1 was ( for a variety of reasons , including `` allies '' wanting to pre-emptively strike the shit out of you or not respecting treaty terms because those do n't apply to them ) fought along the entente ; ww2 on the other hand ended with an unconditional surrender followed by german/allied occupation and civil war . 
  ethiopia actually was colonised ( 200.000 italians were re-settled there ) even if for a short time , though . 
  those colonists even waged [ a guerrilla war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_guerrilla_war_in_ethiopia ) against ethiopian and commonwealth troops until late 1943 ... 
  besides ... the second italo-abyssian war ( which took place in 1935-36 , not ww2 ) was , perhaps unsurprisingly , pretty much a one-sided curb-stomping contest . 
  otoh during the * first * italo-abyssinian war , in 1895 , it was the ethiopians who invaded tigray ; the 18,000 men-strong italian garrison - led by a bunch of idiot and slightly blood-lusty officers who dismissed crucial intel because racism - was no match for an army of 140,000 ethiopians who were supplied by those very same french and british and could count on russian advisors as well . 
  germany was n't involved in neither of those conflicts . 
  you seem to have forgotten a few details :, 
  * the first italo-abyssinian war was actually started by the ethiopians themselves . 
  * the italians could count 18,000 men-strong italian garrison . 
  the ethiopians cound count on an army of 140,000 with plenty of russian advisors and supplied by the french and british , who also provided them with armament . 
  * said italians ( and their eritrean allies ) were also led by a bunch of blood-thirsty morons who dismissed crucial intelligence because racism and `` they just got spears anyway '' ( nope , they actually had guns . 
  surprise ) . 
  * they also saw it fit to split their forces for a night attack . 
  bloodbath ensued . 
  i could also argue that the british suffered a similar treatment in afghanistan and at isandlwana ... 
  it 's a backdoor for intel and everyone smart enough to figure a way to get in ; and that has [ already ] ( https://latesthackingnews.com/2017/05/06/intel-amt-authentication-bypass-vulnerability/ ) happened . 
  or the nsa , which is more than happy to snoop on your private life and is probably holding intel by the balls . 
  and a couple of 90-year-old conflicts are relevant how ? 
  post-ww2 italy is a * sliiightly * different case . 
  it 'd be like saying the u.s. are shit nato allies because they lost vietnam , or the war of 1812 . 
  yeah , no . 
  germany did n't have anything to do with ethiopia - neither in 1895 nor in 1935 . 
  the americans who got their arsed kicked by those very same italians at kasserine , or gela , would beg to differ . 
  ... said the redditor whose country got its white house torched by the canadians , a bloody nose courtesy of china , lost vietnam , had to get the fuck out of iraq and now would better get the hell out of afghanistan while they still can . 
  as i 'm sure i 've already said somewhere else , germany was not involved in either abyssinian war . 
  if anything , that time it was ethiopians who were getting owned ... just like the italians before them in 1895 . 
  finally a decent answer . 
  albeit i 'd say that post-ww2 italy is a very different kind of beast from its predecessor and even then , your average infantryman was n't representative of the idiots he had to take orders from . 
  it 's the old `` they 're all cowards '' adage i take issue with . 
   [ ... ] indeed , however the difference is britain fought many , many wars to encounter a few examples of shock defeats . 
  italy tried once and got kicked . 
  the same reasoning could be used for italy , it 's been together for less than 155 years and it was a late-comer to the colonial game anyhow ; speaking of which , there was also the italo-turkish war of 1911-12 ( but i would n't count the pacification of libya of 1923-32 or the second italo-abyssinian war due to the methods used ) . 
  i would also argue that italy lost most of the wars you are referring to due to the carelessness those conflicts had been initiated and conducted . 
  crispi for one was pushing for a place in the sun to be carved as soon as logistically possible ; mussolini only needed a few thousand dead to sit on the now-fabled table of peace ... 
  really ? 
  i thought it was unplayable , had to uninstall it and go back to sh4 . 
  i have to agree 100 % . 
  plus the first-person pov was clumsy as fuck and made me nauseous . 
  wtf were they thinking ? 
  having to talk to every single crew member because morale ? 
  no sandbox campaign ? 
  predetermined mission ? 
  * doublethink intensifies *, 
  apart from the city centre and its surroundings rome has grown along the main arteries ( consular roads , highways ) leading into the city ; much of that growth - which took place during the 1960s and 1970s - was either illegal or land speculation so yeah , there 's plenty of empty space and the countryside ( for lack of a better word ) often begins well before the actual city limits . 
  rome has no proper hinterland , either ; apart from ciampino , now a district , the closest town is some 30 km away . 
  you can also spot the shape of the ring road on the map , too ... 
  edit : it seems op cut off ostia somehow ? 
  rome is * that * big actually . 
  and quite sprawling . 
  you 've only seen the very centre of it i 'm afraid ... 
  very true !, 
  in particular , the park on the appian way takes up a sizeable chunk of southern rome and is very visible on this map but there are also a bunch of natural reserves in the outer parts of town , those are located mostly further north . 
  as far as vatican city itself is concerned it 's a * very * small city-state and you ca n't exactly see it here ; even if you could , it 's smack-bang in the middle of town ... and in the part with most b&b s at that !, 
  it 'd get drowned in yellow dots .
