  however ... those belonging the fascist militia ( mvsn ) and the navy 's special corps ( x mas ) - who historically defected to the collaborationist republican guard ( gnr ) after 1943 - were the ones most likely to stay loyal to the duce ; whereas the rest of the army may have sided with the king . 
  a fascist affiliation of the * carabinieri * , being the staunch royalists they were , can safely be excluded ; actually i think it 'd have been pretty much out of question . 
  the same could be said about the navy as a whole : most of the higher-ups were loyalists due to their upbringing . 
  an eventual affiliation of the air force otoh would have been more uncertain - not only it had benefitted the most from the purposeful stripping ( 1931-7 ) of most of the navy 's air-related assets , but it also happened to be headed by a string of generals who may be described as being sort of loyal to the party ( but not too much ) . 
  should a civil war have ensued , it might have very well been a one-sided affair ... but a fairly bloody one nevertheless . 
  not to mention the fact that this would 've been something the king was hell-bent on avoiding !, 
  especially since mussolini was appointed to prevent a similar thing from happening during the socialist agitations of the early 1920s . 
   aeneas the trojan flees to central italy . 
  you might be interested to know that the site of aeneas ' purported landfall - [ castrum inui ] ( http://www.castruminui.it/ilsito.html ) - has been identified , and subsequently unearthed , in 1998 . 
  this should also be the place ( * villa priapi * ) in which pope leo v was born . 
  the `` exact '' spot should be located somewhere near the river incastro ( * incastrum * ) . 
  what a perfect specimen of aryan manhood . 
  terri nunn of berlin , back to when she was still in her prime ... 
  luckily he 's got his virginity armour on !, 
  pretty much , yes . 
  but it 's hard to predict the outcome of something that 's never happened !, 
  btw you 're very much welcome ... 
  the reason was mainly france , and the colonial disputes arising from its takeover of tunisia in 1881 - a place which , given its position and the many italians already living there , was regarded by both the government and public sentiment well within the country 's very own sphere of influence . 
  in other words , this did n't sit well but ... 
  ... the pm , francesco crispi , was backed by the queen ( who like many at court harboured a healthy distaste for the french or their politics ) and made italy join largely out of spite . 
  but this move too was n't exactly popular with the public , even more so than the very dispute which had caused such a sudden fracture to arise in the first place . 
  it should also be pointed out that the statesman in question was n't exactly a diplomacy genius either - and once he was no longer in power ( at least for the time being , seeing how he was among the longest serving pms in the country 's history ! ), 
  his successors - especially sonnino and salandra - were quite happy to undo his work . 
  fantasioso 10/10 : sono un tipo di poche pretese , mi accontento di miriam leone . 
   [ ... ] the uk with stonehenge , the lombards and goths in italy with the roman empire ? 
  while i am not qualified enough to give an answer about the u.k. , i would argue that the case of 5/6th-century italy was completely different from that of modern-day fyrom . 
  not only were the invading barbarian tribes not that numerous to begin with ( ~ 150,000 individuals ) but they ended up being assimilated by the so-called * romanici * - the peninsula 's `` original '' inhabitants that is , who also happened to grossly outnumber them . 
  apart from ... a part of the upper classes and a good chunk their possessions there were no significant displacements to speak of . 
  jackals !, 
  vultures !, 
  all ` epoca roma ladrona era gi\u00e0 capitale , semmai la colpa \u00e8 nostra . 
  figurati . 
  nope , it was colonised by italy - albeit for a short period ( 1936-42 ) . 
  the territory was headed by a vice-roy and split among governors ; settlers ( roughly 40,000 people ) were involved and given plots of land for free ; infrastructures , such as the ` imperial way ' network , built ( thus bringing the total number of residents to over 200,000 ) ; italian companies/industries opened local branches in the new possession - so yes , i still think that the term ` colonisation ' is appropriate in this context . 
  finally ... those very same colonists also happened to fight a brutal guerrilla war against both the commonwealth troops and the ethiopians from 1941-3 . 
  fyi an italian school system - similar to that found in the other colonies - was set in place and most of the country was actually under italian control , except for some highlands which were still being ` pacified ' when the war began . 
  romano ? 
  boh , non so che dirti . 
  oooh , montorio !, 
  never thought i 'd ever see that town mentioned on reddit , of all places . 
  as far as the dialect is concerned , well , i must admit i do n't know ~ ~ jack-shit ~ ~ much about it but should n't be very different from that spoken in the surrounding towns ... which happens to sound like the bastard child of roman and neapolitan . 
  truly an ungodly mix , i say . 
  by the way the only word i know is * mammucc * [ mah-mooch ] ( `` child '' ) . 
   also , any random info about abruzzese dialects/montorio al vomano would be appreciated, 
  did you know that montorio is the place where everyone from the ` nearby ' ( up to 27 km ) hamlets has to go for groceries ? 
  now you do . 
  sorry , i 'm on mobile right now so my aswer is necessarily going to be short . 
  i 'm afraid that the allegations of rape on the part of the moroccan troops - the first instances of which were recorded in sicily - are very much true ... what 's more doubtful is the veracity of the pamphlet ( the one promising `` fifty hours of debauchery '' that is ) juin allegedly distributed among his men , no copies of which are known or have ever surfaced . 
  it 's rather strange ; such a widely-circulated leaflet must have left some trace somewhere , not least because there are plenty of similar ( and even rarer ) items surviving . 
  this is made all more suspicious by the fact that the purported text first came to light as an italian translation of a french `` original '' , something that leads me to believe that the pamphlet thing may have very well been a fabrication . 
  but the * marocchinate * themselves , well , they certainly were not !, 
  but still , the extreme example would be : `` il vostro sangue \u00e8 puro '' . 
  ` sangui ' is not a word !, 
  why would you spend your time in ladispoli , though ? 
  there 's absolutely nothing to see , the sea sucks balls and rome is a good hour away by train ... 
  mmmh , i see ... still not a wise choice imho . 
  you 'll be needing at least a couple of hours each day for transportation , and god forbid the particular train you need gets delayed or cancelled ; both are common occurrences on local lines . 
  always assuming you can - it 'd be so much better if you managed to get a ho ( s ) tel within rome . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ph3nlodcbgi?t=31 ), 
  of course we do ... huh . 
  i even happen to own of those contraptions , a horseless carriage that is , which seems to be powered only by the sheer force of the flames from hell itself !, 
  it 's * so * much better than the ol' sedan-bearers ( no need to whip it every few miles either ) . 
  `` making love to you felt like throwing a sausage in a corridor '', 
  edit : yeah , i 'm definitely not a native english-speaker ... 
  ah , e a quanto pare esiste pure [ una cittadina messicana abitata da veneti ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/chipilo ) . 
  in the montesacro district there 's a place called * defrag * . 
  quite a few bands , mostly amateurs , have a gig there ... 
  emotional ? 
  bureaucratese is as dry , overly aulic and convoluted as you can get . 
  nobody talks/writes like that irl !, 
  hell , such a lawyer-y style is too difficult to follow for most people ( and i 'm talking about native italian speakers ) . 
  ` evening everybody !, 
  good to see you 're enjoying your two minutes of hate . 
  but before you can keep spittin ' on a whole country , i shall probably point out the very simple fact that ** this is not a new sentence ** - rather , the judges have made their reasons for the sentence ( the one they 'd already handed out time ago ) known to the wider public . 
  so , catch your breath and please think twice before spewing utter shite . 
  thank you . 
  nope , both guys have already gone through all three stages of appeal . 
  this piece of non-news is actually about the judges publishing their reasons behind their final verdict !, 
  so should a good chunk of u.s. courts - it 's not like italy 's got a monopoly on incompetent bureaucrats . 
   so , i must suspect that his story is false for some reason ? 
  yes . 
  that friend probably tried to bullshit his/her way out of a situation he or she unwillingly got himself into due to a fault on his/her part ( did n't read the signs ? ) . 
  sounds far more plausible than an overworked traffic police department trying to mount an international case against a driver they know jack-shit about ... 
  ... but let me explain you how it works first . 
  in a typical ltz , there are cameras at every entrance ; these read the licence plate of all the vehicles entering that zone . 
  if you happen to drive there but should n't , and your car was rented , the cops can 1 ) read your plate 2 ) trace the company it 's registered with and 3 ) ask 'em who got the car . 
  it really is that simple !, 
   italy has a reputation for this sort of thing . 
  oh well , italy 's got a * reputation * for that sort of thing !, 
  that explains everyhing , friend must obviously be correct . 
  * does n't matter , had sex *, 
  guarda che roma \u00e8 * veramente * a corto di poli congressuali !, 
  oddio !, 
  `` we 're pregnant ! '', 
  nope , one of you guys clearly is not . 
  glad to see people liking that page !, 
  a lot of effort went into it , had to rewrite the article almost from scratch ... 
  too bad i ca n't update it regularly anymore !, 
   rome and turin, 
  you probably meant rome and * milan * - never heard of someone who hates on turin !,
