  as much as i would like to say otherwise ... yes , yes it is . 
  if not more . 
  oh please , let 's not kid ourselves ... 
  ... compared to the u.s. , central europe or even spain this place is starting to look more and more like burundi indeed . 
  op deliver pls, 
   lo0k at meee ;-), 
  i 'd rather not . 
  do n't know about co-op or multiplayer , but * t-72 : balkans on fire !, 
  * is a realistic and pretty good sim all around . 
  you totally should , it 's oldie but goodie !, 
  i might be wrong , but i do n't think op wants to tongue her grandma . 
  dipende . 
   actually living there seems rather ... annoying though ( too many tourists ) . 
  not quite , there are almost no romans left in the city 's historical centre - save for a few politicians and rich wankers . 
  truth is : ordinary poor souls have * looong * migrated towards the rest of the city , and any italian you may come across throughout downtown ( especially in places such as bars or restaurants ) is guaranteed to be a neapolitan/calabrese . 
  former ( substitute ) taxi driver here ... they just * have to * start the meter , no matter where or how they pick you up . 
  btw if you managed to get the guy 's licence number then you should definitely notify the authorities !, 
  according to regional law n. 21/2006 , though , charging for * coperto * is illegal within latium . 
  ( the law in q. can be found here : www.comune.roma.it/pcr/resources/cms/documents/lrlazion21_06.pdf ) . 
  good news , most of these stalls are now gone from tourist attractions !, 
  but , still , do n't buy from them ( not least because they 're all owned by a few families who 'd formed a near-monopoly which has been very difficult to break ) . 
  sounds like somebody did n't manage to figure the bus system out ... :-p, 
   so , i do n't know how to say go fuck yourself in italian , but i 'm sure you get the translation . 
  this was just ... epic . 
  have an upvote !, 
  note that * salami * is already plural ... :-), 
  no , it 's already plural in italian ... adding an 's ' would be fairly redundant . 
  that was ... painful . 
   zadar is the slavic name that was given to the city ( after wwii ? ) . 
  correct . 
  italy 's north-eastern borderlands , which included istria and bits of dalmatia ( of which zara was/is a part ) were occupied , partitioned and then ceded to yugoslavia by virtue of the peace treaty of 1947 . 
  that 's when the slavic toponym became official , but it was already in use among those locals who belonged to the croatian community ... 
  ... as well as the croats themselves ( obviously ) . 
  corsica was actually * sold * to france by the genoese , in 1768 . 
  while napoleon himself happened to be born almost a year later his family was italian ... 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  are you french or you just do n't like history ? 
  if you gave this man a van and a pair of glasses he would make for a very convincing pedo ... 
  ( ... by the way , nice username op ) . 
  thank you !, 
  does n't sound like my idea of fun , but i shall try it ... 
   [ ... ] much more low key , less touristy, 
  i must disagree . 
  in this day and age trastevere is as touristy as it gets but i can see why one would think it to be less crowded - and somehow more authentic - than the rest of the city centre ; you 'd need to be delusional to think that the ward represents a slice of real rome , though , something the place has n't been in decades . 
  however , the section located right of viale trastevere ( which is actually the ward of * ripa * ) truly fits your criteria ... 
   [ ... ] to be honest , the best thing we did out of rome was a day trip to pompeii . 
  why not go to ostia antica instead ? 
  it 's nearer , quieter , cheaper and there are no crowds whatsoever . 
  yeah , uhm , i think we already know aviano is in italy ... no need to specify . 
  \\* bobine di curvatura, 
  galileo actually died in his bed . 
  of old age . 
  and the trial he was subjected to had nothing to do with church teachings ... which , by the way , were not in contrast with his view of the universe ( not least because they did n't concern such matters ) . 
  he ridiculed the church in one of those essays , got lots of shit for that but was acquitted . 
  italian here . 
  entering the country illegally is not , well , * legal * . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's still an offence , but not one that would require an immigrant to go to prison ... authorities can expel them but they wo n't have to serve any time as our very own jails are so overcrowded . 
  not to mention the simple fact that * every single migrant * would 've needed a separate trial !, 
  illegal immigration has been depenalised , not decriminalised . 
  as the link / u/jayoc provided explains :, 
   the purpose of the law is to establish punitive measures that are alternatives to incarceration , as a response to the perceived insufficiency of imprisonment penalties to deal with the reality of increased crime in the country . 
  those * mozzarelle * that are made from cow milk - the most common kind found at supermarkets , that is - admittedly taste like nothing . 
  but of course they 're far cheaper , * not * subject to commercial restrictions and , well , just suck . 
  the rarer , more expensive buffalo mozzarella is just so much tastier ... and simply delicious !, 
   i feel the same about romano . 
  `` romano '' is not a cheese . 
  * pecorino * - of which there are many varieties around ( not just the ` roman ' one ) - is , and quite a flavoury one at that !, 
   some people have such boring lives , that all they see on facebook are ; people having `` awesome '' lives . 
   they never can upload something , because they really do nothing or at least , nothing cool/special . 
  holy shit , you ... you 've just described my life to a t. 
  passcode was probably 1234 . 
  over here afternoon naps actually only take place during the summer holidays ... 
  ... and if you 've ever been to rome in mid-august you 'll surely understand why . 
   seemed so inefficient to me . 
  how so ? 
  most people leave their workplace at 6/7 pm and have dinner around 8/9-ish . 
  eating at 5 pm would be weird !, 
  really ? 
  my friend , * you * are the prudish barbarians in here !, 
  this is one of the few instances in which the world should be more like us by mandating every home to have a bidet ... 
   i have yet to figure out how europeans use [ ... ] a bidet in the bathroom to wash their corn hole . 
  / u/therealrickgrimes : you 're supposed to pass your ( wet ) hand between your buttcheeks . 
  shocked yet ? 
  homes are spotless , streets are not . 
  in britain , the opposite 's true !, 
  it all boils down to people caring more about their private interests rather than to the needs of society as a whole . 
   why is n't the capital cleaner ? 
  roman here - nobody cares about the capital , that 's why . 
  not even the gov ` t. 
  btw we 're broke ... 
  you 're supposed to wash them afterwards , with something called `` soap '' . 
  wait , you guys do n't put mayo on your fries back in the u.s. ? 
  wtf ? 
  yes . 
  but many do , in fact , use bidets so as to avoid that very same toilet paper , as nothing can compare to the feeling of having a fresh and clean bumhole . 
  trust us , once you try it you wo n't go back to tp - it will feel like sandpaper !, 
  can confirm ; in italy , pretty much every * alimentari * ( grocery store ) will do whatever sandwich your heart desires , you just have to choose a type of bread and the fillings you want . 
  this is also why subway did n't have much success here . 
   weird : had pizza near the vatican .
