  france ? 
  militarised ? 
  wait until you get to italy ... 
  mayo is supposed to go on fries . 
  nothing wrong with that , it 's exactly how it should be done . 
  that 's from the old civil code , though , italy has n't had a state religion since 1984 . 
  thank you for calling 30 million people ` creepy ' . 
  ok , if it 's anything like their chocolate ... 
  ah , my bad . 
  i would n't know , but loonyboo hated him enough to get his surname backwards . 
  win-win . 
  ... and the italians themselves , surprisingly . 
  the germans too are n't too kind on him . 
  he pillaged the shit out of italy , betrayed the local revolutionaries , dismembered venice poland-style for the lulz and gave it away to the austrians so that he could bang the emperor 's daughter , ultimately ushering three wars of independence and a world war to get those territories back . 
  napoleonic troops also devasted a number of roman and other italian landmarks . 
  his name ? 
  you mean the guys who rejected hitler 's application to art school ? 
  locals being asked for info in spanish is one reason ... 
  you have been banned from r/rome, 
  tristezza , infinita tristezza . 
  no , bi . 
  pregnant . 
  just , ugh . 
  this is an interesting map because it 's one of the few ( apart from those published by the igm ) which uses the italian transcription of libyan toponyms . 
  i 've gone crazy trying to find one for modding purposes . 
  trieste did n't rejoin italy until 1954 , when the itt was partitioned between italy and yugoslavia . 
  if you look closely there 's also spanish morocco and the tangeri international zone down there . 
   a commissionato, 
  a shoe ? 
  to me it looks like a vacuum cleaner . 
  no , the front of it looks like one of those old-fashioned cleaners ... perhaps not unlike [ this one ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/bhw8ct/a-kirby-legend-vintage-vacuum-cleaner-on-a-white-background-bhw8ct.jpg ) . 
  was . 
  the newer models were pretty decent though and di n't look like they has man-boobs . 
  mr. griffin , is that you ? 
  hell , the village my family owns a house in is deserted all year round save for a week in mid-august . 
  i do n't fancy the idea of having to drive 30 km to the nearest bar or supermarket and in winter you get three metres of snow . 
  nope , central abruzzo . 
  not many working places around there unless you go to the nearest towns and even there you may not find much , if anything . 
  we 're not talking about 100 km but 30 , 40 , sure . 
  many people also commute to rome albeit how they do that is beyond me . 
  that 's what https is for . 
  ha ha ha ha . 
  people of the ams , i am goldman . 
  ha ha ha . 
  consequences will never be the same . 
  what did you expect from the country whose world series is all about the us ? 
  everybody knows canada is just an appendage of vermont . 
  there 's [ a site ] ( http://www.replacementdocs.com/news.php ) dedicated to game manuals for old pc/psx/ps2 games , though . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  psychologists are also hard to come by ( if public ) or damn expensive ( 70 $ / hour ) . 
  kids these days ... 
  of course they got all that muscle mass , you need strong sphincter muscles to spew all that bullshit . 
  classic open and shit case !, 
  i did n't cheat on her , i did naht !, 
  green beans and zucchini are * discusting * . 
  they 're oily , they 're squishy , and they smell horrible . 
  absolutely nothing , i 'm letting every second of it going down the drain because do n't give a damn anymore . 
  stop being this shy , you could 've gotten laid countless times and you did n't even know . 
  i 'd be more interested in joining . 
  hillary wiping donnie 's cumstains from that server ... 
  depression is one hell of a beast so yes , it can be that horrible . 
  once i saw nic cage shooting some film in my city , - i was driving home with my parents and we stopped at an intersection ; besides us there was another car towed by a special truck , inside of which sat our one true god . 
  i may have ended up in one of his films !, 
  truth to be told , not much ; no princes or other fancy crap . 
  my grandfather lived in libya and my dad was born there ; my paternal family had its properties seized and was expelled in 1970 by gheddafi . 
  middle school , one guy in my classroom showed us a very pixellated porno on his fancy new nokia 6600 . 
  the war of the worlds , a videogame from 1998 . 
  my cousin once bragged about fucking his non-existent girlfriend for ten hour straight , with an hour-long break for lunch . 
  modern warfare 2 , `` loose ends '' on veteran difficulty . 
  just nope . 
  johnny depp has n't let go of jack sparrow and other quirky , goffik characters . 
  you mean overcooked ? 
  dipende . 
  yeah , but , i mean ... the mafia shutting roads ? 
  in turin of all places ? 
  ma era un cargo battente bandiera liberiana ? 
  webetofilia, 
  all that navel-fucking going on . 
  lo switch fisico \u00e8 comunque gestito da firmware . 
  `` dannoso '', 
  particularly useful if one of your guys causes a cable car full of people to fall , should it happen again the pilots wo n't even have to erase tapes or tamper with evidence . 
  all it takes to stop the british is a strategically-placed bingo hall . 
  yet . 
  well , he 's probably molested his own daughter ... 
  ah , yes , the fourth rome ... have n't i heard this already ... ? 
  are n't they already disrepecting the vets by treating them as government property first , and then forgetting about them once they 've been discharged ? 
  just like trumpettes , then ? 
  so , ubisoft . 
  with ivanka . 
  forever in waiting ? 
  you can just pop at your local hospital , pay whatever you have to pay and be done with it in less than an hour . 
  at least in rome . 
  as an european i ca n't seriously wrap my head about ambulance bills . 
  i mean , it 's not a fucking restaurant is it . 
  truth to be told my tests never took more than a week . 
  sounds like italy . 
  dipende . 
  go tell that to my parents ... 
  i pre-ordered and bought * assassins ' creed : unity * - season pass and all . 
  all the military fellation going on in hollywood films .
