  would n't recommend . 
  it was just bread with sliced tomatoes and couple slices of cheese . 
  there 's a reason if locals avoid places near the vatican like the plague ... also , * true * italian ( or in this case roman ) pizza does n't have as much topping as its italian-american - or even neapolitan - counterparts . 
  and we like it that way . 
   scooters everywhere . 
  you want to cross the street ? 
  i hope you 've played frogger before . 
  try not to get hit . 
  you wo n't get hit , just step down the pavement and make eye contact with the driver . 
  they 'll slow down . 
  op delivered !, 
  haha , hookers are known as ` pillows ' in the u.s. ? 
  we call them * coperte * ( ` comforters ' ) . 
  which is just as illegal ( at least within latium ) . 
  ok , i think we all agree that there may be quite a few issues with this image !, 
  with regards to rome :, 
  * no one 's ever called ponte milvio `` the bridge of love '' . 
  one . 
  not even federico moccia , and that says it all ... 
  * the janiculum 's not part of the seven hills ( the capitoline , aventine , quirinal , viminal , esquiline , caelian and palatine hills are ) . 
  * cruises on the tiber are all but romantic - given the simple fact that the river 's embankments are so high you can hardly see something of the city . 
  unless you enjoy looking at hobos and concrete walls . 
  there 's a reason if they do n't do those anymore ... 
  * fiumicino is actually a bustling * town * , definitely not a village . 
  having also considered the quality of the other entries on this list i 'm rather inclined toward calling a whole load of bs on it . 
   and romans are a certain kind of people . 
  roman here , care to explain ... ? 
  just curious . 
   trastevere for example : it is still touristy but [ ... ] a ton of young romans live there, 
  haha , no , we wish we could live there !, 
  having a beer in piazza trilussa is pretty much all we can afford ... then we get back in the car and out of the centre . 
  trastevere is made up by rich wankers , tourists , exchange students and expats . 
   the vatican is inside rome, 
  but is not part of it , eh . 
  in fact ... it 's its own country ( and we like it that way ! ) . 
   modern architecture in the old style, 
  interesting , you do n't see that mentioned often - which buildings did impress you the most ? 
  first things first : it 's spelled * la dolce vita * ( without the h ) . 
  this said , while fellini 's film certainly is n't a documentary it is nevertheless true that the area in or around the vie veneto/boncompagni ( where most of the high-end hotels and caf\u00e9s were/are concentrated ) was home to the roman jet-set ; politicians , journalists , intellectuals , stars and starlettes were all to be found there . 
  but the rest of the city was much more ` docile ' and that district was not representative of the whole city !, 
  as for malaparte 's description of naples , well ... the things he wrote were sadly not the work of fiction . 
  after the end of the hostilities the city was * really * in shambles ; naples was also hit hard by a typhus epidemic and on top of it , many people had resorted to prostitution in order to get what little relief goods the allied troops could offer - albeit i think that the participation of men and children may have been exaggerated , or even made up , by the author . 
  whatever happened to human dignity ? 
  in addition to what / u/waritter said , i 'd definitely not rely on david gilmour 's ( abysmal ) book ; * the pursuit of italy * being imho one of the most biased recollections of trite factoids and stereotypes that should n't be used in any academic setting whatsoever . 
  and the author himself clearly seems to have got an axe to grind against italy and italians as a whole , so there 's also that ... ca n't say i 'd endorse using that work as a source . 
  an overpaid buffoon , if you ask me . 
  edit : glad to see the hivemind alive and well . 
  keep wanking , guys , keep wanking ... 
  this ... so much this !, 
  there was this girl at work whom i used to have a crush on - and she had this favourite perfume which she would wear most days . 
  i 'm by no means an hopeless romantic but i swear that the combination of looks , voice as well as her choice in matter of scents was truly something straight out of heaven . 
  oh boy , the feels ... :-(, 
  but then ... * then * ... we rallied , managed to kick the austrians/germans back and hand their own arses to them . 
  recovering from such a blow , and with the kingdom on the brink of distruction , is no small feat !, 
  `` e io che ne so ? '' ) . 
   the king potentially still had considerable power , if he choose to use it . 
  things were a tad more complicated than that . 
  as i have already deitailed in another post ... 
  unlike hitler or stalin , mussolini never had the complete control of the country in the first place - seeing that he was still in fact just a prime minister subordinate to his king . 
  nevertheless , the balance of power between the two actors had gradually become more and more precarious over the years , much to victor emmanuel 's displeasure . 
  we know that the * duce * himself would 've eventually gotten rid of the monarchy one way or another ; v. e. iii had gotten wind of this and in march 1940 he backed an ( aborted ) counter-coup ^ ** 1 ** whose aim was to depose mussolini and replace him with a more loyal - not to mention less warlike - galeazzo ciano . 
  however , he would 've needed the grand council 's ( of fascism ) acquiescence in order to replace mussolini who , in turn , would have probably had to rely on that very same council 's consent so as to proceed with the king 's deposition . 
  any move in favour of one or the other could have resulted in a potential civil war and the * gerarchi * did not support either party ... 
  ... at least not until july 1943 , when both the king and the council wanted mussolini 's head and the former wasted no time to sack him . 
  you can very well imagine just how tense and uneasy their collaboration was , but that 's not all . 
  mussolini had some kind of leverage to threaten the king with - namely the fascist militia ( mvsn ) , the grand council and ( almost ) the entire party ; on the other hand the army , the navy and other branches such as the * carabinieri * had sworn fealty to the former , not to the * duce * . 
  on top of it all , many among the officers and their soldiers resented the party 's rather nosy attitude and still looked to the king as the sole , ultimate source of authority . 
  the oath every new recruit in the regio esercito had to take recited :, 
  * `` i swear to be loyal to the king and his royal successors , to respect and faithfully observe the statute * [ that 'd be the statuto albertino , italy 's pre-war constitution ] * as well as the other laws of the state , and to fulfil my duties towards the country with no other goal than the good of the king and that of the fatherland , which are one and the same '' . 
  no mention of the glorious leader : victor emmanuel was still the commander-in-chief of the kingdom 's armed forces , and mussolini 's attempts to bring them under party control were not that successful . 
  and when the empire was proclaimed in 1936 , he later appointed himself `` first marshal of the empire '' ... but so was the king !, 
  this is to say that while the king still held some authority , he had to be * very * careful as to how and when exercise it . 
  sources :, 
  - * nuova storia contemporanea * , n. 5 ( ed . 
  le lettere , sept/oct . 
  what is there more to say ? 
  i thoroughly endorse this post . 
  but it should also be noted that, 
   on the other hand , in 1914 this was far from the case : italian establishment was closer to france and great britain, 
  this sentiment , while ( sort of ) prevalent among the public opinion as well as a good chunk of the intellectuals , was n't shared by many within the court ; queen margherita herself was very much pro-german , and the relationship between the two countries happened to peak around the time of the kaiser 's visit to rome in october 1888 . 
  a time in which france 's takeover of tunisia , a few years prior , was still very much an open wound ... hence the warm reception reserved to the kaiser . 
  buuut - and that 's a big , fat but - the kingdom 's rather shaky position as a young lesser power meant that its foreign policy * necessarily * had to be just as flexible as the circumstances demanded . 
  failure to do so may have resulted in a steady worsening of the country 's already unstable international position , something which would 've probably brought its ambitions to a screeching halt . 
  not to mention the fact that such a ( frequently misunderstood ) policy - italy 's very own brand of * realpolitik * that is - was arguably the only viable path within the country 's limited reach ; governments often did n't have much choice but `` to go with the flow '' . 
  and it was really no different from what the others had been doing for centuries !, 
   of course austria-hungary had always been the main antagonist of the kingdom of italy since before its creation . 
  to the point that elements within the austrian military , such as konrad von hoetzendorf , were more than willing to neutralise beforehand any threat italy might have posed to them ... to clip its wings , that is , by launching a pre-emptive strike against what was still an ally of theirs . 
  furthermore the austrian government seemed not to have much interest in keeping its ally close , seeing how it routinely refused any and all demands for any kind of concession . 
  the questions we must ask ourselves are :, 
  * why should italy have intervened in support of an ally that was , and had always been , more of an enemy ? 
  * why should italy have intervened in support of an ally more than willing to back-stab it at the first occasion ? 
  * why should italy have intervened in support of an ally who was also known to be carrying out systematic acts of discrimination against the italian-speaking populations within its borders ? 
  this did n't help the relationship at all . 
  * why join the war on the austrian side if there was nothing to be gained ? 
  * why join the war on the austrian side if the country was not bound by the treaty 's ( unapplicable ) provisions ? 
  * why refuse the offer of the entente , which included everything austria was unwilling to cede and more ? 
  * why refuse the boons of joining the entente ( fulfilled national aspirations , increased standing , secure borders ) ? 
  * why refuse a chance to finally settle the score with the austrians and possibly deal with them for good ? 
  seen from this perspective , italy 's historical choice truly looks like a no-brainer of sorts . 
  such estimates are very difficult to ascertain .
