  be honest . 
  if you 're attracted to someone you have to muster up the courage and tell them , women ( i assume you 're a male ) or other people for that matter do n't appreciate being befriended only as a way for you to `` get to them '' in that sense . 
  it 's very dishonest and by doing that you might also come across as creepy , in a way . 
  i know - it is painful . 
  you may or may not be rejected . 
  but it 's the only way . 
  and when you do that it gets easier after the third time !, 
  besides , you say you have n't got any social skills but you still got ta start somewhere , right ? 
  i do n't mean to come across as cross , in which case i apologise in advance . 
  she 's not in the mood . 
  leave her alone in order for her to cope with her personal problems . 
  there 's all the potential for a self-inflicted friendzone right there and you 're not going to like it . 
  personally , i would n't be up for that . 
  it would be of much help if we knew where exactly you 're going . 
  ciampino is n't a town , it 's an airport with a town in the middle of it . 
  you can imagine the discomfort . 
  northern italy where ? 
  tbf no . 
  the only redeeming quality about myself is that i know how to grow my own pot . 
  as for the rest i do n't have a job , failed high school twice , never got a uni degree , am stuck with the kind of kidney condition you would n't want to deal with ( but which seems to be improving lately ... ) and on top of it all i live in a council house with grandma , cousin , aunt , and all . 
  i had a car and had to scrap it . 
  doing interviews but no one 's calling . 
  no gym anymore . 
  i still managed to get laid a few times so i 'm not * that * terrible but still . 
  oh , so a trip to venice or maybe trieste is in order . 
  perhaps even bolzano or trento albeit north-eastern italy is n't really doable as a `` day trip '' unless you 're planning on spending a few more days there . 
  too many places to see . 
  i really have . 
  thanks for the kind words !, 
  what saddens me the most is that i had to give up on gym and the swimming pool , i. . . 
  i used to be quite the dudebro and then bam !, 
  it hit me like a tonne of bricks . 
  it 's mind-shattering . 
  at least for the time being , yes . 
  trust me when i tell that you 'll meet so many other people !, 
  and you 're so young . 
  plenty of life ahead of you . 
  like me , you too will cry at first but eventually you 'll get over it . 
  everybody 's had to at some point in their life . 
  remember what the oracle told neo ? 
  when you 'll finish eating that cookie , you 'll feel better . 
  and you really , really will . 
  i hope i too can say the same ... it 's a rough patch maaan !, 
  you 'll met hotter girls , that 's for granted !, 
  it does n't take much at your age . 
  what 17-y-o me failed to appreciate is that this is the ideal age bracket to take the fuck-all route and just enjoy youth for all it has to offer , almost scot-free . 
  in ten years time you wo n't be able to do that anymore . 
  so just do it while you can . 
  do n't spend too much time pondering about shit because it is n't worth it . 
  there might be but it 's possible that by then you 'll be head over heels over some else completely , or that she 's no longer willing to give you a chance . 
  who knows ? 
  just go and find solace in another woman 's arms , mate , that 's all i 'm going say . 
  feel them hormones and act on them as soon as you can because one day - and that day is n't too far away in time i can guarantee you - you 're gon na miss 'em . 
  biiiiig time . 
  life 's gon na give ya lemons sooner or later and then what you gon na do ? 
  in other words ... do n't be like me !, 
  do n't make my same mistakes !, 
  do n't brood too much over things , you have the physical abilities and the will to smash the world 's ass so do it while you still can . 
  no ragrets . 
  life 's a battle and she gives no quarter . 
  take no prisoners . 
  27 , but i 'm a retiree at heart !, 
  life has n't been kind to me ... that 's another story altogether . 
  i have n't , true . 
  not yet . 
  but i have to deal with depression and it feels like a battering ram - one day takes a chunk of you , the next a bigger one ... then you feel fine , maybe for a week or two until the smallest thing is enough to spark another crisis . 
  let 's just say that i used to be quite the nerd . 
  had a crappy childhood with very strict/nosy parents , plenty of bullying and even crappier teenage years , which i just wasted . 
  ten years of my life gone down the toilet because i was too afraid , and neurotic , and broody , and too much of a coward to do anything about it . 
  then ... 
  i met a good friend , with the help of whom i started to turn my life around and just when i thought i was about to change for good ... can you believe it ? 
  kidney infection struck . 
  my wings had suddenly been clipped . 
  and i came to appreciate all the lost opportunities i had been afforded , but which i so foolishly declined . 
  in light of this my previous posts are quite understandable , ai n't they ? 
  thanks man . 
  i appreciate it . 
  you too have an internet hug !, 
  facile a dirsi !, 
  * as is tradition *, 
  people fucking in the bathroom stalls , people smoking weed in the bathroom stalls , people fucking and smoking weed in the bathroom stalls while the janitors were getting the classrooms dirty by emptying the wastebaskets on the desks and then attempting to frame the students for it because they just hated us so much . 
  oh , and a bunch of neo-fascists and commies having a giant fight in front of the school gates to decide who would get to hand out fliers to 14-year-olds ; cops were called and we ended up in the news . 
  not to mention this disabled guy who kept masturbating in front of girls and a certain substitute ... 
  also , unsubstantiated rumours were circulating of a class-wide orgy during a trip to rovereto ( no reliable accounts sadly ) . 
  '' ... and this time you 'd better try not to cheat on this one , mate ! '', 
  of course he ended up cheating on her anyways . 
  they 're still together though . 
  both of them swear up and down how they 're `` very much in love '' with each other but we all know it 's because of her father , the second he tries to leave his kids he 's a dead man . 
  figuratively . 
  hell , the old man happens to be his boss too ... and my cousin is an expert at next-level stupidity . 
  terrific . 
  the best . 
  i have a feeling he would do very well in politics . 
  wait until you see the rest of my family !, 
  we could give the lannisters a run for their money ( minus the incest part , albeit i 'm pretty sure that one cousin of mine * did * try to get frisky with another cousin of his during a family reunion in 2011 ) . 
  john denver - [ take me hooome , country roooads ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vreljmfxyo ), 
  otoh i tend to cry like a bitch whenever i listen to that song . 
  but it 's the good kind of tears . 
  ( it 's a rough patch , maaan !, 
  both , possibly at the same time .
