  careful , if you 're paying for a * coperta * ( bedsheet ) it means the receptionist sent you a hooker . 
  the last two are from crusader kings 2 . 
  good stuff but the dlcs/expansions can be pricey !, 
  i meant the * polizia di stato * as opposed to the slobs from the traffic police , who wear white uniforms . 
  those fuckers are useless and * carabinieri * unfortunately no longer operate in big cities . 
  if you still would like to break your neck on cobblestones or an oil slick , by all means , be my guest . 
  it 's illegal in latium . 
  please do , you 're more than welcome !, 
  no , the coperto is downright illegal in the lazio region . 
  period . 
  please have a look at the text of regional law n \u00b0 21 of 2006 , article 16 , \u00a7 2 and 3 ... 
  the price of bread also has to written on the menu . 
  true that but i * did * mention the fact that mine were rome-centric tips . 
  just avoid the kind of restaurants with personnel outside the entrance ready to drag people in , restaurants with menus in four languages or with actual pictures of the food , and anything in a kilometre-wide radius from the vatican . 
  ok , quant ` era ... tremila ? 
  all sure-fire signs that the place you 're in caters to tourists only . 
  and [ paul bremer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_provisional_authority_order_2 ) . 
  everybody knows grapefruits are where it 's at . 
  hell , they even named [ a technique ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx9fuuuuyqq ) after them ... 
  same - most days i just want to curl up in a ball and die on the spot . 
  or just go to bed , never to wake up . 
  it would save me a lot of pain . 
  or maybe , even without dying , i just want to be placed in a drug-induced coma and wake up after a year ; if my condition has n't improved by then i may as well die . 
  seriously i do n't enjoy anything anymore and my parents are too insensitive to realise this . 
  i did n't even do well in school , bro !, 
  flunked two years . 
  parents `` forced '' me to enroll at university ( i even proudly told my soon-to-be-former-classmates that i had no intention of ever doing that ) then dropped out during the second year . 
  me and books do n't go along well - at least not anymore - unless it 's a topic that interests me but needless to say most the bullshit falling under the rather vague category of `` education '' never struck me as really interesting . 
  i feel you ; do n't even want to kill myself , just go to bed never to wake up . 
  life for me has just become unbearable and devoid of any pleasure whatsoever ... 
  me too , thanks . 
  if it can be of any consolation my family likes to pretend my illness is just a temporary thing , a stumble on the great race to life . 
  they 're terribly insensitive and i ca n't even get out of my home anymore , reality and the mere thought of a normal life has become something too triggering for me to deal with . 
  i 'll let them enjoy their stupid holidays . 
  my soon-to-be-ex friends accuse me of not wanting to get out and meet other people . 
  of course i do n't ; i was doing that until the illness struck me . 
  i do n't even enjoy sex anymore , let alone friendshit or relationshits . 
  life sucks . 
  i feel for you ... and i really , really do . 
  i just lost contact with most of them , an awful lot of whom were unsupportive anyway . 
  what keeps me going ? 
  the hope of a recovery - just wait another day ... then another ... things will surely improve ... maybe tomorrow ... 
  no , both partners fight to the death using their erect penises like light-sabers . 
  at least you did n't forget to draw sardinia on that shirt ... but wait , where 's trieste ? 
  you just chopped it off the peninsula !, 
  no ragrets . 
  perdono . 
  no , and this time their oil reserves are n't even that good of an excuse . 
  veneuzelan oil is of such low quality it needs expensive refining techniques in order to be marketable ... bombing the country to rubble and letting halliburton handle the reconstruction efforts would be much more profitable ( see iraq ) . 
  altro che dream team ... 
  they 'd better worship erdogan instead , he should be well on his way to godhood by now . 
   [ ... ] the austrians and italians get off scot free in all this , when the french get so much shit for it . 
  oh sweet summer child ... you 're not italian , are you ? 
  the amount of lurid , and in many cases factually incorrect , comments about my country over the internet is astounding . 
  do n't know about austria but we * do * get plenty of shit . 
  pare generata con l'editor de * i sims 2 . 
  not sure why you got downvoted but yes , we committed plenty of war crimes before and during ww2 . 
  only thing is ... the country never got de-fascistified to the extent germany was because of cold war logic ; those belonged to the regime 's military-bureaucratic apparatus were either allowed to retire or continued to serve well into the 1960s , and their crimes hidden from the public opinion . 
  in fact , the savoia cavalleria took part in the world 's very last cavalry charge in 1942 . 
  some dimly-lit chinese buffet joint in soho ... it would 've provided an ideal setting for a tarantino production , and i 'm pretty sure it was a front run by the triads anyway . 
  otherwise that dubious honour goes to the esquiline district - the area around termini station - at 3 in the morning ; how do tourists still keep coming to rome it 's a mystery . 
  genoa is another excellent candidate , and so is foligno ( want to see silent hill or raccoon city in real life ? 
  to be fair - we did have some excellent vietnamese food at a no-name , hole-in-the-wall kind of place on brewer street !, 
  albeit i did n't quite like much of london . 
  as far as termini station is concerned that 's the very first time i hear someone describing it as `` quite nice '' , personally i 'd be in favour of nuking the entire area with a death star . 
  via gioberti is especially seedy ... burnt-out lampposts , shady establishments and lots of hookers prowling around . 
  piazza campo de ' fiori after dark is a colourful spot , go there if you want do deal with drunk and rowdy minors . 
   what 'd you find seedy about genoa though ? 
  everything . 
  the mere fact that everything closed at 8 , the druggies and their dealers freely roaming around the deserted , dimly-lit streets and finally - the city itself just looks like shit . 
  you know a place is crap when the major landmarks include a highway obstructing the view of the sea and a skyscraper that looks like a fucking sharpie . 
   also , did anyone else have the problem with the directions at termini ? 
  the arrows on the ceiling point in infuriating circles . 
  it 's not just a termini thing , you can find such shitty signage all over italy . 
  you can thank the railways for that one !, 
  * * [ attack of the giant moussaka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvh_h-tdn20 ) * ( non chiedetemi come l'ho scoperto ... ), 
  btw i think it should be * potesne * but do n't quote me on that , for the days of grammar school are long over ... 
  in confronto * the lady * sembra girato da attori professionisti !, 
  same thing in italy , too . 
  if grandma decides you 're too thin and have to eat then * you have to eat * . 
  it 's easier to talk your way out of a taliban kidnapping than to convince grandma you 're full ... 
  anything but chocolate , for some reason hershey 's tastes like vomit . 
  eppoi nun ciavete manco i suppl\u00ec ... ma come si fa ... 
  then why would anyone make such a thing on purpose , let alone buy ... and eat it ? 
  27 , and it 's been like that since the tender age of ... ever ? 
  at least since the days of school . 
  naaaw , my therapist asked for way too much money ( 70 $ for 50 minutes ? 
  like , seriously ? ), 
  and all she suggested was some bullshit new age-y body mindfulness bullshit . 
  it was n't exactly helpful in any way , shape , or form . 
  guess i 'll have to find another one ... 
  https can take care of that , but only to a certain degree . 
  even then it 's the ca system that ca n't be trusted ; and let 's not forget about [ things like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_ec_drbg ) . 
  only the north-western half was , though . 
  yeah but then was n't it conquered by the french shortly after ? 
  she wants the d, 
  e tu regalale la [ suoneria della bella topolona ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsd2vvmjl1k ) , no ? 
  no , no . 
  just about everything about it !, 
  of all the american people i 've met ( and i have had to deal with tonnes of them because of my previous job ) very few did n't have a completely distorted , ludicrous view of italy and italians .
