  plenty of badass elders will beer guts , too , so you definitely wo n't stick out !, 
  and the pool is generally a chill environment ... not much competition , we 're all adults there and we 've all left middle school behind us . 
  you did the right thing !, 
  at least now you know . 
  she 's a bot and he 's desperate ? 
  but how can you lose that girl if you were never going to get her in the first place ? 
  having a girlfriend generally requires one or more successful attempts at human interaction ... 
  you surely must be mistaken , there was no sequel whatsoever to american graffiti . 
  are n't `` good guys '' the ones afraid of the world , and not the grills they 're so desperately trying to woo ? 
  i do n't believe you !, 
  i was , indeed . 
  humour just does n't translate well on the interwebz . 
  depends on the region . 
  here in latium , charging for * coperto * has been illegal since around 2006 . 
  very marinetty . 
  1 ) `` i would n't want to make love to her , she 's too pure and honest and beautiful '' . 
  2 ) `` please please bang me pretty please yer gorgeous and i 'm a gentleman '' . 
  3 ) `` rancid swine ! 1 !! '', 
  are you telling me women would rather date the kind of people who are honest with their feelings/intentions from the very beginning and not some desperado who 's not below using the pretense of a friendship in order to get the lady in question , causing all kind of emotional annoyances in the process ? 
  who would 've ever thought . 
  you mean that guy from catfish ? 
  and extreme prejudice !, 
  even a planned parenthood would do . 
  you know , freedom and all that jazz ... 
   [ ... ] this was partially due to the large italian population in the region and the general idea that savoy was `` italian '' . 
  you mean nice and the riviera ? 
  afaik savoy was neither italian nor in the italian zone of occupation . 
  speaking of which - most of the coast 's ligurian inhabitants had been deported after the referendum of 1860 ... 
  no need to look that far !, 
  i 'm a shortish ( 1.70 m ) , balding guy with kidney trouble and the kind of unibrow that would put count olaf to shame ... and i still managed to get laid somehow . 
  must be the hygiene , or the fact that i can actually hold a convo ( but admittedly , i 'm kind of a gym/pool bro so there 's also that to consider ) . 
  anyway - if i , of all people , could do it then there 's surely hope for everyone !, 
  and i really mean everyone . 
  me and my friends enjoy reading aloud excerpts from those cheap , corny romance novels you can buy in bulk at train station newsstands . 
  this week i 'm apparently a well-hung , billionaire arabian sheikh `` with a face which resembled that of an angel '' who is slowly falling for a young , homely american archaeologist with a penchant for fainting at the right time . 
  of course they get married , and she eventually ends up pumping out a football team 's worth of kids . 
  it 's been a good day for me too !, 
  the meds my doctor prescribed are finally kicking in and i can see the first , very small improvements ... about time , it took twenty-five days ... two more months to go until they say i 'm good . 
  good luck with your crush !, 
  you 're going to need it man . 
  i know , i know . 
  and it took me the better part of my twenties ( i 'm 26 for the records ... ) just to break out of my shell and re-learn how to properly interact with people . 
  thankfully i found a great friend-who 's - also-a-girl so the transition was n't actually that much clueless nor traumatic . 
  i like hanging out in this sub because it reminds me what i might 've become . 
  no joke . 
  truth ? 
  yup , i can vouch for that !, 
  albeit for me i started building tolerance to that crap quickly , after the third no i was already breezing through that . 
  do n't know about you but i started getting hit on at university and come think of it , the clues i 've missed were so painfully obvious i want to punch myself in the face . 
  oh boy , the chances i 've passed on . 
  easy . 
  i put mayonnaise on ( almost ) everything that can dipped in it . 
  e i costi ad essi associati . 
  * teleports behind you *, 
  * runs out of breath *, 
  oh , i have n't fallen in love in a good while but usually , all it takes for me is to notice a certain person ... an acquaintance perhaps ... under a new light . 
  and then i subconsciously start thinking about them . 
  making films , you know ; what would happen if i do this , what if we end up talking , what if i ask him/her out and ... you know how this kind of thing ends !, 
  i know it 's just a daydream because generally , i 'm not even nearly as smooth irl . 
  here 's [ radio garden ] ( https://radio.garden/ ) . 
  anyway , have you ever heard of fleetwood mac ? 
  by all means do so . 
  i was introduced to them by a fellow redditor , mind you . 
  jeez , this neckbeard gets more matches than i do and he still managed to fuck it up ... 
  i ca n't even ... 
  am i the only one who noticed the shiny , polished turd on the can ? 
   how does tourism impact your daily lifes ? 
  as a roman myself , i find that the city 's historical centre has long become unliveable and devoid of any attractive whatsoever due to the lack of shops and other amenities we too could enjoy . 
  there 's not that much of a reason for us to go there unless you work in it , have to drive through it or your so is pestering you to go on a stroll . 
  the sad truth is that tourists are free to roam in the big fake-ass theme park within the walls , whereas we live our lives in totally different parts of town ( unless you 're a vip or a politician that is ) . 
  it 's economic apartheid . 
  also - i definitely do not enjoy bar crawls , nor the hordes of shitfaced anglos roaming the streets . 
   does it annoy you ? 
  do you enjoy people visiting your country ? 
  yes , it very much does . 
  but tourists bring money ... 
  * tips fedora *, 
  rome is not quite the best place to land a job at the moment ; as much as it pains me to admit it , the capital has become kind of a shithole to actually live in for a whole variety of reasons i am not going to enumerate here ( lack of transportation , horrible traffic , pollution , lack of opportunities , crumbling infrastructure , anything else ranging from that bitch of a mayor to the shitty people ) . 
  besides ... you likely will not be living in the centre . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  i highly suggest you go to milan instead - always assuming you 've got a minimum of marketable skills , experience and education in the very first place . 
  also , you 're going to need at least some decent knowledge of italian : no language , no job . 
  btw if you like clean air or surroundings then rome is definitely * not * the place you 're looking for !, 
  huh ? 
  where 's this abundance of government jobs you speak of ? 
  they 've been cutting on those too ( veteran of 10 + * concorsi * here ) . 
  everybody knows there are no women in cs , it 's a sausage fest on par with engineering . 
  uh-oh - my previous comment is missing a sarcasm tag !, 
  anyway , to answer your question : i personally would n't think anything in particular about that . 
  as for the other guys studying industrial chemistry ... well ... 
  i think they would be thrilled , embarrassed , and would probably try to woo her as soon as she steps inside the maths building . 
  it 's incel territory down there . 
  the only thing missing is some booze in a brown paper bag . 
  they go full rancid swine . 
  do n't fret it . 
  you 're discovering your own body and this takes time ; it 's a lenghty process . 
  anal sex has n't got much to do with the way it is usually shown in pornos ... 
  i mean , you see people just jackhammering the fuck out of each other . 
  that 's not exactly how it 's supposed to work , better yet , you want to take your sweet time to get used to it first !, 
  now - i do n't know your age or previous experience ( or lack thereof ) but i heartily suggest you to get to know yourself a bit better down there , in case you already have n't .
