  recycling an old post of mine on the subject ... 
   [ ... ] after ww2 , many returned home but some 44,000 chose to stay behind . 
  however , on september 1st , 1969 all of this changed with muhammad gheddafi coming to power after having deposed the old king idris . 
  on july 21 , 1970 all the assets of the italian residents had , by force of a decree of the newly-established libyan revolutionary command council , been confiscated ; the ` colonists ' were ordered to leave with whatever they could carry on their persons while their land , shops , homes , furniture , cars were being requisitioned and their social security accounts frozen ( as far as i know , no compensation was ever paid by the new libyan government ) . 
   the last italians had left the country on 7 october 1970 ; this date marked a national holiday - the `` day of vengeance '' - until 2011 . 
  only in 2007 these people were allowed to visit the place they lived and grew up in . 
   * look [ here ] ( http://notizie.tiscali.it/media/11/02/italiani_libia_1970.jpg_415368877.jpg ) , [ here ] ( http://www.airl.it/public/asset_images/media_photos/147.jpg ) , [ here ] ( http://www.lindro.it/wp-content/uploads/logo/arton8392.jpg ) and [ here ] ( http://www.airl.it/public/asset_images/media_photos/146.jpg ) for some photos of the exodus ( indeed , all i could find ) . 
   * [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ywg7flauway#t=568 ) 's a short video about their ordeal ; unfortunately it 's in italian w/o subtitles . 
   the relationship between colonists and libyans was not quite among the best , although much had been forgiven after the war ( thanks at least in part to king idris ' tolerant stance ) . 
  after 1969 most libyan jews left as well , and many of them settled in rome . 
  neither them , nor the romans , nor the byzantines are responsible for that ; and if you take into account that until the mid-15th century the kingdom of naples was among the most prosperous in the peninsula , you can see why that affirmation ca n't be true . 
  in reality , much of the south 's disparities can be addressed to the rapacious spanish domination ( 1516/1734 ) , as well as the * mostly * inept rule of the bourbons ( who failed to turn the country into a modern industrialised state despite it being , ironically , on the forefront of many innovations ) . 
  unification was beneficial from many points of view - however , despite the progresses , many of the old structures of power which had impeded the south 's development were left at their places and this , coupled with the absence of an entrepreneurial class/spirit among the local elites as well as the competition from the industries up north ( which the new unitary government hoped would provide some kind of stimulus ) is why the south is what it is . 
  also - 60 years of corrupt local governments , often under the banner of the * democrazia cristiana * , had their toll . 
  wtf , they 've also stolen the snippet at the beginning from [ rulers of nations 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=9cbtjyghbkq#t=655 ) ... 
  not sure i 'd ever go fishing anywhere near the tiber ... 
  ... let alone * eat * something that came from there . 
  yep !, 
  and to think you could bathe in it just 60 years ago !, 
  my father did it often as a child , but back then there were even private beaches along the river ... 
  i agree - but the problem with the tiber is that it 's pretty much useless nowadays , both economically and touristically ( as it is too small/shallow to be navigated and besides - you ca n't see nothing of the city from its banks ) . 
  an awful , * awful * whole lot of entities are responsible for its maintenance and the city hall not only 's on the verge of bankruptcy but must face rome 's other ( and arguably far more pressing ) problems , such as traffic ... 
  also , i might add that the river is conspicuosly absent from the contemporary roman mindset as nobody usually thinks about it ... not even when giving directions !, 
  it just does n't cross your mind that there 's a river below , you just drive from point a to b without paying any attention to it . 
  so yeah , i too think it 's sad . 
  especially the raids at alexandria and souda bay . 
  luigi durand de la penne ( who , despite his name , was totally italian ) must 've had two balls of steel in order to pull off what he did - namely planting a bomb on a british ship , being discovered then brought aboard that * very same vessel * only to reveal its location at the last minute . 
  also luigi rizzo and his raids against the austrian navy , but that happened during ww1 ( another serious contestant , gabriele d'annunzio , belonged to that timeframe too ) . 
  why does n't anybody speak american in here ?!, 
  come no ... 
  i should have known better . 
  but after a drink too many , cap'n peenus was the one in command of the ship now . 
  except that they are n't , because the army 's chemical institute is made by actual doctors and scientists - do n't forget that is they who produce ( d ) most of our nerve gas , antidotes and stuff . 
  and as much as i 'd like it , the ganja 's not for the whole world to share ... but only to be processed and sold in italian pharmacies/hospitals for other things such as the benefit of those patients who need a hand undergoing chemotherapy . 
  18-year-old kiddos are too busy guarding warehouses all night or counting bullets - they ca n't get anywhere close . 
  because ... 
   its chemical plant ( yes , we have one ) is secure enough and has got all the equipment/experienced staff already available - not to mention the fact that it is owned directly by the state , so there 's no relying on private corporations . 
  and it 's not like the government is doing this for free , they 're getting some cash back ... 
   and , why the hell is the army involved in this ? 
  those that are fighting people producing drugs are now the ones producing it ? 
  this is so messed up . 
  because , again ... 
   its chemical plant ( yes , we have one ) is secure enough and has got all the equipment/experienced staff already available - not to mention the fact that it is owned directly by the state , so there 's no relying on private corporations . 
  and it 's not like the government is doing this for free , they 're getting some cash back ... 
  and btw, 
   the army 's chemical institute is made by actual doctors and scientists - do n't forget that is they who produce ( d ) most of our nerve gas , antidotes and stuff . 
  [ ... ] the product will only be processed and sold in italian pharmacies/hospitals for people such as the patients who need a hand undergoing chemotherapy . 
  those chemical corps have been there since the 1800s , they know their shit . 
  as i 've already explained in other posts , processing the ganja at army 's chemical institute plant - which is staffed by actual doctors , scientists , whatever - represents the most secure and economical way for our state to provide patients with medical cannabis without having to depend on private corporations , so as to offer these much-needed drugs at subsidised prices . 
  importing them from places such as the netherlands is too costly , and companies are just as happy to jack the prices up . 
  this way the state gets some money out of it , folks undergoing chemotherapy can now afford a valid product to cope with their pains , and less gets actually gets in the criminals ' pockets . 
  it 's a win-win , if you ask me . 
  i 'd heartily suggest indro montanelli and roberto gervaso 's * storia d'italia * - not only does it cover the whole timeframe you were looking for , but perhaps there 's even an english translation out there . 
  and if you can read italian , second-hand book shops have tons of copies ... as you can find that series in pretty much every italian household !, 
  speaking from ( relatively ... ) personal experience i would be inclined to say that yes , interracial relationships were not uncommon in the colonies albeit probably not to the degree or in the ways you were thinking of . 
  most of these actually resembled more a sort of concubinate than the kind of ` proper ' things with an official recognition whatsoever ; let 's not forget that the italian society of the time was fairly conservative , not to mention inequal , and obviously such considerations had an impact on the relationship between the colonists and those who were colonised . 
  the * madamato * was a relatively common ( if unrecognised ) practice involving ` temporary ' arranged unions between an italian man and an eritrean wife ; it was widespread among labourers and members of the military alike , as it was tolerated by the latter 's superiors - the spouses were usually virgins and thus far less likely to have contracted many of the diseases local prostitutes had . 
  and given how class-conscious people from the higher classes were it is not unreasonable to assume that they did n't actually take part in the system , which was largely limited to soldiers . 
   what happened to the children of these unions ? 
  many of these children ended up in the care of religious organisations - keep in mind that one of their parent was more often than not a soldier - but a few were actually legitimised by their biological fathers , at least until 1937/8 . 
  colonial authorities had initially taken a disapproving stance on the matter and after the rise of the fascist regime , they actively tried to put an end to these practices ... with little success . 
  if you take into account the fact that the racial laws proved either too difficult or problematic to enforce even in the more tightly-controlled libya , it 's not hard to see why the authorities failed in doing so despite the harsh measures enacted by the central government . 
   was it a taboo subject in italy and eritrea at the time ? 
  not quite - meaning that while that practice may have been very well frowned upon in the mainland , everybody knew what was happening and there was little that could be realistically done about it . 
  ironically , the further away from the colonies these officials happened to be the more concerned they were !, 
  there was disparity of opinions ... 
  ... local commanders and bureaucrats cared relatively little about it , not least because they might have had an eritrean ` spouse ' themselves . 
  and perhaps unsurprisingly , the hundreds of thousands of labourers who were called to work on the infrastructural projects pushed by the regime - such as the imperial road network - cared the least of all . 
  by the way , finally an interesting question !, 
   [ ... ] there are not `` gothic people in these areas '' but the descendents of goths live and lived in these areas ( ethnicity and culture being flexible ) . 
  mainly because the barbarian invaders never were that numerous ( ~ 150,000 / 200,000 people ) to begin with ... as well as being always vastly outnumbered by the locals , whose population was in the millions . 
  the ostrogoths , pretty much like the lombards after them , ended up having to intermarry with the * romanici * and were thus assimilated by the latter - gradually losing their language and customs in the process . 
  i do n't think that the process was much different from what happened in the italian peninsula , but i may be wrong and you 'd better ask an expert on medieval spain !, 
  the short answer is * yes * . 
  the long answer is ... the bombing of rome in july 1943 and the subsequent invasion of sicily proved to be the last straw for the faltering fascist government . 
  mussolini , now quite unpopular even among his closest associates ( the * gerarchi * ) , was deposed by these very same people on 25 july with the consent of the king - who had already started to loathe him well before 1940 and wasted no opportunity to finally get rid of him . 
  the ( now-ex ) * duce * was sacked , arrested and replaced - keep in mind he was technically still a pm - with marshal badoglio , whose government started secret negotiations with the western allies so as to end the hostilities . 
  the germans however had already caught wind of the affaire and when the armistice at cassibile had been made public , they invaded - also with the support of the troops they already had in the peninsula . 
  the government was relocated to brindisi and the increasingly-untenable capital was declared an ` open city ', 
  badoglio , in his sheer incompetency , did n't think about it and left the royal italian army without any clear order whatsoever ; hostilities were then hastily declared against the now-former ally , but a few divisions which had been literally caught by surprise because of the rather sudden turn of events had already been disarmed by the germans . 
  and this is where i actually answer your question . 
   did italy fight against germany in wwii ? 
  given the lack of orders prior to the new government declared war on germany , it was up to the single commander ( and his men ) to choose whether to accept the new state of things and be ` peacefully ' disarmed or fight their soon-to-be-former allies : the latter is what many did . 
  the divisions at cephalonia and carpathos managed to temporarily overcome the german garrisons before capitulating after a bloody siege and being subsequently massacred . 
  in rome the * granatieri * as well as some other units , the * carabinieri * and even university students , managed to hold off the advancing germans at the porta s. paolo ( then in the city 's northern suburbs ) before being outnumbered , outgunned and slaughtered . 
  a lot of other , smaller clashes took place elsewhere . 
  this marked the beginning of the german occupation . 
  mussolini had been freed during a german raid and formed a puppet government in northern/central italy , the italian social republic . 
  many of the soldiers chose to join the local partisans ( as it also happened in greece ) ; others were given the choice to collaborate with mussolini 's gov ' t and did so ; those in the south joined the co-belligerent army fighting along the allies . 
  the italian civil war had begun . 
  and please excuse the lack of sources , but it 's 8 a.m. here !, 
  mmmh , a rather forgettable article rife with inaccuracies and ridiculous conclusions ... 
  ... a fine piece of journalism indeed . 
  problem is , we [ italians ] do n't give them any kind of welfare whatsoever . 
  the folks up north do . 
  did n't the early stages of ww2 ( invasion of poland ) also see a limited use of armoured trains , or am i mistaken ? 
  very interesting footage !, 
  upvoted for its historical significance ... 
  ... and slightly raunchy soundtrack . 
  in italy 's case , the normative framework varied from city to city ( as did the side of the road one had to drive in , at least until 1929 ) .
