  or so my boss said ... that cheap , tax-evading lard-arse !, 
  * tried enlisting in the military and after a truly grueling examination , i made it to our equivalent of boot camp - but was lately rejected because i did n't end up ` among the first 900 candidates ' ( there were just 167 positions available ) . 
  * i also wanted to become a baker , and actually helped out a family friend out by working night-shifts ( had to get an unbelievably costly haccp certification in order to be able to do that ) but his * alimentari * ultimately went out of business , so i found myself jobless once more . 
  * went to a weird job interview , the ` office ' was located in a basement somewhere in the city 's outskirts and was almost deserted . 
  the guy in charge was very vague and wanted me to sign something , i refused to and told him to fuck off ( then discovered that i had just dodged a door-to-door scam , even though the ad read `` comfy office job '' ) . 
  another guy selected me to become a real-estate agent , but the abilitation course was expensive and i would 've had to pay for it . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  * i must 've applied to countless job positions , only to be told ... nothing ; they probably saw my cv and wiped their arses with it . 
  my aunt took me to help her with re-stocking supermarkets , until i participated in a lenghty competition for a job as an airport security guard . 
  guess what ? 
  i did n't make it . 
  somebody then suggested me to become one of those hawkers that sell overpriced tours of the vatican ... near the vatican !, 
  it was exhausting and the pay was a measly 10 eur per person , it lasted until i saw a promoter punching another guy for a customer and noped the fuck out . 
  * a friend of mine noticed my ( self-taught ) ` expertise ' on antique books , and took me in as an unpaid apprentice bookbinder/restorer ; i now round up a few quids by selling off some of the valuable books in his possession ( i get a commission ) , but it 's better than nothing . 
  i 'm currently studying to become both a licenced tour guide * and * a taxi driver - just in case should i not make it even this time . 
   [ ... ] but italy ? 
  nah , as an italian myself i can tell you than nobody other than old people gives a hoot about the church anymore ; things have indeed changed greatly in the last 40 years !, 
  interestingly - weddings , baptisms and the like still take place in churches because it 's ... tradition , do n't know if you get the point . 
  also , many people here resent the the church because of the many scandals , its nosy and hypocritical attempts to get involved in our internal affairs ( geez , the pope 's the head of state of a foreign country after all ! ), 
  and lastly because of its tax-free status , despite it owning lots of buildings all over italy . 
  moreover , it is not at all uncommon for italians to utter blasphemies when under distress , so here you go ... 
  : unsurprisingly , the church 's rather backward teachings in matter of sexuality are n't exactly popular over here . 
  whenever we did field trips , the other kids always bought something as a souvenir ... 
  i did n't . 
  plus , everytime we went to the gym my friends bought some snacks and usually offered them to me because they knew my parents did n't give me much money ; it was kind of humiliating if you ask me . 
  what lovey scene ? 
  anyhoo , i 'd probably go with * the long and winding road * ( i think i know how any potential relationship would end up ) , that song from benny hill 's sketches for the action scenes and lastly ... the * lover 's theme * from 2 girls 1 cup , because at this point we all definitely know what my life has tasted like so far . 
  european here , we do n't need no lotion this side of the ocean . 
  gaeta ? 
  terracina ? 
  now that 's a good joke . 
  there 's also * central * italy , but nobody ever gives a shit about us ( and yes , i 'm looking at you op ! ) . 
   [ ... ] the common consensus seems to be that the two halves of the boot are like water and oil - they do n't mix [ ... ], 
  mmh , i do n't think so . 
  i 'm roman and one of my ( admittedly , few ) exes hailed from turin ; does this make me a basket case ? 
   [ ... ] in fact , there is even a significant political party ( lega nord , based in lombardia ) that aims to secede from the union and create a new state of exclusively northern regions . 
  not anymore , they 're too focused on `` kicking them damn foreigners out of our country '' now . 
   [ ... ] all this goes to show that beauty is the main unit of measurement in italy ; the one essential quality a person , place or thing must have to be of any value at all . 
  oh geez - what are you , a disciple of tom jones ' from * the dark heart of italy * ? 
  that 'd be the same guy who said we italians had transcended morality altogether by putting beauty in the place of good and evil - something totally ridiculous if you ask me . 
   [ ... ] preparing even the simplest meal can give rise to heated debates on which procedures to follow for the best taste . 
  i really ca n't emphasize enough strongly italians ( from north to south ) feel about cooking . 
  when cooking a meal with friends , all parties involved in the cooking , eating , or observing of the meal must agree on every aspect of its creation to avoid drama . 
  the opinions proffered suggest knowledge of cooking available only to professional chefs and , apparently , italians . 
  they defend their viewpoints by recalling generations-old wisdom , ( allegedly ) current medical studies , personal experience , and personal insults . 
  now now , food may be taken seriously here - especially when we get to see what americans dare call ` italian ' food - but come on , nobody takes it * that * seriously . 
  not even southerners ( i kid , i kid ) . 
  did you take this paragraph straight out of `` under the tuscan sun '' ? 
   [ ... ] from north to south , there is nothing more entrenched in italian culture than a mother . 
  she is there , ruling over her children until the end of her days , dispensing judgment , care , admonishment , advice , and occasional well-deserved violence . 
  i 've seen sixty year-old men , married and with successful careers , receive calls from their worried mothers because they were out after midnight . 
  they are severe and emotional in the same breath . 
  their fury is implacable , their love is the sweetest . 
  they will prepare industrial-size crates of homemade breads , sweets , pickled vegetables , meats , and cheeses for their children studying or working in different cities . 
  is it excessive ? 
  probably . 
  does it stop children from ever gaining true independence and establishing a life ? 
  maybe . 
  huh ? 
  mum ca n't cook , dad was mostly away and i 've just moved out at the `` tender '' age of 22 ; nobody ever made the bed for me after i was ten years old and in addition to that i had to learn how to wash the dishes , iron my own laundry and basically do just about everything by myself . 
  my parents certainly did n't prevent me from becoming a full-functioning human ... quite the opposite !, 
  and the only person i know who could possibly be able to cook that much food is my own grandmother ( but she only does that just about once every other xmas , and many in the family complain about the waste of food ) . 
  that 's it . 
  undeniably , there 's some people who are pampered and catered for by their mothers but i hope they 're a minority . 
   [ ... ] so what do you think , am i right ? 
  i 'm afraid you 're not ; yours is more like an endless clich\u00e9 and at the very least this certainly does n't reflect my experience . 
  anyway , you seem to have got quite a solid base in stereotypes ... did you ever consider writing some hollywood chick-flick ? 
  it is also done as a way not to displease the elders in the family . 
  while working as a promoter ( that 'd be little more than a street hawker selling overpriced tours of italy to strolling foreigners ) , i saw a colleague punching the shit out of another guy from a rival agency ... or the other way around , i was n't really sure . 
  the job was miserable and the pay low , so i just got the fuck out of there . 
  very few people here look like your stereotypical italian ; many of us have got have fair skin , blue eyes and blonde/ginger hair . 
  also , we eat other things besides pasta and pizza , quite a few people here do not gesticulate at all and our war record actually is not * that * bad . 
  rome is not in the south , the whole north-south thing is overblown beyond measure , there 's actually something called central italy which is kind of unlike the other two - do not confuse them for pete 's sake !, 
  - and those ` poor ' seismologists were n't imprisoned because they failed to predict an earthquake but rather , because they were pressured into lying to the population that nothing would 've ever happened and that they could sleep safely in their homes . 
  the so-called * bella figura * is definitely not what you think it is , very few people can afford designer clothes , what you call pizza is not considered as such over here ... and no , we do n't have mid-day siestas !, 
  our workdays are pretty much like yours , our mothers are mostly reasonable persons , some of us would like to move out but ca n't due to the crisis and the ridiculous rents ( not because of our ` female parenting units ' ) , the new 500 is considered a girly car , silvio berlusconi is currently barred from holding any public office , most of us do n't share his anomalous sex drive nor do we hit on women that often , cat-calling and butt-pinching are actually considered a big no-no in our society and lastly , we could n't care less about the pope or the church in general ( but our government does , mainly to appease the older demographics ) . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  the kind of parties in which people are often forced to dance ... 
  i 'll be at the buffet pretending to talk with a fellow human who does n't appear to enjoy the thought of humiliating himself in front of a prospective sexual partner . 
  also , i would like you to take your fucking dog off me , for i will never gently pat its head !, 
  `` i like your ... jeans !, 
  oh , well , i love you . '', 
  a long-forgotten classmate , ca . 
  they definitely did ( well ... sort of ) - i hope they 'll keep improving !, 
  his parents were italian , more precisely tuscans . 
  and corsica itself was until 1768 - the year before napoleon was born - a genoese possession inhabitated by italian people who ( still ) speak a dialect of tuscan , so here you go ... 
  i should probably point out that mussolini was still - at least from a legal pov - italy 's prime minister and that victor emmanuel iii himself retained some kind of powers , such as veto . 
  the king had also a certain leverage to threaten the duce with , in that both the army and the navy were more loyal to him than they were to the dictator : after all , they still swore fealty to the king and not to mussolini . 
  ^ 1 nevertheless , he would have needed the grand council 's consent in order to get rid of the duce ( who had an entire party and the mvsn behind him ! ), 
  as it happened on 25 july 1943 . 
   in short , mussolini was absolutely not a figurehead . 
  that 's correct : but while he was certainly not a mere puppet , he definitely was n't as powerful as hitler of stalin were . 
  the king 's powers and those of his pm were often in precarious balance , and theirs was a rather uneasy ( at times almost symbiotical ) relationship ; it 's no secret that mussolini wanted to get rid of the monarchy sooner or later , and v.e. 
  iii knew that . 
  indeed , he 'd gone as far as planning the duce 's destitution in march 1940 ^ 2 so as to get rid of him , prevent the country 's possible entry into war and put the more `` accommodating '' galeazzo ciano in its place ; he was the ideal candidate , still loyal to the crown despite being the kind of person the fascists would 've accepted as future head of the government . 
  it was also essential not to make it look like the obvious coup it 'd have been ( more like a ` peaceful ' transition ) for the reasons mentioned above - but in the end , any such plans were shelved . 
  the oath every new recruit in the * regio esercito * had to take recited :, 
  * `` i swear to be loyal to the king and his royal successors , to respect and faithfully observe the statute * [ that 'd be the statuto albertino , italy 's pre-war constitution ] * as well as the other laws of the state , and to fulfil my duties towards the country with no other goal than the good of the king and that of the fatherland , which are one and the same '' . 
  - * nuova storia contemporanea * , n. 5 ( ed . 
  le lettere , sept/oct .
