  i 'm afraid i 'm going to need more specific questions in order to give you a satisfactory answer ... anything in particular you wanted to ask with regard to rome and/or the rest of the papal states ? 
  language ? 
  society ? 
  architecture ? 
  hi there !, 
  i realise this question 's already been answered but [ this other thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/33xcvq/why_was_the_statue_augustus_of_prima_porta/ ) might be of interest , too . 
  the very fact that he 's admitted to molesting a couple of kids did n't help , either . 
  quite the anticlerical neckbeard ... he actually suppressed a fair number of reliegious orders between 1850 and 1861 !, 
  ( and took their monies as well , but that 's another story ) . 
  oddio , all ` epoca mi avevano regalato omnia junior coi giochetti e le [ canzoncine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk5lfuoglh0 ) ... 
  note that the term * lungotevere * refers to the boulevards located above both embankments , though . 
  ( btw i 'm sorry for the gratuitous pedantry !, 
  in italian , but it may have very well been dubbed . 
  no , but again - that 's hardly surprising since most films in italy are dubbed anyway ... 
  if memory serves me well , you only see it flying away . 
  nope , sorry , no . 
  it 's not this one . 
   wait , does n't italy use a king ? 
  we used to have one . 
  we then did away with the monarchy with a sham referendum in 1946 ... you know , the one in which the dead rose from their graves to vote in favour of a republic and protesters were deliberately shot at . 
   [ ... ] after italy unified in the 1860 's much of southern italy and sicily was left unguarded from police and the government for many years [ ... ], 
  excuse me but : what ? 
  after the unification the newly-created tax system was uniformed on the piedmontese model . 
  something which led to an increase in taxes ( i.e. 
  the one on flour ) which , in turn , fuelled a drastic surge in crime . 
  scores of brigands - some of whom were actually funded by the deposed bourbons - started scorching the countryside and the army had to be sent in order to quash the disturbances ; the former two-sicilies were all * but * demilitarised at the time . 
  i need an adult, 
  somehow it reminded me of [ this masterpiece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp9v2bpt1ci ) . 
  just not the kind of adult a child would like to meet at the park , i 'm afraid . 
  i too like moonage daydream !, 
  especially [ the part ] ( https://youtu.be/jfdj3shxvco?t=193 ) towards the end ... 
  ... that one , and starman . 
  you work at disneyland , do n't you . 
  pills ? 
  who needs pills when we 've already got miracle spring water \u2122 for that . 
  nice pic , but you probably meant * signor prigile * ( se\u00f1or is spanish ) . 
  e la seicento color vomito ? 
  brava !, 
  genio !, 
  i 'm afraid there might be a few issues with your post : i 'll try to address them . 
   [ ... ] the areas of tyrol and the swiss alps border was always a security concern for northern italians who wanted this swiss alps as a natural defense from potential invading armies . 
  kind of true - but the security concern in question was born directly as a result of ww1 , not before it . 
  indeed it was the italian government of the time , pushed by the higher ups in its own military , which sought to annex south tyrol for what can be described as purely strategic reasons ( italian-speaking trentino was not as easy to defend ) . 
   [ ... ] a mutual hatred among the various city-states against austria [ ... ], 
  at this point in history it would 've been incorrect , and slightly anachronistic , to talk about city-states ; with the possible exception of san marino there were none left in the peninsula . 
  especially after the congress of vienna . 
   [ ... ] there was most certainly an idea of a northern italian identity . 
  this is significant , that it applies to northern italy [ ... ] was very much the more industrial and wealthy regions of the peninsula . 
  popular opinion was to unify savoy , piedmont , venizia , milano , and cut the border at rome . 
  many northern italians wanted nothing to do with the rural south because of racial and discriminating stereotypes . 
  however , giuseppe garibaldi basically threatened the government in savoy , that if the whole peninsula were not unified , the south would get rome . 
  and no one was willing to challenge garibaldi , the famous general of the red brigade . 
  so it was agreed to unite the entire peninsula . 
  i 'd like to see a source for such a bold claim , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  by the way :, 
  1 ) i just find the idea of a generic northern italian identity ( as opposed to what exactly ? ), 
  preposterous - especially at this time in history . 
  i mean , they 're not even united yet and they ca n't already stand each other ? 
  this also fails to account for both the fairly widespread sentiments in favour of unification and the participation in rebellions ( milan , venice ) or military campaigns among the people of kingdom ( which included most of the north ) . 
  2 ) the reasons for not taking rome straight away had nothing to do with the two sicilies , which would 've been liberated anyway , but france ( hint : garibaldi 's expedition was supported by both the king and his pm , cavour ) . 
  3 ) you may have misunderstood the meeting at teano , during which victor emmanuel ii received formal possession of those lands from garibaldi himself ; wild and unsubstantiated rumours were circulating that the latter , a known republican , might have wanted to install a personal dictatorship in the south ( hint : this was n't the case ) . 
  4 ) the racial stereotypes you mention are posterior to unification , and the government of piedmont was located in ... turin , fittingly . 
  savoy - the region from which the homonymous house took its name - was already french by 1860 . 
  5 ) what 's this ` red brigade ' you 're talking about ? 
  if you 're referring to garibaldi 's * redshirts * , you should know that the formation in question was created just before the expedition and it did n't pose a threat to the piedmontese anyway ( even the papal troops - and that is saying something !, 
  - were able to stop them , at mentana ) . 
   [ ... ] much of the south was also against unifying with the north . 
  it was pretty apparent that the north would be making the decisions for the country and control the economy , so this was an issue that went both ways , really . 
  while the south really ended up being disillusioned by the whole experience , most southerners were actually * in favour * of the intervention as 1 ) the bourbons were extremely unpopular , especially in sicily and 2 ) it was hoped that a land reform would 've been enacted . 
  the * brigantaggio * , as well as the brutal repression that followed , did the rest . 
  i 'm afraid that the fable about all southerners opposing unification from the beginning is neo-borbonic propaganda !, 
  lost-causeism at its worst . 
   [ ... ] only to find out later that they 'd been tricked ( like garibaldi ) and used to help the piedmontese fulfil their ambitions ( by this i mean the idea of an italian republic as opposed to the house of savoy ruling italy as a kingdom ) . 
  could you elaborate more on that , please ? 
  until 1946 the south was pretty much a royalist stronghold ( most of the pro-monarchy votes came from there ) . 
  i see your point and i agree . 
  mostly . 
  so far only ( potentially ) contentious parts i see are :, 
  1 ) were southerners treated as second-class citizens ? 
  while the new state did n't certainly live up to their expectations , the new subjects were in fact ... and perhaps paradoxically ... treated like everyone else in the country : hence the problem . 
  piedmontese taxes and regulations were indiscriminately extended to the new territories as well , but without any regard whatsoever to the actual socioeconomical status of the local residents - who were certainly poorer than their milanese or florentine counterparts but were also used to a * much * lighter , bearable tax load . 
  the imposition of a new tax in flour was quite literally the straw that broke the camel 's back ; with no land reform in sight , a far heavier fiscal load , and bourbon-funded agitators roaming the countryside shit was almost guaranteed to hit the fan sooner or later . 
  2 ) as far as the referendum of 1946 is concerned , its outcome can not simply be ascribed to a general state of backwardness and ignorance , not least because the the monarchy still enjoyed the favour of many educated italians ( among them an unsuspectable , alcide de gasperi - himself a northerner ) . 
  i 'd rather pin it on the consequences of the war and the disputed conduct of victor emmanuel iii instead ... keep in mind that the centre-north bore the brunt of the german occupation , and that 's perhaps the reason as to why such a curious disparity in voting preferences came to be . 
  afaik no , not particularly ( unless you consider that laughable fringe of lunatics who want the two sicilies , and thus the bourbons , back ) . 
  it * is * something one would associate with old people , though . 
  armiamoci e partite !, 
  edit : non se n ' \u00e8 parlato ma il fatto quotidiano ( ! ), 
  ** generi **, 
  because the lira of old was a ridiculously volatile currency , that 's why !, 
  and even if the government was to sell its reserves , the proceeds would only cover for less than 5 % of the debt . 
  ah , il famigerato e-learning !, 
  confuse , ma tante . 
  this gal makes vice principal nero look like a gifted violinist . 
  bitch ... puh-lease !, 
   [ ... ] what if any are my options for working in italy if i do not speak italian ? 
  i 'll be brutally honest . 
  you 've got none . 
  but , hey ... even if you were a native they 'd still be non-existent !, 
  1947 all over again ?
