  do n't become a statistic - * cover up , now !, 
  ( also , wear a jacket and do n't sweat . 
  or else ) . 
  you 're supposed to put the bucket on the head of the guy you 're robbing !, 
  not yours . 
  metro ? 
  a che serve ? 
  pure voi dateje tempo a virginia e a quell ` altra velina della meleo , eh ... 
   southern italy had a big arabic population in the middle age [ ... ], 
  that was sicily , though , not southern italy as a whole . 
  and the arab domination only lasted a century and a half ; while jews and arabs made up a significant part of the population , that state of affairs lasted until the 11/12th century when they were expelled ( first by the normans and then by the emperors ) . 
  as for the mainland itself , it never had an arabic presence even though some of those who were expelled relocated there - e.g. 
  at lucera - but did n't last long . 
  i know - this is why i mentioned lucera , which is located in apulia ... 
  yes , very much so !, 
  trieste is an italian city and it just so happens to be located within that narrow strip of land ; last time ( 1945 ) the locals did n't seem too keen on becoming yugoslavian citizens anyway . 
  besides ... according to that line of reasoning , it 's nearby towns like pirano , portorose , capodistria - just to mention a few - which should be returned * to italy * as they used to be part of it and were home to an italian majority before 1947 ( when istria was partitioned and many of its inhabitants either [ murdered ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foibe_massacres ) or [ expelled ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istrian_exodus ) ) . 
  i 'm sure my mother 's side of the family would be thrilled at the prospect of becoming slovenian citizens . 
  this is madness !, 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  thank you for the kind words but i am very aware of my nation 's history and the crimes perpetrated by the fascist regime ( part of my family had to deal with it but this is obviously not relevant ) . 
  while those of us who were charged - but not tried due to cold war logic - were definitely responsible for the crimes ascribed to them i still think you guys may need to get off that high horse of yours , as if you somehow were the only victims of the whole ordeal ; there 's plenty of blood on yugoslavian hands too ... think about it next time you choose to throw members of your own formations , your neighbours or other innocent civilians down a sinkhole because ~ ~ you wanted their possessions ~ ~ they were `` fascists '' and deserved it ( kicker : the real fascists had already fled in mid-1943 ) . 
  how 'd you like them genocide olympics ? 
  oh , and last time i checked some of you were quite happy to jump on the nazi bandwagon as well ( something something [ slovene home guard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovene_home_guard ) ) . 
  btw no , trieste is not yours - i shudder thinking what might 've happened to my family if it was - and it never will . 
  if you really care to disagree then by all means do keep dreaming or better yet , get a grip because that ai n't going to change . 
  i can only apologise for what the * actual * fascists did to the slovenes and croatians in istria but it probably would n't be enough , if at all needed . 
  as far as i know our governments have long reconciled ; a bilateral committee of academics has been established ; we 're at peace now , and have been for quite some time . 
  but do n't even think for a moment you can flip history however you damn please . 
  you were thinking of tankettes - more specifically the [ cv-33 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l3/33 ) ( whose nickname was , in fact , * scatola di sardine * ) . 
  era il natale del male !, 
  til that i , and 60 million other italians , speak ... what exactly ? 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  were n't the austrians the ones who were pushing for a pre-emptive strike on italy ( 1908 ) , annexed bosnia without the consent of their allies ( 1908 again ) and then attacked serbia thus invalidating multiple chapters of their own , * defensive * treaty ? 
  the one they themselves had signed , agreed to be bound by and whose provisions somehow did not apply to them ? 
  italy had no obligation to join the central powers , especially at a time in which the austrian ` allies ' ( and i 'm using the word loosely ) were mistreating ethnic italian communities within the empire . 
  there was absolutely nothing to be gained , but everything to lose . 
  such wonderful allies ... 
  i wonder why many of their own subjects - like the czechs - preferred to fight for their enemies instead . 
  you forgot to mention the duke of aosta and 7000 of his men - among them many eritrean and somalian * ascari * - holding off some 41000 commonwealth troops for a whole month in 1941 , during the [ siege of the amba alagi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_amba_alagi_%281941%29 ) . 
  they had to run out of water , food and ammo before ceasing resistance ; the * ascari * in particular knew the ethiopians would n't spare them ... and fought accordingly . 
  another interesting tidbit , by no means the only one , is the italian colonists ' own insurgency and [ prolonged guerrilla ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_guerrilla_war_in_ethiopia ) against both british and ethiopian troops ( which lasted from 1941-3 ) . 
  they were led by amedeo guillet , italy 's very own lawrence of ... ethiopia ? 
  more like `` we won the first , got shafted at the peace talks , then lost the sequel '' . 
  i blame george lucas for that . 
  ww1 did not end at caporetto ; which , by and by , was followed by a whole string of other battles ( pozzuolo ; 2nd piave ; 1st , 2nd and 3rd monte grappa ) after that arsehole cadorna got sacked and diaz reined the high command in . 
  the austro-hungarians did n't wind up losing three capital ships , most of their army - 400k pows just at vittorio veneto - because of cgi you know . 
  this goes without mentioning the `` punitive expedition '' of 1916 , in which the austro-germans were so hell-bent at punishing the italians for their supposed treachery they ended up punishing * themselves * and getting their arses kicked in the process ... 
  i 'll agree about the second one , though , except for the `` switching sides '' part : in september 1943 the new italian government signed an unconditional surrender ( it did not join the allies though ) after the they succeeded in taking control of sicily and sardinia . 
  the peninsula was then invaded by the germans and italy plunged into a civil war . 
  same-ish thing for romania and bulgaria . 
  insufficient data for meaningful answer, 
  this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user 's privacy . 
  it was created to help protect users from doxxing , stalking , and harassment ... 
  galileo was n't jailed because of his beliefs but rather , because he ( indirectly ) ridiculed the current pope in his writings . 
  that same pope being galileo 's own sponsor , and the one who asked him for his views to be represented in the book ... 
  believe it or not , both the roman and spanish inquisitions were actually super-strict on judicial proceedings - accused were allowed to present evidence and testimony in order to have the charges levied against them dismissed whereas the civilian authorities ... tended to be kind of an unfair shitshow , to put it mildly . 
  giordano bruno , on the other hand , was sentenced to death not so much * because * of his heretical writings but for the contempt he showed towards the court and him refusing , multiple times , to retract . 
  sorry about that , give me a minute !, 
  english is not my first language and formatting is a bitch . 
  basically the pope asked galileo for his geocentric views , which he was pushing , to be represented within his new treatise as well . 
  problem is ... the fictional character he chose to represent those very same views came across as a total fool . 
  urbanus vii obviously did n't like it one bit ( imagine being asked by kim jong-un to write a piece of fanfiction for him in which he 's supposed to be a handsome superhero , and you describe him as the fat lazy bastard he is instead ) . 
  the charges those dominican friars had levied against him , and found him guilty of , were : 1 ) galileo chose to defend his theories at all costs , often going against the `` advice '' and ignoring the objections of his own sponsor ; 2 ) he `` bended '' the holy scriptures to support his views ; 3 ) some writings , purportedly written by him , went against these sacred truths ; 4 ) he , after having already been reprimanded for a similar offence , disregarded the injunction of cardinal bellarmine who had forbidden him from furthering his research ; 5 ) some of his books were placed on the index but then he printed his * dialogues * in florence , defying not only the court ruling but also the powerful cardinal 's authority once again . 
  there is , of course , but you also have to take a few factors into due account . 
  first and foremost - had galileo not been such a dick about his theories , thus inimicating his very own protectors , the whole affair might have not even happened in the first place . 
  secondly - the process was more politically , than religiously , motivated ; galileo had already vehemently ( to put it mildly ) disagreed with a prominent dominican preacher - who promptly denounced him to his very own colleagues . 
  thirdly , he * did * in fact have many supporters among religious scholars such as foscarini . 
  it was more about * lese majeste * and galileo providing his ( many ) enemies with an occasion to get rid of him . 
  of course it does - after all it 's not like the church of the time ( and perhaps its modern incarnation as well ) is known for being a beacon of human rights . 
  but while we both agree about that , i think it is important to point out how that very same church was n't exactly the monster it is often portrayed to be , either , especially compared to its secular counterparts - which definitely were n't lacking in barbarity . 
  * speer does n't know , oh , speer does n't know-ow !, 
  * i ca n't believe he 's so trusting , *, 
  * while hitler 's away ho-lo-caustin ' ... *, 
  `` no homo '' . 
  phallic imagery , probably ; those neckbeards * do * want to ravage m ` lady but they either ca n't , or wo n't , for whatever reason . 
  their unfulfilled sexual fantasies have thus to be sublimated , a katana being the perfect embodiment of such unspeakable desires . 
  com ` era ? 
  italian here . 
  social insurance is ... well ... something my grandparents enjoy ; better yet , it 's something one of my parents may be eligible for ; and something i have personally been assured i 'll never , ever be able to benefit from ( or so a couple government officials told me ! ) . 
  all that tax money they detract from your paycheque ? 
  you might as well kiss it good-bye , for you wo n't get a single penny back . 
  this is what we used to call social insurance ; it now belongs in a museum . 
  just like accessible health-care and privacy . 
  story time ? 
  unironically using the word `` socialism '' ... 
  not blaming italy for `` wanting to lead a good life full of sleep and drink '' ... 
  our apparent `` expectations to be bailed out by the more to do , industrious northern cousins '' ...
