  get hacked to smithereens by dr. lecter ? 
  whatever 's left of you is still there ... 
  try to wait it out and finally die of old age ? 
  years pass and nothing happens . 
  let 's put it this way : due to probabilistic shenanigans , you 're effectively immortal . 
  it sucks donkey ballz . 
  and you have to deal with it , because you keep suffering but the universe * just wo n't let you die * . 
  the bill ? 
  are we talking about a hospital or a fucking restaurant ? 
   his dick is n't the biggest, 
   nice 8 inches, 
  does not compute, 
  anon is friends with a medium because all the other people just keep ghosting on him . 
  i was under the impression that 20 cm are n't exactly that small , hence the comment . 
  unless i do n't know how to metric anymore and got the conversion all wrong ? 
  hai gettato la rubrica cartacea ? 
  look op , i do n't want to come across as ... cross but you do realise that we do n't speak spanish in italy , right ? 
  addressing locals in that language just because many americans seem to think that `` italian and spanish are basically the same thing '' is kinda rude . 
  now you know we speak english , too , so if you have any questions we 'll be glad to help you out . 
  ( either in italian or your own language that is ) . 
  americans like to do that . 
  hell , they even clap at the theatre !, 
  just go to a pharmacy , or see a doctor . 
  turns out * taken by the t-rex * was right all along . 
   their army sucked . 
  i disagree . 
  what sucked about the royal italian army during ww1 was its high staff . 
  most of it , anyways . 
  same thing goes for the austro-hungarians but they also had a plethora of other issues ... such as the many nationalities of the empire - czechs , slovaks , other italians , romanians - who not only had no desire to fight for the emperor but sometimes even joined the enemy side ( e.g. 
  the czechs , who sent a division to assist the italians ) . 
  the a-h were only lucky in that they 1 ) had the alps on their side 2 ) were assisted by the germans and 3 ) were fighting an idiot of the calibre of cadorna ; as soon as diaz was installed in late 1917 , the kuk army and whatever was left of their german buddies got curbstomped battle after battle , then got annihilated and quite literally ceased to exist as a fighting force after vittorio veneto - with the italians taking some 300/400k pows and a shitload of artillery , supplies , infrastructures and whatnot . 
  now * that * was what triggered the very fall of the empire . 
   [ ... ] same reason they failed in backing franco in the spanish civil war [ ... ], 
  as far as the volunteer corps is concerned , it pretty much did n't suck during the spanish civil war - franco * did * end up being succesfully installed and if you 're referring to guadalajara , that defeat was actually the nationalists ' fault as they not only failed to advance , or even hold their ground , but later retreated leaving the ctv alone in the field . 
  roatta then had what can be best described as the only bout of sanity in his career , and halted the offensive ... 
   [ ... ] and forced a reluctant hitler to pair with italy over hitlers desired ally of lloyd george 's england . 
  mussolini only turned to hitler when italy was hit by the embargo after the war in abyssinia ( 1936 ) . 
  the guy was definitely not a fan of his before or after the austrian crisis ( 1934 ) , he did n't even have a reason to join him in his endeavours until the hoare-laval pact got leaked to the press in 1935 and the following year 's military intervention . 
  hitler was n't forced to do anything ... he was actually the one who had been pestering mussolini - whom he saw as a mentor-like figure - since the early 1920s ( turns out the beer hall putsch of 1923 was inspired by the march of rome ) . 
  the king also vehemently opposed any kind of deals with hitler , but was overridden by the pm and his * gerarchi * . 
  italy 's public opinion was , at the time , pretty much unanimous on which side to join ; and that side was definitely not austria 's . 
  intellectuals were pushing to reclaim italian territories still under austrian rule ( some were advocating a `` regenerating bloodbath '' just for the sake of it ... ) but they also staunchly opposed the triple alliance on historical grounds : during the napoleonic wars austria had managed to carve up a sizeable chunk of northern italy for itself , thus extending its tyrannical rule over the peninsula and later opposing any attempt at self-rule or unification . 
  some of the italian governments too were hostile toward austria-hungary because of a few factors :, 
  1 ) its high staff 's had attempted a pre-emptive strike on italy - at the time still an ally - in 1908 ;, 
  2 ) its government had refused to honour the treaty terms under which austria-hungary was supposed to hand over italian territories as a form of compensation for their annexation of bosnia ( 1908 again ) ;, 
  3 ) the systematic , state-sponsored discrimination of italians within the empire . 
  in fact , the only voice still advocating in favour of the triple alliance was the king ( who used to be pro-german just like his father and margherita , the queen ) whereas socialists and catholics opposed the war on purely ideological or moral grounds . 
  besides - the alliance itself was a * defensive * one , at that , so italy 's stance on the matter is not only quite understandable but an eventual intervention on the side of central powers had no legal ground and no appeal whatsoever , especially when the ` allies ' had already shown that they were n't willing to uphold their part of the bargain ... 
  so there was n't much of a debate on which side to join ; the real issue was whether to join the war or not . 
   it 's not uncommon for * older * italians to have super religious names [ ... ], 
  ftfy, 
  but why be enlightened by your own intelligence when you can receive a phony god 's blessing ? 
   for your first point claiming franco won and that was a win for italy , im legit curious what you 've read on the subject . 
  well , the outcome of the spanish civil war was certainly a win for italy on a purely geopolitical ( and propagandistic ) level - having another friendly fascist regime in the mediterreanean , and one which may have helped curtail the british influence on that very sea simply by occupying gibraltar , was a very good prospect . 
  same thing could have happened in greece but both metaxas and the king leaned toward the british side . 
  what did * not * represent a win was the waste of money , supplies and other materiel italy did not have the means to replenish - especially not after the embargo in 1936 - and from whose loss it never recovered . 
  also , while the germans learnt plenty of lessons from that intervention , their italian counterparts pretty much did n't ; the victories in east africa and spain only served to make the italian high command even more complacent toward tactical and technological advances ( the decision to keep biplanes into production because of their excellent manoeuvrability , despite them quickly becoming outgunned by pretty much everything else , was made then and there ) . 
  not to mention the country 's industrial conglomerates ( ansaldo , breda , fiat ) which enjoyed a virtual monopoly on production thanks to the regime and were very close to both mussolini himself and elements at court , including the royal family ... 
   however the accounts i 've read ( can link later when not on mobile ) , seem to paint a grim campaign by the italians in spain and further fostered hitlers obsession with allying with loyd george in britian opposed to mussolini , who he seemed to have ( going mostly by hitlers published diaries a la ` hitlers war ' by david irving ) little respect for . 
  i do n't agree about hitler having little respect for mussolini , the accounts from ciano 's own diary seem to suggest quite the opposite ... down to the fan mail . 
  he only gained an edge in the relationship with mussolini after 1940 , and further influence/control as the war progressed ( better yet , was being lost ? ), 
  but he still had respect for the man . 
  and if he did n't , he certainly would n't have ordered his rescue in 1943 !, 
  if anything it was mussolini who considered hitler a naggy upstart all too keen to disrupt the balance of power ( ! ), 
  by assassinating his ally/close friend , the austro-fascist leader dollfuss , and attempting to annex austria in july 1934 . 
  mussolini was having none of it , the last thing he wanted was a strong germany right at the border . 
  edit : as far as my reading list is concerned , all my sources happen to be in the italian language but if you can read it and have good money to spare then i 'd suggest to have a look at * nuova storia contemporanea * - a very neat , bimonthly magazine whose contributors are very much established historians such as francesco perfetti , and others . 
  otherwise you may enjoy an english translation of galeazzo ciano 's diaries but unfortunately , i do n't know of any . 
  generally i am rather wary of suggesting english-language authors when it comes to italy 's modern history because a good many ( like that macgregor-knox guy ... ) of them either completely ignore the italian perspective or do little apart from perpetuating 70-year-old propaganda . 
  still , there are good ones around , like j. j. sadkovich . 
  i do n't know what to make of irving , he may 've had a good start but ... 
  holocaust denial and all that jazz !, 
  good article , the transit map is old though !, 
  dude looks like a discount bond villain . 
  * briefcase wanker !, 
  is n't that the vatican flag ? 
  oh , the irony . 
  but what if chad only has 7 felonies , 6 kids with 5 baby mamas and 4 warrants ? 
  and what does this have to do with pilates anyway ? 
  as is tradition, 
  personally , i 've found da giggetto much better than nonna betta 's . 
  just my two pence . 
  2 ) quella s\u00ec veramente immortale del [ ferrero rocher ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lwsaws78sc ) ( `` ambrogio , avverto un certo languorino ... '' ) . 
  4 ) la [ pubblicit\u00e0 dell ` estath\u00e8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd7kwowxzbm ) coi messicani e quella del [ t\u00e8 infr\u00e8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kmibxck4ra ) col direttore d'orchestra . 
  7 ) sempre in tema di montagne , ecco la pubblicit\u00e0 del [ cioccolato novi ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x10o3is_spot-novi-cioccolato_shortfilms ) . 
  8 ) [ gigi e la cremeria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh7vruqluvm ) ( ma la madre quanto cazzo spendeva in gelati ? ) . 
  9 ) charlize theron che scopre il culo per la pubblicit\u00e0 del [ martini ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow5qy347dni ) . 
  10 ) e ovviamente , la [ cedrata tassoni ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uark5dhghyg ) . 
  archeologia catodica . 
  mine was nude lara in tr3 . 
  dat low-polygon booty !, 
  [ yep !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6k2wfctahm ) but you had to get a cheat cartridge . 
  there was a similar crack/cheat thingy for * resident evil : nemesis * - it was a disc . 
  you had to insert the crack , select whatever cheat you wanted to use , insert the game disc and then you could finally start it with the cheats on . 
  it was quite impractical to say the least ... 
  too bad the vatican city is n't in lazio or even italy , for that matter . 
  dutchies wanted cheap , they got cheap . 
  also , our train system does n't suck ( at least not anymore ) but breda certainly did !, 
  and exploiting h-1b visas .
