  in 1898 the * comune * of milan was the first in the country to introduce a specific `` driving concession '' which was granted only after a thorough medical and psychological examination by a selected municipal committee - but apart from this , well , you just had to learn how to drive the damn contraption by yourself !, 
  a few years later , in 1901 , royal decree n. 416 established the first resemblance of a nation-wide licencing scheme : in order to get their own , prospective drivers had to make a formal request to the local prefect and then they had to pass a specific exam aimed at demonstrating their familiarity with the machine ... they just bought . 
  the exam in question was administered by officials from the kingdom 's public works office ( * genio civile * ) and once passed , the candidate got the licence proper - the one our driver had requested at the beginning of his/her bureaucratic adventure - as well as a small booklet bearing his/her signature and a photo . 
  eventual fines were annotated there . 
  licence plates and speed limits were n't introduced until some time after ( * regio decreto 8 gennaio 1905 , n. 24 * ) . 
   were there any driving instructors at the time ? 
  nope . 
  driving schools and instructors wo n't appear before a few decades , with the country 's mass motorisation . 
  nope , and i 'm from * central * italy ... 
  you too ?!, 
  hornello ? 
  whatever floats your boat , mate ... 
  no , allupato . 
  fleetwood mac , no question . 
  and i would have never known about them if it was n't for a fellow ccer !, 
  yes , at least in italy 's case - albeit not to the same degree . 
  in fact , the only period to have taken its name after that of a ruling monarch is the so-called * epoca umbertina * ( with the king in question , umberto i , having reigned from 1878 to 1900 ) . 
  it was marked by new trends in architecture - actually , the country experienced a true building craze - literature , and fashion . 
  the first stages of colonial expansion , as well as the growth of a modern industrial base , also took place during that period ( hence its notoriety ) . 
  an interesting question ... to which i hope to giver a limited , yet satisfactory , response ; tommaso di carpegna falconieri wrote an excellent paper on the matter ( * le trasformazioni onomastiche e antroponimiche dei ceti dominanti a roma nei secc . 
  x-xii * - in * m\u00e9langes de l'ecole fran\u00e7aise de rome * , 1994 ) and that 's what i 'm using . 
   did they use surnames ? 
  with regards to the area of the city of rome , which is the one covered by the paper i mentioned above , the simplest answer would be yes - they actually did . 
  the longer one is that 9/10th-century romans did n't quite use them in the same way as we do : patronymics , and not ` proper ' surnames , were the favourite way to indicate familiar ascendancy among the city 's various social strata . 
  and almost without any class distinction of sorts , we might add , for one 's social standing could actually be more easily guessed by looking at his or her * first name * instead !, 
  here 's how it worked ... 
  parents belonging to the richer strata tended to baptise their children with either greek or classical roman names , whereas their counterparts from a lower social background usually chose more ` typical ' ones such as * cencio * or * gosmario * . 
  biblical/germanic names were equally as popular and widespread , while that particular kind of stratum we might tentatively try to identify with some sort of a proto-middle class had a penchant for other romance names . 
  so we have two similar phenomena in which both classes shared the same naming patterns :, 
  * a commoner , one certain * saxus macellarius * ( `` sasso the butcher '' ) , had a son was formally mentioned by the local notary by the name of * gregorius sassonis macellarii * ( `` gregory [ the son ] of sasso the butcher '' ) . 
  * teobaldo , a nobleman , had another son who was - in a contract mentioning him - referred to as * stephanus filii theobaldi cenci de stephano * ( stephen the son of theobaldus [ son ] of cencio [ son ] of stephen [ the elder ] ) . 
  indeed , you may have noticed how most of these ` surnames ' actually consisted of a rather contrived way to summarise one 's genealogy by means of elencating the most recent ancestors ; this was by no means a perfect system , but it would evolve over a couple of centuries to become the one we know today . 
   did the noble houses have a name , like the romans did ? 
  did the concept of house exist at the time ? 
  the concept * per se * had certainly survived from antiquity ... it 's just that a person 's very own lineage was n't usually linked to a single and easily recognisable surname , a concept which would see the light only a few centuries after . 
  yep !, 
  ( btw , you 're welcome ) . 
  kind of , he was a pm . 
  but his term ( s ) mostly coincided with the rule of umberto i anyway . 
  i honestly do n't know , but it would n't be certainly unreasonable to assume that the flight/outright murder of most patrician families during the barbarian invasions may have had a role in contributing to that custom 's disappearance . 
  as far as similar chains are concerned , we actually got lots of `` mercatino '' shops over here ( rome ) . 
  actually the croatian variety of cured ham you just mentioned , whose lenghty preparation is subordinated to a rather laborious process which i wo n't be explaining here , originated from - and is still produced in - istria ... a region with a strong italian influence ( ethnic italians have been living there for centuries and most of the place had been also a venetian possession for a long time ) . 
  even the name of that very kind of ham can be considered a dead giveaway . 
  fricking great answer , man !, 
  this deserves more views . 
  ( and yes , i wish i could 've written it myself ) . 
  wow , this is really a great response to an interesting question . 
  very well done indeed !, 
  however , i would like to point something out :, 
   [ ... ] generals like ubaldo soddu , who spent his time on the collapsing greek front composing film scores [ ... ], 
  while i am not denying gen. soddu 's utter incompetency - and a few chiefs of staff , such as pricolo , seemed to be aware of it too - he did n't actually shy away from his duties of commander , nor did he delegate his responsibilities just because he was too busy writing music ... this is an oft-repeated assumption which has its roots in a particular , and frequently misquoted , passage of galeazzo ciano 's own diary ( the excerpt in question be found at page 492 ) . 
   30 december : during my [ ciano 's ] absence the * duce * has appointed [ ugo ] cavallero as commander-in-chief and has called soddu back . 
  he 's been unhappy for some time now because of his mood swings . 
  exceedingly-rosy days followed by dismal ones . 
  and the final blow was delivered when he learned that soddu , even in albania , dedicates a couple of hours at night writing film scores . 
   could it be the italians had the gall to snub history or other foobar ideology and chose to hoist a flag that represents their most common ingredients used in their dishes ? 
  no , no and no . 
  in short ( i 'm on mobile ! ), 
  the flag was actually created after napoleon 's 1796 invasion of northern italy , who then proceeded to establish a number of `` sister republics '' in lieu of the old states . 
  the kind of flag the representatives of these republics had chosen was perhaps unsurprisingly modelled upon the french one , with green - due to it being the colour of milan 's civil guard - taking the place of blue . 
  with the proclamation of the napoleonic kingdom of italy ( 1805-14 ) a slightly modified version of the flag was adopted but despite it having a different shape now , its three colours had become a symbol for the italian patriots and they stuck to them even after napoleon 's defeat . 
  by 1848 the flag as we know it today - defaced with the [ crest of the house of savoy ] ( http://www.portalestoria.net/images%20214/ita-fx12.gif ) , something that was only eliminated in 1946 - had been adopted by sardinia-piedmont , that is , the state which would later unite italy . 
  as an unrelated curiosity , the italian flag does n't have anything to do with food whatsoever and the ingredients you were probably thinking of ( tomato , mozzarella , basil ) are actually prevalent in the * southern * italian cuisine ; these do n't therefore represent the lots of other regional cuisines which mostly make use of other things . 
   and while we are here . . why blue for their sports ? 
  this is because the colour in question is * blu savoia * ( a particular shade of blue that had become associated with italy 's royal family because of a number of historical vicissitudes ) . 
  but this was n't always the case ; prior to 1912 the italian football team sported white kits and during fascism these were actually black . 
  kind of a slightly bull-shitty assumption actually , as medieval romans would routinely strip ancient buildings of their stone/marble/statuary and bake them in ovens so as to get mortar for their constructions . 
  impressive buildings such as the * torre delle milizie * were n't the work of magic and they certainly did n't build themselves ... 
  i gave her a good tumble !, 
  liechtenstein does n't even share a border with italy , at that . 
  thank you so much for the detailed answer !, 
  ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/legge_casati ), 
  i might be wrong , but lucian of samosata ( 2nd century ad ) was probably the very first writer to ever describe contact with ` alien ' species , interplanetary travel , as well as the roman version of space battles in his `` true history '' . 
  taxis do in fact have a flat-rate ( 48/30 $ ) from fco/cia to the city centre . 
  unfortunately not , but i 'd doubt it . 
  inutile fingere , inutile continuare questa commedia ... 
  edit : ma quanti bei downvotes , qualcuno sta forse rosicando ? 
  well , personally i have n't found this to be true irl . 
  checks are rather stringent nowadays . 
  the italians were only 18,000 men against some 40,000 ethiopians , who even ambushed them . 
  at night . 
  not a real ` battle ' if you ask me , more a slaughter like the little big horn . 
   first victory of an african country over a european one, 
  and it was n't the first either , check the 1879 battle of isandlwana ( during which the british lost to literal spearmen ) . 
  to be fair , rather than a swooping victory it was more like a long , protracted war of attrition over the mountains of epyrus ... that also took place below freezing temperature ( plus the greeks also had the invaluable help of the local populace ) . 
  and if you think the italians were a bunch of pussies , i 'd invite you to check out the siege of the amba alagi in which 7,000 of them managed to hold off some 39,000 commonwealth troops * for a whole month * in 1941 . 
  now that 's some badass shit !, 
  that ` war ' actually never took place ... and liechtenstein does n't even share a border with italy !, 
  do n't know from where you guys have been pulling that story off . 
  actually mussolini 's italy won ... and at the battle of scir\u00e8 ( 1936 ) the abyssinians lost 10,000 men , the italians 200 !, 
  you were probably thinking about the 1896 ` battle ' at adwa , in which a force of 18,000 italians was ambushed one night by 40,000 ethiopians armed with modern guns and supported by a few russian advisors . 
  and it was n't even the first defeat of a european power at the hands of africans , as the british had already gotten their very own arses handed to them by zulu spearmen during the battle of isandlwana in 1879 . 
  yep . 
  well , ok then !, 
  but as far as i could see neither italy nor one of its pre-unitary states has ever been at war with liechtenstein , let alone being invaded by it ; i suspect this is just the kind of silly stories people like telling tourists . 
  oh , and i definitely have breast cancer . 
  * hahahahahaha !, 
  i swear i had read you were going to get laid in a month or so . 
  rome is actually crossed not just by one , neither two but * three * rivers : the tiber , the aniene and the magliana . 
  the answer depends on what you mean by `` his own language '' .
