  this is one of most divisive subjects in contemporary italy !, 
  just as divisive as liberation day ... some want to celebrate it , others want to abolish it because it reminds of that time we fucked up and lost everything . 
  as for the allies , they * did * liberate italy from the nazis ( and homegrown fascists ) but then again , keep in mind that we lost a world war and paid for it . 
  said allies , among the other things , re-vitalised the mafia in southern italy ; let known war criminals walk away with a slap on the wrist ; committed a few atrocities here and there - especially the french ; devalued the lira ; and so on . 
  this question is not going to elicit a unanimous response . 
  it is a very loaded issue that has been long hi-jacked by partisan politics ... like the civil war and a whole host of other things . 
  what did malta ever do ? 
  do n't worry , no need to apologise !, 
  ( disclaimer : no nerves were hurt in the making of this answer ) . 
  my ideal breakfast consists of a cup of coffee , a croissant and a glass of orange julius at the caf\u00e9 near home . 
  when i was younger , it was milk and cornflakes ; now that i have a job , it 's often nothing at all . 
  edit : era una trappola . 
  man , * blood money * was the best !, 
  i 'd have expected kim jong nam to get stilettoed by some girl in a skimpy angel outfit though ... 
  ma infatti [ i carristi ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/tanko1.jpg/350px-tanko1.jpg ) non vi manicano mica . 
  sigh . 
  quanto a mio padre , basta che guardi la tv per incazzarsi . 
  bum . 
  edit : se n ' \u00e8 andato . 
  e chimica industriale sia !, 
  i call bullshit ... he 's too fit and clean-shaven for a neckbeard . 
  * allegato-delega del collocamento ;, 
   tourist guide, 
  you need to pass an ( admittedly , tough ) exam and obtain a licence to do that ... so , no . 
  kingdom of gondor ... ? 
  mi stavo riferendo proprio all ` invasione dell ` etiopia . 
  noi no . 
  a chi pensi venissero affidate le commesse ? 
  roman here - i actually liked athens !, 
  it really felt like home somehow . 
  ( but then again , i speak greek and knew what to look out for ) . 
  really ? 
  trastevere is as touristy as it gets ; really no different than the rest of the city centre . 
  you must 've visited quite a few years ago , the maccas you mentioned has n't been there in a looong time ... 
  renzi is a prick with a chronic back-stabbing disorder , an inflated ego coupled with a total disconnect with reality and an annoying attitude ... no wonder everybody hates him and voters were more than happy to boot him out of office ( even though that was n't the point of the referendum ) . 
  he turned the pd into a thatcherian wet dream , ruining his party the same way blair did with labour . 
  he also screwed italian workers ( and students ) by means of a bunch of half-baked ~ ~ abortions ~ ~ reforms . 
  we really do appreciate his attempts to increase illiteracy throughout the country and create a new class of helpless wage-slaves . 
  thanks berlusconi-lite !, 
  so , to answer your question ... he ai n't got a chance in hell seeing how he killed whatever was left of the left . 
  the kicker ? 
  he still has n't realised it , you can see him paradin ' around thinking he 's hot shit . 
  edit : if we get stuck with the cult-ish , amateur-ish , bumbling totalitarian baboons from m5s it will be his fault , too . 
  i would n't know , honestly . 
  none of the parties currently in parliament represent my views except for the radicals , which have been irrelevant for a long time anyway . 
  left-wing parties are too busy fighting one another or otherwise hiding their arses up some ivory tower to even notice whatever the hell it 's happening around them . 
  i wish we did n't have to deal with the m5s , it 's a cancer on politics . 
  the mere possibility of them ever coming to power along with the northern league is scary , man ... 
  right ? 
  he should be using an old laptop from 2008 with libreboot and a gnu/linux distro installed , the peasant . 
  stallman is not happy !, 
  not happy at all !, 
  i would , but sadly i 'm not attractive enough !, 
  especially by tinder standards . 
  but thanks for the suggestion . 
  daje !, 
  in pratica l'equivalente del moige per gli animalisti ? 
  ok ... story time ? 
  ( asking for a friend , i swear ) . 
  tanto per principiare :, 
  grazie virgy . 
  grazie virgy . 
  for me it has to be uplay , origin , and the like . 
  i 've already bought the game on steam , so why do i have to make * yet another * account just to be able to play it ? 
  what job prospects ? 
  not an american , sorry . 
  but i do feel your pain . 
  i actually pre-ordered * ac : unity * , season pass and all ... 80 quid well spent !, 
  torno all ` universit\u00e0 !, 
  edit : incredibile , mi ha battuto sul tempo !, 
  yep . 
  as an actual italian myself ( in this context that means `` from italy '' , not `` i think i have a great-great-grandfather from roccacannuccia who settled in new jersey '' ) i can tell you that we generally do n't appreciate it when tourist start asking questions * in fucking spanish . 
  * if you ca n't speak italian , i 'll be right happy to help you ... in english that is . 
  it is a most rude and irritating thing , not least because the two are actually pretty different languages . 
  i do n't really think anything about it ... people are entitled to their preferences so long they 're not rude about it . 
  btw you can be obese and damn fine in your own skin , i respect that . 
  but you 're * not * healthy . 
  so i had finally found the courage to approach my crush during a party . 
  this girl was beautiful ( as in `` out-of-my-league beautiful '' ) and definitely taller than me ; i asked her if she minded going outside ... she agreed ... keep in mind that she was also wearing heels so everything was infinitely more awkward as a result . 
  we talk - better , i desperately try to be smooth by stuttering sweet nothings - then i close in for the kiss but she just retracts her head . 
  i keep closing in but she 's not having any of it ; undeterred , i push closer and closer until i trip on a pebble . 
  and fall . 
  then i realise my father had come pick me up and was watching me from his car . 
  he 'd seen everything . 
  i just wanted to curl up and die on the spot !, 
  bonus story : another time , a girl invited me home to `` fix her laptop '' . 
  turns out she actually wanted me fix it ... 
  she just stood here , motionless , then went back to the party . 
  dad on the other hand asked me what i was trying to accomplish with `` that giraffe over there '' . 
  i 'm about 1.70 ; she was a good 1.75 / 1.80 with those damn heels on . 
  man , it felt like climbing a mountain !, 
  that shit is terrifying and even worse than death . 
  it 's a thought experiment and a fairly disturbing one , at that . 
  basically - if it 's true that there are multiple universes and the quantistic technobabble scientists like to spout has a meaning then there 's a slight chance that somewhere , somehow a copy of you ( which might or may not be the real you ) will defy all odds and survive every malady , every injury , every traumatic event that may happen to it . 
  want to take your life with a gun ? 
  you shoot , the bullet splits your brain in two but you survive . 
  manage to get on a wheelchair and jump from the hospital 's window ? 
  you survive the fall . 
  make the nurse poison you ? 
  your organs gets recked but a part of you just wo n't die .
