  the situation 's a tad problematic at the moment because unless you happen to know someone who grows it , you got ta buy from a bunch of shady dudes near the train station ... plus if you get caught , you can pretty much say goodbye to your driving licence . 
  not ideal this , nope . 
  wait a sec , how does he know whether the chad in question has a big dick or not ... ? 
  pretty sure chad knows her even better ... in the biblical sense that is . 
  the faq at r/relationship contains just one sentence , and it 's `` dump her !, 
  are you telling me she 's had sex with a dozen bakers ? 
  now that 's an ... oddly specific fetish . 
  have an internet hug anyhoo !, 
  your story hit right in dem feels , man . 
  molto meglio ublock origin + privacy badger + noscript ( e ovviamente https everywhere ) . 
  agreed , the film-makers should 've focused on those imho . 
  stavo leggendo certe discussioni su r/italy ... gente che va all ` universit\u00e0 , gente che va all ` estero , gente laureata in carriera che va all ` estero per i cazzi propri ... e ho capito una cosa ; che non ho mai avuto la bench\u00e9 minima briciola di ambizione . 
  tanto paga pantalone . 
  alberto tomba ), 
  the bombings of 1993 have nothing to do with this , operation safe streets launched in 2007 . 
  but yes ... armed police and a visible presence of military personnel has been the norm since , like , ever . 
  except that nobody here calls it `` the cake decoration '' . 
  it 's just the altar of fatherland . 
  nice pic nevertheless . 
  hit on a girl while waiting in line at the job centre . 
  she did n't call me back but boy , i just * had * to ask !, 
  i remember asking one of my high school classmates out on the # 791 bus ; it was kinda cringey but she accepted . 
  now there 's a girl i fancy at the swimming pool i go to ... but i only have a 10-min window to chat her up . 
  mission impossible ? 
  i would also add : talk about it with a friend or another person you trust , if you can . 
  u/qxangelxp , i just chimed in to say that i was in the same boat as yours . 
  getting to know yourself is not easy , i should know - not least because it took me a chance encounter , a good talk and 22 years of my life just to realise who i was , what i liked and what i actually wanted ; i was quite literally stuck in a closet of my very own making ( denials , denials ! ) . 
  feeling comfortable in your skin with your own desires does indeed take some time/effort but having a good friend willing to listen makes things sooo much easier . 
  secondly - while it 's absolutely okay to experiment ( the first times are going to be awkward ... but how else are you going to find out ? ), 
  you should get to know your limits , your dos and do n'ts . 
  learn where to draw that line in the sand , because there will be things you 'll be ok with and others that wo n't make you comfortable . 
  i ca n't stress this enough - it 's fine !, 
  no need whatsoever to cave in to pressure . 
  lastly , and many people will probably disagree with me , imho there 's no obligation to come out to anybody if you 're not sure of their reaction . 
  my parents do n't know because they 'd disapprove ... and my love life is n't any of their ducking business anyway . 
  be careful . 
  25 , and still as awkward as a 16-year-old i reckon . 
  i 'll tell you a little secret : practice makes perfect . 
  after the 3rd time or so you ask someone out , you wo n't even care ... it will be a breeze . 
  what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  she says no . 
  if she shoots you down , hard , and makes a fuss about it then you still win because you certainly would n't want to be with such an unpleasant person . 
  right ? 
  the hardest things are breaking your own shell ( i used to be quite the loner ) and learning how to interact with people . 
  not just women . 
  people . 
  make the right friends , hang around them , see what they do and how they do it , learn , talk , have fun . 
  pretty useful if you - like me - skipped the social skills tutorial in high school !, 
  i had to take a crash course ffs . 
  just to be even more clear , i 'm no chad . 
  i 'm the textbook definition of average . 
  and i 'm ok with it . 
  wish my parents told me that ; both only liked to point out whatever mistake i had done or got angry at me . 
  never heard a single word of encouragement from them and now , 25 years later , my self-esteem has sadly plummeted . 
  if a particular girl is flirting with me and i know she 's got a boyfriend then i refuse to play along or act on it . 
  i tend to sympathise with the guy in question and if she 's willing to do that to him ... she will do that to me , too !, 
  oh come on , this * has * to be satire . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  nope ... but thanks for the heads up !, 
  ( that link stays blue though ) . 
  a fling is still cheating - and even if i 'm no paragon of moral virtue , this is something i 'm not ok with . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i 'm currently running debian jessie , works like a charm . 
  btw if you 're * that * much privacy-minded , why not have a look at the [ tails live cd ] ( https://tails.boum.org/ ) ... it 's far more easy to use than qubes imho . 
  but keep in mind that the x200 does n't come with an optical drive so you 'd need to plug an external one in order to boot a live disk . 
  la i.a. 
  not with that flair !, 
  wait a sec , in which alternate timeline did italy ever win ww2 ? 
  not even turtledove would dare going that far . 
   you know . 
  ours . 
  you mean the one in which italy lost , signed an armistice , got occupied/sacked/bombed to kingdom come by both germans and allies , was torn apart by a civil war then got handed a punitive peace treaty ? 
  without even benefitting from a proper process of de-fascistification at hat ? 
  the one in which notorious war criminals were allowed to get out with a slap on the wrist , go on with their lives as if nothing happened and fascists to stay at their posts ? 
  if that 's a win ... 
  ok , i see where you 're coming from . 
  and i agree , mostly . 
  there 's just another couple of things i 'd like to nickpick :, 
   [ ... ] and they did strip mussolini of power about two weeks after the sicily landing . 
  this is correct , if a bit simplistic . 
  who ended up deposing mussolini was the king , victor emmanuel iii , at the oft-neglected urging of the grand council of fascism itself ( whose members were , by july 1943 , more worried about covering their own arses than anything ; indeed , they all went into hiding shortly after ) . 
   just slapped an edit on there . 
  the italian peace treaty was , excepting the reparations to the soviet union , pretty soft [ ... ], 
  i disagree here . 
  of course , compared to the kind of treaties germany had to sign it was indeed fairly forgiving ; from our pov ( i 'm italian btw ) it definitely was n't . 
  but then again , this is what happens after you lose a world war . 
   so , yes . 
  technically they ` lost ' but then they joined the allies , ending on the winning side . 
  after the botched capitulation in the september 1943 italy actually never joined the allies , and all those who were fighting along them were part of the * co-belligerent * army ( and navy , and air force ... ) . 
  officially they were never recognised as allies , something which in my opinion is hardly surprising . 
  yeah , i think we could say that the average italian lost the war and was made to pay for it , whereas the fascist cadres and the conniving apparatus that was pushing for it were allowed to walk away scot-free . 
  they won that one for sure . 
  actually , there 's a smallish ( ~ 500 people ) italian community near cattaro . 
  but that 's in montenegro , not albania . 
  it 's your home . 
  assert dominance . 
  just wait until he meets granma . 
  stallman approved ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmtnvqo0urw ),
