  in the case of the city of rome , most of its inhabitants actually spoke the roman dialect , in the form that most scholars identify as * romano di prima fase * ( the variety in use between the 12th and early 16th centuries ad circa ) . 
  now , except for a few documents that have been written by either friars or local notaries - such as the * diaries * of stefano infessura , or part of the registry of the * confraternita dell ` annunziata * - there 's no proof whatsoever that your average peasant or citizen would actually write something down in his native dialect ; the ( rather few ) examples we have are all the work of what we 'd consider `` learned '' people . 
  this is true as far as the middle ages are concerned . 
  however , things were going to improve after the mid-16th century , when poems ( giuseppe berneri 's `` meo patacca '' ) or plays ( cristoforo castelletti 's `` stravaganze d'amore '' ) written in that dialect - or at the very least in a somewhat diluted form of it , a heavily tuscanised version of roman - started being published so as to be performed in public . 
  as a last tidbit of info , keep in mind that people in the papal states/latium kept making use of the services of [ professional letter-writers ( and readers ... ) ] ( http://www.romasparita.eu/foto-roma-sparita/82764/scrivano-pubblico-campo-de-fiori ) well into the 1920s ; i would therefore argue that most middle-age romans were actually unable to read or write in either latin or their very own dialect not least because of the rather shaky situation in ( the already depressed , not to mention sparsely populated ) town during that time - having to face such pleasant things such as the absence of the pope , popular uprisings , wars , blood feuds among the nobles , etc. 
  no , it 's just that most people ( including guidebook writers ! ), 
  do n't know/care about such details . 
  the latter two rivers are both located well outside the city centre , and this is why they get ignored ... 
  pretty much . 
  hell , they do n't even cover my district despite it being located right outside the old walls ... 
   [ ... ] would these romans , for example , have been able to read through a document in their specific dialect or even in a related standard ? 
  my answer would be `` probably not '' - unless , as you suggested , they had some kind of education ( even if incomplete ) . 
  but how many actually ever got such a thing , i do n't know . 
  they nevertheless seemed to rely heavily on the services of a notary who would have written , read and interpreted documents/contracts/wills / whatnot for them . 
   one of the most successful military campaigns in history was liectenstein during the austro-prussian war . 
  they did n't kill anybody , and sent 80 men . 
  they returned with 81 : as they befriended one of the people from the opposition, 
  as a flaired user of / r/history , though , i have to correct you on this one : the `` fact '' is really little more than a myth as neither italy , nor any one of its pre-unitary states ( the two entities most ofen associated with the rumour ) have ever been at war with liechtenstein . 
  the countries in question do not even share a land border . 
  got ta say that i 'm quite surprised as well ... 
  a 2003 silver fiat punto , complete with a 1.2 fire engine that is both my joy ( it 's a great design ) and my cross ( the third piston 's letting oil into the combustion chamber for its scraper ring needs to be replaced ) . 
  as the name may suggest it does n't actually take heat very well therefore i had to take a good , hard look at the radiator 's thermostatic valve so as to let the water flow continuously , for better cooling ... other modifications include , but are not limited to , installing xenon headlamps in lieu of the original ones ( but the poorly designed lenticular headlights are making my life impossible - looking forward to replace them when i 'll have the monies !, 
  ) , a hydrogen kit that generates and actually shoots that thang straight into the intake manifold as well as shiny new 14 '' hubcaps . 
  i was also considering converting the car to natural gas ( because of all that euro 4/5/6 bs ) but apart from these kits being horrendously expensive , i 'm afraid that the other kind of fuel might actually shorten the engine 's useful life as it seems to provide far less lubrication than regular petrol does . 
  moreover , its performance may drop to the point of being simply unacceptable ( less acceleration and lower fuel distance ) so that 's it for now . 
  the car could use a new coat of paint , but , who cares about it when the magic 's taking place right under the bonnet ? 
   that 's a straight 4 , right ? 
  how hard is it to work on ? 
  if i understood your other question correctly then the answer is : not much - also because of the facts that despite it being from 2003 the car relies on far less electronic bs than most of its contemporaries , the engine itself can be accessed easily enough and so can the radiator . 
  not being experts we did everything under a friend 's supervision ... 
  all of the above is n't of course true for the headlights ' covers , which are actually located in a most inconvenient location for our pleasure . 
  after having installed the new lights i had to poke two bigger holes through the plastic in order to accommodate the new cables but i apparently went too far , with the result that one of the end covers does n't fit well and may actually leak water inside ; the headlamps ' junction boxes had to be fixed on the frame , near the dampers ( for lack of space - could n't leave 'em dangling like that ! ), 
  and drilling a hole through it is no easy task . 
  this said , i would n't try a fraction of the things i did on brand-new ( or even newish ) models such as the aygo !, 
  they require just the kind of special care that can cost you dearly if your insurance does n't have that covered . 
   hehe , my t relies on the high-tech thermo-syphon system . 
  no moving parts !, 
  wait a sec - `` t '' as in * that * model t ? 
  stanlio and ollio 's alleged car ? 
  per farla breve , la concorrenza sleale c ` era ... * eccome * se c ` era !, 
  punto . 
  my favourite places in italy are , in no particular order :, 
  * rome ,, 
  * rome ,, 
  * rome , and, 
  * rome . 
  the very fact that i 'm roman does n't have obviously anything to do with it . 
  nooo sir ... * nothing at all indeed !, 
  i approve this list of typical food items . 
  uber as a company has n't been banned - only uberpop has , because the service was exactly like that of a taxi despite it being called in a different way . 
  by law only regular taxis can offer that kind of service , and uberpop drivers did not even possess the necessary requisites ( such as a certificate from the local dmv , medical/psychological/criminal checks , whatnot ) mandated by national regulations . 
  other uber services are perfectly legal as they comply with the regulations . 
  i 'd say `` close to none '' , at least for what concerns the italian * regia marina * . 
  adm. angelo iachino , in his slightly-apologetic ( yet interesting ) book * il tramonto di una grande marina * , details just how much commanders were dependent on supermarina - the [ italian ] royal navy 's war-time central command - for almost everything . 
  unlike their british counterparts , who could enjoy a relatively large degree of operative autonomy , an italian commander was bound to follow supermarina 's extremely punctilious orders almost to the letter ; even requests for help had to be evaluated and then approved by the command . 
  on top of it all the regime had forbidden the navy to fly its own aircrafts , therefore , any request for ( say ) air cover would have needed to be sent to the command first , which would 've then relayed it to the air force which , in turn , was often unable to assist or even deliver help . 
   [ ... ] if a captain was told to patrol a certain area would the ship be allowed to pursue a target for a long distance, 
  absolutely not . 
  that captain just had to stick to the orders he 'd received and any change in plans had to be radioed to the hq ; undertaking a different course of action would have probably needed supermarina 's approval . 
   what was the reasoning of the italian government for those restrictions ? 
  were they mistrustful of admirals , or worried about the navy rebelling ? 
  sort of , but one has to know the power dynamics of fascist italy to understand why things ( did n't ) work like that . 
  on one hand , you 've got mussolini - the * duce * of italy , albeit technically still a pm - and his closest associates , the * gerarchi * , whose great council had duties not unlike those of the politburo ; on the other you 've got a king who , while not powerless , has seen the balance of power shift in favour of the prime minister he appointed twenty years prior ... 
  ... and who 's growing more and more war-like , not to mention increasingly insufferent of the monarchy itself . 
  mussolini , however , does n't have complete control over the country like his german and soviet counterparts ; at least not yet . 
  his power , while relatively vast , is not unchecked and he still has to work in some sort of constitutional frame . 
  by the late '30s , his area of influence and that of the king were pretty much balanced - with the result that victor emmanuel iii was beginning to resent both the * duce * and his inconsiderate policies , to the point of resorting to secretly back a failed palace coup in march 1940 which should have gotten rid of him for good . 
  but neither party had an edge , and the status quo had to be retained so as to avoid a potential civil war that would have benefitted nobody . 
  one should also keep in mind the facts that the king was still the commander-in-chief of the italian armed forces , and that both the royal army and navy were more loyal to him than they were to the * duce * ; whereas mussolini could only count on the paramilitary branch of his party - the mvsn . 
  but , having recognised the unfavourable state of affairs , mussolini sought to weaken the king 's grip on these institutions : and he managed in doing so , first by appointing his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 - italo balbo - as minister of the air force , then by enacting a controversial set of reforms ( around 1931-7 ) that greatly damaged the navy , which would see almost all of its air-related assets confiscated and put under the control of mussolini 's far more malleable ... or , if you prefer , likeable minister of the air . 
  and actually yes - the navy just was n't sympathetic enough towards the fascist regime and the party itself held a very limited influence within its ranks ; most of its officers either had an upper-class background or were staunch royalists therefore mussolini was understandably wary of them , not least because an unidentified admiral was the person who should have been in charge of the attempted coup of march 1940 . 
  everything checks out . 
  this - as well as the fascist regime 's byzantine bureaucracy - would prove fatal once italy had entered the war . 
  the * regia marina * was n't of course limited to the mediterranean , even though it represented its main theatre . 
  there were actually two minor theatres , the atlantic and the red sea ; the latter did n't see much action simply because the home port at massaua ( eritrea ) fell to the british in 1941 and the few ships/submarines there were thus relocated in the far east ( at kobe , penang , tientsin ) . 
  but even there , they kept operating under supermarina 's ever-watchful eye until they were requisitioned by the japanese following the armistice of 1943 . 
  as far as the atlantic theatre is concerned , supermarina had for once proven relatively far-sighted as it had put the italian submarines at bordeaux under a separate command called betasom - which incidently was also the name of the base they were operating from - and these actually enjoyed a relative ( decent ? ), 
  degree of autonomy . 
  edit : somebody 's already beaten me to it , lol . 
  as far as italy is concerned :, 
  * paolo caccia dominioni 's * alamein 1933-1962 : an italian story * recounts quite well na from an italian perspective . 
  * mario rigoni stern 's * the sergeant in the snow * deals with the russian campaign ... a well-written , moving book !, 
  * j.j. sadkovic 's * the italian navy in ww2 * is a must-read , if you ca n't access the italian sources . 
  there are actually many more i 'd recommend , but most have n't been translated into english . 
  and it bugs me to no end how there seems to be not a single book covering the east african campaign - such neglect is only criminal . 
  allison . 
  i think it 's got that exotic american allure to it ( checks out , i 'm european !, 
  there 's a first time for everything ... 
  sort of . 
  i know , but it is something i associate with hot american girls somehow ... 
  strikes, 
  i 'm italian so , no , i am definitely not part of the anglosphere ... 
   not all of europe is one spot . 
  thank you for pointing that out - despite your username . 
  i can answer for italy , though . 
  * sua altezza reale * ( s.a.r. , `` your highness '' ) and * sua maest\u00e0 * ( s.m. , or `` your majesty '' ) can not be used interchangeably as they were/are employed when addressing different people - the first title was/is used to refer to any member of the royal family , while the latter was reserved to the ruling monarch . 
  wonderful !, 
  time for a celebration ... * cheese for everyone !, 
  er , i literally learned english on the internets ... so that would n't surprise me !, 
  i stand corrected ( a proposito , com ' \u00e8 che si dice in italiano ? ) .
