  military service is an education , you 're there to learn . 
  since you 're an adult and the education involves physical fitness , it 's going to be tougher . 
   you are arguing tradition and tradition does not give legitimacy no , * you 're * saying that . 
  i said democratically elected leaders and their political decisions give legitimacy de jure . 
   my argument is and always was about the legitimacy of conscription . 
  except * you have no argument * . 
  you keep repeating that `` there is no legitimacy '' when there obviously is . 
  no supernatural power , no dictator , no great conspiracy is upholding this system . 
  ** the people are , because they want it that way ** . 
  the day the austrian people put politicians in power who want to remove the system , that 's the day the system loses its legitimacy . 
   but that 's not what you do , you are merely unquestioningly accepting that those old structures are indeed serving the greater good , when there is no reason to assume that they are . 
  wrong . 
  wrong . 
  wrong again . 
  you think i blindly accept anything because you ca n't comprehend why anyone would want national service . 
  have you completely lost sight of what the purpose of the national service is ? 
  maybe you never knew in the first place . 
  it 's not there to torture you . 
  the national service is there to protect the sovereignty of the country and total warfare is a deterrent . 
  an obstacle too expensive for any foreign nation to tackle . 
  lucky for your ilk they also added civil service for those physically or mentally weak . 
   i certainly do n't owe society 8 months of my life in which i 'm a slave . 
  you should n't have to go to school either ? 
  they 're forcing you to learn math and play soccer , those slavemasters . 
     of course it does n't help that this system promotes and rewards unquestionung obedience to authority , as such structures always attract those people who should never have such kind of authority . 
    getting masses of people to push towards the same objective under pressure demands an authoritative structure . 
  leaders need to be assertive . 
   has only peripheral value to our discussion , at best . 
  except it has everything to do with what i replied to . 
  you say there is something wrong with military hierarchy when there is n't . 
  it 's built to match its purpose . 
   an authoritarian system that has no legitimate basis for it 's authority based on what exactly ? 
  where does the lack of legitimate basis come in ? 
  the people who built yours and my societies implemented these systems . 
  the citizens who have since voted for leaders have kept these systems . 
  you seem to think your opinion is somehow worth more than theirs . 
   probably none but depending on what those 99 % demand , it could very well mean the end of that democracy . 
  well , luckily there is an option just for that 1 % in this case . 
  civil service . 
   you obvviously have submissive tendencies and like to submit to authority no matter it 's legitimacy , so i probably wo n't convince you , since i 'm not an accepted authority figure of yours . 
  collectivism = / = submissiveness . 
  seeing the greater good , holding personal responsibility , duty , and pride high instead of staring blindly at my personal gain is closer to the truth . 
  i would n't normally be socializing with some self-appointed world-savior anarchist such as yourself , but thanks for the back-and-forth . 
   which is fine if you choose to be a soldier , otherwise it 's slavery . 
  if you think you owe nothing to society , then perhaps . 
  actually , no , not even then . 
  comparing national service ( where you have a * choice * : military and civil ) to slavery is like spitting in the face of those millions who are actual slaves around the world . 
  it makes you sound like a privileged ill-behaved child with no perception of reality . 
  it does n't lend you a lot of credibility . 
   of course it does n't help that this system promotes and rewards unquestionung obedience to authority , as such structures always attract those people who should never have such kind of authority . 
  getting masses of people to push towards the same objective under pressure demands an authoritative structure . 
  leaders need to be assertive . 
  maybe the people in your country are dicks then , if all your leaders were shit . 
  i certainly ca n't say the same about my own experience of the people above me . 
  or maybe you just focus on * how * something is done and do n't see * why * which makes everything seem directed at you . 
   it does n't matter how many people favor an unjust , undemocratic system , it would n't be just if 99.99999 % favored it . 
  ah , the old `` do n't give the people what they want '' tactic , eh ? 
  guess you 'll never hold a position of power . 
  what democracy ignores the will of 99 % ? 
   yes everyone goes , but not everyone stays and it 's those that stay who have the higher ranks and become your superiors . 
  relevant how ? 
  it 's still people from all parts of society . 
  the step for staying another few months is not especially high . 
  your assumption that they just love to boss people around is wrong . 
   they might not be sadists but they still accept the premise that mandatory conscription is not something fundamentaly unjust , such people rarely go against authority to rectify or reform the excesses of said authority . 
  they 're not supposed to go against authority . 
  they 're soldiers . 
  they take and give orders . 
  politicians in co-operation with the defense forces make decisions on what 's right or wrong , or what needs to be reformed . 
   even mandatory armies rely on the same structures of authority as voluntary ones , meaning more often than not you will end up with people in power who should n't be . 
  who * should * be in power , according to you ? 
  and do you assume they all just enjoy bossing you around ? 
  sounds like you have big problems with someone else telling you what to do . 
  there 's nothing inherently good or bad with accepting authority . 
  in fact , most of your life is based on accepting authority - otherwise you 're cast out and unwanted . 
  as mentioned earlier in the thread 80 % of finns approve of the current system . 
  too bad you do n't like yours . 
   while military service by design attracts sadists and authoritarian personalities . 
  exactly the opposite . 
  professional ( read : voluntary ) armies attract sadists , the poor , and the stupid . 
  mandatory military service means everyone goes ; you get the good with the bad . 
  those who are good at the military profession but who would otherwise not go into the military have an opportunity to shine . 
  there 's civil service for those who would rather stay indoors . 
  80 percent of finns support mandatory military service ( 2013 ) : * http://yle.fi/uutiset/finns_still_in_favour_of_mandatory_military_service/6864762 and the support for it * increased * by 8 percent from the previous year , not the other way around . 
  finnish conscription no longer uses the `` break 'em down and build 'em up '' method . 
  instead the military education here has taken a form more similar to the one in school , focusing on the military education itself ( having purpose built courses or educational packages ( e.g. 
  [ at ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51d3s9fevyy ) or [ armor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuxaj5ogrq4 ) ) except with much stronger discipline , punishments for failure and so on compared to a school , of course . 
  the military is not an obstacle . 
  it 's an opportunity . 
  yes , it 's something you have to do - just like school - and it 's physically and mentally demanding , but it is still a unique opportunity to receive a completely different education . 
  besides learning to kill and tactics , you learn survival , first aid , basic manners ( e.g. 
  hat off indoors , opening doors for `` elders '' , or taking your glove off when shaking hands ) , a wide variety of physical exercises , fighting techniques , weapons and explosives safety training , and other specialized training . 
  mps for example receive basic police training in addition to their military training . 
  almost all police officers in the country have served as mps first before applying to the police academy . 
  those who get training as pilots find jobs more easily . 
  it 's common for finnair pilots to be former fighter pilots , for example . 
  you can also get e-drivers license , various sized ship licenses , medical training , explosives papers and so on . 
  you experience some of the best moments and some of the worst moments of your life . 
  i know for example that i never want to be exposed to tear gas again , especially not russian wartime-strength tear gas . 
  you push your body and mind to its limits and when you prevail you feel that intense sense of pride and accomplishment : marching until your feet are blistered and bloody , trying to get out of a hole in the ice with skis on , aforementioned tear gas and pepper spray , various gas mask exercises , carrying your friend who weighs double your own weight , getting captured and interrogated , and various other scenarios .
