  getting some of the most modern mbts in the world ( that are still in good shape having been mothballed ) for half the price of new tanks is still pretty good in my book . 
  whether there 's a better way to reorganize our military without tanks is n't really relevant since it would take a decade or more for something like that to take effect . 
  mbts fit the renewed taistelutapa where these tanks fill a purpose . 
  i was referring to this :  people here seem to say that this type of weaponry is a bit outdated . . 
  i guess i hope our army knows what it 's doing buying these . 
  i 'm just saying you should perhaps not base your opinion of the deal on some comment saying that mbts have no role in modern warfare , and instead have * some * trust in our defence forces who do this for a living , have an established strategy based on our unique geographical , political , economical , demographical , ... , situation , and much more knowledge and behind-the-scenes intelligence on our neighbor to the east . 
  tanks are a part of taistelutapa 2016 and a total warfare doctrine . 
  sweden and norway use the same tank , plus finland used the older 2a4 for 12 years before this . 
  / edit : and denmark . 
  well , it depends on if you want to base your opinion on comments from random people with no proven knowledge , or on paid professionals who work with this every day in co-operation with other nation 's militaries . 
  finland is also 8 1/2 times larger , with a 1300 km long land border with a historically aggressive non-eu/nato nation . 
  well , if what you 're saying is true , then parliament is filled with militarists . 
  those militarists were elected by the people , meaning the people are militarists . 
  guerrilla warfare and a resisting population makes wars last longer than weeks . 
  especially if as well trained and equipped as the fdf . 
  a total warfare doctrine is in itself the deterrent . 
  attacking a nation built for war is economic suicide . 
  one of the two finnish presidential candidates in the final round was openly gay . 
  i think that speaks for itself when it comes to the finnish national attitude towards homosexuality . 
  the `` swedish vs. finnish '' is posted by children and should be regarded as such . 
  look at the politics and co-operation between countries instead of shit-flinging done by adolescents online . 
  ah , that special time of year when getting home from the bar might kill you . 
   depressing finland  denmark , norway , sweden and finland all among the world 's ten happiest countries . 
  bundle of sticks . 
  indeed we drink less in total . 
  the problem is the time period in which we consume alcohol . 
  in the nordics binge-drinking is the norm . 
  getting trashed every weekend is standard procedure and therein lies the problem . 
  moderate consumption ( read : small to average doses over a long period of time ) is considered beneficial for your personal health . 
  binge-drinking is not . 
  she 's part of the christian democratic party . 
  religious people and old people vote for them . 
  they got into the 6 party coalition to avoid having the hillbilly `` true finns '' party in power . 
  if you 're indoctrinated by your parents from birth and throughout your life , then it 's tough for education ( even great education ) to undo the damage . 
  since the 3.5 % limit is only in sweden , their alcohol monopoly is called systembolaget , not alko as in finland . 
  fixed . 
  i remember the first time i saw one of her public statements . 
  she suggested that finland should change the current system where beers sold in grocery stores can have a maximum alcohol percentage of 4.7 % alv and instead switch to the swedish system where beers only have a maximum of ~ ~ 2.8 % ~ ~ 3.5 % alv . 
  needless to say , i 've never taken anything she says seriously ever again . 
  might be . 
  i remember doodling on gustav vasa 's portrait , that 's all . 
  the parts i feel like we spent a lot of time on was the different classes in pre-independent finland , and the russification periods and how finns reacted to the czar 's threats to remove finnish autonomy and such by assassinating the much hated russian governor-general bobrikov . 
  i 'm interested in history too , however i 've always found it boring to read about swedish kings dying from eating too much dessert . 
  i had the same reaction . 
  i guess it stems from the fact that we learn very little about the swedish era in comprehensive school . 
  i remember learning something about gustav vasa and some stuff like that in elementary school but never really thought it was interesting anyway . 
  in 7th to 9th grade we learned something about gustav ii adolf i think and mostly from the russian era forward to modern day . 
  in upper secondary school they taught everything from the earliest settlements ( and new archaeological findings suggesting finns might have been here since * before * the last ice age meaning 125 000 years ) to modern day history , and more in depth than earlier . 
  we attacked them when we forced them out . 
  why would it ? 
  the geography does n't change . 
  russia is still there . 
  germany on the other hand has n't been attacking these lands since pre-historic times . 
  i 'm sure there were a bunch of reasons , i just ca n't be arsed to look them up . 
  to escape the russian iron claws was one . 
  it does n't guarantee anything . 
  however , it helps finland retain stronger connections to the western sphere , as opposed to how it was during the cold war , for example with semi-forced soviet-finnish trade agreements . 
  that 's where the term `` finlandization '' came from . 
  the art of bowing to the west without mooning the east . 
  finland took advantage of russia 's weakness in the early post-soviet era , and quickly applied for eu membership together with sweden . 
  this way the government showed where they want to stand : with the west . 
  the current defence doctrine is based on a total war without military alliances . 
  the idea is to inflict so much damage ( on manpower , equipment , logistics , etc. ), 
  that an attack or an occupation of finnish territory would be economically unwise . 
  it is accomplished by general conscription , massive fuel , food and weapons caches , obligatory bomb/fallout shelters in all residential and public buildings , bridges/tunnels built for scorched earth tactics , all larger factories with wartime objectives , the list goes on . 
  peace is not eternal . 
  finns know this . 
  also the biggest threat to its existence . 
  to distance itself from russia . 
  more max payne 1 & 2 !, 
  yeah , that roman conquest in finland , such a burn . 
  bunch of legionnaires all over . 
  yes , christianity is working me up so hard right now . 
  a whole 1/3 of the nation believes in god !, 
  even worse , we celebrate jesus , midsummer and easter on pagan dates !, 
  the horror !, 
  oh yeah , and you ca n't be `` freed '' by conquest . 
  we were free before , just like we are free now . 
  enjoy the rest of middle school brah . 
  old people here often get a sweet tooth in my opinion . 
  easy to pack on pounds if you skip meals and eat coffee bread and candy instead . 
  also , alcohol . 
  polandfriends are always welcome . 
  also boats and hunting . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  do they state that they oppose american influence for example ? 
  the japanese animators really dropped the ball on the lady of the cold . 
  she just looked stupid and not beautiful or scary at all . 
  the moomin book about the comet in moominland ( kometen kommer 1968 ) is supposedly actually a story about the terror of nuclear war , which was a very real concern at that time . 
  i heard this in my head every time i went up on the attic : https://youtu.be/ej9nfwbsvla?t=642 https://youtu.be/4zplrxgnmau?t=240 that whole damn island was so freaky . 
  i would venture to guess you can get something that looks like [ an old swim suit ] ( http://images.esellerpro.com/2466/i/364/58/3247%20bathsuit.jpg ) . 
  the joints can be hard to skin due to the way the skin is attached , at least without using more than a bayonet . 
  i take it you 've never hunted ? 
  they do n't neatly skin it for the skin itself . 
  you just remove the skin to reveal the flesh . 
  also , the skin in the picture is not neatly skinned . 
  it 's quite sloppy actually . 
  russian troops . 
  actually , the surrounded russian troops sometimes engaged in [ cannibalism ] ( http://sa-kuva.fi/static/19/95/21995_r500.jpg ) instead of surrendering . 
   finnish soldiers displaying the skins of soviet soldiers near maaselk\u00e4 , on the strand of lake seesj\u00e4rvi during continuation war on the 15th of december in 1942 .
