no , like palypso i am grateful for the long reply , that 's why i asked the question . 
  i live in spain , and at the risk of offensively generalising among mediterranean countries , the agonising bureaucracy here is definitely one of the most frustrating things . 
  i 'd be interested to know what the negatives are to living in the uk ? 
  obviously the weather ( i wo n't accept food anymore i think it 's an outdated and unfair stereotype ) . 
  the lifestyle is fairly different . 
  do you miss that a lot ? 
  plus a maximum wage right ? 
  it helps that r/podemos is a spanish subreddit . 
  that helps fend off most of the trolls since the majority ca n't speak the language . 
  blair was charismatic . 
  look how that turned out . 
  i think the vast majority of people have no faith in milliband because people like you perpetuate the idea that the vast majority of people have no faith in milliband . 
  10 % of the country ? 
  10 % of the electorate ? 
  i do n't know where you 're getting these figures from but they seem a little askew to me ... 
  i am under 25 and do n't know anyone my age who votes ukip or even sympathises with them . 
  most of us think they 're racist scum . 
  a small point :  will they stay in the long run ? 
  podemos just polled as the highest in spain . 
  there is a general election next year . 
  at this point , i do n't think it 's inconceivable that they could win , especially considering the next year may well be pretty pivotal in spain and the partido popular ( ruling party ) and to a lesser extent psoe could be in for a serious drop . 
  i 'm asking a question i think i already know the answer to , but what is it that is depressing you about home ? 
  i 'm assuming job market and the state of politics ? 
  young men drink larger what ? 
  well , they 're impossibly racist and intolerant . 
  i 'd have thought that was quite clear . 
  and current opinion polls indicate that the vote would result in a call for independence . 
   i do n't have spanish descendence ( maybe except one great grandparent ) , but that does n't matter , many ( if not all ) of my friends do and i do n't care about it . 
  he literally said that his friends do have spanish descendance so that makes it a non-issue . 
  you misread this one . 
  apart from the majority of catalonia . 
  i think there is definitely more of a cultural trend to stay with the family until you get married in mediterranean countries like spain , italy and portugal which still tend to be predominantly catholic . 
  so him and some other dude have expressed that there would be some beuracracy involved and a reapplication process ( potentially quite long and complicated ) . 
  others have said differently . 
  there 's no precedence so no-one really seems to know . 
  do n't know what to think . 
  i definitely support the vote though , it 's clear that 's what the people want . 
  if it ends up biting them on the arse , so be it . 
  did n't some high up figure in the eu say catalonia would have to leave the eu and reapply ? 
  what about the eu ? 
  does anyone actually know how long that reapplication process will take ? 
  ah , in that case i offer my apologies . 
  your phrasing confused me . 
  meh , bit of a cheap shot . 
  the `` english class system '' is a saying , a bit of a catchword . 
  the `` british class system '' is not . 
  you also said above that the uk and france were among the most hostile to non-whites in europe . 
  i 've lived in europe all my life , including the uk , spain and greece . 
  i do n't care how qualified you are , you obviously did n't pay much attention because you 're taking absolute shite . 
  you really are not qualified to talk about racism in europe i 'm afraid . 
  firstly , no-one says wogs in england anymore . 
  maybe 50 years ago . 
  secondly , southern european countries have lower numbers of african and asian immigrants and are consequently much less tolerant towards them , generally . 
  i 'd say france and the uk are probably the two least hostile places in europe for non-whites . 
  the english class structure is notorious . 
  it 's built into our dna in a way that does n't happen in other countries . 
  so it 's not that common to have sov sentences even as a subordinate clause ? 
  german sentence structure does differ quite a bit from english right ? 
  so where does that come from ? 
  dammit . 
  well i tried my hand at learning some german from a german girl a while back , and the sentence structure messed my head up . 
  then i had a look on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subject%e2%80%93verb%e2%80%93object ) ;  in german , dutch , and kashmiri svo in main clauses coexists with sov in subordinate clauses , as given in example 1 below ; and a change in syntax -- for instance , by bringing an adpositional phrase to the front of the sentence for emphasis -- may also dictate the use of vso , as in example 2 . 
  ( see v2 word order . ), 
  in kashmiri the word order in embedded clauses is conditioned by the category of the subordinating conjunction , as in example 3 . 
   example 1 : `` er wei\u00df , dass ich jeden sonntag das auto wasche '' ( german : `` he knows i wash the car every sunday '' , lit . 
  `` he knows , that i every sunday the car wash '' ) . 
  the simple sentence `` ich wasche das auto jeden sonntag '' , `` i wash the car every sunday '' . 
  i 'm not gon na go telling a german he 's wrong about this though . 
  what about the title suggested it was anything other than one poll ? 
  you seem awfully touchy . 
  surely there 's a joke in there somewhere . 
  have to agree with you , i think the fact that they are both germanic does n't seem that relevant . 
  having learned spanish , latin languages seem to me to be much closer to ours because of the sentence structure ; both english and most latin languages are svo - subject , verb , object languages , while german often uses sov clauses . 
  i think the scandinavian countries and the netherlands are really really good at english , considering it 's their second language , and the germans are just very good at it ( from my experience ) , which is still pretty impressive . 
  english people are n't the only ones who use text speak you know . 
  love you, 
  i say it mate get over it . 
  you 're talking out of your arse . 
  how is that cheap it works out the same way ... your guide is wack . 
  i 'm english mate i just have a spanish flair coz i live there . 
  born and bred in london . 
  done rounds less than 5 times in my life . 
  love that pub . 
  listed loos and all . 
  also never done rounds , and i 've lived in london most of my life . 
  rounds are pretty out of fashion now , at least in london . 
  do n't know how common they are in the rest of the country . 
  yeah well the bible condoned slavery so are you going to hold christians to the same standard ? 
  haha really ? 
  implying that the english press are singing varoufakis ' praises ? 
  was n't it only a couple of months ago that everyone on here was attacking a newsnight ( british current affairs programme ) presenter for giving him a hard time ? 
  speaking as if there are only two kinds of politicians , and none of these character traits are transferable between the two personality types . 
  personally i think a combination of the two is what gets results , even if you ca n't get it in a person , then in a government . 
  populism gets the people on side , while stability ( bear in mind the two are n't mutually exclusive ) gets the hard work done . 
  well it means that in english aswell . 
   as we debated in the other thread , my phrasing was neutral . 
  it was just your reaction to the word `` economics '' that coloured it negatively . 
  from your earlier comment :  what the heck are you talking about ? 
  economics is a field that apart other things studies how companies work . . blah blah blah i think you 're not willing to look into the possibility that your tone comes across as arrogant . 
   but the field of economics is so vast and encompasses such a big part of the functioning of our society , that he very likely did have knowledge about the topic you were arguing , you just did n't believe he could have .
