  outstanding - last to * anschluss * has to pick up the tab ... 
  how will you guys move out of that deadlock then , in your opinion ? 
  will the public realize that ideological brinkmanship will serve nobody in the long run , or do you suppose poland is headed for a us-like legal/political impasse for the forseeable future ? 
  that day will live in infamy , that 's for sure . 
  also , since we 're well past 1890 at this point , it 's bound to turn into a great war , and those can ruin your whole half-century - or so i 've heard ... 
  a warning ahead : my field is really international relations with a heavy focus on international security , so for comparative ( inter ) national law , i 've got to go back to my intro course knowledge from way back when , but the general , basic principle is as follows : the exact proceedings ( which court exactly has jurisdiction in this case , if a head of state - usually a president - or certain houses of parliament would be included in the process and so on ) differ from country to country , depending on what kind of a legal system they have and if they follow the common law ( britain , the us , israel , several others mostly with historical connections to britian ) or the civil law ( `` roman law '' and its descendants - most of europe , south america and africa ) model , which actually impacts whether they have a seperate constitutional court proper , or a supreme court that also has final jurisdiction over constitutional matters . 
  in any case though - the cognizant court ( either on its own or with the backing/support of parliament ) would have to find the government in breach of the constitution by overstepping their constitutionally appointed sphere of ambit , in which case the government would be warned that it is attempting to commit an illegal act . 
  should the government not relent , the court would find the government in breach of the constitution and declare it illegal . 
  it would then be the task of the head of state ( through either an appeal to - , or outright order by the court ) to dissolve the government/parliament and call new elections . 
  depending on the jurisdiction of the court , it may go as far as banning members of the `` former '' government or even the former ruling party/parties in total from running in that election . 
  germany controls the muslims , who persecute the jews , who control the us government , which rules from the house that jack built . 
  they should be quite the sideshow attraction : mostly fighting themselves and with all the goose-stepping , the well-poisoning , the prayer breaks and whatnot . 
  i 'd advertise that internationally if i were you , put up stalls with pivo and pirogi , really make something out of it !, 
  perfect guy to head any department of defense , clearly . 
  somehow i 'm not surprised ... 
  only if you have a core on several of their provinces i 'm afraid , so no , you ca n't annex our mutual `` special '' friend britian ( much as we might want you to ) . 
  you could sing me a song called the watch on the rhine , tough ... , 
  sorry , mate , might take a while yet : i just discovered that we 're all out of black paint , so i 've sent my radioman to hoof it over to lidl to buy some out of his own pocket . 
  then there 's also the fact that sch\u00fctze arsch , whom i 've sent to fetch the `` main gun '' , has n't returned with the damn broomstick yet , so that does n't bode well either ... 
  so we 'd all be leaving on a jet-train so to speak ? 
  sounds great !, 
  we need to make room for all our new arrivals after all . 
  so , does macierewicz think jet fuel can melt ~ ~ steel beams ~ ~ birch trees ? 
  cheers for the background info , friend . 
  i hope general sentiment stays that way as well - poland was the perfect european partner corrective for the damn russophiles in germany , because no way would the general german public ( apart from the very vocal russian-germans ) ever support closer ties with russia if it damages closer ties to poland , our actual neighbor . 
  the vast majority of poles i have met in my life to this point are patriots in the sense that they love their country , but also love the idea of their contry being a `` true '' democracy , firmly integrated in a pluralistic europe . 
  the end product of what pis seems to be going for , at least to this outsider 's view , is too jingoistic , isolationist , chauvinist , totalitarian and paranoid for their liking . 
  and for what it 's worth - from what i heard from the couple of poles i talked to over the course of the last few years on this specific topic : this change , the `` rollback '' to pis had been coming for a lot longer than the migrant situation angela the first of her name , khaleesi of the great muslim spampede pretty much single-handedly kicked off in early summer 2015 - at least in its present form . 
  there were many people who were , for multiple reasons ( too much progress too fast in terms of social/eu integration policies , too germany-friendly , too little of poland 's new wealth got through to `` the little people '' , too much nepotism ) fed up with the previous polish leadership and wanted to change back to something more conservative . 
  so many people voted in favor of some conservative change , but were surprised by the `` rollback-on-steriods '' they seem to be currently getting . 
  that 's what i 'm getting from the polish expats/relatives/colleagues i talked to anyway . 
  well , f * ck me . 
  that information seems to have passed me by entirely . 
  it probably totally did n't make the news here to not incite anti-russian violence among the leftover ` native ' polulation . 
  also - on a scale of ' 1 ' to ' i like to wear my underwear as a hat ' , how pathologic is it that my first thought upon reading this was `` thank god it was n't 400 ` native ' germans ! '', 
  eh , that 's nothing . 
  just take east germany , the same thing happened there and look how that turned - f * ck . 
  okay , point . 
  on the other hand though , i 'm sure we could arm all the young , ambitious , intelligent poles who come to germany with all the gear the bundeswehr is n't using/the german left is working so hard for us to not export anymore ; in order for them to take their country back in a glorious insurrection , flags waving , singing the first verse of their wonderfully fitting national anthem . 
  nobody is forcing them to just sit around ku ` damm and sip latt\u00e9s . 
  as a political scientist , i can tell you we 've got a term for this : it 's called a goat rodeo, 
  you plan sounds near perfect , but there is a certain caveat : since the modern bundeswehr consists of a grand total about * two rubber dinghies ( currently busy shutteling hajis from hajiland into the eu in the aegean ) ; * three fokker dr i. recce planes ( currently stationed in turkey and unable to fly at night since they are not cleared to operate night optics ) * and a dozen panzergrenadiers , armed with single-fire g36s ( the barrel tends to cause trouble ) with a single apc between them ( which is bound for central africa to support the french in their ~ ~ colonial endeavors ~ ~ anti islamist peacekeeping operations as soon as we can manage to get our hands on a working cargo plane ; also , the apc 's main armament consists of broomsticks painted black ) sitting around a tarmac in west germany waiting for the dutch airforce to give them a lift we really would n't even be able to send a token force toward our shared border for you to capitulate to . 
  so in the time it takes grom to wander around germany to find someone to actually capitulate * to * , your favorite friends from the other side will already have made substancial inroads into your country . 
  and even if you manage to stop them , they 'll just tell you that germany ( s new muslim overlords ) are oppressing the russian-german minority , so putin 's stormtroopers really have no choice but to just quickly move through ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ prussia , pomerania and silesia in order to get at them in the bundesrepublik . 
  so be prepared and watch your * eastern * border !, 
  i 'll do you one better : pay kadyrow to blow up putin so high that he 'll orbit earth for all eternity . 
  polan can not only into space , polan * deliberately chose not to * and rid the world of a bloody tyrant instead . 
  polan is n't stronk , polan is * superstronk * !, 
  holy shit , mate - if that shift in attitude should ever actually happen on a national scale in poland , we might as well close up shop regarding the `` european project '' right away and get it over with . 
  i was thinking along the lines of : try to turn him against putin and get the chechnya thing going again to weaken russia, 
  well , that certainly does sound fishy . 
  the important thing will be that the president for management wo n't start pushing the breeding specilists to sell more horses in quantity , better horses in quality or start breeding for quantity over quality . 
  did you mean : always root for the axis ? 
  looks like we are the jews * du jour * !, 
  does oswiecim still have a train station by any chance ? 
  edit : you also forgot all the muslims everywhere , which is why we 're calling them * heim ins reich * at the moment . 
  you could allegedly support someone else though - ramsan kadyrow ? 
  i suggest you also kill one of our diplomats and/or a beloved figure of german public life/discourse ( sorry guys , erika steinbach does n't qualify ) . 
  might i suggest jakob augstein ? 
  thanks for the background info , mate !, 
  here 's the thing though : horsebreeding at that level ( my expertise is really more on the warmblood side , but i can say with absolute confidence that there are at best half a dozen other places in the world that can compete with you when it comes to breeding arabians on that level ) is a pretty unique blend of freakishly exact science , rooted in an insurmountable amount of knowledge regarding pedigrees/bloodlines ; and art form , matching the best individual horses in regards to both , physical conformations as well as temper , in order to breed the `` faults '' of the ancestor individuals out of of the line and capitalize on their strengths . 
  some of those traits do n't show up for a generation or two but will , when combined with the proper match , `` breed true '' one , two or three horses further down the line . 
  so it is at times absolutely necessary to keep certain horses that would fetch a good price , or even those who someone would pay more for than what thy are individually actually worth , just to keep that particular combination of traits/genes in your stud farms breeding pool . 
  one of the reasons many eastern block stud farms sagged in/struggled to maintain producing the highest quality horses over the decades was that they were pushed to sell too much stock/the wrong individual horses on the international market to bring hard foreign money into the country . 
  it 's incredibly difficult to maintain a stud that produces both , a reliable number absolute world class individual horses , as well as a steady supply of high class horses that can be sold off every year without losing crucial breeding stock . 
  more often than not , you 'll have years , sometimes a few in a row , where the financial balance looks bad . 
  if you put people `` outside the business '' in charge of operations , you run a high risk of losing too much quality ( or that one individual with the perfect combination of genes to put to your most recent top horse , which stands a great chance to produce the arabian that will impact global breeding lines for generations to come ) down the line , in the interest of making a good immediate financial turnover . 
  sorry for the long post , but not many people have any idea whatsoever to what degree top-level horsebreeding differs from pretty much any other form of animal husbandry , and it is n't exactly easy to explain to people who have no previous exposure in that field . 
  hope i did n't bore you to tears , 
  thanks mate - and one more reason to finally pony up the money for a proper subscription * sigh *, 
  well , the sheik f * cking lucked out , that 's for sure . 
  just read from a different source that the fired director was head of janow podlaski for twenty years - you 'd be hard pressed to find a suitable substitute even when looking at suitable candidates only . 
  cheers for the confirmation , though . 
  man , what a sad thing . 
  that is f * cking terrible . 
  one of the finest horse breeding institutions in the world , with an absolute treasure-trove of arabian bloodlines , in the hands of a layman . 
  i sincerely hope that he 'll manage by mostly sitting in his office and doing ntohing and/or the experienced people below him do n't get culled as well and manage to ward off the worst damage . 
  horsebreeding at that level is about the furthest thing from a simple management game/quick learning craft imaginable . 
  come over to our place until this blows over - first of all , we 're taking in everyone and their grandmother ( and her distant cousins and everyone 's pet goats ) at the moment ; second : the beer is decent ; third : you 're close enough to home for a quick visit every now and then , fourth : you have your choice of sea for vacations - baltic and north !, 
  sorry , what was that ? 
  i ca n't hear you over the noise of my starting panzer ... 
  earlier today , i read ( in passing ) that pis also fired the people in charge of all state studs and replaced them with party lackeys who have no prior experience in horsebreeding/rearing whatsoever . 
  confirm/deny ? 
  for a people as proud in their horsebreeding tradition and as equine-savy as the polish , this would strike me as exceptionally shortsighted . 
  really ? 
  for some reason , that completely passed me by - you would n't have a link , would you ? 
  i 'd even take a dutch one . 
  an interesting view and valid points for many nations , but when you look at the actual [ `` national debate '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationalism#defining_a_german_nation ) and what it found to be the defining factors of `` germanness '' , it generally comes down to shared culture and language as well as shared memories ( here is where the hre comes into it , which was doubtlessly heavily influenced by its austrian dominions and rulers ) . 
  also , the flashpoint of `` modern '' german nationalism was certainly the opposition to - and rise against french/napoleonic oppression in the early to mid 1800s . 
  that 's where comparatively recent prussian anti-french ( great ) power struggles got fused with several centuries worth of west-german small-state memories of continuous french bullying , the outright annexation of alsace-lorraine and the ancient [ `` french-hapsburg rivalry '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french%e2%80%93habsburg_relations ) . 
  the first fifty-odd years of `` german '' self-definition were therefore very austria-inclusive , which lingers in the shared ( intellectual ) national conscience to some degree until this day . 
  while one of these pesky polsci people , domestic policy/citizenship is n't exactly my field , so all i can offer you with certainty is some general rounded numbers : according to the 2011 census , so before the latest changes to citizenship laws , we 've had a little less than 4.5 million people with multiple citizenship by 2012 . 
  the largest subgroups of these were ( rounded numbers ) 700.000 polish - , 600.000 russian - , 500.000 turkish-germans . 
  edit : i could n't find any reliable stats of the change in numbers since then on the quick , but according to [ de.statista ] ( https://de.statista.com/infografik/2064/einbuergerungen-in-deutschland/ ) , looking at just the naturalization numbers , the by far greatest beneficiaries of the change in laws for the first year ( 2012 ) seem to have been turks ( roughly 33.000 naturalizations ) , with poles coming second ( at about 4.500 ) . 
  and while naturalization numbers in general have been steadily decreasing for years now ( dropping around 2 % every year for about a decade ) , it 's the opposite for naturalization of eu citizens - those have been seeing double digit increases , mostly/especially regarding people brom the balkans / `` new '' eu members . 
  some piecemeal naturalization numbers on top of that ( since this pertains to my field ) : around 3000 annual naturalizations go to afpak , iran , iraq and morocco respectively - those numbers have been relatively steady for the last couple of years . 
  edit # 2 : the number of turks attaining german citizenship seems to remain on a high level ( compared to the other groups ) at around 22.000 naturalizations anually . 
  2nd place still goes to poland ( about 6000 naturalizations ) while 3rd goes to croatia ( about 5000 ) . 
  take a look at this article at [ welt.de ] ( http://www.daserste.de/specials/ueber-uns/die-mannschaft-102~_v-standard644_4f6f05.jpg ) on the same report . 
  the crucial point might to be here :  of the 65.710 people incarcerated in germany , 19.592 ( 30 % , * anm .
