  what really threw me about my experiences in the uk was this conception of `` germans '' as one uniform mass of inherently different , if not to say defective people . 
  combined with a very , very great reluctance of parting from this notion , because they 've got world history as facts to back them up , right ? 
  and the elaborate theory behind it was really one you could n't just dispel/disprove on the quick . 
  i 've had some very interesting discussions with the saner `` germanophobes '' and a lot of the corollaries of the theory were in themselves at least logically sound , if you were willing to buy into the general thesis of germans being inherently `` other '' compared to `` more enlightened people '' . 
  by far the most bizzare and personally infuriating aspect of the whole thing for me was people declaring me to be an exception from the rule , a `` good german '' so to speak , because that was just ridiculous . 
  if `` germanness '' is really in the biological and cultural dna like they liked to claim , and is indeed irredeemable for my people - well , then i should be the * worst * fucking german of them all , being able to trace my exclusively german family back to the late 1500s on one side and the 13th century on the other . 
  ah , do n't be - nothing i could n't handle ( i love taking on sanctimonious idiots and hypocrites wherever i meet them ) , plus it builds character . 
   and i 'm very happy for your experience having been/being a different one . 
  might also be a matter of time , mind . 
  my personal experience stems from the mid to late 00 's . 
  my sister worked for a big international corporation in london in the late 90s/early 2000s and made the error of bringing her car over : a golf with german license plates , on which she had to replace several flat tires and two kicked/bashed-off side mirrors in the course of about a year . 
  the most baffling thing was finding `` nazi bitch '' scratched into the door one morning - no idea how whoever did this figured out the car belonged to a woman . 
  she also experienced instances of more substancial hostility than i ever did , though i do n't know how frequent - ca n't have been too often , as she spent a couple of years there before relocating to a different office of the same employer in another country . 
  i have another family member who has been working in the uk since the early 2000s , is extremely successful with his business while also holding a professorship at a big university . 
  he 's getting the same anctimonious stuff i was getting , but increasingly less of it over time , and people drop the topic when they notice he has no interest in engaging them ( i believe it also helps that he 's in it , not social sciences ) . 
  though he does report that there has been a flare-up around the brexit referendum . 
  oh , i agree with you - most germans just simply do n't , and make a great conscious effort to assimilate . 
  as i said , this was not so much me criticizing german journos for not assimilating better , as it was me being genuinely surprized this particular man ( i read most if not all of his stuff pretty regularily and think he 's one of the best german us correspondents out there at the moment ) sports such a heavy accent and his intonation still being so decidedly german , after living in the us for the last eight years . 
  yeah , an accent and intonation that thick in someone who has lived in-country for almost a decade is pretty rare in my experience , even among those expats who are less gifted when it comes to `` having an ear '' for languages . 
  i 've posted a lengthy explanation to the redditor below you ( first inquiry that showed up in my inbox ) if you 'd like to give it a read , mate . 
  sure thing : i went to uni in northern england . 
  so there 's not really that * one * anecdote of barely escaping a fistfight , but a lot of small shit over a long period of time , by lots of different people . 
  bit of background : i learned to speak english properly in the us ( scored 218 on my [ cpe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cambridge_english:_proficiency ) before i went to the uk , to give you an idea of my abilities at the time ) so my accent and a good part of my vocabulary was american , which led tomost if not all people i met automatically assuming i was a yank . 
  it usually took a bit of time before it was revealed i was in fact german ( either by me having to deny being american/canadian , or through some other turn in conversation revealing my nationality ) , and you would n't belive the immediate shift in attitude towards me that brought about in some of the people , especially a couple of pints into the evening . 
  i 've had people explain to me how the 20th century played out was due to the fact that there was something intrinsically wrong in the collective german psyche , how `` the german people '' can only be counted on to `` behave '' when they 're under threat of superior force , how germans are inherently unable to embrace the concept of civilization as oposed to that of culture ( i studied polsci , so a lot of these interactions were with people from the same or related fields ) , how `` we 're '' sure to `` start shit again '' the moment the uk and us take their eye off `` us '' - more shit in the same vein . 
  oftentimes , i was then placated/partially excluded for the fact that apparently i myself was n't `` being/thinking/behaving very german '' , the greatest of the morons assuming that the time i spent in the us must have had a significant impact on me . 
  the irish ( two of what became my closest buddies there were irish ) and scots who intervened promptly got into the faces of those people and basically told them off for being jingoistic , racist shitheads , reminding them of the english footprint in history , asking them where their manners and decency towards a guest to the uk had gone and asking them whether they 'd subject asians/pakistanis/indians to the same condescending lecture . 
  i 'm of course aware that they did this in large part because it was a good opportunity to trot out the old inner-uk secterianism , but it was always nice to know that not * everyone * in the uk bought into what is doubtlessly the result of the wwii-obsession of large parts of the uk media and public discourse . 
  there were , of course , on occasion also english people who took my side , but what really stuck with me was how if there were scots and irish to overhear it , they would * always * be ready to wade into the discussion on my behalf . 
  if you want my favorite ( though by no means worst ) single anecdote of the time : being serenaded with a rendition of `` ten german bombers '' `` two world wars and one world cup '' and `` fuck the fucking nazis '' by a crowd of classmates who were pissed off by england being in the process of losing a european cup qualifier against russia . 
  i was late to arrive and actually wearing an england shirt intent on supporting the home side , ( `` when in rome '' , you know ) but if anything , that seemed to have made them more suspicious/hostile . 
  good thing germany lost their game against the czech later the same evening - that seemed to mollify the crowd and actually got me free drinks for `` being a good sport about it . '', 
  on a slightly different note ( feel free to ignore me ) the german journalist asking that particular question has been identified as ansgar graw , senior us correspondent of welt newspaper ( one of the big ones in germany ) , working out of the newspaper 's dc office since 2009 . 
  i read his reporting and op-eds pretty regularily and they 're among the better ones when it comes to german reporters covering the us , but i 've got to say that i 'm surprised as hell his spoken english is * that * bad . 
  during my time in england , whenever one ( though preferably several ) of blighty 's brightest tried to give me shit upon figuring out i was german , you could be absolutely certain that if there were any irish around - scots too - they 'd have my back . 
  in all honesty , that could be me . 
  i 'm comparatively young , comparatively smart , comparatively apt at planning ahead and comparatively used to driving in foreign countries ; but the fact of the matter is that toll stations just are n't a thing in germany . 
  so when i encounter them abroad - most likely in a vehicle that is n't mine , so i 'm unfamiliar with the dimensions of the car plus i do n't want to nick the rims or otherwise risk damage by pulling too far over - i 'm routinely farther away from the toll machine / toll officer 's booth than is strictly necessary . 
  i 've never yet had to pull off what this gentleman is doing , but i 've had to really lean out of the window at least twice . 
  edit : nevermind , just saw the license plate - what a fucking retard . 
  it is generally understood/history so far has pretty reliably shown that nukes in the hands of * states * are not only a deterrent , but lead to more stable ( predictable/sane/mature ) behavior of the owner on the international stage . 
  india and pakistan are mostly held up as the prime example here . 
  all bets are off should nukes make it into the hands of non-state actors ( terrorist , seperatists etc. ), 
  though . 
  hold on , let me quickly check if there are still [ ravens flying around kyffh\u00e4user ridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyffh%c3%a4user#kyffh.c3.a4user_legend ) - if not , second battle of [ iconium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_iconium_\\ ( 1190 \\ ) ) , here i come !, 
  well , for what it 's worth - i 'm someone with a broad interest in the related fields ( history , politics , sociology , security policy ) and i 'm with your general sentiment , except for the nukes . 
  but the way and at the rate things are going , we sure are headed for a lot of messy , increasingly non-linear fighting in our collective future . 
  ah , so that 's what 's on the menu today , eh ? 
  getting real tired of your shit here , turkish officials . 
  yeah , i can imagine . 
  i 've taught classes ( integration and language ) of our recent arrivals where one of the things that routinely comes up during the ` so , what is/was weird in germany these past few days ? ', 
  free-for-all q&a sessions i like to regularily throw in is not wanting to be treated by , especially get undressed before female medical personnel . 
  the sense or nonsense of indulging cultural mores aside , this has a tendency to do a number on especially emergency rooms , since they are increasingly overfrequented and understaffed as it is . 
  if you go there with a cold , a tooth ache , or a five week old ingrown toenail and then request special treatment , you 're making it worse not just for you , but everybody else in need of care , especially the actual emergencies . 
  i 've taken to telling my people that if they ca n't bear to be treated by whoever is assigned to them , they 've got to find a male general practicioner , go to him exclusively and should they fall ill after hours or on weekends , either suck it up until they can go to their gp , or make do with who they are assigned , as there is neither right nor custom to male doctors in this country . 
  i usually fare pretty good with that line of argument ( they 'll at least agree to this being the way it will have to be then ) though you of course never know if they will actually adjust their behavior accordingly , or are just humoring their teacher for the moment . 
  edit : but that 's `` recent arrivals '' , of course - not long-term residents or people who are born here . 
  my patience with those patients would be pretty nonexistent , were i in the medcial field . 
  not so very different here , believe me . 
  we 've got grey wolves ( - sympathizers ) in all major parties . 
  our current ( social democratic , female ) commissioner for integration and refugees is n't one of those , but has two brothers who both run/ran in extremist circles and the brunt of her core advisors/preferred lobbyists are people with some pretty zealous , at times unconstitutional ideas . 
  that is n't even retarded anymore , that 's straight malicious . 
  what a fine idea , geez . 
  though interestingly enough , we had something very broadly similar for a while in germany - during the heyday of the raf ( that 's the * red army faction * , not the * royal air force * ) a leftist terror organization liberally supported by/through the gdr , the [ radikalenerlass ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/radikalenerlass ) ( link in dutch ) sought to prohibit extremists from both sides of the political spectrum from finding employment in civil service jobs . 
  results were pretty negligible - roughly 20 years of implementation resulted in 3.5 million background checks ordered and about 1500 employment denials in total . 
  very different premises , of course . 
  yeah , sometimes the political establishment can be a bit cavalier in their personal estimation of how well they 'll be able to integrate fringe politicians with somewhat dubious background/agendas . 
  germany is no strager to that either , unfortunately . 
  cheers mate - same to you !, 
   i 'll make a point to keep an eye on these denk fellas and what they come up with once the new parliament gets going . 
  watching new , dubious fringe parties find their legs once bestowed with an electoral mandate is certainly one of the more fun things in the broad field of political science . 
  yeah , in germany , the turkish government is content on doing the influencing through their union for religious affairs ( ditib ) directly via the mosques and do n't ( yet ) bother with standing up ( or rather : supporting ) political parties . 
  man thanks for the reply !, 
  ah , so they 're predominantly/exclusively sunni turks , and clear in their allegiance , or do they actually also contain/represent other immigrants as well ? 
  one thing that continues to fascinate me personally is the fact that there is n't anything like this in germany ( yet ) , our various ethnic minorities have made their homes among the already established parties here - who do pander to them in certain policy areas , since they are potentially big voter blocks , of course , but generally do n't go out of their way ( except for the double citizenship related policy social democrats/greens pushed through at the turn of the milenium ) to target them . 
  yeah , for marshy/wetland/national park type areas , they are great for keeping ( re ) forestation down and the grass managable . 
  as long as you keep them far away from unsuspecting people , you 're golden . 
  silly you - * car batteries * are for fishing !, 
  genuinely clueless german here , with unfortunately little time to put into research regarding these guys . 
  would you ( anyone here , really ) mind giving me the lowdown on them ? 
  good god , best fucking steaks in the world . 
  well , that would be [ those cows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heck_cattle ) and you really , and i mean * really * do n't want to fuck with them . 
  [ ( a farmer in ) england learned that the hard way . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/05/devon-farmer-forced-offload-nazi-bred-super-cows ), 
  something something ... gas the turks ? 
  with ... methane ? 
  clever . 
  very , very clever . 
  clearly a clever ploy to push their feta and other , goat/sheepsmilk cheeses onto unsuspecting members of the eu ` sturkish diaspora . 
  just when i thought this could n't * possibly * get any more retarded . 
  ca n't wait for tomorrow 's news . 
  incidentally , that was pretty much the battle cry that launched what was arguably the last proper / ` successful ' cavalry charge in history - italian cavalry against soviet infantry , near izbushensky , summer of 1942 . 
  i know the history of the region is complicated , but i always have a moment of cognitive glitching when i see/hear a frenchie cheer for savoy . 
  we actually nearly came to blows at the end of wwi : post brest-litovsk , in late summer 1918 , germany guaranteed the russians to kick the british out of the baku-region and make sure the turks do n't seize it either , in exchange for a quarter of russia 's annual petroleum naphta ( the step between turning crude into petrol ) production . 
  guess who was hell-bent on taking baku ? 
  look out europe , here comes the * axis of the wallah * . 
  look , it 's really been ~ ~ fun ~ ~ different so far but do n't try us , erdy . 
  last thing you wan na have happen is europe starting to hear voices again . 
  you know - god willing things and such . 
  i 'm seeing the scale of the bust , i read storefront in bilbao and networks in spain/france/belgium and i 'm wondering to what degree this might be the remnants of old eta-related `` logistics '' infrastructure/network , now repurposed to sell off old stock and/or make money by supplying other terrorists or organized crime .
