  they have the * best * bacon . 
  it 's true !, 
  seriously . 
  they * do * have the best bacon , * it is known * . 
  worse , mate - he 's an ideolgue . 
  and a true believer . 
  he does n't just write for spiegel either , but has his own partisan newspaper ( der freitag ) and lends his mug to every public policy debate forum and every political tv talk show that will have him . 
  you could ( very roughly ) call him the german left 's equivalent of what steve bannon at breitbart was to the new american right , * before * he became the karl rove/dick cheney of circus trump . 
  by all means , go crazy with the poldering . 
  as long as there remains a big-enough moat between us and our collective island-neighbors on the west to make sure we remain in splendid , territorial isolation from one another , okay ? 
  and do n't worry about poldering to economically ruin the port of hamburg - buying off the european courts / various eu agencies and encouraging the german greens is doing the job already . 
  no need to invent new land , when you can invent * oenanthe conioides * , a much cheaper option !, 
  while i 'd never claim to have extensive knowledge of danish history , i do know a little more than your average joe about the schleswig holstein question ( as it happens to be german history , go figure ) , so no need to chuck wiki links at me , mate . 
  and unfortunately , the question of seperating the duchies was n't on the table then , thanks to the treaty of ribe and the london protocol of 1852 , as i 'm sure you know . 
  * up ewig ungedeelt * , remember ? 
  danish nationalists were hell-bent on tying schleswig ever closer to denmark proper , london protocol ( schleswig must not be tied closer to denmark than holstein ) and all other consequences ( certainty of german bund intervention in support of schleswig-holstein in case of a breach of the london protocol ) be damned . 
  so christian ix . 
  had the option of either signing the november constitution , or seriously pissing off the government and dealing a strong blow to the general support for his very recently aquired danish crown . 
  in the end , he signed the constitution , the part of which that dealt with schleswig was a breach of the london protocol , which called the bund into action . 
  so you 're correct - denmark never wanted holstein/lauenburg for their own sake . 
  but it wanted * schleswig * badly enough to go to war over , effectively , seperating it from holstein which denmark knew perfectly well was n't an option . 
  so denmark gambled : first , on austria hating prussia/not caring about north germany enough to drag its feet and keep the rest of the bund from intervening on behalf of schleswig-holstein ; and second , their english buddies obsessing over potential prussian access to kiel enough to intervene with another peace conference , resulting in * status quo ante * before the bund-troops could effectively kick the danish army out of schleswig . 
  unfortunately for denmark , both gambles were lost . 
  fortunately for denmark , south schleswig fell into their lap after sitting pretty ( all the while turning a handsome profit ) in neutrality through the first world war . 
  that 's history for you - you win some , you lose some . 
  no hard feelings , eh ? 
  same happened here , our corresponding numbnuts are afd . 
  is df also in the pocket of the russians then ? 
  this is both amazing ( to hear ) and terrible ( as a fact ) . 
  i ha no idea this was even going on , many thanks for sharing . 
  which is a shame , really , because we 've already got the plans for it in the drawer : the entire concept of a hypothetical armored battle in the north german plains would be a big , live-ammo reforger excercise . 
  well , the northern half of it anyways . 
  not sure denmark would manage to find a willing ally to attack with a second prong through the fulda gap . 
  unless , of course , espersen speaks really good russian . 
  waaaay back when i was still in highschool , we had an actual augstein buzzword/concept bingo . 
  was fun for a while , then got teeth-achingly repetitive . 
  if in some smothering dreams you too could pace behind the wagon that we flung him in , and watch the white eyes writhing in his face , his hanging face , like a devil 's sick of sin ; if you could hear , at every jolt , the blood come gargling from the froth-corrupted lungs , obscene as cancer , bitter as the cud of vile , incurable sores on innocent tongues , -- my friend , you would not tell with such high zest to children ardent for some desperate glory , the old lie : * dulce et decorum est pro patria mori . 
  does this guy have a steam account ? 
  can we just gift him a paradox bundle so he can squabble and conquer and ( and lose it all again ) to his heart 's content while the grown-ups of europe get on with their lives ? 
  he could even remove ( virtual ) kebab !, 
  seriously , though - fuck off s\u00f6ren , nobody needs your nonsense . 
  also : the first three danes that make it down to hamburg with credibly peaceful , non-imperial intentions will get a free * franzbr\u00f6tchen * from this kraut . 
  [ sure !, 
  ] ( https://www.emser.de/fileadmin/data_emser.de/images/pagepics/produkte_images/hals_rachen_pastillen_menthol.jpg ) but you ai n't getting no more sea , dutchie - you 'll only polder it and turn it into land anyways !, 
   be careful denmark , there are still bismarcks around . 
  yeah , the last time denmark had nationalist ambitions regarding schleswig holstein , it did n't only not gain them what they wanted ( outright annexation of schleswig , continued control over holstein and lauenburg ) , but backfired so spectacularly that they lost what they already had and would ( at least in part ) have otherwise most probably kept . 
  also , they lost the subsequent war against mostly * austria * ( who earned a lot more laurels in that campaign than prussia ) , the utter humiliation of which drove them completely off the stage of european power politics for the next century . 
  well , if we do n't count their various princesses who did a fine job in turning their respective ( russian , british , to a lesser degree greek ) monarch-husbands against germany and helped set the stage for the mess of alliances , reassurances and notions of encirclement that got us into wwi . 
  but that 's a story for another time . 
  * sigh * beat me to the post , mate !, 
   have a translation of the full article , folks : ** danish politician wants to redraw border with germany ** * no tank battle - but a certain sense of entitlement . 
  the chaiman of the populist-right dansih people 's party wants to redraw denmark 's border with germany . 
  all of schleswig should be danish . 
  * the reins have been tightened for a while now at the german-danish border . 
  at the very least since the beginning of the refugee-crisis , especially the danish authorities like to engage in a show of force : border controls . 
  long lines on the motorway . 
  the trains , too - to arhus and kopenhagen , are occasionally patrolled . 
  the border itself though , drawn between north - ( danish ) and south - ( german ) schleswig on the basis of a complex self-identification poll of regional residents in the aftermath of the first world war , had not been disputed by anybody for decades . 
  until now . 
  in an interview with danish tv-station `` dk4 '' , the vice-chairman of the right-populist danish people 's party , s\u00f8ren espersen declared a desire for territorial changes between denmark and germany . 
  the danish people 's party is the second strongest party in danish parliament , where it facilitates a minority government by liberal-conservative venstre-party under prime minister lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen . 
  espersen , who also happens to be the chairman of the foreign policy committee of the danish parliament , on the one hand , ruled out a military confrontation between germany and denmark to contest the line of the border - a '' * tank battle on the low german plain * is not to be on the agenda . 
  on the other hand , his party desires `` a denmark [ that extends ] to the river eider '' , which would cede not only flensburg to denmark , but cities like husum , schleswig and eckernf\u00f6rde . 
  such a border line is `` both , the hope and dream '' of his party , since `` nothing in history is ever static '' . 
  borders remaining unchanged would be `` a completely novel thing '' . 
  according to the german-language danish daily newspaper `` der nordschleswiger '' from apenrade , espersen , during the tv interview , pointed out how it would have merely taken `` a snap of the fingers '' by denmark to seize schleswig in its entirety in the aftermath of the second world war . 
  denmark abstained merely in order to keep its own german minority population from gaining undue weight in the process . 
  those fears not only seem to have abated among the disciples of the danish people party these days - the opposite seems to be the case . 
  espersen demands that the danish minority in german schlesig-holstein shall henceforth strive for a united province of slesvig under the banner of denmark . 
  `` this must be the ideal of the danish minority , otherwise there 's no sense in the world . 
  [ t/n : closest idiomatic translation of ` sonst verstehe ich gar nichts ' ] '' the current government of the german state of schleswig-holstein , with anke spoorendonk of the danish minority party as it 's vice-president , declined to comment on the issue on thursday afternoon . 
  off-the-record voices from within the cabinet indicated that the body would consider the notion of any alteration to the current border `` absurd '' . 
  more firm than his compatriots in the state government was the floor leader of the danish minority party in kiel , lars harms . 
  in a press release , he declared the demand for border revisions `` anachonistic , unrealistic and a dagerous messing-about with the decades of border peace , achieved together after centuries of danish-german conflict '' . 
  before the discussion gets heated , i 'd like to point out that this is n't so much a piece of reporting by der spiegel , as it is an op-ed by one of it 's columnists , [ jakob augstein ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jakob_augstein ) . 
  the resident `` champagne socialist '' of not only that particular publication , but very much the german `` mainstream media '' in general . 
  all valid points . 
  then again , there has never been what could be called and actual glorification of von stauffenberg , or even the july plotters as a whole - the exact opposite , in fact , was the rule for very much the first half of the post wwii-era , on both sides of the iron curtain . 
  for the east , anyone who was n't ( possible to be re-labeled ) a commie was automatically a nazi/didn ' t exist - so the july plotters automatically were reactionary * junker * - forces of evil . 
  for the very south-west german , very catholic , decidedly social-democratic frg , the military resistance was too prussian-dominated in both , its dramatis personae and the foundation of its moralist reasoning ( tangentially one of the reasons why the focus on the july plotters is decidedly on von stauffenberg , instead of the all in all comparatively more influential von tresckow and others ) - it would n't do to allow for even the tacit lionization of members of a socio-political strata you were currently gearing your education system and academia to turn into the primary culprits for all the calamities that befell the german people and their neighbors since european restoration . 
  then there were , of course , those former members of the german military who never morally got to point of the members of the military resistance - realizing that the intrinsic evilness of the hitler regime trumps the imperative of officers being bound by their oaths and ( much more important ) the no. 1 take-away of the reichswehr from the mess that was the winter of 1918/1919 : the german military never ( again ) turning on a german government in a time of war , as it will only make things worse for the country . 
  these people resented the july plotters for the principle of the thing , oftentimes regardless of their own complicity in nazi atrocities . 
  that particularily nasty good ol' boys club even tried to actively ostracize surviving members of the military resistance long after the war . 
  also , the military resistance in itself was extremely heterogenous , and key members often subject to frequent physical relocation/repostings , which tended to do a number on their primary networks of communication and subsequently at least as much of an impact on the feasability of its actual plans as their complexity . 
  we have rosehip jam ( though it is mostly home-made and the popularity and availability of it has been on the decline for ages , thanks to the disappearance of hedges and rosehip bushed throughout the countryside ) , but we 've never put it in berliners on a large scale . 
  at least not in any of the regions that make up today 's germany - might be different for the folks with roots in pomerania , masovia and east prussia , but i can definitely rule out silesia , since my family is from there ( spiced plum jam was the big thing there , according to them ) and even the former gdr - it would be an * ostalgia * thing these days and i 'd have come across it at this point . 
  looks absolutely stupendous , though - i will definitely have to get some when i finally get around to my big poland trip . 
  man , stuff just keeps piling up since i haunt this subreddit and infrequently converse with all you poles here - no way will i be able to make even half of my travel itinerary in under two weeks at this point , going all over the place , eating twice my body weight in local cuisine , piclking my liver in piwo and vodka . 
  i seriously need to rustle up the time and money for that trip asap , before i end up just migrating out of efficiency - then again , i would n't even know where to settle at this point !, 
  seems to be a general secret to most baked goods , if i 'm any judge . 
  got ta develop that gluten !, 
  unfortunately , i really suck at baking though , so i 'm very much in the hands of the professionals . 
  cottage cheese with fruit sounds very interesting !, 
  here in ( north ) germany , it used to be only multi-fruit , plum and one other red jelly ( raspberry , strawberry , morello cherry - whatever the baker had left over from his other projects ) but for about a decae or so now , fillings seem to multiply exponentially each year . 
  man , rosehip marmelade sounds absolutely super - ca n't belive this has n't been a traditional german filling as well . 
  i 've got ta find a way to try one of those some time . 
  i do n't know why the hell you are being downvoted into oblivion here , mate ( my guess is on the reddit international brigade hating the men behind the july-plot out of principle ) but yours is a very worthwhile comment . 
  anyone who dedicates at least a little time into learning about the military resistance and their affiliates , many of whom had been wanting to get rid of hitler and his cronies for the better part of the decade by 1944 , would certainly agree with you . 
  tom cruise as a * person * notwithstanding , the movie was a very good effort to depict their group and give a glimpse at their motivation and reasoning . 
  if you ever get a chance to read about the people behind it , do so .
