well , it is certainly a bit of a crude generalisation , but there are plenty of people who 's only source of information on these subjects is a tabloid and are perfectly happy with that situation . 
  and even supposedly more upmarket forums like question time will stoop to nazi references when discussing germany . 
  my point is , just as a german tabloid reader is getting filtered the outrageous stories from abroad , those readers abroad are being given an image of germany filtered through nazi references . 
  neither is getting the full story . 
  tabloid readers in many european nations see only those insults , a daily diet of boobs , sport and bad germans seems a custom in britain . 
  they are the most widely read papers in the country and , like you say , people will vote for politicians that support or indulge their views . 
  why leave the uk ? 
  come and visit scotland !, 
  glasgow has a little gay district in the merchant city , i 'm not sure about edinburgh but both cities are as gay tolerant as any city in the uk and both have excellent nightlife and cultural scenes . 
   what 's your opinion on independence ( i 'm assuming you 're a scot ) ? 
  ( i 'm not mojojo42 but i 'm answering you ) i lean towards the union but i think i could be convinced for independence with a good argument . 
  no one seems to be trying very hard to convince me though , which is what puzzles me . 
  nationalistic rhetoric has no sway on me and that 's mostly what i see from the nationalists so far . 
   what is the opinion of the general public in scotland ? 
  for years now polls have shown about one third would vote for independence , which makes me think they need to start a really strong campaign to get a yes , which , again , i see little sign of . 
   what sort of independence are we talking about here ? 
  leaving the uk and becoming a completely separate state . 
  england , wales and northern ireland would still be in the uk . 
   what are some major pros and cons ? 
  i do n't know !, 
  becoming a tiny state in europe , do we stay in the eu ? 
  have to re-apply ? 
  we would n't have much bargaining power , would we have to take the euro ? 
  but we could truly set our own agenda , very few conservatives get voted in in scotland but they currently run the uk parliament . 
  would we get downgraded from the uk 's triple a credit status ? 
  there 's a million unknowns . 
   how would this affect scotland 's place in the u.k. / their relationship with england as well as their place in the e.u. 
  out of the uk altogether , obviously retain very close ties with everyone we would hope . 
  there is ongoing discussion with the eu about whether we would automatically remain in or have to re-apply . 
  the eu does n't want to make it too easy a ride to be honest because that would set a precedent and independence movements in other areas , notably catalonia , could gain momentum . 
  can i mention how strange it seems that there * is n't * a particularly involved debate on scottish independance ? 
  sure matters crop up about it but it is n't at the forefront . 
  is it too soon ? 
  do people not care or think it wo n't happen ? 
  i know it can get pretty involved on subreddits around here but i 've been waiting for the discussion to get deep and meaningful since the referendum was announced and it has n't i feel . 
  i came in to post exactly this , whilst you can certainly find music from other countries if you look for it in the uk , no mainstream station is going to promote foreign language music . 
  [ peter fox ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd0a2plmsva ) from germany is one who would have several [ hits ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmqiuaj92tm ) if he was british , or even if he was singing in english . 
  i often wonder what great music i miss because it is n't sang in english , so i just do n't hear it . 
  our industry is too attractive and successful in the uk ? 
  there are n't millions of skilled uk workers to replace these guys . 
  we 're doing things backwards today, 
  true , mostly times squarish affair , but have you tried fresh napoli ? 
  they invented that shit , literally !, 
  there 's a greek place near me that i tried and was n't impressed by . 
  ca n't remember what i had but what do you recommend ? 
  dude , new york does a good , big greasy slice but go to naples , get a local to make you a fresh pizza , preferably a fat unsanitary looking guy , then go to heaven . 
  i still see no justification for these acts . 
  even if they found the actual criminals they should n't attempt to burn them alive or stone them to death . 
  that 's literally sharia law . 
  i 'm not sure how attempting to maim and kill random people can be justified . 
  the article itself provided that info , do you have proof of golden dawn involvement ? 
  i 'm not in greece so i ca n't say . 
  i do know that i was shocked to be stripped of my european citizenship recently ( i 'm scottish ) . 
  and i know that americans did not see trump . 
  i have no doubt that 's true . 
  just as they provided shelter before and reported the opposition , 
  i 'm scared le pen will win and then golden dawn . 
  all the rest , even trump winning , are just things . 
  i do n't know why but golden dawn winning marks wwiii for me . 
  there is a statue near me that commemorates the fights against spanish fascism . 
  and we lost . 
  i would not suggest the refugees did not antagonise locals . 
  the article states this . 
  i do disagree that dislodging boulders onto tents is a fair response . 
  i am not attempting to defend men that harass women . 
  in no way . 
  it is a ridiculous european bureaucracy that led to this situation :(, 
  it depends on the state . 
  i have never see any evidence that the greater the concentration of blacks/mulsims/whites / africans = disaster for a nation . 
  when ireland had their refugee crises it was because of the potato famine . 
  when france had it , it was because of nazi germany . 
  that is not true . 
  the countries refugees flee from have had a serious break down of law and order . 
  refugees range from doctors and lawyers to the unskilled migrant . 
  we , ireland , the uk and other countries , have been accepting refugees for many , many years . 
  they have all sorts of reasons and desires . 
  they come from pretty much every country on the planet for one reason or another . 
  we also have developed a response . 
  it 's the customs that you will probably have experienced . 
  we will process them , and we will accept the needy . 
  i absolutely absolutely accept that , i really do . 
  as a brit that voted to stay , my worst fear is europe not learning the lesson and breaking apart . 
  i hated the way greece was treated and i do n't see that the locals will view europe favorably after this . 
  well , the locals apparently decided to try burning and stoning to death random people . 
  i 'm against isis and shariah law . 
  in case that was n't clear . 
  i do n't think that bending over for to receive anal sex and burning a random person to death on a suspicion are the same thing . 
  i 'm gay though , i might have messed up morals . 
  i really do think there is a lot that can solve a problem that does n't involve burning someone to death or stoning them . 
  not easy to tell someone 's point of view suddenly , 
  the attacks followed a two-day visit this week to chios and lesbos , the adjoining aegean island , by a team of mps from the neo-fascist golden dawn and far-right parliamentarians from belgium . 
  and of course the opposition points to this . 
  i dont think flinging rocks or burning petrol will help in either case . 
  i 'm actually not sure which group you refer to . 
  the refugees have committed crimes locally . 
  the locals ' response is as reported . 
  i have n't heard that report but the article does state that locals have been antagonised by refugees committing crimes . 
  it does n't justify this response however . 
  `` dozens of people have been driven out of a refugee camp on the greek island of chios after two successive nights of attacks by a far-right group . 
  at least two people were wounded after attackers threw molotov cocktails and rocks as big as boulders from elevated areas surrounding the souda camp , activists said .
