  because they are constantly afraid of getting shot themselves . 
  one wrong move by the suspect and he 's dead . 
  in europe basically no one is armed so the cops are really relaxed and even if the person starts swinging a knife around , the cops usually do n't draw a gun , they just try approaching with batons , pepper spray and a taser . 
  tl ; dr : less people get shot . 
  because that way we do n't have too many people with guns . 
  almost anyone can get a gun if they 're willing to go through the trouble , but most people wo n't , which is good . 
  oh man , there has been a misunderstanding here . 
  i am not supporting banning guns . 
  i think people should be able to own guns . 
  but i think that a quite negative public attitude towards guns is healthy . 
  we should not promote guns or glorify them . 
  if a person wants to have a gun in his home for self defence , fine , but it should be hard and very controlled . 
  banning guns is not the right decision , i agree . 
  i never meant to sound like i was supporting that . 
  i do n't know a single person whose home has been broken into while someone was home . 
  i do n't know a single person who has been threatened with a gun ( nor knife , for that matter , although i 'm sure that happens more often ) . 
  we should stop thinking of `` what if ? 
  '' , we should think what is actually realistic . 
  most people wo n't have a single situation like that during their life , so no need to arm people just for that rare case of `` what if ? '', 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index#rankings_and_scores_by_country ), 
  because when guns are easier to obtain , the attackers have guns too . 
  do i really need to explain this ... ? 
  so basically , you do n't have guns , the attacker wo n't have a gun either 99 % of the time . 
  if the attacker is armed , he wo n't be so trigger happy when threatening someone because he is n't afraid of getting shot . 
  no one dies , usually . 
  also , cops do n't have to shoot people because people do n't have `` self defence '' weapons laying around everywhere . 
  if he did n't have that american flag , it would surely be sarcastic , but now i 'm not so sure . 
  do n't believe anything people say about finland on the internet . 
  full of finns making ridiculous exaggerations . 
  the thing we finns are the best at is making our own country sound like shit . 
  yeah i 'm a finn and i do n't know either . 
  send help . 
  much more exciting than before . 
  you do n't actually see who wins until the very end . 
  it 's not the accent that matters , it 's the sound . 
  that is the most swedish thing there is . 
  after [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg ) , of course . 
  well they do have some sick nasheeds though : [ 1 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zqojvi8xua0 ) , [ 2 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/1nin6ciw1ws ) , [ 3 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/h2hatofiy2o ) , [ 4 . ] ( https://youtu.be/wpmltqcnq6y ) . 
  i would almost be tempted to vote for them if they performed those . 
  i get it , opinions . 
  but all the other choices are so dry and average , i ca n't come up with a better alternative . 
  burgers are bland ? 
  kerroshampurilainen is easily the best fast food burger there is . 
  yeah but karsk just sounds like another word , while pl\u00f6r\u00f6 is like something that comes out of your butt . 
  pl\u00f6r\u00f6 is clearly the superior word . 
  hivemind has always been and will always be a part of the voting system . 
  the comment system would have to be 4chan-esque if you wanted to see all the opinions . 
  oh wow , such a good one to win !, 
  spoiler alert : finland wins most of the time . 
  yeah luckily i visited in 2015 , still sad though . 
  yeah that 's what i meant , thanks for correcting . 
  but yeah , often these kinds of graphs are based on surveys . 
  highly doubt it 's based on gym membership . 
  more likely people were asked if they exercise two and a half hours a week . 
  yeah i 'm gon na need some statistics on that . 
  internet and gaming consoles is n't enough , i too can say siesta and hot weather and it 's the same thing . 
  well quite clearly they do n't do it as often , as the statistics say . 
  that 's why this whole conversation is quite pointless , the numbers are there , what the hell are we even talking about . 
  you do n't need a sunny day to see people exercising , trust me . 
  i always wonder myself who the hell are those people , but there they always go . 
  nordics really like to fill their weekly exercise quota , no matter what . 
  well running is all you can do in many other countries , here you can go out and the ski track is 50 meters from your door . 
  yeah but people still go out and do all kinds of different activities . 
  nordic countries have some of the best infrastructure for outdoor activities , and you constantly see people doing all kinds of interesting stuff . 
  in nordic countries going out often means exercise , in southern europe it just means going out . 
  do n't worry , only the minority thinks like that german . 
  i do n't get the weather argument . 
  clothes exist , it 's not like people do n't go out . 
  i guess everyone is imagining a sunny italian village where kids play football and grannies walk the streets , and comparing everything to that . 
  now you 're just projecting . 
  you do that , not everyone . 
  yeah ... but they are still related , just like the guy said . 
  i understand your point , but protests caused by widespread corruption is not a very good thing in general . 
  that is the official italian version , though . 
  you 're not getting anything else . 
  nice alternative fact !, 
  this . 
  i do n't even know why the castles thing happened . 
  i mean , / r/castles exists . 
  if it was in america , this would be all over the internet . 
  it 's not , though , so what trump ate for breakfast becomes the priority . 
  it is n't holding anything , it 's there for the protection of tourists . 
  it will hold the wall if it decides to fall over . 
  most of the walls do n't have the scaffolding anyway . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0120gantija while not as intact as those other buildings , this is the oldest free-standing structure on earth . 
  at least that 's how the meme started . 
  netherlands ( almost ) always loses to finland on these types of rankings , so it has become a meme there . 
  ironically , you took his joke too seriously . 
  yay !, 
  uhh ok ... thompson maybe . 
  shit , that man with the blue plastic bag is walking without gloves . 
  hey i do n't care about other people 's opinions . 
  where are all the meaningful maps , like most coffee consumption ? 
  enjoy your victory , for it will be your last . 
  in asia people do n't really see the nazis the same way we do . 
  [ a restaurant in mumbai .
