  are you telling me i 'm a hypocrite for caring about my continent more ? 
  also , who 's saying that these things are only `` inhuman '' in europe ?? 
  not me . 
  yeah but he was saying that we should stop it and be ashamed of ourselves etc. 
  which is not true . 
  there 's a difference between 75 people dying in a truck somewhere in syria ( where , as you said , hundreds of people die every day anyway ) and 75 people dying in the middle of an european country , especially when things like this happen so rarely here . 
  it 's not hypocrisy to care about our own area more , it 's normal - it 's human nature , because it has been happening for thousands of years . 
  she 's just a girl , in a situation . 
  not like she was born to be a queen or anything . 
  oh god ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_archipelago  the stockholm archipelago ( swedish : stockholms sk\u00e4rg\u00e5rd ) is the largest archipelago in sweden , and the second-largest archipelago in the baltic sea ( the largest being across the baltic in finland ) . 
  different articles give different answers . 
  we can never be sure , can we ? 
  let 's just say that both archipelagos are equally big , shall we ? 
  nope , ours is the largest . 
  indeed . 
  the archipelago between turku and \u00c5land is actually the largest archipelago in the world . 
  you know , finns never brag , we just say things as they are . 
  finland is equal and we 're not afraid to say it . 
  it is fani pikoos it is \u00e4kshyli truu . 
  nearly everyone i know either has their own place or knows a family member whose cottage they can visit . 
  maybe i just have super special friends or something . 
  i believe his point was that in finland most people do n't have air conditioning because it 's so rarely needed , so temperatures inside can go ridiculously high sometimes . 
  maybe the show just needs to be put to rest ... top gear has been great but nothing lasts forever . 
  yeah he 's our mascot , pekka virtanen . 
  ah a true finn , does n't believe anything positive said about his country . 
  cultural thing mostly . 
  like in japan . 
  yep . 
  also the largest amount of blue-eyed people , but that basically comes with the hair colour so not surprising . 
  researchers believe that the last natural blonde in the world will be born in finland . 
  finland has the most blondes in the world though ... 
  red on green though ? 
  what were you thinking ? 
  so many people ca n't see the lower half of the dragon now . 
  smoking is still more common and snus is n't that popular . 
  it 's popular among certain types of people , mostly men , and its popularity among boys and young men has increased in the last five years or so . 
  i 've noticed that 15-25 year old boys/men do n't smoke much anymore ( girls smoke more ) but instead many of them use snus . 
  yeah agreed . 
  much much better than smoking , but the best would be to use neither . 
  especially in public , snus can look really stupid . 
  i 'm finnish and this looks very middle class . 
  like super stereotypical finnish family . 
  this does n't look like upper class to me at all . 
  even their cars are kinda cheap . 
  i thought i recognized your car and yep , i remember your previous imgur post !, 
  that 's what i meant . 
  holy shit those comments are hilarious . 
  that tiny little village , the oldest settlement ( town ) in finland . 
  well i never denied that . 
  is that what we 've been arguing about . 
  because obviously they are both cruises , i was just saying that one is a proper cruise ship built for long ocean journeys and other one is a flat bottom ferry incapable of making long ocean journeys that also serves as a cruise liner . 
  so yeah they are very different and obviously things ( like slot machines ) work differently . 
  that was my original comment, 
  yes because you pay for everything else too and almost nothing is really included in the cruise ticket . 
  you are missing the point . 
  costa ships are for proper all-inclusive cruises , that last multiple days , contain excursions , multiple harbours etc. 
  you were saying that the slot machine things depend on the cruise . 
  no , if it 's a proper all-inclusive cruise like what costa does , the way the slot machines work is always the same . 
  that 's the type of cruise people were talking about . 
  yeah nah it is n't when you compare it to the cruise ships where the cruise lasts for a week or more and you eat every breakfast and dinner on the ship + spend way more time there in general . 
  well obviously , but it 's very different than a proper cruise ship like this . 
  the fin-swe ships are ferries , as you said . 
  costa ships are all-inclusive , actual cruise ships . 
   but what we have now is a view , where good people are presented perfect and when a scandal gets uncovered - people start hating them immediately . 
  and i get it - their view of the world collapses , because it was made from idols that have fallen . 
  that 's how you lose faith in everything . 
  wow , i 've never thought of that , but you 're so right . 
  damn well said . 
  thanks for [ explaining that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fcopdtc.gifv ) . 
  i had no idea what i was looking at . 
  the nature is very different . 
  are you telling me that mountains are the only beautiful thing you can appreciate ? 
  because it sounds like it . 
  stop being so pessimistic . 
  of course to you the other countries seem nicer because you have lived in finland your entire life . 
  the grass is always greener ... etc. 
  i have no idea why they chose that picture for 2005 . 
   paris one looks a bit disappointing comapred to others ok i think i know what you mean . 
  it 's because it does n't show much of the city , right ? 
  well , at least it 's a very famous painting by edelfelt , but maybe this was n't the right thread for it . 
  but that does n't include denmark . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  scandinavia pretty much means `` nordic countries '' in spoken language anyway , there 's no need to correct it every single time . 
  i guess people want to feel smart or something . 
   i do n't know how else you defend yourself . 
  as if most people ever need to defend themselves anyway . 
  i already explained it . 
  when the public attitude towards guns is mostly reserved , it 's just healthy . 
  yes , these countries have a lot of guns , but the guns are kept hidden away . 
  they are in safes , only used when needed . 
  people do n't carry their pistols around or anything like that . 
  it 's about gun culture . 
  americans like their concealed carry because `` muh loved ones and shit '' . 
  we do n't need that attitude here . 
  amount of guns = not necessarily bad . 
  amount of people carrying them around = bad . 
  of course it 's good . 
  one good example is the amount of police shootings in the us . 
  why do the cops shoot people so often ?
