  this how the galactic empire of luxembourg was born . 
  it is not explained by the rise of the number of foreign women ? 
  or that immigrant families are poorer and incentives work greater on them ? 
  the day afghanistan and muslim state ( as a all ) will have a coherent policy on anything their problems will be solved . 
  this is not how international relations work . 
  damn britt always holding back the return of our rightful clay . 
  in exchange we can give flandre to netherlands and calais to you . 
  we already have some of your citizen here . 
  the groups are different . 
  euro member want to be in the eurozone because they want something they do n't have in their previous system ( stability , bigger market , confidence ) . 
  non euro member have already a strong economy this is why they are higher . 
  ( off course there are some exception ) . 
  next steps protectorate then annexation . 
  german humor . 
  if it is a german policy.sweden will still have to welcome the algerian and marrocan ~ ~ economic migrant ~ ~ refugee, 
  13 billion pound is not that much anyway, 
  machine gun a nice invention, 
  if a political decision is made by reflection with help of intellectual , social scientists and visionary people it is good . 
  if the decision have for only vision the hate of other . 
  the `` enemy '' will go , but the leader of those groups , if he want to maintain his power will drive the rage against something else . 
  the sun the sky and a lot of stars, 
  they are not independent ? 
  christian charity / s, 
  no it was part of japan, 
  even if we reject all the migrant it will not stop . 
  they will say that the country is destroyed by foreign worker . 
  if we forbid foreign workers it will not stop either because they will turn against the naturalized and migrant descent . 
  if we keep only the native they will then say that the country is stopped by international law and institution . 
  after they will say that the country is rotten by leftist and intellectual . 
  it will never stop and this is how you end up with north korea, 
  even if they are not in the union and we need passeport for going there we still have french polynesia . 
  well a lot of normal state today begun as a terrorist organization or violent nationalist groups . 
  ( ps i did n't legitimize the attack against israel ), 
  biggest arabe pop in europe . 
  and biggest jew pop in europe . 
  there is jews and muslim in the gouvernment . 
  france diplomacy always try to play a `` neutral '' role in this conflict . 
  france support the 2 state solution . 
  and this menace of recognition is a way to force israel to calm their colonisation . 
  now we need a good gun and a good horse, 
  relevant flair edit : user name =  flair, 
  in france you can have a 90 percent of the population against you . 
  if you manage to have the senate and the parliament you are ok, 
  it does n't outsource enough dirty industry to china, 
  well , this was quick, 
  i would gladly have a new king ^ ^ prepare ^ ^ the ^ ^ guillotine, 
  is he statistician ? 
  this was sarcasm . 
  as a western european i am totally happy to live without comunism . 
  and i truly respect those who had to leave under their regime . 
  edit leave =  live, 
  no and no . 
  i did n't write this quote because of a supposed feel of nostalgy . 
  and i know that there is a difference between the state and russian people mentality . 
  it is my sarcastic way to point out that putin is trying to make a ussr without comunism . 
  right everything was so simple when we had 100 minutes per hour, 
  anyone who does n't regret the passing of the soviet union has no heart . 
  anyone who wants it restored has no brains . 
  vladimir putin edit / s, 
  because you are in debt and you have to sell the carot to germany . 
  it is true we are a secular state our ancestor fought for it . 
  we should ` nt let foreigner or religious leader dictate our policy or any backward minority enforce their religious rules into our laic majority . 
  this is why we should n't have national holiday like easter , christmas or assumption . 
  we should n't have any nativity inside of the public space . 
  we should n't have mayor paying indirectly for new mosque or church . 
  and even more no religious sign should be seen on any public space like burka nijab or skullcap . 
  every single religion will try to take distort the rules.we should ` nt be soft on any groups because of tolerance , tradition or fight against racism and antisemitism . 
  it would be a lack of respect to the one who bend to our rules . 
  edit : from a suggestion of the citizen u/samiumabisare we will reinstall the republican calendar . 
  it is a well made and a truly rational calendar . 
  even more any single religious will now have to swear fidelity to the republic . 
  anybody who do n't comply will be executed by a guillotine . 
  i know that such decision may be received by some turmoil this is why i will reinstall the comity of public safety . 
  they will be in charge of the reinforcement of the republics rule . 
  and protect us from the enemy of the people , the enemy of the revolution . 
  vive la republic et vive la france, 
  yes but they try very hard to reproduce . 
  if we kill all the right full direct heir i wonder what will they choose a black prince , a princess or a total annexation ? 
  monaco ? 
  i will play the devil advocate ( because i think that the two camp are wrong and terrorism is the worst political tool ) here , but against strong military , if you want to win , terrorist attack and guerrilla warfare are recommended . 
  ps i was a little insincere earlier . 
   well ... 
  i would consider a violent separatist movement that kills civilians and supports islam a fairly large issue . 
  i totally agree with you fighting back against a totalitarian dictatorship is bad especially if you are muslim, 
  so you go in my account to try to score political point in other thread against me ? 
  that 's really creepy, 
  i am sorry . i have a really poor knowledge about my country . 
  if i understand well the referendum in france has never been used as a way to punish a government . 
  i guess that sarkozy never wanted to use this referendum as a political trophy . 
  and no voter had in mind the 1969 constitutional referendum . 
  if such thing happened this would probably make the result less relevant . 
  but i guess that if this referendum with 30.60 % of abstention say that the majority agree with you i am fine with it . 
  ps do n't forget that the abstention is the first party in france with 50 % of the voter . 
  they voted no to sarkozy, 
  i fear the day when we will see european far right ^ again, 
  you touched my soul with what you said . 
  more seriously france loose it power other time . 
  with the time passing asia come closer of our old colonies . 
  our permanent seat in the un is more and more criticized . 
  and our army is under founded .
