and the french origin is gay i guess, 
  damn those are really oddly specific questions, 
  i call it now . 
  francois holland will be the socialist candidate , alain juppe weakened by his fight against ex president nicolas sarkozy , and the ex prime minister francois fillons will still manage to take the right and center . 
  the green and the red will have a joint candidate . 
  and of course marine lepen . 
  the second round will be alain juppe and marine lepen . 
  the world will be shocked every body talk about the french fascisation and will forget that the abstention will be higher than ever . 
  the socialist will ask their voter to choose alain juppe . 
  and unexpectedly the right will win with a big difference . 
  hahahahaha no . 
  both have a shitty relation to the continent , especially that one shitty country just in face of their shore . 
  why monaco is rich ? 
  because there is a lot of russian . 
  yes, 
  not being screwed when we want to negotiate a free trade agreements with a bigger country . 
  not being invaded by a bigger country without repercussion . 
  impose our norm of production to other countries . 
  even if we are not a federation being a syndicate of european country should be enough . 
  because now our mature market , our dying population , our underfunded army , our systematical alignment to the us , our inability to really cooperate make all our country irrelevant . 
  well there was sometime between the independance and the secession . 
  the secession war was the true creation of the us as a country . 
  i just hope that we will not have to go to war against the v4 + uk + austria for this kind of disagreement . 
  any way we will not loose this time because we have germany and italy on our side . 
  ho wait ( just hope we will switch to the winning side at the right time ), 
  well we are secular too . 
  you were supposed to be secular to if you did n't swear on the old god and the new one each time you pass into a court and with the '' in god we trust '' . 
  there are only a few secular country most of them are christian, 
  the funny thing is that you did n't begin this war, 
  not really the union if you want to integrate it further will not be able to run only with concensus . 
  if you want it to have a weight against us russia and china it should be able to weight in the inside . 
  just being a collection of countries will make the union useless without cooperation . 
  not a historian but try to answer ( it is probably flawed ) . 
  there was several call to unite the germans state and a there was a competition between the prussian and the austrian.the austrian wanted a great germany with every german and of course being the strongest german country will make the habsburg defacto and dejure king of germany . 
  the prussian wanted a little germany the actual map + a little bit of poland they formed a power full union to counter the austrian and the french . 
  the second choice was taken by war and german was born . 
  the separation was totally acted in the 50s during the ally occupation of austria ( 4 area uk , us , fr , cccp ) the same as germany ) . 
  the austrian wanted their independance and they swear to remain neutral , to keep fighting about nationalist ( nazi ) and to never reunite with the german and they sign it . 
  no imo as long as no harm is done to other people , citizen should be free to do watever they want . 
  as much as i would want the state to impose my view and my taste to the entire world this is not the job of the state . 
  a state is here to protect the people , regulate the market and give some services ( health care ... ) . 
  doing more would be a abuse of the government power and would ineffective . 
  yes but remember neither paris and calais are a british city . 
  you did n't get what i said . 
  i did n't mean that staying at home is bad . 
  i will take my family exemple . 
  my father is currently providing income for our family . 
  we have great life and i considere myself as a upper middle class.for some reason we could n't save up for buying a house and now my father is sick . 
  my mother who never really work will outlive my father and there is a huge chance that ( if i was n't there ) she will live in poverty . 
  this is the core of the problem and a choice at the same time . 
  if one member of the family live with the income of the other he become to dependant of the other . 
  without talking about the money bringer death , it become harder to divorce . 
  a lot of abusive family work like that . 
  and finally i personally know that it is better for my wife to have a live for herself . 
  tldr a stay at home wife ( or even husband ) have really too much incovenient and in the long term will bring more pain to every one in the family . 
  again this not a feminist agenda but it hit really close to home . 
  seriously if you really want a stay at home wife , i will not juge you , do n't make a contract ( in case of divororce ) , begin to save for a life insurance and buy a house or have more than 2 child ( one will never be enough to pay for her life later ) . 
  making the best choice is up to you . 
  what i understand of this is that this family is how a family should be for the afd . 
  this family is not bad in itself and it probably look like a lot of great family in europe . 
  the problem is when you want to impose this family view on other people who does n't fit . 
  without taking about how blond they are , we can just say that a family with a father and a mother is not the only form of family anymore . 
  of course there is more homosexual but they are more divorced too . 
  the stay at home mother is an example too of some kind of backwardness , i will not say some kind of bullshit about sexism but , the fact that only the father provide to the family is a problem ( if the father disapeer the mother may finish her life as a poor woman ) only people with a good kapital can afford it . 
  tldr : this model is a good for those who want it . 
  but we should n't impose it to other people in the society ( some ca n't afford it , other do n't want it ), 
  sound more like a body transplantation . 
  fun fact l'international is a french poem written during a french failed revolution , the commune de paris , by eugene poitter in 1871 . 
  it will turn into a song later by pierre degeyter ( 1888 ), 
  if i remember well hitler option to relocate the jews was somewhere in asian russia , palestine and madagascar . 
  the fact that the war against the brit and the russian take so much time was is main reason to begin the final solution . 
  but the israel that hitler supported looked more like a jail that the israel we currently have . 
  i use one . 
  i have a lot of local girl who want to have sex with me.i must send them money before . 
  still waiting the moment when they will arm those drone, 
  well i guess we know who will be our next socialist candidate . 
  french being french, 
  a muezzin should be enough, 
  scientist are still trying to figure out were western european women come from , 
  well thats good to hear . 
  thank you . 
  and seriously you should solve the problem of porto rico one day or another , 
  time have change . 
  every single oversee territory have been asked if they want to stay french ( except nouvelle caledonia and their referendum is next year ) . 
  every one of them made it clear that they want to stay french when the builder of the 5th republic de gaulle make a general r\u00e9f\u00e9rendum for all the french colonies who wanted it . 
  we learn from algeria . 
  there is no occupied land anymore they are all french and european citizen . 
  if you still believe that we are a occupation force search how many true independentist party exist and how many vote they have ( again new caledonia will have their r\u00e9f\u00e9rendum next year and the results is that they will want the status quo ) . 
  that being said because you probably know nothing of france and our overseas ( where i come from ) - departement d'outremer guyane , martinique , guadeloupe , mayotte ( they vote to become our 101 d\u00e9partement 2years ago ) r\u00e9union ( no native there ) . 
  only those have the same rule as the m\u00e9tropole . 
  - the oversee territory vote for staying french but they wanted \u00e0 r\u00e9gional ex\u00e9cutive . 
  the rule are differents . 
  their law are diff\u00e9rent as long as they want it.if they want to leave they can if they want further integration they can too . 
  and there is no difference between french in every part of the planet according to the law . 
  damn that 's new and weird, 
  you foreigner have no word to say about what is part of france and what is not part of france . 
  if you like it or not is not our problem . 
  we do n't bitch around talking about porto rico being part of the us or not , i hope you will do the same . 
  and yes alger , oran and constantine was three french department . 
  yep i just hope you will come back before winter or the ~ ~ white ~ ~ red walker will get you .
