  kurdistan is almost a state now . 
  turkey is not a theocracy . 
  they read the only one, 
  because turkish master race \u2260 filthy other muslim, 
  petroleum is the core of this problem . 
  we have more than 3 month , the state of emergency will more likely be extended until summer, 
  paris \u00cele de france ? 
  white, 
  * eusasr or e'us ` sr, 
  they are ally nevertheless, 
  faster than turkey at least, 
  well florida without florida 's men . 
  if only something like that could happen in france ;(, 
  because everything begin with a discussion i will create a subreddit for it . 
  so how can we begin ? 
  someone have a idea ? 
  every french people is born with a guillotine . 
  i am not a nationalist i do n't trust any vague world like nation . 
  that being said i believe there is two type of nation state : the first one where a nation create a state : germany , italy , greece and eastern europe . 
  where the concept of appartenance to some sort of common culture existed before the existance of the state . 
  the second one where the state create a nation . 
  every settler country , ex colony in africa and middle east and even france . 
  there are country were national identity did n't match culture groups , nation was build with negation of other identity . 
  europe on that matter is not unique india was a country with several different identity that have never been united before . 
  close to it atleast . 
  but because my family loose everything after the decolonisation ( my father 's family was a settler in french magreb ) , i ca n't trust gaulism and anybody who believe that they can lead a country without its people . 
  we could compromise and make a european nationalist party . 
  * with liberalism in the european level and protectionism at the world level . 
  * we can protect the external border and we keep shengen . 
  * eu army and end of the automatic alignment with us * trying to get a constitution with a clear separation of power . 
  with a strong central government on some aspect and a unenvolved on other say . 
  * defining clearly what is and is not european ( value , territory and other stuff ) . 
  * building a national myth , national common culture ( without forgetting the existence of local culture ) * other shit nationalist love so much . 
  i am a liberal socialist ( a black guy from the french oversea region , currently living on one of the most right leaning region ) and my vision for the union is clearly different from the nationalist . 
  but we ca n't ignore that a huge part of the population want to be protected from globalist . 
  the only choice they have is between a globalist union or a weak but sovereign nation . 
  i think it would be safer for the european project to allow and promote the existence of a party who keep the common goal of a european project but in every other aspect would look like a nationalist party . 
  the choice of the voter will then be globalist parties , europeans but nationalist party and sovereignist parties . 
  of course it could open the road to a european trump or hitler but atleast european will not be on constant treat to disapear in relevancy . 
  it may even scale down nationalist party on local and national level . 
  they do n't really need to win the election they just need to exist on the political spectrum and be a attractive enough option for the nationalist to accept the idea of a european union . 
  it is better to choose and tailor your enemy than to be imposed one . 
  of course this party must be a serious one not something common people would consider a toy for the intelligenzia feel free to correct my typo and my analyse . 
  edit : by the way instead of downvoting or upvoting , comment on why this is or is not a good idea . 
  lack of discussion between two camp is the main reason we end up with this mess . 
  edit2 : because r/europe is not a place for such discussion , and some people seems interested , not by a far right groups but by a sovereignist pan european movement . 
  we should discuss it elsewere . 
  edit 3 : i just made this sub if you are interested r/alter _ europa . 
  we must let r/europe propaganda free . 
  we have a two round election . 
  and a possibility of cohabitation if the parliament is with a different color than the president . 
  if there is cohabitation it will be a weird situation were lepen will have no say on domestic issue and the prime minister ( probably republican ) can challenge the president on international issue ( 2 head of state for one country ) . 
  lepen will still have power over the army . 
  if she want to control the country she must have the win both presidential election round , the parliament and the senate then she will need to have the majority of vote at the constitutional court . 
  if she want to change constitution she will need 2/3 of the seat on both chamber or to call a referendum ( which can be revoked by the constitutinal court ) . 
  * 4 rounds, 
  til scramble for africa and colonisation of america was during medieval time . 
  not gon na give them french nationality . 
  for them it will be a colony . 
  nope we always do our revolutions when every thing is calm . 
  the french ambassador in washington totally did n't congratulate trump . 
  * disability, 
  nope it will never happen . 
  for le pen to win the election she must have the majority in the first round . 
  if she ca n't do that she will have to face the republican front and every republican party ( from the republican right ( christian catholic ) to the far left ) will vote for the candidate against the national front . 
  true putin atleast would know were belgium is . 
  #putin 2016, 
  we do n't need flag to know who is french in the room . 
  you just need to yell that paris is the best city in france , the one who watch you with disgust if french . 
  nice is currently first in the french premier ligue above monaco and the psg, 
  this is how \u00e0 country is built . 
  there is no god or bad in it . 
  be happy , i end up with london and paris . 
  and efficient, 
  there is atleast 1500km of difference between nice and scotland . 
  you are not really good with map . 
  coming from \u00e0 highway for german troops this is pretty offensive, 
  nope we did that before . 
  this is what we do destroying other culture . 
  yes like any nazi occupied country, 
  you will have to bribe your way up to became important enough to be bribed . 
  because arabs do more organized crime . 
  generally when crime is well organized escape is well organized too . 
  yes there was innocent who were accused , tortured and killed . 
  but if the guy came before the war , and was a known good man there was little reason to chase him . 
  every alsacian became french again . 
  every non alsacian german who did n't take position during and before the war was let alone . 
  of course wehrmart \u2122 people , and every german who came as a conqueror during the war had to leave . 
  we had a huge purge right after the liberation . 
  the vandetta was caried every were by true resistant and people eager to show that they are true french.of course nearly every one could have been suspected.if someone hated you they just needed to accuse you . 
  this lead to a lot of witch hunt , paranoia and extra judiciary execution . 
  this was solved by the french way : if the true history do n't match the ideology we just need to change history . 
  every french with the exception of a `` evil minority '' was partisant . 
  and the evil minority was trialed for treason . 
   sounds totally french to me this is exactly what ** every ** alsacian said to the french anti collaboration police after the defeat of the nazi . 
  they are reactionary ? 
  are you saying that wine is no healthy ?????? 
  iceland = islande ( in french ), 
  french federalist, 
  that mean everyone in europe except russia , turkey , iceland , norway and england .
