  but in my opinion it is due to 3 factors : first factor true antis\u00e9mitisme ( from the far right , the far left ( who stay constant ) and new kind of antis\u00e9mitisme from the muslim . 
  second factor rise of the parano\u00efa in the community . and the last the propaganda from israel ( they want to take the french jewish ) . the attack are just the trigger of this rise . 
  even soviet russia , nazi germany and comunist china are not able to stop terrorist in their own territory.more antiterrorist law will not stop any cunthead to take a car and run over the crowd . 
  we can.but no matter what we do they will still stay afraid . 
  insecurity feeling is what make them go not real insecurity . 
  i saw that in the news earlier : old lady who complain about insecurity , delinquency and robbery . 
  when the reporter ask if this happened to them , they said no . 
  but they know someone to whom this as happened . 
  nothing never happened to them but they are afraid . 
  what we have to face is not a rise in insecurity but a rise in sensitivity.ps we had terrorist before with the corsican , algerian , kanak , basque independentist , far right and far left militant . 
  with the islamist the media talk like we never faced this kind of threat before . 
  `` accidentally '', 
  refugee are not illegal . 
  if they really are war or political refugee they have the right to cross border until they met a safe country . 
  we will accept you in the union only if you converse to christianity and change your name for byzantine empire.in this condition we may accept a total annexations of greece and the balkan.ps your capital should be constantinople, 
  so transnistria is a official country or not ? 
  against the turk, 
  one post about kosovo all comment are about serbia, 
  yes our best tv channel is half german, 
  technically only iranian are aryan . 
  if pristina have this kind of decoration i ca n't imagine what their capital must have, 
  unilaterally drawing border are a western tradition.we all know that we do n't need to know the native before making a country . 
  tradition, 
  i think even hitler have n't done evil nazi thing during the first part of his mandate . 
  the risk is not a direct application of borderline program . 
  the real risk is the upmanship after the end of the `` political correctness '' among the population . 
  it happen often in history . 
  a extremist government is elected with big promise . 
  the elector have high expectation . 
  the ruler realize that they ca n't keep their promise because : - it is unconstitutional or impossible for a democraty then they will try to pass a changement of constitution . 
  - their promise are irrealistic then they will blame minority , another social class , a conspiration or another country for their failures then they just need to get rid of this groups . 
  this will still be 10 years in front of you.damn this is what i like with our relation with the britt . 
  when we feel decadent , irrelevant and weak we just have to look to each other 's country to feel superior . 
  you know kid get bullied for anything . 
  first they come to save belgium . 
  the second time they were hugely helped by their future overlord . 
  thank you, 
  we still hate the britt though, 
  uk will isolate itself make it look like they fight all the war.so it will be basically germany russia, 
  liberty , equality , fraternity ( of course ) but also secularism , solidarity democracy , and cooperation, 
  french here because you are our only friend in europe . 
  a fight between uk france russia and germany ? 
  what could go wrong, 
  i prefer this way . 
  well if this happen switzerland would have a coast . 
  good deal.next switzerland and canada, 
  regularly ? 
  that 's interesting.and the official speak in spanish or in occitan ? 
  because here in nice france even in remoted village we do n't hear nissart often . 
  nobody speak occitan aside from school regional course and very old people, 
  `` they stole our human job '' extremist party in europe in 50 years, 
  not safe for dream ? 
  they were as italian as the d\u00e9partement of alpe maritme thought . 
  the only difference is that the alpe chain defense is not as good as the mediterranean sea and the terrorist attack against the french retired migrant invasion . 
  it 's true that she quote the general.but the point still stand . 
  if we put it in context france was struggling during the algerian war and the fall of the colonial empire was near the only part who had stay was the white catholic french metropole and some little island . 
  the france of 1959 and the france of 2015 are not the same by the idea , by the constitution and by is composition . 
  nadine morano loose the support of the les republicain president nicolas sarkozy which mean the party and a huge part of the right.of course she was already hated by the left.by addition a huge part of the political landscape was against her.the question of if the politician point of view correspond to the people point of view can be asked . 
  the answer is simple first we have the politician than we elect so they kinda correspond to the voter choice . 
  second politician are opinion whore if saying that `` there is no francais de souche '' is better at their voters view than `` the francais de souche exist '' then or people do n't care or people agree . 
  tldr : people opinion = its complicated, 
  if you accept the principle of the french republic : liberty , laicity , equality , fraternity , the human right , enlightenment and hate for the british , yes you can be french . 
  this what you need to integrate here . 
  for my information what is this difference ? 
  does the concept of russian minority in eastern european country is linked to one of this category ? 
  and finally does there are exemple of groups of people who are part of one and not of the other ? 
  it seems that in the russian federation there is more than one nationality . 
  there ethnicity is tied with nationality . 
  there are and this is why they vote nationalist, 
  the idee that there is no `` francais de souche '' is really popular here in france . 
  1 month ago when a conservator politician ( nadine morano ) said that france is a white race and catholic country she loose all her party support . 
  this question is more popular in r/europe than in france . 
  monarchist was the pure blood we fight against, 
  art is not a product.even if it have a price , it can be sold . if art is only a product it should n't be subsidised.but art is more a common good who help to the well being of the humanity . 
  first : my answer was not serious . 
  second : the national front have a lot of far right extremist in they rank , the purge touch only the most visible and the big mouth . 
  third : there are litteraly national socialist not nazi they want a social welfare reserved to national.the problem is their definition of who are french ? 
  `` francais de souche '' the born french from a old french family ? 
  the french national with second and third born citizen ? 
  the white catholic metropolitain french ? 
  they are not clear about this and their definition change every time . 
  and fourth : if they want to have the power they need to look the cleaner possible . 
  if they ca n't do this their party will be banned.they keep the nazi rethoric without the call to violence . 
  and finaly : yes there is no processus of them going nazi and yes this is true they go in the opposite sens but this party have a lot of current and i am not sure that after their election the moderate will still be the dominant . 
  yet, 
  seems legit, 
  i might be blind but were is it wrighten that they do n't have data for somalia, 
  and the three next one ? 
  `` whoever does not miss the soviet union has no heart . 
  whoever wants it back has no brain . '', 
  - vladimir putin, 
  in french too . 
  we use two term for this agriculture for plant and \u00e9levage for animals, 
  it look bigger in the inside, 
  there is only one nationality in france and it is french . 
  breton , corsican , parisian , polynesian and mahorais are all french.ethnicity may be different . 
  russian have more than one nationality . 
  why the downvote i just said that according to the french constitution only the french citizenship exist . 
  a sixteen years old girl marrying a seventeen years old boy can be considered as child marriage, 
  and then there is circlejerk,
