  i feel that those event ( who again need to be harshly punished ) and the public backlash against known and delimited population `` the priest '' `` the muslim '' `` the indian '' are a way to externalise something present inside of our society as well . 
  no i think that every population have a significant number of rappist . 
  other parameter than religion may lead to rape than religion and culture . 
  i agree they are not mutually exclusive . 
  and even more we should punish those rappist ( refuse the application for the migrant , or jailing those priest ) . 
  but one is seen as the exception `` some priest '' and the other are seen as the majority the middle eastern culture . 
  those event make us forget that the vast majority of rappist are inside the family and friend circle . 
  this is why we should denounce those crime by knowing that every large society have a significant number of rapist.and sadly a lot of them will never see a jail in they live because of pressure on the victim . 
  at least with catholic children/s, 
  we should send them back to vatican city and put a wall around them . 
  i am the only one to think that it was to convenient that an act like this happened in germany ? 
  i know that rape happen in refugee camp.rape of european by asylums seeker probably happen too . 
  but a massive groupe rape in front of cctv camera with people yelling that they are syrian refugee ? 
  it look staged i might be wrong but if i wanted to give a bad view of refugee i would do it this way . 
  if i was really a rapist i would not like to drew this much attention , here they look like provocation . 
  we should not let those priest in europe , they are rapping our children . 
  damn christian religion / s ps . 
  now can we take back all those stupid article who link middle eastern culture with rape ? 
  so much lebensraum, 
  imo we should say that every thing from the oural to france is part of europe . 
  any country who have a land in europe can be considered as european . 
  therefore russia and turkey are european and asian . 
  they should not have to choose witch continent they are if they are in both . 
  turkey , singapour , marocco , algeria , tunisia and albania ? 
  the muslim world is wide it goes from the ou\u00efghour region of china to the mauritanian coast.the bigest muslim country is indonesia and the smallest is singapore . 
  when we talk about islam we talk about the failure in the middle east and not about the rest of the islamic world . 
  and if they die from eating unhealthy cities pigeon . 
  migrant numbers regulation check, 
  one day we will have the queen, 
  it will be hell . 
  but you know ? 
  whether you chose in or out we will still hate you . 
  well we still have jews gypsy and muslim . 
  we have enough scape goat for a century . 
  an independence war from moonborn tired to be comanded by earthlings . 
  the first spatial war . 
  we will have colonies again yeah !!!, 
  ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ could ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ wrong, 
  he might hate american people, 
  not for us, 
  this is not a love your neighbor bullshits . 
  i will not hate those guy . 
  hating them is what they want . 
  making an exception to them is giving them a victory . 
  isis is a terrorist group , they run on international recognitions . 
  i prefer to let them die in the anonymity of a normal cell than to make a `` martyr '' . 
  the very basis of human right is that every human even the worst have them . 
  it may sound naive to say that but if we begun to choose to whom human right will be applied , we will not be better that those pighead . 
  except the russian, 
  with the voice of someone who refuse to accept is error : he probably have forgotten a coma . 
  the future for this region is brighter than you seems to think . 
  they need time to heal their wound and calm their hatred . 
  kosovo weird situation will end . 
  and in the future their application to nato and eu will end the possibility of war . 
  ( except with the russian ), 
  how is the political situation in kosovo now ? 
  serbia is a really beautiful country, 
  america is very lucky to have such state . 
  eurocorps, 
  should we ban your ban on banning thing too ? 
  she kept her promise today.she is not a senatrice anymore, 
  if we are not in the union there is no way that bruxelle can enforce their law / s, 
  for the catalan nationalist it look like mordor . 
  of course there is a problem with our justice system . 
  there is two school one who want harsh punition and the other who want an educational justice both work.but here we have harsh law but we do n't enforce them . 
  my solution is letting the justice do is job . 
  arrest the responsible for the two attack . 
  and stoping to assemble every poor of the city in the same place . 
  if we gather all the miserable , hopeless and poor in the same place it is normal that those kind of stupid act happen . 
  we have to destroy this ugly `` cit\u00e9 '' and relocate them in a way that they can be mixed to the rest of the population . 
  this and maybe some kind of civic service to accentuate the effect . 
  but this kind of decision are expensive and will upset a lot of people . 
  even that will not be enough . 
  this will reduce the problem but not bring it to the end . 
  i do n't trust the people who have the easy solution who will solve every thing quickly . 
  i am a pragmatist . 
  i only see in term of gain and lost for the nation . 
  what i see is some group of people who want to end the peaceful equilibre between the different community in corsica ( and i do n't even talk about the people who attack the mosque ) . if peace end there will be consequence not only for the muslim but for every minority in corsica and non corsican french are a part to . 
  if for the greatest good we avoid civil war by letting the justice do it work i am ok . 
  is delusional to think that private vengeance only bring more violence and retaliation ? 
  if tomorrow we let them drive out the muslim what message will we send to the other minority like the non corsican french ? 
  sorry some nationalist said only corsican can live here . 
  prepare you to be the next . 
  how do you know that it was muslim did?does the imam ask for it ? 
  even if he does do you truly think that it will be listened ? 
  in the same way , assuming that you are christian , if the local priest ask to kill every non catholic would you listen ? 
  no because you are a intelligent human being with a free will then why muslim would n't be like that . 
  french muslim do n't give a fuck about what happens abroad . 
  if thoose pighead attack those fire fighters is because they old a grudge against the state more deep that some ineffective decision far away . 
  i take for example the different riot who happened in 2005 in france in the cite was it because of foreign policy ? 
  we choose this standard because they are the one who bring the more civil peace.it is always possible to return 100 years or 700 years before making stupid policy on jewish , protestant and muslim policy . 
  but it will only bring a disaster , pain and violence . 
  are you implying that the day before the incident the imam ordered all the muslim ( child and old people too ) of this area to attack the firefighter ? 
  if it is not the case then why punish all the believer for the crime of some presumed member . 
  no not again.you have n't learn anything since the first world war ?? 
  especially other muslim, 
  i do n't know if this is the case here but imagine someone hiding from the mafia , an opposant running away from an hostile government or the nazi fleeing from the mossad for them the country the further they are from home safer they will live . 
  i totally agree . 
  the `` foreign '' factor plus the mediatic coverage is what make this situation unbearable for a lot of people.and the fact that this is not bounded to a territory or an ethnicity is more terrifying too . 
  it is true.there was massive \u00e9migration even before 2011 .
