  the first meaning is stoping to practice ( and probably to believe ) and it is authorized . 
  the second is cutting tie with islam and it is forbidden ( people think that it is some kind of treason because this mean leaving the muslim solidarity ) . 
  but this probably change a lot with who you ask . 
  yes like the amish , any sect and of course the guetto we offer as de facto home to any people ( poor ) who enter to our country . 
  seriously who fought that putting poor people with the same background together was a good idea . 
  how having a birth rate under the reproduction norm ( of two child per women ) will make us instinct ? 
  i do n't know if it is a troll or not . 
  nice french riviera : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/04/ad/f5/04adf52fad0d12fbaf8566120e8e5293.jpg they look really pompous and heavy dressed for a land blessed all the years by the sun . 
  i guess this is just a ceremonial cloth . 
  http://lavieanice.canalblog.com/images/t-costulme_traditionnel.jpg i wonder wich country is the closest ? 
  the occitan traditional cloth or the piemontese . 
  guy look like weird lutin http://ekladata.com/ff8r_ki5-k9ptnpmfwnsljp3efc.jpg, 
  then why for bringing peace in europe after ww2 the first thing the us do was a marshall plan . 
  a just retaliation to ww2 would be a 2nd versaille treaty because the german would n't learn by other mean . 
  i do n't like the idea of destroing any book . 
  this is the place were no body go.and nobody return . 
   this place is filled with little village with few habitant . 
  they do n't have enough to advertise and they do n't have enough infrastructure . 
  a lot of place ( castle , monument , old church ) are underfunded . 
  but those place are more authentic and gorgeous . 
  they suffer from a youth exode and the house there are cheaper . 
  the void diagonal is under rated . 
  the central r\u00e9gion of france have more castle than tourist . 
  exit : castel =  castle , 
  wood, 
  yes, 
  this mean you are optimist enough to see this working a couple of weeks . 
  more seriously i am really curious to see how it will put in action . 
  were did he buy this gun . 
  if is gun have not been build in hungary it probably cross the loose border shengen . 
  if a gun can pass , a bomb can pass to . 
  and if a gun and a bomb can easily be in the great hungarian country it will probably fall in the hand of a gang of foreigner ( who are rapist , killer and mulslim ) , a lunatic and crazy guy ( who can be foreigner and muslim ) or a refugee probably a muslim but totally a terrorist invader, 
  yep and that one people call the police this time edit : he ask someone to hide him and this person betray him, 
  and close enough of the foreign l\u00e9gion to let some accident happen, 
  the only thing impeaching us to return to the preww2 situation is the mutual economic and monetary interdependence between european countries . 
  in the 30s something more dangerous than populist existed the currency war , the rise of comunism ( the end of private property was something really scary ) , and the protectionism ( especially on vital ressource like food , steel and coal ) . 
  all of them are damageable enough to a lead a country to war . 
  yes it is the biggest issue with the nuclear energy . 
  the waste are dangerous for the environment we have to burry it for thousands year before it loose it radioactivity . 
  but if we compare it with it alternative petrol and coal this is less dirty . 
  it can be used as a transition to a more efficient green energy in the middle and long term, 
  i am ok with that if we have a energy union with common norm and budget and a pan european authority ( minister ) who watch and rule on the application of those norm . 
  nuclear energy can be one of the cleanest and safest type of energy but it can be very dangerous in the hand of a corrupt government . 
  for me the risk would be to lower the norm and extend indefinitely the central activity because it is to expensive to build a new one . 
  and the second risk is that country who sell energy have political power over the country who buy energy . 
  for the ukrainian it is probably the russian, 
  monaco is the only jews friendly country in the world . 
  slavic , and some guy from the neighborhood , republic of macedonia, 
  the slavic republic of macedonia could be a good name for this country . 
  it link the identity of the people slave to the identity of the land that they are currently occupying macedonia . 
  no it is not on the rise . 
  we have just stop to throw stones at them and they do n't need to hide anymore . 
  two possibilities : - the union fall and the eurozone remain . 
  the euro zone will replace the union and they will seek a closer union with only `` willing '' member . 
  - the eurozone fall because bigger country return to their old currency . 
  if they manage to reassure the market it will stop there . 
  if they ca n't they will have to lock their currency to a stronger currency probably the dollar or make a new monetary union . 
  having a international currency is a deadly trap for weak country , because they will never be able return to the way they were before . 
  it is hard for a lot of countries to gain the trust of first the market and second the consumer . 
  if the euro fall fast there will be a situation were there will be two currency , the dollar and the new currency . following the monetary law only the strong will survive it will higher the inflation and weaken the new currency . 
  country will have to lock their currency to the stronger currency available the dollar . 
  or to ask the fed to directly use the dollar as the countries currency . 
  sorry i am just a student and i tried my best to find with my current knowledge every possible outcome . 
  all of this are just economic theory it does n't take account how politician will react . 
  if they said only lobbyisme my european mind will think directly to the nra and say that this is bad and this mean trowing in the drain all those environmental association , consumer association , labor union and other stuff who make a majority of the lobbyist . 
  true daesh are football fan too , you ca n't put them in the same basket that those scum . 
  yeah no war extermination war happened / s, 
   the only real way to do this is to close down the syrian conflict the only real way to do this is to close down the middle east petrol market, 
  the funny thing with your comment is , regardless of which side of political spectrum , you are right . 
  it cost me a arm and a leg to learn this, 
   close all of them . 
  but if all road lead to rome , you are suggesting to make a italian blockade ? 
  the same orifice people use to count the number of foreigner in their country . 
  for the financiary part we have more euro regulation . 
  it was put in application this year . 
  and the ecb can now do some qe ( depend of the situation ) . 
  i should cancel my vacation to mauritius and azerbaijan ? 
  i prefer to think this is some sort of trial and error . 
  crisis happen we solve it until the next crisis . 
  each crisis will kill us or make us stronger if we survive . 
  india , russian and china . 
  empire still exist in our modern world, 
  to confuse people even more ? 
  - unified european border control . 
  - euroministers of finance ( and investment ) , ecology , defense/security , energy , budget . 
  - states relation judge ( included in some kind of european court ) : they will have to rules when there is tension between two eurostate . 
  for problems like tax avoidance , unpaid fine ( by someone from a other eurostate ) , welfare problem and finally when a state decision have bad consequences on ~ ~ another member state ~ ~ eurostate . 
  - europresident elected by european wide election every 7 years ( not extensible ) . 
  - ~ ~ european patent ~ ~ done - euro citizen can run on every official election . 
  euro citizen can vote only after 5years of residence . 
  - euro wide media . 
  some are tourist . 
  a bigger part are french with african background . 
  if the reverse happen ? 
  some of them . 
  it is really funny when they forget to cut it in class . 
  thank, 
  it was not a argument . 
  i just really want to know what would happen if every phone ring in the same time . 
  imagine the noise it would be if 1out of ten smart phone in the city start ringing in the same time,
