  the one in red is probably the brit and the white probably the rus edit i was wrong, 
  in nordic country weapon save people . 
  i think that they still can ban them at a individual level, 
  thanks, 
  it would be fun to see her trying to be smugled to calais from douvre . 
  i hope both of them stay there . 
  and take the grand pa too . 
  sources foxnews, 
  the jews live in the northern neighborhood of marseille ? 
  french jew vote like any other french . 
  well the jews and muslims community do n't often live in the same neighborhood . 
  i am not even sure that a lot of people know who it is . 
  hahahahaha no, 
  the funny thing is that our pr\u00e9sident has already given \u00e0 ipad for every middle schooler of his r\u00e9gion . 
  the other half is just too afraid to answer, 
  well war vocabulary , war vocabulary never changes, 
  why are you thinking that he was once socialist ? 
  he is and has always been a social liberal . 
  it is just that if you want to be elected you need to say funny thing people agree with . 
  catapult industry, 
  boat industry, 
  wall industry , someone as to build this wall . 
  i do n't get it, 
  nah they will still be christian.maybe after the end of christianism in africa and south america . 
  maybe after the end of the vatican . 
  maybe after the last catholic pope . 
  maybe then they will think about legalise gay marriage . 
  i am not sure that the union asked sweden to take that many refugee . 
  even if it does it is up to their politician to accept . 
  someone can explain me what `` facial '' mean.internet ruined me and i think that googling `` facial definition '' will lead me to weird or nasty place . 
  omg this is so amazing , i will start giving it more attention, 
  you can talk about ideology , who the killer is an why he kill them but in the end of the day people die . 
  terrorist kill people . 
  none of it is acceptable , no matter the reason . 
  if terrorist from the left , to the right passing by the ecologist and the islamist , choose to take a weapon it is for only political gain . 
  islamist attack because they want to send a message . 
  it was the same thing with breiviks . 
  you know that the radical nationalist are bloody . 
  they would kill any body who disagree with them ( if they had the mean ) and it would be in the end of the day the same suffering . 
  this is why every community who try to spread violence must be forbidden . 
  it remind me about christin boutin , leader of our last christian party , who went veiled to iran to make a conference against gay marriage . 
  french politician do n't need coherence . 
  i do n't trust you . 
  if they are on the left they are communist . 
  socialist is the trojan horse of stalin , mao and polpot . 
  of course they will say that they are not communist it serve to lower your guard and when they will outnumber the christian they will turn the continent into urss or north korea . 
  are you saying that a vocal , visible and violent minority is able to delegitimize a group of peaceful people . 
  no it is because they are leftist that they are violent . 
  they want to impose their view on the society . 
  you can read in their manifest that they want to impose a dictature and stole everybody 's property . 
  you can see how it turned in eastern europe . 
  socialism is not in the christian core value of europe . 
  it would be fun to see all the kingdom of commonwealth trying to join the union and leave ~ ~ england ~ ~ uk alone and outside . 
  only for that i support the membership of canada , new zealand , australia and scotland . 
  i wonder if bachar will agree to the formation of such state, 
  let 's find a name for the first european lunar base . 
  there are both left wing movement, 
  erdogan in bruxelles ? 
  tell them that they are safe because we can only invade country outside of the union . 
  it is not like they plan to leave us right ? 
  right ? 
  rightt ? 
  look like some greek mythology.every years 6 children must be given to the catholic church in exchange of the european protection . 
  it is cool as long that every saturday you read and understand what you are voting for . 
  they become gay terrorist and they push their gay agenda into our little and innocent childreen troat . 
  this is how you become gay . 
  and i not even talking about gender . 
  nuclear family ? 
  we have some guy in the north who would be happy to cross ~ ~ the british channel ~ ~ la manche and hug them . 
  anchovies make them salty . 
  oignon make them sweet . 
  honestly it is really tasty . 
  we give more that we receive . 
  how iq can be useful ? 
  do n't want to make a argument . 
  just curious . 
  how ? 
  iq will be unhelpful but asking for a personality test and the criminal record will be really good . 
  it depends wich refugee ? 
  what job they had ? 
  have they a family ? 
  did they live in a occidental country before ? 
  how religious they are ? 
  can they speak a european languages ? 
  how many time would they need to be financiary independent?what is the economic , demographic and social situation of the host country ? 
  there is no clear cut . 
  and without forgetting to say that they can be good and bad in the same time . 
  the best way to stop a bad guy with a pointed stick is to have a good guy with automatic gun . 
  this is why we should all have a automatic gun, 
  i know that when i was young i call it this way . 
  the name is similar and if you are not a fundamentalist nicois it should be fine . 
  thank you, 
  nice here in the french riviera we have the r\u00e9cipe in french : http://www.supertoinette.com/recette/2204/pissaladiere-nicoise.html recipe : http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/pissaladiere-recipe.html even if this is not \u00e0 pizza this is the closest think that look like pizza . 
  we need \u00e0 reason to annex \u00e0 country ? 
  hon hon hon hon, 
  french value of justice is a relic . 
  every body like it but like the revolutionary goal it mean nothing today . 
  too long did n't care, 
  damn gypsy look really fabulous . 
  i indeed like dancing but like every thing in life there is social background and personal choice .
