  syrizia try to negotiate . 
  the grexit camp strengthen in europe . 
  because they voted no . 
  tsipras , who could have default or leave the eurozone at any point , give up against the growing risk of grexit and accept the austerity . 
  he asked for a confidence vote about austerity , the new bailout and they accepted it . 
  i tried my best to be factual . 
  here is my opinion the simple fact that they accepted the new bailout mean that they did n't want the grexit . 
  if they wanted to leave they just had to vote no to the new bail out . 
  they would then be driven out ( like the strong austerity camp wanted ) and they would default . 
  ( this may sound bad but this what would have happened anyway if they quited the eurozone of their own ) . 
  this whole crisis was about ending the austerity and without leaving the union . 
  the fact that varoufakis made a new european party and anti austerity is step in this way . 
  http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/16/poll-7-in-10-greeks-want-the-euro-at-any-cost/ http://en.protothema.gr/73-percent-of-greeks-want-euro-according-to-poll/ http://m.rte.ie/news/2015/0705/712733-greece/ http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn0s12nn20151007 http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jul/21/greece-europe-britain-eurozone-crisis-eu-workers, 
  just kidding we are hated by everyone . 
  source eurovision . 
  probably the first relevant eu country, 
  syriza is pro-euro they are just anti-austerity, 
  they were not forced to stay against their will , the reason greek they took the hard path is because they wanted to stay ( other nation `` wanted '' a grexit ) . 
  stop taking you fuking isolationist desire for the opinion of the majority . 
  politician use germany and european union as a scapegoat when they try to hide their flaw . 
  decolonization wars , the year 1968 , and the iron curtain . 
  each of this event force europeans nation to define themselves and choose their identity . 
  the massive immigration is one of them but not the worst ( imo it is the iron curtain but it may be different for everyone ) . 
  twelve hungry men, 
  nan it is ok we ~ ~ like ~ ~ hate you to . 
  sorry but we prefer brother germany . 
  french too, 
  why not the inverse we threaten uk to accept them with our military . 
  this is way easier . 
  oh no we do n't because we respect your sovereignty , so please do the same with us armchair general . 
  in france the left does the centers and far rights job better than them . 
  they just have forgotten that they are leftist . 
  but if it concern voting security law , nationality striping , repression they does it better . 
  we include only the willing . 
  it seems that for some country we are the worst dictature ever, 
  human right are irreducible . 
  even the worst genocidal cunt have them . 
  this is a really funny way to spell ultraconservative dictatorship . 
  he say something borderline , he have a german flair . 
  he must be a nazi , burn him !!!!, 
  does america had the support of international community ? 
  how many veto was made ? 
  how many time did they last in the region ? 
  and did they punish the warmonger in the golf country ? . 
  it was full of nationalist , concervatist and uncultured nutcase . 
  i do n't think that giving 10 billion will help the region . 
  they need military presence from the un ( this mean not only us and eu it should not look like a western occupation it need to include country like brasil china indonesia india and russia ) , a international protectorate for just 20 years ( enough to give them knowledge about democracy , liberty and human rights , enough to reassure them that we will not stay here forever ) and a union like the european union ( they need to include iran ) . 
  if region like europe until 1945 , balkan after the end of the yougoslav republic manage to achieve peace . 
  there is no reason ( if we dry out country like qatar , saudi arabia ( or the whole middle east in general ) of their warmonger ( like in the post nazi germany ) to achieve a lasting peace and prosperity . 
  this is what people would say about europe in 1945, 
  if it is a former taliban it is possible that it is n't one anymore . 
  he may have escaped is country because he change is side , often in guerrilla , treason and desertion are punished of death . 
  whoah it look like your amount of human right depend of which side you are , what opinion you have and where you are born . 
  north korea will never die, 
  the good old day when monster killed hundreds and thousands of people . 
  the serie or my synopsis ? 
  if it is the series norway was one of the world last supplier and the european union did n't adapt their economy to a world without petroleum . 
  this was a reference to a norwegian series . 
  in this series norway the first supplier of europe stop to produce for ecological raison . 
  then european nation will nicely ask russia to help the norwegian to produce again ( with the help of russian tourists ), 
  the scenario of occupied will be true too, 
  i always heard about that in class . 
  but i still ca n't understand why you ca n't have child and a career in germany ? 
  child care exist in germany right ? 
  first time i see here on r/europe a terrorist interviewed for explaining why he does a terrorist attacks . 
  guess agenda pushing always find a way . 
  first time i see this flair . 
  need the age and phone number too, 
  well they live in a country with so much crime that people prefer to go to the moon . 
  if we wanted to make a link between black arabe or multiculturalism and homicides uk and france would be more blue . 
  imo it would be more clever to link poverty , distribution of wealth and lack of social mixity to criminality . 
  those who have an opinion are far from the majority . 
  here in france except far right who do n't like american culture invasion and far left who do n't like american state , every body is pro american . 
  which part ? 
  yes because those who does n't stop are charged with `` participation in an unlawful assembly wich as not dissolved after summons '', 
  good i am happy that you know all european leftist . 
  you are right . l'international is a french hymn it just have been translated in russian . 
  it is like if we have a true debate with liberty of opinion . 
  well the front national is anti nazis as well . 
  it is the same for every national socialist party after 1945 . 
  yes . 
  the official result is not up yet . 
  it often take months to have a accurate one . 
  what happened ? 
  the data law go both way . 
  it hide the high `` ethnic trend '' this can be seen as bad . 
  but in exchange other factor imo more relevant are used for affirmative action . 
  they will not help blacks or arabes but people who live in a bad neighborhood with a low income . 
  this way imo there is a less injustice because a white from a bad neighborhood with a low income will benefit as well . 
  tldr : we are unable to really see witch ethnicity under perform . 
  but in exchange we can focus on more relevant data . 
  perfide ? 
  guess we should go to uk before they close their border to the refugee . 
  well our ancestor said the same thing after colonizing `` backward '' civilization . 
  then we should ` nt build anything in isra\u00ebl and palestine . 
  what the fuck !!, 
  ! a hitman his too expensive . 
  it is cheaper to hire one in south america buy him a gun and a hotel night and a flight to france . 
  even if i hire him in italia . 
  damn i guess that i found a new business idea .
