  it is up to to them to choose their trend and of course they should accept 90 % of the responsibility of what happens in their life . 
  having a muslim family is not a choice but staying muslim is a choice . 
  becoming a islamist despite your parents effort to give you a better life is also a choice . 
  blowing up your own countrymen is a choice too . 
  people choose their friends and their relation environment just higher the probability of having a ~ ~ islamist ~ ~ another dancer in it , 
  who will pay for it ? 
  honnestly i see them from far away and this comment will never be better that \u00e0 well documented study . 
  that being said i think there is a problem of communication in france not between muslim and the `` laic '' french but in every part of the society . 
  the old and the young , the poor and rich , urbanized and farmer and of course people from banlieu and the other part of the society . 
  people do n't go to the same high school , do n't have the same activity ( except football only sport able to reunite all our nation ) do n't even leave in the same city . 
  this lack of social mixity is a problem because people end up leaving with limited numbers of point of view . 
  people often end up with the same view as people surrounding them . 
  the problem with islamism is here : it would be a lie to say that the youth from muslim background are not integrated . 
  they are totally integrated to the environment they live in . 
  the people who have radicalized often had a job , a normal family and a lot of friends . 
  to answer your question how islamic are our teen i would say it depend of a lot of factors but i think environment is the greatest factors . 
  people living in islamic environment will be hardcore religious . 
  young muslim living in mixed environment will be more laic and often do n't mix with the first category . 
  people living away from the banlieu would be like the other french . 
  i think that the distribution is dynamic , people move from a category to another . 
  and finally i think that it is impossible to scale how islamic is the youth in france because themselves do n't know . 
  maybe islamic value is more widespread but a few will go to the full extent and radicalized . 
  again this is just observation . 
  i really like to talk with them of their religion i often see that i know more about religion than them . 
  there was even one who did n't know what happened to palestine . 
  i know for sure that international politics noor colonial past is not the driving force of islamisation in france . 
  it is just poor education , poor social mixity . 
  we wanted to import worker we did n't realize that we imported human beings with culture worldview and identity . 
  here was my thoughts about islam in france, 
  this is my observation.there is a lot of people from not islamic back ground , christian africa and even french caraibean who convert because they live in the same place than islamic fondamentalist . 
  because in france if you are poor you often end up in the banlieue . 
  look like some dystopian society, 
  i was not even thinking to the 33-45 nationalism . 
  in fact there was more period more violent . the form of nationalism we have now are not batshit crazy.that being said they can easily destroys the well being of the society if it is done wrong . 
  edit : patriotism is always good , nationalism can be useful sometime if it well dosed . 
  i understand what you are saying and i agree there is various levels . 
  but what i do n't like with them is there tendence ( sometime ) , and there easisiness , to level up . 
  if you like you country a lot but you do n't think it is superior it is patriotism . 
  nationalism is a scale above . 
  a radical nationalist groups who did n't wanted to give independance to algeria . 
  it is full of french ultranationalist , pied noir and their descent ( french born in the colonial africa ) and harki pro french algerian and their descent . 
  at a time they wanted to establish a appartheid like independent algeria . 
  hahahahahaha moderate nationalism . 
  we should fill it with italian . 
  because laicity is a left wing thing ( even if we can retrace some attempt during the french revolution ) . 
  the right and far right was literally fighting against it during the 3rd republic . 
  now nobody respect laicity . 
  the left refuse to adress some problems with the muslim community because laicity mean being blind to societies problems . 
  the right and far right want to apply `` laicity '' only for the muslim , christian seems exempted of laicity . 
  damn laicity was supposed to be equality of treatment . 
  edit : since when laicity mean the state impose it view on somebody . 
  some country are more in war than other . 
  watch the ruling party and the 2 biggest opposition ( it work in france but we still have to much mosquito compared to russia ) . 
  it is on youtube, 
  so now the union is a occupation force . 
  i think i just fall in love . 
  were is it ? 
  the revolutionary ideal in this song is far from the `` we are the best race of the world '' . 
  it is more '' we are the first nation to free itself and we will fight to death against tyranny '' . 
  of course we will have to fight to death against our enemy but our enemy is not really the soldiers but the tyrant behind him . 
  one of the verse ( even if it was added later ) say that we have to spare those who fight us because they fight against their will, 
  now we know what they do with our saving . 
  damn greek, 
  did you try to show some pic of really pretty continental european girl ? 
  it should work . 
  well in international relations the not our interest , not our land , not our problem mentality stand . 
  for those who still do n't know in the marseillaise the impure blood is supposed to be the normal french part of the tier etat . 
  this is a song war against the noblesse who is supposed to have a pure blood . 
  this is not a racist song but a very patriotic and revolutionary song . 
  even american handle are on the side of putin, 
  * far right direction, 
  almost, 
  yes russian would speak german but germany will be a russian land . 
  remember when actual war needed hundred of thousands men in the two camp and at least a 1000 dead a year ? 
  remember when the nazis did 4years non stop bombardment to break the british moral without success . 
  when we could n't pass a year without thousand of casuality in meaningless and endless war.now we are scared by less that 440 fighter . 
  we really live some peaceful life . 
  what are you speaking about i like wandering naked in the middle of the town . 
  the old population move to the coast ( they have pension ) were they have a better quality of life . 
  those people have need and a lot of people work for them . 
  the north was , and probably still is , industrialized and those factory job are not attractive anymore . 
  the fact that they have higher unemployement in the north and east ( alpe and alsace excluded ) is another reason to leave . 
  a lot of non eu citizen stay in the south or go to paris were they have a job and probably a relative to help them . 
  the south and west are known world touristic destination . 
  except when you have a war and you need your troups in the ~ ~ german ~ ~ front as fast as possible . 
  then the french railway system become hell . 
  damn the turkish juridic system is to lax, 
  i am not sure that salafism and even wahabism are the dominant sect in islam . 
  it is funny because here in france , switzerland look like some kind of heaven , the same kind of heaven that the northern coutry, 
  probably keeping the one who find a job forever . 
  the other will return . 
  because if he had a gun or a bomb with him he would be in jail , our minister will not take is side and we would probably know it . 
  it was a really empirical study made by observation who show that a lot of people born in the 90s and 80s feel that the 90s was 10 years ago . 
  the 90s was 10 years ago . 
  why jesus is a prophet of the koran ? 
  like any other prophet he is saint and respected in all the muslim world . 
  against whom ? 
  this was a highschool boy protesting not a terrorist . 
  from what i understand of this ( basically the ama made one month ago on r/europe ) . 
  there is two meaning at leaving islam .
