  turkey is a nato member and as such an ally of europe . 
  turkey did n't sign the un treaty on refugee it does n't have to keep them . 
  the germany - turkey deal on refugee who dry the balkan road is in effect but for now turkey have n't receive nor the 6 billion nor the visa free , on those conditions it is normal for them to question the deal . 
  that being said turkey is slowly turning into a dictature and it is a problem , that we can fix only as a ally . 
  we are not in war . 
  this kind of thought is the true reason that the russian freak out when one of there neighbor talk about joining nato . 
  it is true that they are our potential enemy , and our biggest threat , but cutting all diplomatic relations with them will make more harm than good . 
  if only i could do that when someone somewhere in the internet disagree with me . 
  guess i will have to go in ireland next year . 
  sorry for your loss but even then this is still not a no go zone . 
  if you are talking about the parralel road to the prom near the airport . 
  this is hardly a no go zone . 
  this is just a ugly place . 
  the true no go zone , if it need to be one , are really far from it in the north of the city . 
  it is not because it is ugly , and the pop is browner than everywere else that it is a no go zone . 
  why the promenade is a no go zone ? 
  this is my neighbor and i never seen any delinquent there . 
  no this is specialisation and maturity . 
  if someone is better than you at doing something , it is better to let them do it or atleast learn from them . 
  bitching about everything . 
  no because nuclear central are protected by military ( who have engineer themselves ) and it is forbidden for them to go on strike . 
  well the right liked this law but for ~ ~ political ~ ~ some reasons will not vote it , in fact they are already trying to harden it.and since this law will pass anyway , it is better to help the socialist party to destroy itself first . 
  there is a huge chance that there was already the 20 engineer in germany . 
  that being said those machines are not going to build themselves . 
  they will need men to build them ( or here or in china if it is in china they will employ people in transport ) . 
  they will need maintenance , installator , and guardian too . 
  there will be atleast 10 more guy employed . 
  she ca n't be removed right ? 
  but having so many powerful enemy is not good for her health . 
  i hope that she will continue until the end of her term . 
  both, 
  by seeing what happen in america ( us , brazil or venezuela ) and mena ( arabs spring ) . 
  i think that this kind of trend is global . 
  no , having ten thousand police officer to watch the citizen is , ending schengen is and not giving up to populist is . 
  i do n't think that any party in europe ever said the countrary . 
  that being said destroying the european way of life ( more than 500millions people ) because hundreds guy may attack is different . 
  this is what they want and what we will not give them, 
  the one we sent during the last election are hardly die hard federalist . 
  the french oversea and monaco have already given up long ago, 
  well she is not underage anymore, 
  sorry i rectified it, 
  being homosexual is ok being chaste is the worst thing imaginable . 
  they will invade by taking law skilled job and having the worst pr in the modern time . 
  because race have a variable sized meaning and slave is one of them . 
  usual business for mass media, 
  communist are popular in france , and they alwayd win several seat at legislative election . 
  well those children have probably a family somewhere . 
  but if you want this child and they have no family , you can return it to a local orphanage and try to adopt it legally ( since you know this child it should be easier ) , just before you explain everything to the police ( how you wanted to save the child ) . 
  and this way everything should be ok . 
  jesus , juicy grilled garlic turk , this is horrible . 
  who knew, 
  well on a pure economic point of view . 
  if we rise the demand of healthy and unhurt children in the short term less child will have they organ sold . 
  in the long term more child will be taken . 
  and the criminal will have more profit but they will have a higher chance to be arrested . 
  yep black market . 
  what does islam as to do with it ? 
  to late it is 10 gabillons already . 
  yes it would be a lie to say that some member of the muslim community and other migrant descent groups have nothing to do with it . 
  but it would be a greater lie to think that they are the only one to hate the police . 
  and the worst lie would be to ethnicies something who are not . 
  ~ ~ 1 ~ ~ ~ ~ 2 ~ ~ ~ ~ 3 ~ ~ ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ ~ ~ 5 ~ ~ about 6 gazillions bolivar for 1 rubble . 
  no sorry i already work for venezuelan central bank . 
  but can i give you a advice ? 
  this is the right moment to buy some pesos . 
  ca n't half of my money went to eastern poland the other half went to help a nigerian prince ( he need some time to return my money with 200 % of interest rate ) . 
  sorry i rectified it . 
  and i totally agree with your analysis . 
  you know bloody well that it will end up on nothing . 
  since the moment they say the number 49-3 you know that this law will pass . 
  the right at the senate is already trying to return this watered law to its original form and those few protester are disregarding month and month of political debate and peaceful demonstration . 
  and imo it is less violent that 2005 2005 : with nearly 10 000 burned cars , 3000 arrested and 2 dead . 
  it was n't in the bible ? 
  they made it to the news . 
  sometime you can see 5 reporter for a single protester, 
  it is spread in a lot of little group from anarchist , radical ecologist and neo comunist . 
  individual tournament does n't count ( if it was n't the case we will eternal 1rst in judo thanks to our national hero teddy rinner ) . 
  they are forbidden to intervene . 
  first even if we have a good tradition and capacity dealing with protester ( paris massacre of 1961 ) it will just heat thing up . 
  second being a leftist government and at a year of the election they ca n't shoot or arest leftist protester who happened to be leftist elector . 
  i think that a arresting them will help him to open his electoral base to the center and the right ( just kidding this will not happen ) . 
  well the country was build on a totally not violent , , enlightened and peaceful protest . 
  we are just keeping the tradition . 
  not always some time they want ~ ~ a monopole ~ ~ a little more regulation to protect ~ ~ their profit ~ ~ the consumer against the concurrence who want to ~ ~ bring the price down ~ ~ bring the price down . 
  why would we need chinese if we had bulgar and roumanian and ukrainian . 
  cheese , saucisson , salade , baguette northerner : beer provencal : pastis ultramarin : rum other : wine, 
  we have new blood . 
  we just wait until they root before we elect them . 
  last time a german lost something cultural it start a world war . 
  and this time the strong europe contest will be a new start . 
  after the edgy song we had last year , it seems that this time they wanted to be as generic as possible, 
  you still have malta, 
  the portuguese one, 
  this look like a scam . 
  - step one turn your country to shit - step two make the more active member of your country flew in europe for more security and opportunities . 
  - step three get them back with enough money to return to step one . 
  infinite money, 
  technically the general de gaulle was the last dictator in france . 
  sadly there is no monaco here . 
  the consumer price idex of monaco is 128.15 in 2012,
