  we do n't live in north korea . 
  the state is divided in 3 institutions legislative ( 2 parliament ) who vote the law , the executive ( the gouv , and different territorial collectivity , the mayor , the police and the army ) who apply the law and the judiciary who judge and punish . 
  none of them are supposed to be able to influence the other . 
  the government do n't have a say on people sentence . 
  and this time they even erased this women sentence even if holland have clearly stated that he would not use this power, 
  what is the connections with the gouv . 
  the president has already cancelled a part of her sentence, 
  it will be great to have a erasmus program in the iss, 
  germany was in crisis after the reunification . 
  they had to go through a lot of structural change during the 00 's . germany in 2000 was in a different situation that the other eurozone country . 
  france, 
  true but you must trust a little more your boss . 
  he probably do n't like firing people . 
  a lot of employer are from a pme ( little and m\u00e9dium enterprise ) and are really close to their employee . 
  and this is the best working economic tools that i know, 
  yeah the hire fire thing is hard to get when you do n't have knowledge about economics ( especially if you are employed and you are worried of loosing you job ) but basically if you make firing people easy they will be less worried when they choose someone new . 
  a employer does n't know how will be the economic situation in 1 and 2 years . 
  if it go wrong he will have 3 choices to keep the employee when the economic situation is difficult , to fire him and facing the risk or to go to trial ( very expensive if he loose ) and the last choice is to kill the employee . 
  this mean that the employer must really trust it economic situation in really long term to thing about hiring someone in cdi ( undetermined lenght contract ) . 
  grexit , brexit , ... it , fixit . 
  one more and we will have a complet daft punk lyric . 
  they are not muslim, 
  real food, 
  it so much better to shoot at innocent adult . 
  again ? 
  thank you for awakening my deepest fear . 
  you can be dutch and european in the same way you can be british and english . 
  making up new nation is our speciality . 
  it have to be a roma or a migrant, 
  no russia sell the norwegian petrol to the european union . 
  officially the relation between the occidental ( eu us ) and norway is the same as before . officially norway just become a defacto occupied state because of the inaction of otan . 
  secretly all great power staged the occupation . 
  because it was convenient . 
  for all of them . 
  ha eurovision symbol of regionalism , historic hatred , geopolitical revenge , diplomatic marxist between the rich ( who pay to enter ) and the poor ( who do n't vote for them ) and sometime music . 
  yeah but we have a right wing party who do far right stuff . 
  our far right do far left thing . 
  our far left party is taking the place of our traditional socialist and ecologist . 
  see every thing is rational . 
  edit : the center do center thing . 
  on what topic do you think us , french people , are irrational ? 
  how ? 
  you should take the costal border of western anatolia . 
  it is rightful grecian clay . 
  and maybe for more security everything north and west of ankara . 
  if you change the name of your country to byzantine empire it would be the best . 
  and if you reunite the eastern and western church i agree to put the european parliament to rome . 
  france border bresil and we are ok with it . 
  can we all agree that we can be in more than one continent and this element is part of our identity . 
  russia is european and asian no need to seek for percentage . 
  idem for turkey . 
  we already have a lot of your country men here in the french riviera . 
  it is like a exchange program . 
  come here if you have time . 
  ( and if you have some worries about the refugee crisis the refugee we have here weight each of them at least 500million so it is kinda safe ), 
  yes it is winter holiday . 
  i like chaos so i will vote trump too, 
  you ca n't expel diplomats they are chosen by the state and they represent it . 
  the best you can do is to ask his country or to replace them or to punish them . 
  diplomatic tie are more important than diplomat . 
  edit : it seems i was wrong there is a third option with the persona non grata status, 
  south asia have muslim country . 
  indonesia ( biggest muslim country ) , bangladesh ( i never heard anything from bangladesh ) , singapore ( exemple of a well running city ) and other . 
  but just in the middle east and north africa there is country like lebanon , turkey ( turn bad but what atat\u00fcrk did is a good exemple of a secular muslim country ( the rise of the far right ( nationalism + reactionaries ) is a really bad thing ) jordan ( a peaceful oasis inside of middle east ( no petrol mean no worries right ? ) ) . 
  even maghreb country are more secular than me . 
  the islam of the marrocan kingdom is really liked in europe . 
  tunisia had the only good working revolution . 
  algeria is a dictatorship but had fight islamism since the beginning . 
  tldr : muslim country are in the vast majority in a sharia law . 
  the way they apply it is different ( soft and comprehensive or hard and punitive ) . 
  the islam of saudi arabia looked so bad that even the ~ ~ kebab ~ ~ ottoman tried to destroy it . 
  wahabism and salafism was spread by the independance of countries influenced by those sect who happened ( by the sad irony , or the holy hand of god ) to have a shit load of petrol . 
  and since then this kind of islam tried to predate every other . 
  of course resistance can happen ( african country ) , other accept ( maldives ) . 
  but i think this is linked with the democracy and education level rather than a supposed normal form of islam . 
  because this is evident that there is huge flaws in islam but not every body turn nuts so we should see the solution of countries who succed and spread it as a ~ ~ european ~ ~ ~ ~ secular ~ ~ modern form of islam . 
  half of them will return to great britain the rest of their body will stay in the holy land . 
  ^ ( isis airlines you never totally come back from our country . ), 
  yep only people concerned by crime will post, 
  bruxelles the number of corrupted technocrate lower the nation average . 
  but the front page of internet !!!!, 
  david cameron first girlfriend must be from there . 
  take your passeport and come no visa asked . 
  it is better to leave it as it is . 
  if bruxelles impose the english language or make any rule in the sens of a common language it will be seen as a dicktat . 
  every reactionaries will rise . 
  if the union let the english be defacto the common lingua franca it will be more effective . 
   about muslim eu territories , i believe marseille or to be specific french department bouches-du-rh\u00f4ne might be very soon 1st muslim majority region in continental eu . 
  i do n't know if you are serious but this make me smile . 
  no seriously marseille is and will stay the french door . 
  a lot of immigrant pass and often stay in marseille and not only muslim . 
  it is one of the most diverse city in europe and their population is growing . 
  that being said the provence alpe cote d'azur region ( were i live ) even if the muslim population grow faster than others ( it is debatable ) they will never top the french and european internal migration . 
  a lot of french leave paris for the littoral . 
  they can be the retired who seek for a place to die , the rich who will come for the french riviera and monaco , the marseillais and their families who want to return to their old roots and finally the people from poor french ( european ) region who seek for job opportunities . 
  i do n't know about the other cities but this afflux of french people will prevent the region from becoming muslim . 
  even if demographic fail gentrification will succeed, 
  by european i mean part of the union . 
  of course . 
  fun fact mayotte is probably the only european region filled mainly by muslim .
