  the departement are part of the union , french and european law directly apply to them and they pay taxes ( and receives subsidies ) . 
  the collectivity have their own set of law their own taxes ( if they pay taxes ) . 
  need to buy some share on the fence , plastic boat , weapon and tents industries . 
  can they use it without the authorization of the usa ? 
  ( just by curiosity , because in my mind there is only 10nuclear power ) . 
  a lot of traditional party around the world have a bloody past . 
  from militia , revolution , borderline causes , illegal trafic , terrorism , rigged vote to the democratic and peaceful party that we have now the only frontier is strong institutions and education . 
  officially russia invade norway for their oil . 
  european leader will denounce it and even move their troops ( for show ) . 
  in reality europe want to have the oil without dirtying their hand . 
  of course russia sell the norwegian oil to the `` clean '' european nation and every body is happy . 
  it is from the fraternity part of the human rights declaration . 
  1789 declaration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen : art 18 every citizen have the right to live in a dog shit free city . 
  especially the french . 
  but they exist right ???? 
  eldorado exist right ???? 
  a nice country with beautiful girl . 
  norway is one of the last oil producers, 
  it is normal . 
  if britain agree this mean less obstacle to coordination . 
  it was not because britain known better than other which policy 's support that they work it was because nobody was against . 
  we can all agree that the biggest problem in the union is lack of cooperation and coordination . 
  well on the other hand , each gulf orders ( weapon boat planes ) give food to hundred and thousands workers . 
  in a ruler eyes ( world peace weight less than a good working national economy ) . 
  edit command -  order, 
  go to our overseas there is no migrant in polynesia . 
  just tourist and french people . 
  no maybe austria . 
  it was one of germany 's friend . 
  i do n't remember . 
  maybe belgium or andorre . 
  this is hard to find relevant country in this continent . 
  totally necessary . 
  it is not like they already have a un member with atomic bomb and a projection power . 
  nobody like nationalist especially if you are foreigner, 
  britain wanted to extend this time . 
  one bloc of law with shitload of amendments who touch element unrelated to the original law.they just put every law they hoped to pass during the years as amendment to a economic liberalization reform . 
  we are honnest, 
  this the article 49-3 of the french constitution . 
  used max once per year it enable the government to pass any law without the vote of the parliament ( as long as it is not unconstitutional or a constitutional reform ) . 
  he have always aimed for national approbation . 
  when thing do n't go as he whish he goes in retirement until we ask him to came back, 
  general de gaulle make sure that if such level of instability happened . 
  france can turn over the night into a solid dictatorship . 
  the president can make war as it please send troops every were without asking any parlement , we are already in the state of emergency and we have nukes . 
  if you have doubt we have shoot a ecologist boat in the new zealand port because our president wished it ( and with little real diplomatic backlash ) . 
  every thing was made to prevent new algerian war . 
  not saying we are better than everyone else just that we are ready for some `` peace keeping '' operation . 
  ( after turkey ) / s, 
  or it is because these country was recently rebuild with the differents treaties of the 20th century . 
  or it is because they `` just enter '' in the globalization processus and there is everything to develop . 
  you ca n't became fat by eating plastic . 
  in the worst case you can just become dead . 
  sorry i prefer to invest in eastern poland . 
  robot do n't pay tax and corporation too.of course a lot of job will end but a lot of job will be made too . 
  restaurant , personalised service , counselling , divertissement related activity ( sport coach ) ... their are social people who seek human relation or new kind of consomateur who will prefer human made product . 
  this mean that the job market will totally change and grow into something new . 
  they do n't promote violence . 
  they do n't have hate speech . 
  they just want that their islam have a better publicity that muslim killing other muslim . 
  and this is good that the grocer store became their hero . 
  they need someone they identify with . 
  every french are muslim  . 
  seriously i am totally not ~ ~ heretic ~ ~ muslim, 
  i hope the 2 last percent will turn after some days of torture . 
  i am glad that you know all muslim in the world . 
  ps you probably know ( because you know all of them ) that the top of all time post of r/iranian is about bataclan . 
  we do n't have the same definition of moderate . 
  or the 3rd of r/islam who happened to be about charlie hebdo . 
  if i had to choose what kind of islam i prefer i will take these one . 
  and for that we need state founded imam . 
  not the crazy people appointed from qatar . 
  said the people from the 40s, 
  remember those people who just watch while nazi throws jew off of buildings ? 
  those are normal people . 
  remember those people who just watch while communist throws intellectual off of building ? 
  those are normal people . 
  remember those people who just watch while isis throws human off of buildings ? 
  those are the normal people . 
  when your enemy is able to throw you and your family off of the same building you become a moderate , you shut your mouth and live your life . 
  joke on you we are all american trojan horse . 
  high interest rate ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/jun/10/accounting-drugs-prostitution-uk-economy-gdp-eu-rules nice move . 
  taking account whore and drug just to be 5th, 
  lol, 
  if thing goes bad to scotland during this time for any reason related or not to having left the union , england will be the scape goat . 
  being in the union will be glorified and the independance party will have more vote . 
  in the other hand if scotland does better the status quo will stay . 
  but 3 of them are n't even from andorra, 
  who need long bow when we have crossbow . 
  this time we will free our brother scott of your occupation . 
  die you presumptuous whore . 
  i am from france and i hold a grudge about uk.i really hate the way they try to unbend our croissant . 
  the other country are ok, 
  people are really innovative in this subject . 
  but the classic cutting themselves and bleeding to death . 
  you are right , but at least it give less interest to wage one . 
  this is the result of the interdependence of our economy embodied by the eu . 
  if one of them die , the government can be sued right ? 
  pakistan qualify as a unsafe country , iran maybe they have some oppressed opposition , but damn morocco is totally safe .
