  we have a low growth . 
  if we have this greater union this fight between france and germany will be as relevant as a fight between california and washington . 
  we are on the same boat everyone use is neighbor . 
  we sell our diplomatic power against their economic power . 
  the european union is an ecosystem . 
  this is a symbiotic union were everybody gain and loose something . 
  i do n't see germany as our rival but more as our friends , coworkers and customers . 
  the power will stay in france as long as we are a union the day we will become a federation we will benefit of both . 
  this is how i feel this union but if something go wrong we still have our maginot line at our border , 
  i am pretty sure that italian have a bigger crime problem than the migrant . 
  it would be funny, 
  this is true only on the economic field . 
  we have more power on the diplomatic and military level with our army , the nuclear weapon and our permanent seat to the un . 
  i am not bragging about the fact that my country is better than the other but france have a special place in the union . 
  if we achieve full federalization france will give to the union a diplomatic stance than few country would have . 
  europe will be on the same position as china and us a superpower . 
  in europe only uk have the same diplomatic power as us and it is a shame that they do n't want to use it for the greatest good this mean giving to the union more critical thinking . 
  we are so much eurosceptic that we want to keep the euro and the union . 
  even the fn doubt on this subject . 
  they do n't want shengen but a lot of them want the euro, 
  damn leftist and they self hating ideologies / s, 
  well you ca n't be relevant and having no problem in the same time  . 
  he want to see the union burn so much that he want to join us in the fire . 
  he is part of nato and the european concil . 
  he hate us so much that he make a lot of bilateral treaty with the union . 
  it was funny why this much downvote . 
  in orange are the country who will be invaded soon . 
  in green those who will be annexed later . 
  only people who have nobel prize can live there . 
  imo it is why they are safer . 
  because there is few people to watch and few people to protect . 
  but what you said is true this make it hard to compare huge population . 
  for them we need statistics who them self are measured differently even between oecd members . 
  well we just write the part when we fight with you . 
  us , china and the arabs golf country does this to it does n't seems like this stop us to trade with them . 
  in europe we have country like andorre , vatican city , monaco , luxembourg iceland , norway and swedistan and they choose poland as the safest ? 
  just wanted to make a pun but yes you are right . 
  why not being totally franc with our history and say it begin in belgium, 
  being on the good side of history is our speciality after all . 
  this land have a name . 
  it is called east thrace, 
  why not some human right and enlightenment ? 
  if a stranger manage to take those job this mean that they wanted it more . 
  here in france we here a lot of this kind of sentence from the far right . 
  stranger take the job than no french would like to take . 
  why would you take a hard and underpaid job if you can those sweet allocations . 
  in the end of the day the job is done , the boss is happy the worker have a salary and the national will not have to do this inhuman job for the same income that he have now . 
  if this argument is not enough let say that when a immigrant work a have a salary some of it will come back to his home and the rest goes to the national economy and it will fuel a lot of business and maybe make new businesses . 
  pax germanica, 
  damn it always french people, 
  when they talk about making a grand paris they were dead serious, 
  they should have hungary . 
  and all tyrol for the sake of not having a border gore, 
  like the lebanon and syria were french protectorate . 
  they are a huge probability that they know some word of french . 
  not as much as the north african though . 
  what you say is still true anyway, 
  the romanian ? 
  because aside no one aside of the turk will visit istambul, 
  if muslim really went full jihad they would be more than a thousand dead per year in europe, 
  gipsy are better than algerian to take our money too . 
  this must mean that some voter expect them to act like this . 
  sure they are better at taking our camera / s, 
  why would the government prioritize foreigner than the national voters ? 
  damn romani people taking better picture than us / s, 
  the child are mixed les enfants sont metisses, 
  well convert to islam is not an exceptional thing.for the rest it was probably kept secret . 
  it was mentioned in the article that the father was atheist and did n't know about the goal of is wife . 
  we can assume that he is immunised to islamist ideologies to whom he lost is wife and child . 
  but anyway we should check is background too even if there is a huge chance that it is a fine guy . 
  no just the french and innocent child.at some moment we should take it back from the mother . 
  i agree on the position to let the mother outside but damn we have return the kid to the father, 
  and the child ? 
  good child . 
  we should have more of those light hearted news . 
  cyprus is not european . 
  all island in the mediterranean sea are not european . 
  that being said they are culturally in so it is ok . 
  you are totally right . 
  i will try to make it very clear . 
  now politician will focus on the rape problem by the migrant or by the priest . 
  and they will do this until the next big thing ( brexit or anything else ) . during this time a lot of people are raped and their situation will never change.the culprit are free . 
  if only we try to focus on societal problem instead of some mediatic event maybe in the end something will be done . 
  no this is a conspiracy . 
  they just hide the true number . 
  we all know that half of the union is already muslim . 
  i totally agree . 
  but rape are the kind of crime that often stay unpunished . 
  because the family try to hide their shame , because of pressure on the victim or because of juridical loophole . 
  if we gave half the mediatic coverage given to the refugee crisis or even the koln rape tragedy to the problem of rape in general we would push the politician to do more about it . 
  no paedophiles are a problem for all countries . 
  if we find a way to solve it in our society . 
  this mean incite the victim to accuse the criminal and this system is effective enough to prevent rape inside of the family circle . 
  no matter which population we have we should be able to prevent a lot of tragedies . 
  i am a full catholic and i know the difference between criminals and innocent . 
  and i want this logic of innocent until proved wrong to all category of population . 
  that being said can you explain more what are the difference between raping and rapping . 
  not at all i really think that we should punish the rappist harshly . 
  what i do n't like is by denouncing the priest the muslim we forget that there a really high number of rape inside the society who will stay unpunished . 
  it is like the story of this economist who loose is key in the dark and will only search them under the lamp because this the only place who have light .
