  this offer are or robot free producer or basic income and the former if it want to work still need tax . 
  the 3 main element of demand is menage consumption , investment ( who depend of the demand ) and the government spending ( who depend of tax ) . 
  every single one of them rely on the concept of employment . 
  stop pushing your agenda !!!!!, 
  more seriously they will not take all job . 
  yes there is not only economic reasons . 
  the enterprise choice is not only based on the economic value . 
  first the enterprise are often place to meet other people . 
  to find a wife or some friend.to socialize . 
  second some enterprise need human being to do some job . 
  not because it is profitable but because it is a tradition or is a betterment . 
  example in france : boulanger , mailman , lawyer , doctor , teacher , coach need to be done by human . 
  they can be easily replaced but people prefer to have human being . 
  finally for political reasons some enterprise will use only human being . 
  the robot free product will be in high demand for political reasons . 
  especially if you loose your job because of those shity machine . 
  are you stupid ? 
  how being randomly born in a thousand years empire make britain superior . 
  every single countries deserve respect . 
  and what the british showed by insulting the polish ( strong and proud country who suffer from ww2 more than other country ) , mocking the greek ( birth land of civilization in europe ) , bashing the french , treating middle eastern people creator of the concept of civilization like shit . 
  and i ( as a french ) do n't think that having an empire make you more respectful especially if you build it with drugs , rapes , war , genocide , slavery , treason , and deception . 
  what are you saying britain is right now the strongest country ever . 
  for a free trade agreement with them china will accept to give up hong kong . 
  `` it 's not for the leave campaign to come up with a brexit plan '' cunt . 
  son when i was young , shortly before the holy european empire there was a country called the united kingdom . 
  hungary, 
  1million people is not enough ? 
  well somalia is sovereign too, 
  are they treator if they have been honest since the beginning with their intentions ? 
  the banker ^ ^ tm will keep is job , the random office worker of the middle class will loose is job . 
  well the left was happy , the right little less happy , the far right not happy and the french african want to kill him ( harki ( pro french native algerians ) + pied noir ( european native born in the colonial africa ) ) . 
  what a scary name we should ban it . 
  always . 
  me too . 
  the good thing when you make your own objective , is how easily you can reach them if they 're loose enough . 
  imo portugal look more african than asian, 
  every country are ruled by unelected bureaucrats . 
  french m\u00e9tiss with some african blood you really are dead wrong, 
  and ? 
  that 's your opinion, 
  rebirth of a region : occitania, 
  i am pretty sure that they are muslim in both of them . 
  the muslim march is just here to show the main position of the french muslim . 
  you may can see it on arte +7 on youtube, 
  in all honesty one just have to put a ball inside of a cage and the other have to take care of every single economic , political , diplomatic and electoral problem of france , europe , africa and other countries part of our sphere of influence in the same time . 
  are you saying that because of islam the modern and laic turks ca n't do what the old ottoman and more religious could do ? 
  it would be fun if all european member return to paganism . 
  it had some hygienic vertu . 
  so i can understand why it was forced for 2 religion of abraham . 
  but it is not needed anymore . 
  its a city build by the greek , it as been part of the roman empire , kingdom of burgundy and the hre . 
  it is near the italian frontier . 
  it has been the french door to the mediterranean sea and the french african colonies . 
  it is were all harki , pied noir , north african jews have been after the revolution . 
  it is the head of the provence alps cote d'azur regions and finally it is were a lot of french people come to ~ ~ die ~ ~ retire . 
  all of this come with their amount of exchange of culture food , architecture , art and people ( and some illegal stuff ) . 
  avoid northwestern marseille . 
  recommendation southeastern marseille . 
  because no city is as complex and diverse as this city . 
  and the bad press it has is true ( only for the north ) but it is offset by being one of the oldest , prettiest and friendliest french city . 
  because we do n't look to germany as a military ally but as a global ally . 
  the lack of military power is offset by your economic strength . 
  both our country are complementary ( economic , political , military and diplomatic ) , and our goal is the same bringing back power to the european continent . 
  the french german friendship is now part of the french state of mind , having the best relation wih the german is the only way to have peace on the continent and lasting prosperity . 
  and finally we would said that the british would be our best ally but our mutual distrust , shaming and rivalry , and the british trend to always look down the european continent compared to the very responsible , respectful conscientious german ( our first trade partners ) the choice become easy . 
  damn the european project is magic, 
  good.still prefer germany, 
  germany ( what could go wrong ), 
   glad icelandic girl are pretty, 
  well icelander may agree to this . 
  cave ? 
  it was a deal . 
  you are right croats are to different from us to be considered as european . 
  difference that some of them cross easily . 
  ( not all of them ) . 
  wrong nice supporter are often from far right back ground . 
  radioactive wild boar look like a band name . 
  since there is a waterfall the wind blowing in the direction of the waterfall the sail is open the british boat will sink too . 
  yesterday there was a whole trade about how violence was justified by the attack of some french `` arabs '' and that the english was just peacefully chilling . 
  so will they blam the arabs this time too ? 
  schaeuble one step closer to have my sympathy . 
  i confuse nothing i talk about a unified german state called germany . 
  if i remember well nothing like that existed before . 
  the unified german state is a little younger than that . 
  you should remember you declare is birth in versailles . 
  it is a french soil since 1760 ( the french republic was n't born . 
  black , metisse and creole are all french since 1848 with the abolition of slavery . 
  well the french nationality of the reunion island is older than germany itself . 
  well payet is from reunion island so he is a `` ethnic '' french and this time there are not so much arabs . 
  stay there , speak the language , make some friends . 
  and you can have the french nationality . 
  or you can consider marrying a european girl . 
  that being said the easiest and best way to enter the french nation is : the french foreign legions . 
  between the two i prefer a german victory, 
  so they need to defend themselves from police officer too ? 
  call the police and do n't escalate the situation . 
  ( and do n't attack the barman nor the policemen ) . 
  ok some local `` arabs '' picking a fight with some english , is a legitimate reason to bring chaos with 200 other ultra supporter ? 
  with some of them who already said that they wanted to fight some french and brown people ? 
  this is how the next day a new army appear in syria called g&n ( geb and nout ) supported by occidental country who have for sole purpose to hunt down isis member .
