  edit : iceland, 
  the titanic passenger did n't pay to run the ship into an iceberg, 
  internationalism is really important for the socialist ( every variant born from marx ) . 
  ideologically speaking they are not against border control they are against oppression of the proletariat every where everytime . 
  if opening the border let less people on the road they are willing to let them come . 
  but they would really prefer ( at least here in france ) to not letting them in ( because this stress the country who welcome them ) and solve the problem directly in the country of depart . 
  ( this was the `` realist part '' ) in the same time if every human is equals to each other what makes them different religions or nationality . 
  both of those are artificial frontier made by the rich to makes us forget of our true goal to seize the mean of production . 
  indeed during the time where your are keeping the foreigner out , questioning if we should build camp for them and other stuff you are forgetting something important . 
  that the bourgeoisie is in the way to take control of everything . 
  with their nationalism and their `` populism '' they divert our attention from our true enemy the capital . 
  we are fighting ourselves for nothing ( the little help given by the bourgeoisie to make us forget our situation ) when the true problem is and will always be how to take the control back . 
  and in this fight we are all brother and allies . 
  rise up people and let 's take the mean of production . 
  you want to die you heretic ? 
  it is totaly forbidden to use that word . 
  why is he shy about it . 
  here our mp do n't really care about showing how rich they are . 
  as long as they know the price of a pain au chocolat of course . 
  he was already of royal blood . 
  tldr ukraine is great and russia is his enemy, 
  the end is near for russia if they begin to act like north korea.excessive demonstration of force is often a demonstration of weakness . 
  in the end they will be eaten by the chinese giant like anyone else . 
  everybody is a low rank soldiers when somebody has to take responsibility, 
  yes the head of state agree first and then put it to the parliamentary vote, 
  yes every parliament in europe must ratify the threaty for it to stay permanent . 
  - first there is a negociation about the threaty . 
  negotiation are secret to avoid useless double game ( when every party try to show their respective citizen that they play hard ( ex : brexit ) ) . 
  - then when there is a accord between the eu and the other country ( canada ) . 
  the eu ask each member if they are ok with it ( the belgian problem ) . 
  any country can veto . 
  - the accord enter in effect . 
  it take a long time to take effect , so part that does n't need approbation are already implemented - then finally all parliament must vote for or aginst the accord, 
  tldr : eastern europe do n't obey bruxelles , berlin , moscow or paris . 
  ee if you want to stand for yourself obey vienna, 
  best region in the world provence alpe cote d'azur . 
  i live in nice france . 
  the french right and concervative back clinton too, 
  not wanting alternative is a choice too, 
  not voting is a vote in itself . 
  yes there is a huge probabilities that northern conservative will take a southern or a eastern european guy to candidate for them . 
  this way they will be more relatable for every body, 
  nope i would prefer vote for one of those nice nordic party candidate or those nice other party with real and innovative program . 
  here in france we have the illusion of choice between people who come from the same school and influenced by the same theory ( science po , ena ) and literally hitler and stalin ( every body who is not from those schools ) . 
  true , we are not \u00e0 dictatorships . 
  nobody is forced to stay there . 
  if we make stupid demand or enforce horrible austerity law and you do n't want them you can still leave . 
  we do n't look down on roast beef . 
  we look down only if the cook is a brit, 
  no it will not . 
  every national party will campaign in their country for the european candidate of the european party they represent . 
  this mean no candidate will be backed by one etnicity or one country . 
  the candidate will probably be someone who speak english , french and german . 
  the detail about what kind of brexit it will be are unknown . 
  we are still full of uncertainty . 
  stand up, 
  damn it brexit did n't happen yet, 
  there is 700 of journalist there only to cover the destruction of the camp, 
  yes we do . 
  i do n't comprehend how with all the place available , and their priorities over adult they can still be homeless . 
  except if they themselves rejected to go to regional shelter in hope to go to the container with very limited place . 
  no the law pass right after ww2 , long ago before the 5th republic and their huge wave of migrant . 
  french are supposed equal to each other no statistic about religion , language , ethnicity or origin are allowed . 
  because no such thing is supposed to exist under french rule . 
  in exchange we use different and often more accurate way to study criminality in general.we often use socio professional category this way no ressouces are badly allocated.positive action , specific law , quota or exeption to the law on the basis of ethnicity are forbidden too . 
  this is part of our culture and it is part of every french people . 
  every french is equal to each other , nobody is different and every body must have the same right and obligation . this explain why regional ( local language or regional accent ) , ethnic ( communitarianism ) or religious ( islam , active christianity , sectarianism ) distinction are disliked . 
  liberty equality brotherhood and secularism this is our value i do n't expect you to understand them but this is how it is . 
  that being said if you like statistic so much you can still have the religious practice by religious people in jail . 
  you can have the number of people tested for a disease who concern only african descent . 
  and the latest and finest of all the number of child with a foreign name in the elementary school of frejus ( fn city ) the mayor counted them himself . 
  it is forbiden for every body to have such statistics . 
  even the far right gave up on this, 
  they want to avoid useless prejudice but the problem is the watcher will always try to assume their ethnicity and it will be worse . 
  in france if the convict is minor their name and their faces are as always kept secret . 
  this is the law . 
  it is the same for the family, 
  he is greek you know . 
  he is in france, 
  then we will have to ask which country is the heir of which kingdom at a time where the concept nation did n't exist . 
  exemple which country should have carol magnus/charlemagne ? 
  i own some stock in the map and atlas industry, 
  yes the wto is a weird oranization who value more trade than morals . 
  its framework is heavily biaised ( truly liberal ) and sometime disconnected of the reality . 
  but this the only international who regulate trade we have and they are good at it . 
  if you criticize the wto because they force you to fight a global competition , if you leave you will see what a dirty competition is . 
  especially for a country with a negative trade balance like the uk, 
  leaving wto mean other wto member will not have to respect wto rules against you . 
  this means all sort of shit become possible, 
  maybe having no petrol make you less a battle ground for other great regional and global powers, 
  meanwhile netherlands holland will have a peaceful rainy weekend . 
  well if we do n't use it off course it will be irrelevant . 
  350 million, 
  there was a minute of silence during the parliament session . 
  it was just a answer to '' the robot will take all our job '' . 
  a lot of job will of course be macanized but some job will still be kept by human . 
  a job is a demand and a offer of employment . 
  if they are less people who want to employ people there will still be a need of salary . 
  and this salary is important because in a country it is the core of the demand . 
  the demand of salary will call a new offer anyway .
