  they beat the shit out of isis member with their knowledge of their children weakness , and take all syria . 
  and build a country full of dad joke and awkward family dinner . 
  sometime i have the feeling that belgium or at least the french part follow every demand of paris ( with some exception ) . 
  this feel weird . 
  i am french and i want them to leave, 
  english because , the french may want to preserve their language but , the english manage to spread their to the world it self with more or less peacefull mean . 
  this is totally logic . 
  this is not a bribe and a lot of association across europe are partly financed by the union, 
  every european countries does that, 
  not going to brag but we are the 5th greatest economic power in the world ( in tie with uk ) . 
  maybe we do stuff right enough to have this position . 
  why are you so surprise , what kind of vision do you have of france ? 
  enjoy tout tax free expensive life , your tax free 14 $ coffee and your nice 5m ^ 2 beautiful and expensive studio . 
  not for the herero g\u00e9nocide thought . 
  traitor !, 
  muslim were killed there too . 
  so i ask again troll how ? 
  how ? 
  the reason uk are above france in gdp is because the british change their way of counting . 
  they now include illegal economy to the gdp and france do n't . 
  this mean that you used drugs and whore to pass above us . 
  yes islam is evil , spawn of the devil , destroyer of civilisation and baby eaters . 
  some kind of political suicide . 
  rectified thanks you, 
  hahahahahaha on a more serious note we are a multicultural country since the birth of the franc kingdom . 
  so we are kinda used to it . 
  sweden will have to learn how to deal with diversity really fast . 
  if they are not choosen by the national team of germany i see no reason to refuse to go to the turkish national team . 
  remember that national team give prestige and a lot of money . 
  or how isoled romania and ~ ~ chekia ~ ~ ~ ~ czhekia ~ ~ ~ ~ czechia ~ ~ ~ ~ czech republic ~ ~ the czech republic is . 
  people can be from two nationality . 
  you can be turkish and german in the same time . 
  it is not so hard to understand that . 
  european astronomically large telescopes ^ tm ealt sometime opportunities are missed . 
  translated : gibberish in french, 
  funny thing is that you are labeled as far left if you are pro russia and anti israel . 
  you are so far right that you end up centrist ? 
  damn . 
  france good ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  we sell weapon to dictatorship , bribe other countries and support dictatorship . 
  we are always in war . 
  we twist the rule of international organizations to our self interest . 
  we have a lot of quality but good is not one of them . 
  since the bloody brit are above us this seems like a list of countries with the best public relations . 
  i know this sport our president and prime minister seems to play it a lot recently . 
  france is a permanent member of the security concil , the french control africa ( the french colonies and their neighbor ) and a weapon seller who do n't really care about freedom and human right . 
  50 million to secure such ally is a good investment for a dictature like libya . 
  he stoled an old senile lady ( laught internally ) . 
  a old senile lady who happened to be the richest woman of france and owner of l'oreal . 
  but in his defense it seems that every one around her has atleast once tried to take money from her ( from her daughter to her photograph ) . 
  poor woman everything went downhill since she was liberated from the farc , 
  it taste like the empire . 
  being able to buy it and affording it are two different thing . 
  italian with brain damage = french, 
  already done . 
  unlike the netherlands we ca n't surrender to every one in the same time . 
  when the american will disapeer we will surrender to the german . 
  swamp german in their natural habitat . 
  especially a non euro member . 
  how to score karma even if we are all drowning . 
  for two reasons if prices goes down salary and consumption will go down too . 
  there is a question who will be able to pay this low price ? 
  especially if a part of the society is laid off . 
  with out talking about the keynesian demand . 
  something else really important : the bilan sheet it touch the banks , multinational and the state . 
  bank and countries are internationalised . 
  their revenue ( tax , sell ) are in the national money and some of their spending ( debt , raw materials ) are in dollars . 
  if the country is in deflation the cost remain the same but the revenue will go down and you will end up with a debt crisis . 
  and worse it can go into a change crisis if people begin to use dollar instead of the national currency . 
  this can mean the end of the national currency . 
  i am myself not a expert but i wanted to say that this is far more serious than a yeah free stuff !!, 
  no because of expectation . 
  if you expect that the price will go down you will wait before buying or investing on something . 
  if everybody does that the economy will shrink . 
  because there will be less demand enterprise will hire less . 
  and there will be less investments . 
  this can lead to a crisis . 
  not for the muslim  : l seriously it 's not . 
  and those law will not be enforced with the exception of the true horrible stuff . 
  but it is better to complain . 
  the funny thing is that terrorist and rebel groups use game stream to spread coded messages . 
  and spying game server is planed source : someone from the dgse right after charlie hebdo . 
  already done that . 
  it was a tradition in the french empire to go through the arc de triumph every time we win a war . 
  but the ww1 was so horrible that we did n't want any other war . 
  this is why we put a anonymous soldiers , symbole of the violence of the war , under this warmongering monument . 
  because we did n't want to go through it again . 
  http://m.imgur.com/gallery/ggjcqp4 since 1923 a fire pit is revived every days by a child or a veteran . 
  http://m.imgur.com/gallery/lpqkrqi bonus with the german chancellor : http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20091111&amp;t=2&amp;i=12286972&amp;w=&amp;fh=545px&amp;fw=&amp;ll=&amp;pl=&amp;sq=&amp;r=2009-11-11t132751z_01_btre5aa11ek00_rtroptp_0_france-germany, 
  a new king for france ? 
  martin ! mahmoud !, 
  preparez la guillautine on as du travail !, 
  what is left of the 2nd world ? 
  russian have only bi\u00e9lorussia and maybe some stan country . 
  china is part of the 3rd world , cuba open up again to the us , every ee are trying to join or nato or eu . 
  v\u00e9n\u00e9zuela is now a failed state and the other latin american have long ago driften a part from russia . 
  what russia is doing is the last swansong of their empire . 
  this is the moment where russia is the most dangerous and also the best time to give them another choice . 
  why would we need to have a ennemy .
