  yes the 27 and britain, 
  i like to hear good news about my country and my neighboor . 
  and i happy that your country is going well . 
  go to france and buy it from illegal seller around the town or in the internet . 
  well we have a lot more cheese than that : brie , bleu d'auvergne , cantal , gruy\u00e8re , mimolette , munster , petit suisse ( often used as a dessert ) , pont l\u00e9v\u00eaque , raclette de savoie , reblochon , rocamadour , roquefort . 
  every r\u00e9gion and department have is own speciality each `` fromage '' are different . 
  you do realize that 100 years ago there was war who involve hundreds of thousands soldiers with million of death , entire country destroyed , disequilibrium in the demographic balance , death gaz and the threat of atomic war . 
  and now you are scared by 100 lost soul . 
  if we have only a free trade agreements ( fta ) : country a have norm on how to produce something . 
  country b do n't have those norm and can flood the country with cheap low quality products . 
  country a would have less interest in this free trade and will quit or will ask to make common norm . 
  if common norm exist , only condition to make a true fta , we will need a organization to regulate . 
  europe ca n't have a fta without common norm . 
  the goal of this union is to cut down the cost and maximize the profit . 
  we have a common market because we trade with our neighbour . 
  but by doing so it higher the monetary risk ( devaluation ) and to prevent it a lot of company pay for derivative . 
  more a country devaluate more it export . 
  and if one country does this the other will answer with another devaluation and we all end up with a monetary war ( disastrous for the economy ) . 
  for having more efficiency we create a monetary union . 
  the wish to have a stable exchange rate have always existed from the gold standard ( were every money have a set value ) to the first attempt to have a monetary union in the 19th century to the european monetary system and finally the euro . 
  for even more efficiency and relocate the right resources to the right place the freedom of movement of human was created . 
  it higher the tourist revenue and can bring worker were they are needed . 
  we will need a protection against protectionism too if we want to avoid monopoly and state owned enterprise who flood the market ) . 
  and once you have all of it you realize that you have union worth thousands of billion and using it as a negotiation power is the final goal . 
  all of this was made with only one goal efficiency . 
  the creation of the institution is just a neccessary byproduct of it . 
  well can still do a laisser faire policy but if nobody play by the rules every body loose . 
  devaluation war , cheap quality , tax heaven , end of minimum wage , less tax , less social charge and benefits . 
  true they took 1million and half people and only a dozen is suspected honestly i would have imagined more . 
  it is obviously the fault of the european union , leaving and paying a exta tarif on their exportation will make the uk great again . 
  i understand now why nearly every muslim country have the sharia law in the constitution but did n't enforce it . 
  i am not saying anything . 
  but coming from france i do n't believe any american announcing no go zone . 
  yes it matter the other articles annonce what is the focus of the journal , the seriousness and the bias . 
  asking if that matter make you look really dumb and make me question your education . 
  this time is different we have a sea to protect us , this is not like they can walk to europe . 
  wait, 
  read the other article of this `` journal '' this is a really funny site you bring here . 
  true symbole of ireland economy, 
  this 0 to 6million right ? 
  yes i did and i know that nearly every one of them end in blood , pain and happiness . 
  interesting i did n't think about that . 
  but i still stand there is a war of information and we are loosing it . 
  european leader if they do something wrong must be trialed and , if we do n't trust our own judiciary system , we should be able to trial them ( leader ) with the european justice court . 
  yeah moldavian are really small, 
  yep but we are already spyed by the brit and the american . 
  each time we have to beg to have their information . 
  the only difference is that it will be our own state and we will have the info faster . 
  and they lived happily ever after / s, 
  oversimplification, 
  international relations is not fair, 
  yes i did . 
  i never messed them before but since nobody correct me about it , i thought it my work . 
  but thank you , 
  as long as the comission is a incomprehensible black box it will be the government easy scapegoat . 
  even if the concil obey directly to those governments . 
  more power to the parlement will make the nationals governments play toys useless and then we will have true cooperation between the people . 
  this was the solution of australian . 
  each time they had a invasive species they introduced their natural predators and ended up with two invasive species . . ex rabbit < fox, 
  they just have to introduce a predator . 
  it will be easy / s, 
  i just realize that even if the donald and european are awful . 
  atleast the donald is fun . 
  damn the donald made racism great again . 
  if they did n't change the name it will be lost anyway, 
  there will be a lot of particle name : `` de '' with the town of origin . 
  ex : jean charle de villeneuve , marie andrea de basse terre and mohammed francois de saint denis . 
  and libanon ? 
  true . 
  but the point still stand . 
  northern cyprus is a vassal state of turkey but turkey recognize their independence . 
  this is not a turkish colony atleast not in the 21th century, 
  when someone you need to use this expression to explain how a population is treated this mean the solution is really bad . 
  only despicable country would use this logic . 
  there is no turkish colony in cyprus . 
  there is a wannabe state that only turkey recognize . 
  turkey will never label northern cyprus product in their name . 
  unlike palestine the french does n't recognize the existence of the state of western sahara . actually france does n't recognize palestine on this current condition and this current border , western sahara does n't exist at all ( in the eyes of french diplomacy ) . 
  i do n't get it . 
  on the res it is written x-posted . 
  if i did it wrong how should i do this then . 
  i am \u00e0 liberal socialist and i really advice you to vote . 
  because this is what democracy is . 
  even if it is for lepen . 
  the funny thing was that right after the american election they were saying that there was no chance of polling miscalculation . 
  because the french model was better than the anglo, 
  but jerusalem and the middle east will still be gods favorite place, 
  election in march need the socialist and communist vote . 
  castro is popular here, 
  i am french and i watch french news, 
  them ? 
  this is not \u00e0 terrorist attack, 
  the fact that a spanish was the one saying it makes it even more perfect, 
  great acting . 
  even if they tried to do better ( and i assure you this is what they do ) . 
  this will be disregarded by biased anti eu media . 
  ignored by the general population . 
  and the national government will stole the benefit and the credit of those law . 
  more than the rise of political islam i think that the is tied to the trend of rising populism . 
  of course if we transpose to a regular european country .
