i was just surprised that kozari bokovi & putovi have so many facebook and twitter accounts . 
  he 's a tough one/impossible to be categorized under national . 
  he had distinct and not so distinct croatian , bosnian , and serbian works . 
  the best author from ex-yu as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i suppose they 'll all lose credibility as political figures , but that should n't necessarily reflect on everything they said . 
  this is very hard to predict , of course . 
  sdp wo n't be weakened , that 's for sure , as bandi\u0107 was much closer to hdz . 
  but there are relatively strong political figures saying at this moment that this arrest will only strengthen his position . 
  he is still strongly supported , even on the internet social networks , surprisingly because his voters were mostly uneducated folks . 
  he has a lot of money people backing him up , and with popular support this can go either way . 
  however , judging from the arrests of the former pm and some other influential and prominent politicians , we the normal people of croatia hold strong hopes that this is a small step forward . 
  thing is , the guy heading the state department against corruption and organized crime , the guy who issued this arrest warrant , is probably a war criminal . 
  he was involved/responsible in at least some parts of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lora_prison_camp ) . 
  on the other hand , someone has to start doing things somewhere somehow . 
  i 'm probably too emotionally involved to be objective , though i am optimistic . 
  hope my rant helped you at least a bit . 
  this is really big for us now and i certainly was n't too coherent in my reply here , but if you 're still interested , do ask for the specifics , i 'll probably know more tomorrow . 
  hell , i 'll probably be sober , too . 
  yep , the mentality of people who reasoned : ok , he 's a politician , of course he 's a thief as well , it 's only normal that he should take something for himself , but he 's one of us , and at least i do n't have to pay for the text books for my kids . 
  i mean , dammit , take a step back : he 's a thief !, 
  and we all knew it for years , could n't do anything about it though . 
  to-day was a good day . 
  mami\u0107 next , please . 
  wut indeed . 
  i 'd love to see a continuation on that comment . 
  there 's words there :  `` yuropa , so grand and dauntless , naught once but time again shall sovereign speech govern thy lands of thee ... '' wut ? 
  you 're welcome and thanks  i hope that both croatia and your attitude towards her change for the better , 
  dude , you 're far from being wrong but you do come out as an asshole with your comments . 
  the problem with the referendum was partly a linguistic one . 
  there is no marriage in croatian , there 's ( holy ) matrimony , and a group of religious fanatics took advantage of a stupid law ( passed by the government only to ensure the referendum for croatia to join eu ) and general apathy . 
  however , it was countered by the government with a law that allows same sex couples to marry ( enter a life partnership ) and have all benefits a heterosexual marriage ( matrimony ) provides except child adoption . 
  that means tax deductions , hospital visits , inheritance , etc. 
  it 's a humongous step forward and we 're proud of it . 
  gay people get married ( enter a life partnership ) almost every day . 
   what if i get sick while i 'm vacationing in croatia ? 
  will doctors treat me badly if my boyfriend comes with me to the hospital ? 
  will i trust them to give me the best care - and will i feel safe being put on the operation table with anaesthetics about to go into my arm ? 
  you 'll get the same treatment everyone else does . 
  a good one if it 's a case of an emergency and shitty if it 's something complicated . 
  but that 's just the state of our health system . 
   what if i want to go on a boat tour with my boyfriend ? 
  will we have to pretend we 're dude-friends and not boyfriends for the duration ? 
  what happens if someone local notices me hug him while we 're at open sea ? 
  will there be a fight ? 
  here i can personally help . 
  i own a tourist company with a beautiful wooden yacht , and i would love to organize a gay cruise next summer . 
  feel free to pm me and i promise the only discrimination will be in a form of a discount . 
   what happens if the local hotel owner gets notice that my boyfriend and i sleep in the same bed ? 
  will he call the police and accuse us of stealing something to get us out ? 
  will we be beaten at the local police station ? 
  tourists can get in trouble for all kinds of stupid reasons like wearing a wrong sports jersey , loudly singing miley cyrus songs or wearing chetnik insignia . 
  there are no guarantees that you wo n't encounter hooligan assholes . 
  but that 's criminal behaviour and it 's not exclusively against tourists . 
  police are your friends in that case . 
  we most certainly are not the most progressive of countries but also not even remotely as backwards as the 65 % from that ridiculous poll might suggest to someone not too familiar with the situation here . 
  hope this helped a bit . 
  croatia can also of eatings https://i.imgur.com/am3scdx.jpg, 
  a perfect setting for a nightmare on elm street . 
  and we love you for that !, 
   this should be about the things we like in serbia . 
  his sentence , not mine . 
  people , literature , movies ... 
  well ok , i 'll grant you that . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  you do n't guess , you 've made up your mind , and no matter what anybody says you 'll stick to your ` you are fond of dictators ' rant . 
  it would be silly of me to continue this . 
   so every partisan get a state funeral ? 
  nope , just the wives of dictators . 
   the tito who was a dictator and had thousand of people murdered and oppressed opposing views ? 
  sounds like a lovely bloke . 
  he was a military dictator , no doubts about that . 
  but he was n't just that . 
  far more than can be said here and now . 
  she was a member of anti-fascist , partisan movement in the ww2 . 
  there were only two countries that defeat the nazis on their own . 
  the soviets and yugoslavia . 
  largely because the movement consisted of young people such as she was . 
  oh , and she was tito 's wife . 
  he was the guy who lead the resistance and tried to ease the cold war for 30 + years . 
  now , what are the odds for that ? 
  as is probably forza in italian . 
  still , not funny . 
  sweden . 
  so you took the test twice . 
  cheater !, 
  lol , no . 
  perhaps to strengthen the stereotype about former socialist countries and politicians . 
  it was mostly a joke . 
  sorry about the todoroslavija stuff , i do n't see how that could have bothered someone so much that they would ask you to not do them anymore . 
  back to your comments that are still here . 
  you made some broad generalizations and while generalizations can be good and useful for something that does n't interest you very much , they are in no way good for a more serious discussion . 
  also , you 've called me retarded and that 's not how a discussion is encouraged . 
  no wonder i 'm ending it . 
  well , i ca n't keep your reputation for you , can i now ? 
  still waiting on that report . 
  personal ? 
  i would n't be as kind to/patient with someone i did n't know . 
  [ yep , just follow the money ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7m71wmwwro ) . 
  simple as that . 
  pls do n't bomb dubrovnik this time .
