  wales & england have been more fully integrated for years in terms of perspectives . 
   only the england rural countryside ? 
  you know there are a lot more cities in england and wales than just london , right ? 
  exactly my thought . 
  wtf ? 
  if it fits within your carry-on luggage restrictions, 
  agreed . 
  the different crosses have a lot of historical significance , this version feels far too ... * french * ... 
  ca n't go wrong with a bit of bill , 
  bill bailey reference ? 
   turkey has completed only one of 35 policy `` chapters '' every accession candidate must conclude . 
  all but 13 policy chapters in ankara 's negotiations are blocked and the european commission , the eu 's executive arm , says turkey does not yet meet required standards on human rights and freedom of speech . 
  how about turkey actually tries making progress with the requirements for membership then ? 
  that is precisely the solution as it currently stands . 
  and unfortunately the lack of movement towards that solution , or to be honest * any * solution is causing ill will :(, 
  honestly ? 
  if it 's what the scottish people want , then go for it . 
  it 's their choice . 
  that said , if they do n't want it , then we really need a proper solution to the west lothian question , as devolution has caused some unfairness in who has say over what issues . 
  pretty sure it 's not a nazi thing ... 
  i 'm probably in the minority of my fellow islanders , but yes , i certainly consider myself european as well as british and english . 
  possibly a combination of coming from the south-east , meaning the rest of the continent was easily visitable , having an interest in history meaning i 'm more aware of how our various cultures have mingled over the years , and having a number of friends from a variety of countries . 
  and wales . 
  anyone who insults czech beer has never tried czech beer . 
  just no . 
  i guess this is n't just triggering for the scots . 
  we would say `` 10 centimetres '' and never use `` 1 decimetre '' . 
  the town of bled in slovenia . 
  wonderfully picturesque town next to a clear blue lake surrounded by snow-capped mountains , with a castle on one side of the lake . 
  in lake is a little island with a church on it , lit up by spotlights at night . 
  visiting there felt like i was inside of a postcard . 
  plenty of times . 
  grew up around farms ; setting up a few cans & targets and shooting them was something to do if bored once i and my friend were old enough . 
  shotguns too when out looking for pests or shooting clays . 
  shakespeare , i guess . 
  we have a laundry list of things that were pretty reprehensible in our history . 
  makes it all the more grating when you see idiots bigging up the old empire days thinking that they were something to be that proud of . 
  yes . 
  very very yes . 
  i 'd disagree personally - i 'm in brum and it 's a wonderfully green place - but then i may have some bias there !, 
  eh , i 'd not entirely agree with you , though you have picked some pertinent examples !, 
  i 've friends in coventry , believe me you could have it worse , 
  heh , yup i know northampton , and that does explain a bit . 
  wiki suggests that [ there are over 90 around the rest of the country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pret_a_manger#outlets ) . 
  not a patch on greggs , but still significant . 
  not so much these days . 
  much like how greggs used to only be a northern thing , pret is very much across the country now . 
  certainly not as frequently seen as a greggs , but they 're all over the place . 
  there 's 3 or 4 in birmingham , for example . 
  takeaway food is definitely popular here for something to eat at the end of a night out or occasionally as a main meal . 
  fish & chips is pretty british and very common , though indian , chinese , italian and turkish cuisines are also very popular - kebabs are generally best eaten whilst inebriated . 
  for fast food , wimpy is our nearest equivalent to a mcdonalds-style menu ( though it includes table service , with proper plates & cutlery ) . 
  greggs and pret a manger are popular for pastries and baked goods . 
  we also have various chains like dixy chicken which are kfc-style chicken restaurants . 
  whilst the chain originated in south africa , you can not visit without having a cheeky nando 's . 
   make it harder for unions to go on strike . 
  many would consider that to be a worker 's right . 
   lowering tax . 
  primarily benefiting higher earners rather than those who need it . 
   never always a bad thing . 
  i 'd view privatising essential national infrastructure and services as a very bad thing that has no business being privately owned . 
  it 's all a case of perspective i guess . 
  lots of alternative music fans too - rockers , goths , metalheads , etc. . . 
  the people do have a say . 
  they have a say through their elected representatives . 
  these are the people who decide on laws . 
  we do n't have direct democracy , we have representative democracy . 
  it goes through phases - as a small kid , you 'll say it freely . 
  then as an adolescent , parents become uncool , so it stops being said . 
  then as an adult you realise it 's ok again . 
  it 'd be used with parents as part of saying goodbyes , in general . 
  quite common to sign off a phone call using it . 
  y' know what , mate . 
  mate . 
  mate . 
  y' knowwhatmate ? 
  i mean , not like that , right , but i fucking love you man . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  not like that , but i am so grateful to be your mate . 
  you want another one ? 
  exactly . 
  in the uk we drink plenty enough coffee , especially office workers through the day . 
  but if you 're actually having a meal at a restaurant , coffee is for * after * the meal . 
  you 'd order it alongside or instead of deserts . 
  he picked his flair whilst lying down, 
  [ apparently not ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b007jdfn ) . 
  country music from ness to nashville . 
  and that 's for those on the higher end ? 
  that 's horrific . 
  we work to live , not live to work . 
  ca n't say i 've ever heard of them here in the uk , and i 'm in the right age bracket for them . 
  i always learn `` i 'm sorry , i do n't speak { language } , do you speak english ? '', 
  first of all when visiting another country . 
  i 'll try learning more to have basic conversations , but knowing enough to explain your ignorance is essential . 
  english here . 
  honestly , it 's up to the scots . 
  if they want to break away , full power to them . 
  if they want to stay , they 're completely welcome to . 
  the general vibe i get is that most english people are on these lines - it 's scotland 's decision , not ours , and they should be in control of their own destiny . 
  but if they do want to leave , do it properly .
