  he was the voice of death in many productions of terry pratchett 's novels , and even went on to produce his own heavy metal albums , for which he received the `` spirit of metal '' award in 2010 . 
  a knighthood , ~ ~ ancestor ~ ~ descendent of charlemagne , bafta academy fellow , and one of very few hollywood actors who could claim to have a real-life nazi kill-list . 
   to do that one has to kneel to the queen no , to do that you take an oath that you will keep everything discussed in the privy council secret . 
  bowing is not mandatory . 
  `` i do n't believe just cause ideas are tenacious , it means they 're worthy '', 
  there really is nothing wrong with that image . 
  is n't pretty much everything in finland fermented in a bucket for a few weeks before serving ? 
  love you too , you filthy frogfucker, 
  it works both ways . 
  we and france are like siblings - deep down we care about each other , but on the surface it 's expressed as public contempt and bitter squabbling . 
  do n't forget a dab of worcester sauce, 
  i think you may be being a bit old fashioned , yes . 
  given that medical debt appears to be the biggest cause of bankruptcies in the us , [ affecting millions of americans each year ] ( http://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/health/2014/03/26/medical-bankruptcy/ ) , i struggle to take your comment seriously . 
  medical debt . 
  last time i went to a hospital was after breaking my arm from falling off a motorbike . 
  had a trip to the hospital , x-ray , provided with two weeks of codeines , all without a single bill . 
  i later went to my gp as the codeines were n't helping enough , where he prescribed me two weeks of morphine , which i paid a grand total of less than # 10 for . 
  us health insurance seems bloody horrific to me by comparison . 
  it is an issue with our education . 
  history taught here tends to be extremely brit/western-eurocentric , concentrating on william the conqueror , viking invasions , tudor/stewart era britain , wars with france/spain , and wwi/ii . 
  hell , i learned more about the american revolution in english classes than i did in history . 
  nothing at all about colonial activities with the exception of india , which is more focused on how gandhi changed things rather than how we went in and seized everything . 
   i will never have to face the realities of war you had conscription as little as 42 years ago , and the draft is still in place as a contingency . 
  and these countries tend to be members of coalitions of other countries that work together . 
  that aside , `` they are at the mercy of countries like mine '' is honestly a creepy as hell sentence and sounds like a straight-up / r/shitamericanssay stereotype . 
  well done , i did n't think they existed . 
  hey now , that 's unfair . 
  the us has been at war for the overwhelmingly vast majority of its existence , whereas many smaller countries have enjoyed long , long periods of peace . 
   the atrocities of imperialist britain should be taught in british schools agreed . 
  those of us that studied history gcse did get taught about things like the amritsar massacre and the occupation of india , but unfortunately it is an optional course . 
  the empire is mostly ignored in general education . 
  really makes those brits who go on about how glorious the empire was seem pretty sadistic and ignorant . 
  i was n't the original complainer btw  but as a birmingham resident , damn right it 's a beautiful city !, 
  our language is very sophisticated though , you 're right - we stole most of it from around the world , fuck yeah multiculturalism !, 
  where do you think they got it from ? 
  i think it started in the moba communities , the salt being from people 's tears . 
  essentially a variant of `` u mad bro '' . 
  ahah , gotcha , apologies . 
  i think they thought that ireland was a part of the schengen area , so would be obliged to police their border between us . 
  yup , ireland is n't in the schengen area either , so our border arrangements are purely between the two of us to agree on . 
  for the rest of the eu , certainly . 
  but i was being specific to the uk-irish agreement as i was replying to an irish poster . 
  we 've had [ free travel between ireland and the uk since independence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) , being in or out of the eu is n't going to change that either . 
  that 's more like a private in-joke where none of the rest of us get it . 
  we all thought that was a practical joke played on the rest of the world, 
   `` explore '' is the right approach , banging them head-first against reality is not they need to get the hell off the internet , then . 
  i visited about 15 years ago , so this may be a little outdated now . 
  good : most of prague was absolutely beautiful . 
  some of the best beer i 've ever tasted . 
  amazing rivers to canoe down . 
  fresh bread rolls for a few pence . 
  bad : * throngs * of prostitutes everywhere . 
  seriously , they seemed to be almost like gangs . 
  both : we found a brand of washing detergent called `` colon '' . 
  honestly , most of the gop candidates are like wacky , ca n't - possibly-be-true stereotypes of america , brought to life . 
  i thought that was an [ urban myth ] ( http://www.snopes.com/media/notnews/pi.asp ) ? 
  come on now , we 've produced some genuinely amazing poets over our centuries . 
  invictus is pretty damn awesome : out of the night that covers me , black as the pit from pole to pole , i thank whatever gods may be for my unconquerable soul . 
  in the fell clutch of circumstance i have not winced nor cried aloud . 
  under the bludgeonings of chance my head is bloody , but unbowed . 
  beyond this place of wrath and tears looms but the horror of the shade , and yet the menace of the years finds , and shall find , me unafraid . 
  it matters not how strait the gate , how charged with punishments the scroll , i am the master of my fate : i am the captain of my soul . 
  no , but you think the pig fucking story was the only one they have stored on the back burners in case he decides to push things ? 
  no bias there at all , eh george ? 
   they still see themselves as an empire-to-be-again . 
  i do n't think it 's that - it 's more that we are proud , and do n't like the idea of being ruled by others . 
  historically we have had long and protracted wars with many of our nearby continental neighbours , and whilst we have respect for them , being told what to do by them leads to a natural resistance . 
  high street is the most common one we have - the majority of every city , town or village has one . 
  it 's usually the main street in any locale , from a time when `` high '' meant superior . 
  we 've many common ones where their origin is fairly obvious like church street , station street or park lane . 
  we also have many roads named after another town that they lead to . 
  they often change name partway - for example , the a45 out of birmingham is called `` coventry road '' , but closer to coventry is named `` birmingham road '' . 
  london road is obviously a very common road name . 
  there are a lot of roads named after monarchs as well , often after they have ceremonially visited or travelled along them . 
  kingsway , queensway , victoria road etc. . . 
  according to [ halifax ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.lloydsbankinggroup.com/globalassets/documents/media/press-releases/halifax/2009/02_01_09_street_names.pdf ) , the most popular street names in the uk are : 1 . 
  high street 2 . 
  station road 3 . 
  main street 4 . 
  church street 5 . 
  victoria road 6 . 
  park road 7 . 
  church road 8 . 
  london road 9 . 
  manor road 10 . 
  new road 11 . 
  park avenue 12 . 
  queens road 13 . 
  kings road 14 . 
  church lane 15 . 
  green lane 16 . 
  alexandra road 17 . 
  the crescent 18 . 
  george street 19 . 
  grange road 20 . 
  main road 21 . 
  king street 22 . 
  the avenue 23 . 
  new street 24 . 
  north street 25 .
