there 's , like , a river or something ? 
  maybe ? 
  indeed , also known as greater london, 
  now you 're starting to get how we feel . 
  ... london, 
  no problem  [ `` city of london '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_london ) is a specific region within london itself . 
  it has a separate mayor , police force , etc. . . and is legally treated as a [ corporation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_london_corporation ) rather than a district . 
  when people talk about london being a financial centre , they 're talking about the city of london . 
  `` london london '' in this instance was a colloquialism to mean the wider london area , what most people think of when you say `` london '' . 
  my use of ` london `` london '' london ' was a further humourous reference to `` london london '' . 
  yup , i 'd see it as the exact same issue . 
  scotland largely feeling they 're dictated to by politicians in london , with no real awareness of what 's happening outside of the m25 . 
  it 's cool , 
  looks as divisive as our marmite issue, 
  see , we * knew * all those years of violent oppression would turn out alright for you !, 
  london `` london '' london . 
  that 's an international issue , not a dispute within our own country . 
  practically no-one from the uk cares what argentina believes about the matter . 
  yeah , issues like this are heard more because it 's easier to get heard online . 
  general news outlets still barely mention it . 
  essentially , london vs the rest of the nation . 
  unlike , say , germany , the uk has most of its government agencies based in london ( with of course a few pertinent exceptions , like the dvla in swansea ) . 
  almost all major media production is based in london . 
  and london is certainly very strong compared to the rest of the nation in financial terms . 
  what this has led to is very much an `` us vs them '' perception . 
  many outside of london feel disenfranchised , and the media often compounds this sensation - i know , for example , that many in london feel the 2011 riots were specifically a london issue with the equivalent of a few rocks thrown in the rest of the country . 
  reporting on the issue at the time barely acknowledged that there was any disturbances elsewhere , until 3 people were killed in birmingham . 
  tl ; dr london is the centre of the universe ** edit : ** oh yeah , and marmite . 
  just do n't talk about it , it 'll only cause grief and bitter arguments . 
  heh , i 'd expect newport to have more of a gloom over it than cardiff to be honest !, 
  it 's weird , i was down that way a few weeks ago for a wedding , and as you say when we changed trains at cardiff it was absolutely miserable and i had some foreboding about the planned beach celebrations , yet further out westwards it was absolutely glorious weather . 
  this is not what i expect of wales . 
  it was actually a beautiful warm sunny day , especially amazing for south-west wales !, 
  dinas head on the right , fishguard harbour on the left , for those curious . 
  i took a picture of the [ welsh-irish border ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gqad6rd.jpg ) last year . 
  i 'm not an economist - i 'm just refuting your claim that the uk has not undergone any austerity . 
  more like slashing public sector jobs , raising taxes , and trashing the welfare system, 
  some real / r/shitamericanssay level stuff, 
   there was zero austerity in the uk . 
  fuck right off . 
  you evidently have absolutely no idea how things have been pushed to shit in the uk in the name of austerity . 
  honestly their behaviour is more reminiscent of north korea than anything these days, 
  i thought deutsch was german ? 
  reactors . 
  exactly - far easier to extend an existing site than create a new one . 
  i think we have a good few single-reactor sites currently . 
  well , they 're pretty heavy , so you 'd need something like a jcb or bulldozer to get them out of most walls , but if you persevere you 'll probably manage to get one . 
  agreed , currently it 's something like a fifth ( ? ), 
  of our power is from them . 
  that 's an awful lot of coal and gas we 're burning to make up the shortfall . 
  i gather edf are looking to build three more reactors in the future as well . 
  welcome to the 1st world !, 
  apparently they closed after 9/11 because terrorism . 
  yes ? 
  we have nine . 
  we just have n't built a new one for a while . 
  edit : 9 plants . 
  16 reactors . 
  haha nice !, 
  i mostly remember that they had the largest plasma ball i 'd ever seen , and spent ages playing with it . 
  glad that we 're finally getting a new one , it 's well overdue . 
  one of my grandparents lived in sizewell so i got to see the last reactor getting built whenever we visited . 
  edit : ooh they reopened the visitor centre !, 
  if you 've never been to one , i can highly recommend it ; i used to constantly badger my parents to go whenever we were near . 
  they 're fascinating and have loads of hands-on interactive displays , an easy free day out for inquisitive kids http://www.edfenergy.com/energy/education/visitor-centres, 
   you started it that was a different poster . 
  do you know just how difficult it is , in any situation , to prevent human error ? 
  no matter how many inspections , checks , confirmations etc. . . human error has caused the space shuttle to crash , trains to derail , planes to collide etc. . . nothing , no matter what measures or inspections you put in place , will eliminate it . 
  it 's the scots who like battering everything . 
  they can probably concoct some kind of delicious battered cabbage for you if you ask nicely ? 
   i wear the label proudly . 
  in a nice shade of fuchsia, 
  shunner : someone who shuns something ; to avoid , ignore , reject etc. . . minge : slang for vagina tl ; dr : he loves the cock . 
  i believe you 're correct . 
  when the motivation for a crime is because of someone 's religion/orientation/race etc. . . then it 's a hate crime . 
  that also means that it 's a hate crime if someone is attacked for being straight , for being white , etc. . . 
  what a rimnugget . 
  bit of a cheat considering that it 's already in civ 5 , but [ big ben !, 
  ] ( http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/big_ben_%28civ5%29 ) * cost of gold purchasing in all cities reduced by 15 % . 
  * +4 gold, 
  exactly . 
  standing still ? 
  you 're obstructing the path , citation . 
  there 's a reason you never discuss politics or religion with new friends !, 
  not to try and argue against your experiences , but british expats and those who still live in the uk tend to have very different views . 
  people in the uk do n't give a damn about bp being called `` british petroleum '' for example . 
  and holy hell people actually still argue over wwii debt ? 
  tl ; dr expats tend to take national issues a hell of a lot more personally than those still in the country, 
  agreed , my favourite on the list . 
  the white stonework makes it really stand out and looks a lot cleaner than many of the others , and coupled with the contrast of the roofs it looks beautiful . 
  that can be said with pretty much every building on the list . 
  we do have the problem of overexposure of our own architecture . 
  viewed with a fresh set of eyes , it is a pretty impressive piece of gothic work . 
  thanks , though not entirely sure i 'd agree - i think hungary 's is pretty spectacular . 
  but that may be down to overexposure of our one !, 
  agreed ; much as i 'm a fan of the classic era buildings ( hungary 's is beautiful !, 
  ) , the modern georgia building is a very impressive construction . 
  well done to them !, 
  you like us so much that we 're in all the versions !, 
  i presume that in kerry these jokes are targeted at an actual specific person .
