  ukrainians are at the beginning , but the system itself is not bad and it can work , provided it stays free of outside influences . 
  it was more of a metaphor and less of an actual comparison . 
  thing is , the 1990s hit us really hard , and we 've struggled to recover for the better half of the 2000s . 
  our growth is still remarkable . 
  these types of posts , from romanians mind you , do n't do anything to repair our image abroad . 
  we should be celebrating our achievements , not criticizing everything . 
  the very fact that we 're able to have this discussion on here is a step forward from where we were in the 1980s . 
  dude , you 're literally the tunisia of europe . 
  like , literally , i ca n't tell marseille apart from tunis . 
  you have some , ahem , ahem , french individual blowing himself up every two hours . 
  i 'd go easy on the attacks if i were you . 
  we may be poor , but at least we have an identity . 
  my main issue is with you posting this here , like we do n't have a clean enough reputation already , 
  romania has been `` getting fixed '' for the last 26 years , with certain periods of stagnation sprinkled throughout . 
  fact is , we ... ca n't go any quicker . 
  a 5 % annual growth basically classifies our economy as a `` tiger '' . 
  we simply were extremely backwards , and that legacy ( or lack there of , really ) is hard to shake off . 
  we still have a good 20 years , if not more , until we 'll be able to say we 've caught up with the `` pack '' . 
  and even then , we 'll be behind the likes of germany . 
  we 're doing well currently ... we could be doing better , but we could be doing a lot , lot worse . 
  just look at ukraine for crying out loud . 
  they were above us by quite a bit in 1990 . 
  also , serbia . 
  and guess what ... there are still people like op who like to complain about everything . 
  people keep forgetting that we were n't always just mediocre easterners , we were fucking piss poor even for easterners . 
  the problem is lessening , albeit at a pace that 's getting slower and slower . 
  its effects are also seen mainly in the big urban centres . 
  there * are * areas in romania left behind completely . 
  the youth is either moving to the cities , or abroad . 
  localized growth makes sense in a capitalistic framework , since the state does n't plan anything from bucharest anymore , meaning jobs do n't get spread out . 
  we 've made incredible strides , it 's just that we were at the level of , say , ghana , in 1990 . 
  the fact that our gdp per capita is now in the same category as yours or hungary 's is remarkable . 
  the definition of `` poverty '' has changed a lot . 
  oh , please . 
  in the 1990s we were a third world country through and through ... the average wage was somewhere around 90 usd . 
  we 're getting there ... things are not great yet , but we 've made great strides . 
  shit like this only serves to damage our credibility abroad . 
  also , it 's important to note that the definition of `` poverty '' varies a lot . 
  a `` poor '' person today would be quite well off by the standards of 1993 . 
  it would seem that they are , yes . 
   i guess that people speaking multiple languages bothers you . 
  just like it bothered the french in the 19th century . 
  perhaps , but you did n't disprove any of them and i 'm not advocating for genocide . 
  you want me to give a point by point explanation of why i stand by what i said ? 
  i will , but i do n't think it 's necessary . 
  i like the way you spin it . 
  you should work for trump . 
  i 'm not lol . 
  it 's well known that all the balkan peoples are a cluster-fuck of genes from all sorts of different ancient ethnicities , which is completely understandable given the history of the region . 
  i was merely stating facts about france . 
  should i say it in arabic ? 
  perhaps you misunderstood me . 
  now they agree that the gypsies are not an usual minority . 
  their culture relies on isolating themselves from the rest of society , living by their own , archaic rules instead and coming up with ways to con the majority in order to profit from their naive idealism . 
  actually living alongside gypsies tends to do that , eh . 
  i mean , look at the western europeans , who used to act all patronizing , suggesting we treat them more humanely in the 90s , and now they mostly agree with our position about them . 
  yes , we 're all very similar in this region , but the french will soon be a minority in their own homeland , so that 's better , i suppose . 
  it 's not like france forcefully assimilated its minorities , like the occitans or the bretons , forcing them to adopt french language and deeming their actual , native languages `` dirty and peasant-like '' . 
  get off your fucking high horse . 
  oh , yeah , this 'll show those terrorists !, 
  forget about actually doing something ; project a flag on a building and you 're set !, 
  still not proving me wrong . 
  `` hurr durr you 're a nazi '' . 
  go live in ferentari if you love them so much and are oh so tolerant . 
  or do like che , go there as the intellectual , bohemian savior and rally them up against the evil state that does n't like them very much . 
  i do n't care . 
  i searched your post-history to see where you come from , since you do n't have a flair , but there 's no mention of it anywhere ... i 've seen that you frequent thebluepill , though , so i 'll just assume you 're a purple-haired hipster `` liberal '' from the west who 's never seen a gypsy in his/her life . 
  i 'll be more direct : as a pest . 
  like `` what did our ancestors do wrong for gypsies to settle here en-masse ? '' . 
  all they do is cause trouble . 
  if we know what 's good for us , never . 
  mad respect to all our bros over the prut , but we 're finally starting to see the results of our economic growth since 2000 and adding them into the mix would drag us back immensely . 
  we need another 15-20 years of continued 4 % yearly growth at least before we 'll be able to deal with incorporating moldova into romania . 
  at this rate , i think greece will be there before us . 
  we 're continually growing , mate . 
  nah , i prefer it up here . 
  can you see me , bulgaria ? 
  i 'd argue that during ceausescu 's era we could n't be considered third world ( shortages were due to his totalitarian frenzy rather than due to the economy itself ) , but that during the 90s , after the sharp decline of our gdp , hyper inflation , deindustrialisation , what have you , we were a third world country in every sense of the word . 
  i mean , 1997 net minimum wage was around 250 present day lei . 
  that 's ... abysmally low . 
  i guess what it means is that we 're in that grey area between the developed countries and the developing ones . 
  considering where we started , it 's an achievement . 
  i 'll show this graph to any romanian who says that the eu has done nothing but turn us into a source of cheap labor . 
  like , dude , look around you ... we 're certainly not `` rich '' , but we 're not third-world anymore . 
  a lot of that is due to our eu membership . 
  we 're also way less corrupt now than when we joined , politicians are actually sort of afraid to do bad stuff because they know the judiciary will actually do something if they do . 
  bottom line is : we might be the retards of the eu , the ass of all the jokes , but the eu * is * silently pushing us upwards . 
  are ... are we no longer a developing country now ? 
  dude ... we have a very high hdi ? 
  if i recall correctly , in the 90s , we were at , like , 0.690 . 
  it 's kinda impressive , but i bet this wo n't make the news , because we 're cynical as fuck as a nation . 
  for what it 's worth , last summer when i went to cluj for untold , i 've met some really cool hungarians who told me the same thing . 
  there * are * a lot of nationalists in hungary itself , though . 
  it 's such an ... unfortunate coincidence , is n't it ? 
  i mean , you live here , you know we are n't gypsies . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  i was genuinely kidding . 
  i 've figured by now the dude is n't actually a hungarian `` veszen trianon '' nationalist . 
  true , main difference being that many hungarians glorify the crap out of that apartheid regime .
