  but first , we sort of have to elevate our infrastructure to at least passable levels . 
  romania is absolutely not a first world country , but it 's not a third world country either , that 's why i said it 's in a `` limbo '' . 
  i do n't get `` touchy '' , it 's the truth that we 're poor by european standards , but this dude is an outright communist , and his solution would probably be bringing back ceausescu from the grave , or something . 
  he 's the one who fucked us over in the first place . 
  i guess our 1848 revolutionaries are to blame lol . 
  we should 've stuck with `` vlachs '' . 
   the minimum wage is 207 $ / month ( 925 lei ) after taxes . 
  the point still stands . 
  we have to encourage more successful people to have kids , and actively try to raise the minimum ( net ) wage to acceptable levels . 
   the educated urban people need quality affordable child care . 
  yes , and the government needs to subsidize it . 
  it also needs to compensate companies for their temporary loss of workforce . 
  well , to be fair , your society is sort of built around your ... abnormally large population ( japan is slightly bigger than romania , yet it has 6 times the population ) . 
  i sometimes hover over japan in google maps and am always astonished by the sheer * size * of tokyo . 
  it 's humongous . 
   gypsies holding romanian passports i would say ~ 75 % of them are gypsies , if not even more . 
  the ethnic romanians who choose to leave do n't take their entire families with them and are much less ... noticeable ... by the native population . 
  when people confuse us with the gypsies , it 's due to confirmation bias and your fucking spineless media that ca n't get itself to actually pronounce the name of the ethnic group causing trouble , and fuck us over in the process . 
  ah , i had a feeling you would take the discussion there . 
  it 's quite difficult to earn 200 euros a month , since the minimum wage is higher than that , but regardless ... i do n't really think the people working * below * minimum wage should be the ones at the helm of our population growth , so to speak . 
  we have to do something in order to encourage educated , urban people to have children without them having to sacrifice anything . 
  like it or not , this sort of population decline is common among all first world nations , and romania is in sort of a `` limbo '' . 
  as our economy grows , it 's natural that people stop having kids . 
  i happen to know you 're a radical leftist , so that 's why i said i was not surprised to see you take the discussion there , 
  goddamn it , i sometimes hate western pc media . 
  and a significant number of the people born in the `` golden era '' were left to literally rot in orphanages . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that a net loss of population due to natural causes is quite logical , considering we now live in a `` free '' society and people can choose to focus on their careers and standing in society before having a kid . 
  we have to keep in mind our population was artificially brought to almost 23 million ( from ~ 15 million in 1948 ) by ceausescu 's draconian abortion policies . 
  i believe the explanation is that most of the people who went to germany were already working abroad in some other eu country , most likely italy or spain . 
  this statistic is about the people who left * romania * in 2015 . 
  no ... most hungarians ( especially those from cluj ) are exactly like us . 
  we 've been fucked over by the same people . 
  it 's just that these sorts of celebrations from both sides revive certain old ... animosities . 
  i have to clarify something : in the context of this discussion , i define `` hungarians '' as `` citizens of hungary '' . 
  of course they 're ethnically hungarian , i simply have something against people who feel more of an allegiance towards the hungarian state , while still residing in romania . 
  it 's like an unhappy marriage where two people stay together for the kids . 
  if we both dislike eachother , let 's each go our different ways . 
  on the contrary ... i simply am against romanian citizens actively trying to undermine the romanian state by receiving funding from the likes of gabor vona , if that rings any bell . 
  i 'm not a fascist , i just think transylvanian hungarians need to respect the romanian nation by learning to speak romanian , at the very least . 
  also , if they could stop block voting for corrupt , ethnically based parties , that would be great . 
  i have nothing against most hungarians in romania . 
  it 's not like romanians were second-class citizens and were forced to assimilate in order to be integrated into the `` elites '' , or anything . 
  they 're not . 
  if they want to be , they can move to orbanland . 
  we do n't need foreigners inhabiting our lands . 
  le : i have to clarify that i define `` hungarians '' as `` citizens of hungary '' in the context of this discussion . 
  transylvanian identity has always puzzled me . 
  it 's like a form of stockholm syndrome . 
  of course i respect people who have this kind of flair , since it 's their right , but when people like you say shit like this i have to respond . 
  i have to admit i do n't really like people from over there . 
  they 're too stuck up , they 're `` slow thinkers '' and they think they 're much more `` western '' than everyone else . 
  of course , not all of them , just people like you . 
  le : nevermind , dude is hungarian . 
  the border is open , my friend , do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 
  transylvania was never `` hungarian '' , romanians were always at least a plurality . 
  you might have some inferiority complex as a nation you ca n't seem to get past even after all these years . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i do n't think lukashenko is any better than putin , though xd, 
  yeah , well , belarus is in a similar position to what poroshenko is describing and i think that , in many ways , that can be worse than being in a `` crimea '' situation . 
  this is truly sad . 
  fuck , and this morning started out alright . 
  happy birthday , northern neighbours !, 
  hopefully you 'll manage to fully distance yourselves from your troubled past . 
  we should probably just legalize it and tax the hell out of it . 
  hopefully if nicusor dank gets to power . 
  other parties would just shit themselves at the sight of daniel . 
  and [ for a change of pace ] ( http://janinderuimte.nl/wp-content/uploads/full-day-bucharest-tour-the-old-town.jpg ) . 
  bucharest represent . 
  has germoney forced you to adopt their humour now , too ? 
  it 's not * all * that bad , considering we were missing our medal factory , aka the gymnastics team . 
  then again , even if they were present , biles was monsterkilling every apparatus so it likely would n't have been much more than a silver . 
  still disappointed for catalina , though . 
  also , we 've had chances in the men 's sabre - nothing ; in women 's handball - we lost to powerhouse angola ; in rowing - a single bronze ; in judo - we got fuck all ; in boxing - we were robbed by the refs . 
  we likely could 've finished with at least 10 medals if we capitalized on our chances , and tokyo is likely to be an improvement , provided we fucking manage to qualify with our gymnastics team . 
  then again , you 're right , funding is shit , and it needs to be changed . 
  snow is cool for the first few days , but then you remember it 's below freezing so it does n't melt . 
  the best season by far is autumn , but then i guess it 's all subjective . 
  dude , it 's like 20 degrees and cloudy here :d have we traded climates ? 
  it gets worse , trust me . 
  extremely hot summers and ( sometimes ) very cold winters . 
  no oceanic influence whatsoever . 
  enjoy . 
  some of these fucking things were so bright , i thought the russians were invading . 
  alas , it was just rain , and now it 's british weather over here . 
  i , too , know the pain of diacritics sneaking their way into english text . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but do n't hungarians pronounce `` b\u00e9cs '' as `` bitch '' ? 
  i think that 's hilarious , especially given the historical context . 
  it 's all tongue in cheek mate  i 'm from bucharest , i do n't even have relatives in transylvania . 
  `` kolozsvar '' stuck out like a sore thumb , my apologies , 
   hungarian names for cities in ardeal  triggered, 
  you have more of the rednecks and less of the breathtaking landscape , 
  no arsenie boca though . 
  i think a certain level of corruption in society is inherent , since humans are easily corruptible , and nations are arbitrary  that does n't mean we can not strive for less and less corruption . 
  i was born and raised in bucharest and still i ca n't get used to the fucking commie architecture . 
  it burns my retina . 
  true , but recently we 've seen a lot of progress made in regards to dealing with corruption , at least at the high level . 
  our autonomous anti-corruption office is responsible for 95 % of the cases . 
  if we relied on the general prosecutor 's office , we 'd still be where we were 10 years ago . 
  maybe we can export st. codruta over there to help with the mess , 
  it 's also like that over here , and so far it 's worked tremendously .
