yeah man , keep doing what you 're doing . 
  this sub needs more stuff like this , 
  it 's sort of surreal to be told `` good morning '' in the afternoon :d, 
   and you think you can convince them to change the name of their ethnicity because you want ? 
  nobody cares what they call themselves in their language , i 'm talking about what people call them in english , since that 's the de facto lingua franca of the world . 
  we 're being called `` gypsies '' left , right and center exactly because of attitudes such as the one you exhibit . 
  romania is a nation-state , built around the romanian ethnicity . 
  if it was n't , we wallachians would still be under turkey and the transylvanians would still be under hungary . 
  yes , gypsies are romanian citizens , ~ ~ unfortunately ~ ~ , but the romanian state has poured hundreds of millions of euros into their communities in order to get them to send their children to school , and they still largely prefer * their ways * . 
  take quota places in high schools and universities , for instance ... i know a dude who took one of those places , and he 's fucking white as heck and blue eyed . 
  the real gypsies are not taking advantage . 
  in other words ... mai du-te tu tare cu tiganii tai . 
  because people will confuse them with us . 
  i wish we could stop being p.c. 
  and just try to be pragmatic , for a change . 
  the confusion between gypsies and romanians is a huge pr disaster on our part . 
  my dude , i understand that you 're `` tolerant '' and `` enlightened '' , but i really dare you to go to a gypsy neighborhood at night . 
  or really , just ride a tram full of gypsies playing gypsy music from the speakers of their phones . 
  it 's easy to act holier than thou from your cozy intellectual bubble . 
  also , can we please just fucking stop calling them `` roma '' ? 
  they 're gypsies , that 's what they 've always been . 
  we 're not doing ourselves any favors here . 
  do n't go around sharing our valuable culinary secrets , mate . 
  that 's true , and it 's a pity we ca n't have `` old '' bucharest back . 
  but it 's not such a bad city . 
  dude , there 's a lot of brutalism , but most of it is centered around the big avenues and the big `` worker '' neighborhoods more towards the outskirts . 
  the beauty of this city , if you could call it that , is going beyond the `` facade '' ... in many cases , old houses are hidden behind humongous blocks of concrete . 
  there are still a lot of old streets that have barely changed in the past 100 years . 
  i think it 's a sort of complacency , combined with us * living * here that makes us not realize that , heck , this city is actually way nicer than it was 15 years ago . 
  as is the country . 
  well , see , for * that * you have to take the 139 bus and ride it to the very end of the line . 
  texas , baby . 
  bahaha , bucharester born and raised and i still do n't see my apartment bulding in videos like these . 
  only a few subway stations from unirii , as well . 
  never said otherwise  i 'm not a fan of his music , but dude has mad talent . 
  with a good song , he 'd genuinely have a shot . 
  it 's not slang , but it * does * mean face , does n't it ? 
  it 's * exactly * the same in romanian , with the same meaning and all . 
  the `` t '' is pronounced like a `` ts '' , though , 
  i always like how , in these maps , us romanians are shown to have gone down a different ( but still latin ! ), 
  route than the rest of the romance speaking peoples . 
  makes me feel like our language really is unique . 
  then again , there 's unique , and then there 's `` basque '' . 
  fuck it . 
  we 'll send salam and win the entire thing . 
  dude , do n't you want us to send gold like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mc8d_lrel8 ) next year ? 
  i think this is the ... second time ... i 've witnessed iohannis smiling in almost 2 years . 
  do you truly believe everyone who supports celtic considers themselves `` irish '' ? 
  same thing here . 
  the part which i guess is the shittiest if the fact that you 're severely outnumbered by the tory voting english , thus you 're more likely than not to be stuck with tory governments for the foreseeable future . 
  anecdotal as it may be , i have some scottish friends who voted `` yes '' and they all did so pragmatically , not out of any sort of british identity or sense of belonging . 
  in wales you could argue successfully about the existence of a british identity , but in scotland , not as much . 
  no , i do n't have the necessary insight , hence why i chose to refrain from saying more . 
  i just view it as somewhat similar to the catalonia situation in spain . 
  i kinda have to feel for the scots with any sort of national identity . 
  i will refrain from saying more on the subject since it does n't directly concern me , but their fellow scotsmen have this weird tendency of fucking themselves over everytime they get the chance . 
  but you can not be sure it 's the current year brah, 
  i think this image best describes romania in the past 15 or so years . 
   it 's largely a waiting game at moment for all the old people to die off oh brother , this seems to be the problem everyone in eastern europe :d, 
  6-700 euros . 
  bucharest is a state within a state , really . 
  the turks are quite different , yes . 
  in my neighborhood in bucharest ( iancului ) , there are quite a lot of muslim families who have integrated perfectly . 
  all of them speak perfect romanian and most of them are citizens . 
  they 're mostly jordanians , palestinians , egyptians who came to the country to study in the 1970s-1980s . 
  let 's just hope copos and moraru will rest in pieces . 
  or in prison . 
  i 'm actually an undercover rapid fan :d, 
  it 's quite a `` long story '' , but , in a nutshell , ceausescu tried to pay off all our external debt by enforcing extreme austerity across the country , serving food as `` rations '' while exporting everything else , cutting off power when it was n't absolutely needed etc. 
  this was during the 1980s , when repression was at its worst and the securitate ( the secret police ) were at their most powerful . 
  these two factors were the main reasons behind the romanian revolution of 1989 . 
  eh , spain and italy are sort of viewed as our `` distant cousins '' , so the culture shock is almost non-existent . 
  the language is extremely easy , as well , since the accent and grammar are identical . 
  they 're seamlessly assimilated and most of them have romanian wives , though . 
  not the arabs the dude is talking about :d, 
  castellon i think it was called ? 
  media here talks about it as a sort of `` new romania '' :d, 
  that would probably be the correct terminology , if it existed . 
  we 're in the same league as argentina or uruguay . 
  heh , over here we call our aromanian cousins `` macedonians '' . 
  i often wonder how many of them assimilated , 
  we probably will in the future ... right now it would n't be practical , though . 
  we 're barely starting to get our economy moving and moldova would just bring the entire system down . 
  abortion was illegal , and condoms were n't sold either . 
  thus , many women had to undergo makeshift abortions that often killed them ... most did n't have the courage to do it , though , and had 3-4-5 kids . 
  we had an entire orphan humanitarian crisis at the beginning of the 1990s because of this . 
  can you fucking blame us , though ? 
  british media is the worst at that , also . 
  then again , british media is the worst at just about anything , apart from football broadcasts and car shows . 
  yes , yes , the gypsies are wonderful and we 're just regressive assholes . 
  i wish we could all be as enlightened as you are . 
  they become citizens , but they do n't add up to romania 's population figures . 
  romanians working abroad are romanian citizens , as well . 
  moldova is a sort of battleground come election time , but other than that , they do n't really influence anything over here . 
  i actually agree . 
  it 's also way too late for any of that , though . 
  multinational empires were due to collapse sooner or later , as were transcontinental ones based on colonization . 
  now , i suppose transylvania could 've stayed independent on its own as a sort of `` eastern switzerland '' , and that would 've probably been more `` fair '' to everyone , but it being annexed by romania was the second best alternative . 
  we should probably embrace the fact that we 're a `` cheap '' country and try to get people from the west to start their businesses here and take advantage of our cheap , yet quite educated workforce . 
  that 's the way to go , i reckon .
