  you have to order them repeatedly ? 
  here they just send a new one to your official address when the last one is close to expiration . 
  you 're missing a plugin but you are n't missing out , i assure you . 
   the world leaders who have done the most to improve the world have been those who were willing to go to war ( lincoln , churchill , fdr ) i must argue out of principle . 
  it 's true that war is sometimes necessary and changes are easier to do when things are in a flux ( such as after war ) but saying that the changes justify the war ( as i feel you 're doing ) or that the changes were good is a large stretch . 
  also : does lincoln count as a `` world leader '' ? 
  he led a fragmented country far from the political centres of the time . 
  did churchill 's decisions create a better world ? 
  the world was on the edge of destruction for decades , not to mention the iron curtain . 
  gandhi , mandela , adenauer . . heck , even carter changed the world without resorting to war . 
  it 's slower though , and somewhat harder to appreciate sitting in jail for 20 years or doing slow decades spanning negotiations than appreciate the power of steamrolling your demands with the aid of bombs . 
  not to mention that uber is effectively soliciting illegal taxis . 
  ( i assume that in france , as in finland , you need to study for a taxi licence before you can operate taxis as a business . ), 
  they say that the numbers in finland are so low because one doctor started to reach to the gay community and do public service interviews about condoms on tv even before the first case in the country was found . 
  as a result , most cases of hiv were caught while travelling ( and apparently , from sharing needles ) . 
  is that 's what 's it 's for ? 
  i just sniff it . 
   so , most are members out of habit not conviction . 
  but lutheranism goes far deeper than merely believing or not beliving in god . 
  it is deep in the fabric of the society past and present and has been molding us and the way we think even about the ordinary matters ( such as work , having rules , paying taxes etc ) . 
  * living inside it we just do n't easily recognize it all , and i 'm not the best person to ask about that . 
  * this might be unasked for , but you did such a good job otherwise , that i thought to give this a go from sociologist 's pov . 
  emile durkheim [ claimed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_elementary_forms_of_the_religious_life ) that religion reflects the society : priest and the local church is far more than just a place of worship : it 's also a place where community meets , information is shared - both officially ( inside the church ) and unofficially ( rumours outside the church ) . 
  even if you remove the religious aspect , many of the functions are still very important in finnish society , particularly on the countryside : church arranges activity clubs for children , hobbies for older children and adults etc. 
  i live 800 metres from an isle that the local church operates : a beach , a sauna , fireplaces etc. 
  all for public use , for free ( including a boat that goes to the isle by the hour ) . 
  i have a friend who the church employs to interact with teenagers at the ( county operated ) youth house . 
  meanwhile , max weber 's [ protestant ethic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protestant_ethic_and_the_spirit_of_capitalism ) claimed that the way religion interacts with the rest of the culture affects the culture 's values . 
  church does n't just tell us what to believe , but how to live by that belief . 
  the common example is quote that calvinists believed that being rich meant you were blessed by god , so by getting rich you were getting to heaven as well . 
  far less quoted is the part where religion-influenced-culture starts to order itself around `` religious '' values : weber quotes seeing a man joining a baptist church in the usa because the church did background checks for their members and he wanted to be a bank manager : thus joining the church made him a better choice for the mundane job . 
  in other words : the wannabe-bank manager might not have been religious , but having acted in a way the church found pleasant ( as they would find out when they went through his friends and family ) he was far more likely to success in life . 
  this goes in finnish life as well : you do n't have to be christian ( you might even be a muslim ) but if you internalise the values of finnish lutheran church ( eg . 
  have certain hobbies , interests , certain `` respectable '' diploma etc. ), 
  you are far more likely to succeed in life . 
  could we make a new one ? 
  i was quite happy that i understood that !, 
  also worth noting that `` nation-states '' are a construct of the 19th century . 
  before that , the state was more-or-less just the area/people that owned service to a monarch/government . 
  this is one of the biggest reasons why europe only had few countries ( empires ) that were relatively peaceful ( not in open revolt ) . 
  after the idea that nation = state , the empires just collapsed as the monarchs lost the justification that kept them on top of a collection of nations . 
  disregarding the current policy with greece -- people should have a vote in how their country is governed . 
  if it 's just germany 's leash ( as finland is now , more or less ) then the rest of europe are just autonomous colonies to a german empire . 
  more the less , germany has shown that it is n't above using the situation for their benefit . 
  the budget surpluses the country enjoys are very close kin to the colonial plundering . 
  cultures are n't born in vacuum , particularly car-centric ones . 
  the us-cities are far older than the automobile . 
  the current situation is due to intentional dismantling of public transportation and creating of legislative , cultural and infrastructural environment which favours cars over other modes of transportation . 
   high density allows for efficient and cheap infrastructure . 
  see public transportation in american cities ? 
  yeah . 
  there are very few us states that have lower population density than finland . 
  the states with higher density still have worse public transportation than finland . 
  [ person gets tied up and water slowly falls one drop at a time at the same location ( head ) for hours . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_water_torture ) idea being that even though it 's just water and the drops themselves do n't hurt , the combined effort makes the skin sensitive , making each drop hurt like hell . 
  combines nicely with the anxiety of knowing the next drop will follow in few seconds . 
   the only thing further east is russia . 
  at least if you do n't count the caucasian republics ( and we do n't ) . 
  and if that does n't work , he also seems to walk around in public with a pistol . 
  right . 
  digging the results out was harder than i realised . 
  ( kyll\u00c4 , paljon / kyll\u00c4 , v\u00c4h\u00c4n / en / eos ) * ( do you believe you 're in minority on the following categories : a lot , a little , no , idk ) . 
  the published results for [ 2014 barometer ] ( https://tietoanuorista.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/nuorisobarometri_2014_web.pdf ) ( p. 26 ) are for the whole population ( 15 - 29 years ) 11 % for sexual identity and 8 % for transpeople ( i 'm pretty sure these two categories have overlap , but who knows how high ) . 
  the paper also states that women are more often in minority than men - i saw the raw numbers at some point and seem to recall it was about two percent points more , but as i 've been remembering things so clearly in this topic thus far , i 'm not going to swear on it . 
  surely usa 's domain is . us ? 
  . com is international . 
  im on phone till monday , but i think it was 2009 or 2010 . 
  if you are still interested then , ask again . 
  but i do n't really understand why 0 - 10 scale is a joke or why people would n't choose something in the middle . 
  on short term prices flutter . 
  on long-term , they rise . 
  when talking of company 's future , you do n't talk short term . 
  i did n't realise we were speaking as accountants . 
  but oil and gas are incredibly dear , more so every year . 
  i did give a source :  finnish youth barometer, 
  the company controls huge natural resources , most directly . 
  even without the backing of the federal state it 's a very prosperous company . 
  the problem is not in resources , but exchanging them to currency . 
  it depends how you categorise . 
  the finnish youth barometer uses sliding scale and only very small minority says they 're fully hetero . 
  iirc 20 % said they 're homo - or bisexual . 
  and you get trans - etc. 
  on top of that . 
   also , just one correction - coffins are what dead bodies are put in before being buried . 
  you were thinking of coffers - a coffer is a kind of chest used to store valuables . 
  thanks . 
  i like to think i 'm pretty good with english , but this is still only my second language . 
   if they 're worth that much , how can they not afford to pay turkmenistan ? 
  putin might be raiding gazprom 's ~ ~ coffins ~ ~ * coffers * to cover other losses due to sanctions . 
  and gazprom probably is n't doing too well due to the war either . 
  gazprom was and is worth a trillion dollars . 
  but the money is dependant on supplying europe . 
  the quoted countries rose in the hdi * before * they joined eu and/or nato . 
  back when they were still `` third world countries '' in the original definition of the word . 
  it 's not only guns but * what kind of * guns . 
  getting a shotgun is relatively easy in finland ( for hunting ) but handguns are much harder to obtain ( afaik ) . 
  and carrying shotgun concealed ( even sawed-off ) is n't that easy . 
  it 's sexier if they 're not completely naked . 
  leaves more for imagination . 
  i mean , is the building art deco or perhaps more modern * risqu\u00e9 * bent ?
