  his power levels are over 9000 ? 
  we killed some vikings . 
  and then we continued hunting , farming and raiding each other . 
  they also did alan wake and quantum break . 
  per week . 
  i do n't know what the questions that go into making the index are , but keep in mind that meaning of `` happiness '' is n't directly translatable . 
  in finnish , for example , `` happy '' would be translated as `` onnellinen '' ( lucky/content ) or `` ilo '' ( short-termed joy ) and un decided to go with the former . 
  so , what it tells us that finns ( and danes ) are lacking of real problems and can concentrate on being unhappy ( joyless ) on frivolous things such as people being ugly at a party . 
  after all , people are [ internally calibrated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hedonic_treadmill ) to be the same amount of happy ( `` joy '' ) no matter what 's their lot in life in general . 
  thanks lenin !, 
  i think it 's that something in how she positions her head . 
   1815 borders is n't that the area held by russia , and any larger extension would mean annexing land from other countries ? 
   established a rather progressive republic i do n't agree , but then , i do n't know much about the topic . 
  do you want to expand on that ? 
  keep in mind that the whites were in the driver 's seat for a time before lenin pushed them over . 
  their politics were conservative in nature ( meaning : they tried to continue the course tsar had plotted ) while balancing with their precarious position in the shifting political climate of russia of that time . 
  most europeans living in the former russian empire ( such as myself ) mostly remember whites for their opposition of new independent countries - something not shared by lenin . 
   i see a sssr map , what could have become of all those countries if only the white army won the civil war . 
  nothing good . 
  the whites were not interested in letting client states go , unlike the reds led by lenin . 
  lenin also honestly did try to make things better and did ( with his successors ) rise the standard of living almost astronomically . 
  so while soviet union went to the dogs , white russia would have been just business as usual -- and the assassinations , civil war etc. 
  happened for a reason . 
  nokia x did exist . 
  everybody has beliefs . 
  that those beliefs are christian are n't any worse than marxist or nihilistic - provided the politician has n't claimed anything that she ca n't uphold . 
  mistakes into miracles , eh ? 
   especially when their disorders are frankly this `` special '' . 
  note that the reporter intentionally blurred the diagnosis ' because they wanted to speak about the situation of the institutions in general , not about this individual in particular . 
  as such , they did n't really talk about her diagnosis , just about few of the symptoms . 
  however , she has papers from the doctors , so probably she really has problems . 
  but the food stuff . . aspergers often have problems with their food choices . 
  that was n't the problem with her , though . 
  she could have moved to cheaper stuff if she could afford a microwave . 
  but she does n't , so she consumes expensive protein smoothies - a partial solution that i 've witnessed few aspergers doing . 
  this time there 's additional `` being poor is expensive '' , as microwave needs a loan but the smoothies are right there . 
  and anyway , that was n't really the reason why she was n't working . 
  that was the reason why not working was so expensive for her . 
   which is a bad move . 
  people like this need to be treated , in finland we moved from institutions to `` open care '' ( avohoito ) where the patients do their own stuff as they can and few times a week they go/somebody comes to check that everything is ok . at the same time they help they do therapy . 
  it 's much better for the patient ( both mentally and therapeutically ) and cheaper for the state , too - keeping them locked in institution costs about 10 000 euros per week ( and this was few years back ) . 
  and then there are people who ca n't do work no matter what . 
  at that point all you can do is make her comfortable as cheaply as possible . 
  the state seems to have fucked even this . 
  i read this more like `` why do n't you just die '' . 
  they move people away from institutions because they 're superexpensive to maintain . 
  the fact you 're well enough to not kill yourself is a long way from being able to work . 
  possibly . 
  the translation was still erroneous , as `` perus '' means `` ordinary '' , as opposed to special or distinctive . 
  for example , i might translate `` an ordinary day '' as `` perusp\u00e4iv\u00e4 '' . 
  the website was perhaps translated in hurry by someone who was n't very practiced with nuances . 
  it does n't mean anything , as finnish voters arent voting based on the english name . 
  after all , they 're voting `` regular '' , not `` true '' . 
  the real problem is that it turns out that `` regular '' education for finns voter is one who never went to university and never did debate or negotiations before , so they 're easily manipulated by the other parties . 
  yes , i did say that . 
  the true finns was a translation error popularised by journalists for drama . 
  the government platform is almost completely opposed to the promises they made before the election . 
  they said they were going to the government to support the little guy , but in effect they 've danced on the table for few symbolic concessions . 
   true finns the `` perus '' in the name ' `` perussuomalaiset '' is the same as in `` perusj\u00e4tk\u00e4 '' ( average joe 's ) . 
  if you do n't want to use the official translation of `` the finns '' , use `` the normal finns '' or `` the average finns '' . 
  the implication being that they 're the base standard on which the other parties ' voters define themselves against . 
  you 're not doing anybody favours with wrong translation . 
  ( and i 'm a trenched vas-voter , before anybody says anything . ), 
  edit : i 'd also argue against centre party 's alingment . 
  the party leader is on the right and thus the ministers , but the party itself is in the true centre . 
  if you want to define the parties , it might be better to identify to what european party they belong to . 
  i think those look really nice . 
  continentals are way too interested in details over the whole . 
  makes the whole look cluttered , cheap and `` blingy '' . 
  visited napoleon iii 's apartment in louvre and i did n't feel as much awe over the wealth as much as wonderment how i ended up on a booze cruise to tallinn when i thought i was in paris . . ofc , should n't have done that , but the end-result is still really nice . 
  i think that apart of the highway that 's still a very nice looking area . 
   you keep defenses fit by having an army ready for invading . 
  you keep defenses fit by having an army ready for * defending * . 
  for example , finnish army 's only reason for existing is to rebel an invasion from east . 
  everything is preparation for that one event : what weapons to buy , what defenses to build , how to prepare and use surroundings to the best advantage ( such as having all the bridges fitted with places for charges or having supplies stashed near defensive measures beforehand , not having that many roads going west-east in lapland etc ) . 
  a finnish army would be piss-poor at invading other countries ( such as no training on desert warfare , no long-distance airplanes for moving supplies ) but we know superbly well how to use forests for our advantage and where to put resources for the maximum oomph . 
  it 's a question how to use limited resources . 
  finland will never win a decisive victory over russia , but it can make them pay for it ( `` they won enough land for their graves '' , as they said of ww2 ) . 
  we 'd lose in the end , but before that finland would be another vietnam with russia playing the part of americans . 
   it 's why iraq went from having the 5th largest army in the world to a bad joke . 
  i do n't know anything about battle of france ( other than that you lost ) , but iraq is pretty clear : it 's not just about numbers , but equipment and training . 
  and they went against usa and allies . 
  the end was predetermined . 
  but iraq made usa bleed soldiers and money for a decade . 
  if bush had n't been so hellbent on getting the oil , he would have left it alone . 
  as such , the war was a success - even if the propaganda preceding it was n't . 
   if your plan goes no further than defense , all you 're doing is postponing your defeat . 
  being ready and able to counterattack , forcing your enemy to consider their own safety , their own back lines . 
  forcing them to leave back troops or face envelopment . 
  that 's how you defend . 
  when i speak of `` invasions '' , i speak of operations in africa , asia , far from the borders . 
  of course a good defense involves guerrilla tactics to the enemy logistic lines . 
  the logistics and plans for defensive war are quite different from invasion . 
  usa had an army for invading . 
  they have kept it in shape , but it 's a different method than how you keep defences fit . 
   some guy posted the tweet in this thread . 
  read it . 
   i did , it missed the context as explained in the article . 
  or did it also have the previous tweet and we 're talking of different posts ? 
  the first fire brigade in rome just stood next to the burning house with a contract for transferring the ownership of the domus for pittance .
