  he 's 79 years old . 
  he looks like that because several facelifts and botox . 
  that face is more plastic than flesh . 
   oh , man , when i said i 'd be glad if someone could enlighten me what 's the legal situation with this one in poland , i meant that i think the book is banned because of the very contents . 
  or was at some point . 
  ah , i thought you spoke of copyright laws . 
   if i remember correctly , that you can own a copy but if you 'd like to sell it , you ca n't distributing and taking money for it are two different actions . 
  the german ban was based on the fact that the copyright holder ( the state ) did n't print it and as they had monopoly , nobody did . 
  i would think that the polish ban would be based on the german copyright . 
  but perhaps you have an actual law ? 
  seems like a small thing to legislate over ( particularly when the copyright holder is of like minds ) , but who knows . 
  i know , it reads in the ops title . 
  but that does n't seem relevant to the conversation . 
  or am i mistaken ? 
   i think that would be still illegal if it 's true that you can own that book but ca n't sell even used copies . 
  that would mean you ca n't share the contents because the idea it carries ; and while downloading via torrents you have to share at the same time . 
  that 's why i do n't use them at all . 
  if a work is in public domain ( or properly cc ` c ) you can do whatever you want with it , as long as it does n't break laws that have no relation to publishing industry . 
  i do n't really understand the part about `` selling used copies '' . 
  are n't used book stores a thing in poland ? 
  the idea seems incredible to the point of impossibleness . 
   i 'd be glad if someone could enlighten me what 's the legal situation with this one in poland ? 
  the original text is in public domain , but any translation done would have its own copyright . 
  barring that you can find cc-licenced translation at net or that the translator died before hitler , you would have to legally pay for it . 
  edit : the official translation for polish was from 1992 . 
  it 's likely the translators are still alive . 
  if you want to torrent it legally on your lifetime , better start asking prices for contract killings . 
  flair up . 
  that 's * schadenfreude * in german or * vahingonilo * in finnish . 
  my point was that if it was / r/news or / r/worldnews many europeans apparently unsubsidise those due to being too us-centric . 
  you mean one of those that have us-centric news that many europeans disable due to not being interested ? 
   literally the front page of reddit a few hours ago . 
  on what sub ? 
  having the graph have zero would n't hide the trend . 
  seriously : 30 degrees . 
  but in helsinki there 's public temperature meter near the centre , and the scale goes from -25 to +25 , because no way will it ever be warmer . 
  expect you have all the best shit because `` west-sweden '' was richer . 
  sweat rooms of some sort are fairly traditional in most cultures . 
  it 's just that in europe the church succesfully destroyed the habit during the middle-ages , which allowed it to be `` re-exported '' from north during the 19th and 20th century . 
  it 's not even about living conditions , it 's just that producing those living conditions ( in crowns ) costs less in jordan due to differences in economies ( and the valuation of jordan 's currency ) . 
  it shows us concretely what usa ( and some other countries ) have negotiated . 
  usually these things tend to run on the same trends , particularly as the main negotiator is the same . 
  this makes it relevant to europe by association . 
  i must be mixing things up , then . 
   there was n't a lot of wealth perhaps ( though there was some , just look at the style of the rebuilding of \u00c5lesund in 1905 ) , but for the common farmer it probably was n't the worst . 
   ibsen was n't ibsen the writer who wrote about how badly things were in norway for the average person ? 
  dollhouse ? 
  in the swedish or russian empires if you mean as `` not as independent country '' or `` sweden '' if finland went all atlantis . 
  vowel in swedish , too . 
  ca n't speak for the other languages . 
  well , i was on the course . 
  it was over ten years ago , though . 
  it could n't have been a special course for our school as we had a printed book in the same series that we had used on the earlier courses . 
  but things can change a lot in a decade . 
  in finnish y is always a vowel . 
  and it 's pronounced the same way . 
   but you do n't say `` as an european , '' you say `` as a european . '', 
  right ? 
  but the spelling with `` an '' is still correct ? 
  the first three letters , when pronounced , should be vowel , consonant , vowel . 
  there was a link earlier in the discussion which illustrated this well ; if you pronounce `` herb '' with a `` h '' ( as the brits do ) , then you write `` a herb '' but if you pronounce it with silent `` h '' ( erb ) , as the americans do , then you spell it `` an herb '' . 
  brits and americans pronounce `` e '' in `` europe '' as `` y '' ( yurop ) . 
  but i guess that as far as there is no `` official '' way to say anything , you can pronounce it as `` europ '' and spell in the same manner . 
  but people who have n't heard you speak would be confused !, 
  ( btw , i 'm no authority . 
  in the earlier post i even reversed the meanings of `` pronounce '' and `` spell '' ) . 
  depends on how english has been taught . 
  in finnish schools , english pronunciation is a voluntary class at the third year of high school - almost exactly ten years after the students have started studying english . 
  ( which explains why finnish pronunciation is somewhat lacking . ), 
  because while it 's written with an `` e '' , it 's spelled with `` y '' ( hence , yurop !, 
  ) , and for some reason `` y '' is a consonant in english . 
  keep in mind that religious people tend to think their holy book as corner stone of morality . 
  so you get really extreme sounding comments like `` bible should be the law '' when they just mean laws should have a moral stand ( like no killing ) . 
  the same problem could well be had here . 
  nordic counries are protestant , meaning that the king/president is traditionally also the highest official of the church . 
  it also means that the priests are state officials . 
  ( finland is moving away from this , but the church law can still only be changed with the permission of the church . ), 
  negative freedom of religion is still fairly recent , and getting out without jumping through hoops was only legislated in 2003 . 
   laponia there is n't laponia anywhere , but historically , it [ belongs to us both ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laponia_%28historical_province%29 ), 
  something positive happens : torille !, 
  something negative happens : perkele !, 
  it is n't . 
  book-finnish is an amalgamation of local dialects . 
  some of them used to have as much difference as estonian and book-finnish do today . 
  many of the differences between estonian and book-finnish are just results of differently invented words within the last 200 years combined with different phonetical signs . 
  do you want to play a quiz game ? 
  first question : how do advertisements work on web and why do sites have them ? 
  second question : how do sites get content from professionals ? 
  but should he come here ? 
  i mean , if you create images as a work ( i imagine , for example , that the taker of the picture in op 's post is a combination of both luck and squatting in the forest for weeks ) then that 's your work , not crawling through the web searching for people who are undermining your ability to pay rent . 
  just because somebody does n't tut you does n't mean that what you 're doing is right . 
  that 's extremely poor argument , though . 
  we 're all responsible for each other . 
  even without going with '' [ you would n't steal a policeman 's helmet ] ( https://youtu.be/alzzx1xmazg ) '' - line , we should do what we can for our fellow man when we can , an not only when we ca n't avoid it . 
  there 's also fyrom , which is also never going to be an eu member with that name . 
  large electricity bills help . 
  border control is n't organised by the eu . 
  do n't be an idiot/troll . 
  political parties work on four-axis that are liberian ( individual-first ) / republican ( state-first ) and egelitarian ( equality-first ) / conservative ( old-values first ) . 
  ( by professor of social policy hartley dean ) when you push that into one line , you get a really strange line-up .
