  i 've always wondered the meaning of this song . 
  * uncle lenin lives at russia . 
  from there it 's a long way to vietnam . 
  but i think that uncle lenin lives as close as uncle [ hatsimin ? ] . 
  lenin has such a large brow , that you can fit there the whole world , and the sky too . 
  and uncle lenin smiles and his eyes twinkle as with uncle [ hatsimin ? ] ... 
  * ( at this point i went and googled the song . ), 
  this is a translated , but not localised , song from vietnam . 
  i always wondered why a finnish song would bother referring to the vietnam over and over again . 
  i just thought this was a protest song against usa and the vietnam war . 
  generally though , i really dislike the finnish tradition on singing all `` serious '' songs ( including old children 's songs ) like they 're meant for a funeral . 
  i much preferred cypriot-version of * internationale * to the finnish one and * uncle lenin * always wants me to slit my veins , which is probably why i 've never listened it beyond the one minute mark . 
  i tend to leave the room when it starts to play . 
   i 've spent a year in scotland and there 's no summer like we think of it . 
  the summer they have is what we call mid-april and then it just skips to late october . 
  i 've spent a year in scotland as well . 
  wonderful place . 
  the summer starts in may and continues till october . 
  lovely place . 
  i fear going out ( to pick up groceries , for example ) solely in a t-shirt and i 'd never go out in a tank-top . 
  as a finn , i think this looks like the perfect day on the beach : sun is shining , nobody else around and there is n't even any ice in the sea , so you know the water is really warm . 
   100 dollar coin [ i think she looks pretty caucasian ] ( http://www.coinworld.com/content/dam/cw/news/2015/july/071315/npg_high_relief_071315/2015-w-high-relief-100-merged.jpg ) ? 
  am i missing a joke ? 
  the war in east ukraine is reigniting ? 
  why do n't we have more upvoted threads about that , instead of this silly picture of trump being trump ? 
  are nationalists and liberals different groups in sweden ? 
  i would have saidthey 're pro-nato and leftists against . 
  a bit more , i think , but they 're concentrated on only few neighbourhoods and then to be young , so they 're really prominent on the street if you 're walking about in the right places . 
  pretty badly . 
  the neocons have led them by the nose and the finns ' voters ( who tend to be the ones who suffer most of the implement policies ) start to be rather annoyed . 
  popularity has been cut into half and the current chair of the party ( also the founder ) is in danger of being ousted . 
  the main contestant is halla-aho , a very soft spoken person who 's main claim to faim is his very wordly blog . 
  has a doctor 's degree and used to be a researcher , so he 's very far from the `` uneducated neanthertalian '' stereotype . 
  edit : the very strange spelling errors are due to me having four dictionaries installed on the google keyboard . 
  i 'll leave these as an evidence instead of trying to fix it up . 
  not really . 
  it 's the normal distinction between mob rule ( eg . 
  the people who would show up vs. the people who stay home because they 're content ) and opinion formed by majority through discussion . 
  it 's the same mechanism that makes sure that reddit mods only ever hear how they 're shitty and should die . 
  in french , `` bureau '' means both office table and the room where it 's situated . 
  most languages have similar equations between tools and their implementations . 
  my personal favorite is when it goes to the other direction : `` calculator '' used to be a profession . 
  now it 's a tool . 
   allow you to study something that does n't benefit society ? 
  i 'd disagree that i would n't be `` benefitting society '' . for one thing , the things are taught on the university because they are deemed to be important , and that means that they need to be passed on both to next generation of researchers as well as laymen who can then interact with those researchers . 
  if some of those people trained in that field do n't happen to be able to use their degree ( either directly or indirectly -- and i 'm going to underline that i assume this to be an extremely small number ) , then from resource management view this is a small cost . 
  one teacher will teach 20 people for the same cost they teach 25 . 
  on the other hand , if we have higher unemployment ( as we do now ) it 's cheaper to keep a person at the university a while longer than to keep them on the unemployment benefits -- the possibility that they will `` pay it back '' to society is much higher after gaining a degree . 
  on the other hand , i 'd like to underline that even as you are on the university , you are n't just studying a certain field - you 're studying a technique of doing things . 
  you 're making social connections and probably picking languages and hobby skills on your free time , any of which can find you employment later ( or secure a slightly higher wage , even if you `` fail '' ) . 
  and even if you ca n't do that , you might be useful otherwise -- it 's a great thing , for example , to have an unemployed architect living in the same building , as they will end up reading all the official documentation from the area and prepare the building co-operatives in writing better counter-arguments to the city council 's plans . 
  ( a real example . ), 
  not to mention that most people are more than happy to talk about their areas of speciality to other people when asked or even unsolicited -- meaning that they bring a certain amount of quality even `` normal '' discussion and thus indirectly rising the passive knowledge of a community they take part in . 
  there 's a lot more to going to university than getting a well-paying or interesting job afterwards . 
  sure , i 'd be disappointed if i could n't use my degree after graduation in my employment ( either directly or indirectly ) , but the things i 've learned while at uni have developed my thinking , made it possible for me to make more educated choices in life and gain more knowledge independently . 
  i can do many things on my freetime that i could n't beforehand and i would continue to dream that someday i could use my knowledge `` for real '' . 
  i 'd never say that being here has been a `` a waste '' . 
  if i had wanted to get a well-paying job , i 'd have become a plumber . 
  this has the nice bonus you can actually say while travelling `` where are you from ? 
  i 'm free '' . 
  on the other hand , `` freeian '' does n't exactly roll out of the tongue . 
  i 'd be a good pope . 
  vatican needs more socialism and i 'm ready to deliver . 
  the monarch is the head of anglican church , i believe . 
  would be strange if the head would be of different faith than their flock . 
  [ meant saint pierre and miquelon , the most glorious of french posessions in north america . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_pierre_and_miquelon ) . 
  yes , france both north and south of mexico !, 
  so they 're surrounded !, 
  germany , 1944 . 
  '' [ bring in the next prisoner . 
  i thought the food in finland was expensive due to being separated from the mainland . 
  what 's denmark 's excuse ? 
  you realize the above writer ( as well as myself ) live in a country that * does n't belong to nato * and the op * did * give reasons other than `` lack of sense of responsibility '' ? 
  well , they do n't have to change * never * , just not in , say , 50 years . 
  for example , i doubt north korea has very big generation gap . 
  other examples include agrarian societies of both yesterday and today . 
  our industrial/post-industrial societies are the expection historically and perhaps even in today . 
  the generation gap exists when the society changes . 
  in a completely static society there 's no difference between young and the old ( expect age ) . 
  any cross will do , really . 
  based on this text , he seems to be one of those people who think with their brains , not with their hearts . 
  and the recent developments are all heart , no brains . 
  during the past 16 years ? 
  healthy or not , you do n't look like the kids the photo if it was anything like descripted on this thread . 
  those kids look rather healthy for current or recent nazi camp prisoners . 
  we have been trying to develop one for decades . 
  britain always shot it down , making us rely on nato even when not all of eu belongs to it . 
  the best part of brexit is that we can finally do something . 
   but remember what stalin said , `` quantity has a quality all its own . '', 
  one of the main reasons why finland allied with germans in ww2 was that we ran out of bullets due to the ongoing zergrushes in winter war . 
  that is n't really a strategy you can use in democratic countries . 
  the casualties are too high . 
  the difference is that even if french military were stationed in poland they could still trust the goodwill of the native population . 
  the costs start to spiral fast when the natives consider you to be invaders . 
  depends how you define europe . 
  the eastern border cuts through the cultural area . 
  western turkey does n't differ radically from balkans . 
  historically speaking , there is less reason to include scandinavia than asia minor . 
  ah , the classic new coke/slurm-routine .
