  i bet your family and friends are n't super religious . 
  it 's a religious magazine with tabloid stories of what happens if people loose faith in jahve . 
  tosi el\u00e4m\u00e4\u00e4 is a religious magazine and the sales are to people in faith . 
  you are as likely to find those people on reddit as people who live in nursing homes . 
  oh , teddy is at it again . 
  for some reason this line in features made me laugh :  new map font ( it 's not comic sans ), 
   now , its like 14 \u00b0 ... or as we in finland call it , `` midsummer '' . 
  making electricity creates also heat . 
  many countries , such as nordic countries and poland , take advantage of this by equipping the plant with the ability store and transfer heat as well . 
  this cuts electricity usage ( as you do n't use it to make heat ) and lowers the waste at the plant as well . 
  as the operation costs are shared by heat and electricity , the price of later is cheaper as well . 
  the plants can convert about 75 % of potential energy , while `` normal '' plants only do about 30 % . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm writing from memory . ), 
  karl marx-the-scientist ( really great writer and had a really amazing way of using government research to prove his points - i 'm a huge fan ) , emile durkheim ( did really fancy research on religion and suicides , among other things . 
  was the first to develop many of the methods that are still in use in social sciences today - i find his research important to me as a person ) , jane addams ( not only created a great body of work , but also lived a really admirable and a politically influential life , largely responsible for the background for the writing of declaration of human rights . 
  it is my great shame i could never do anything as noble ) . 
   sounds like she needed a psychologist and/or a gym , not a stupid burkini . 
  she could have passed for a model , and had had bad experiences with harassment in her youth . 
  going to a psychologist for not wanting to wear revealing outfits seems rather extreme . 
  also : remember we 're talking about finland . 
  there were only few days each year that she had to choose between wearing uncomfortable amount of clothing or being embarrassed . 
  but seriously : not wanting to be half-naked in public is something you think is worth going for a shrink ? 
  you must be really nice person . 
  some may be born there . 
  also : i used to have a gf who would have loved a burkini . 
  she was an atheist , but very body-conscious in public . 
  would her wearing a burkini have been ok because it was n't a religious choice ? 
  or would you have been shouting for her to be deported from finland even though all her ancestors were from here since time immemorial ? 
  or what if she had converted to islam ? 
  would that be enough for deportion ? 
  or do you also need a darker skin tone ? 
  the end-result with two-tier legistlation was n't exactly democratic either . 
  on the long-term this might have been better , but on the short-term i 'm not as sure . 
  well , the proletariat had valid concerns at the time and the bourgeois were n't exactly understanding . 
  ( i may also be slightly biased on the topic . ), 
  there was a time when asia was just turkey , iran and their dependencies . 
   maybe some estonians can weigh in , but i 've always considered them culturally more nordic , or northern according to this . 
  let me weight in as a finn and as somebody who has studied the topic ( if only a little ) : `` the baltic countries '' referred originally to the new states bordering the baltic ocean that declared independence during/after ww1 , meaning finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania and poland . 
  the political athmosphere in all five countries mirrors each other to an extend between the wars ( problems establishing democracy , with only finland arriving to ww2 as a democracy , and even we had a failed ( badly planned ) faschist coup . 
  as such , the molotov-rippentrop pact ( and i 'm going from memory here ) goes something like `` let 's split poland and russia can keep the rest of the baltic countries '' . 
  after ww2 we had a situation where poland was a satellite , estonia , latvia and lithuania were under soviets directly and finland was precariously independent . 
  finland realised that it would be really bad if our only reference group were `` soviet vassals '' , so we started to apply for a new reference group . 
  nordic states was a good one , but you could n't just say that `` hey , we 're nordic now ! '' . 
  `` nordic '' is more than just a geographical reference or a common shared past , it 's a description of how things are run and it 's done centrally from nordic council . 
  for finland to `` get into nordic '' we overhauled our welfare system and started developing the social democratic `` people 's home '' after swedish ( nordic ) model . 
  we harmonised our laws , gave special rights to citizens of other nordic countries ( right to live in the other nordic countries , citizenship application does n't need any qualifitications to be accepted ) etc. 
  and in the end abolished border controls . 
  ( this is pretty much the same which eu did 40 years later , but in ever greater scale - and that 's why norway is today `` semi-officially '' part of eu - finland , denmark and sweden harmonise laws with eu , and norway harmonises with finland , denmark and sweden ) . 
  and when you have a situation where five countries harmonise their laws with each other , do n't have border controls and where people can live and swap citizenships in-between freely , it 's pretty easy to call those five countries ( plus autonomous areas ) as one collective group . 
  people remember that finland was swedish for 700 years and today we 're nordic , not that of the last 200 years we were 100 years + part of russia and then a part of group of countries that failed in democracy and got eaten by soviets again . 
  which brings me back to the why `` estonia can into nordic '' - speeches annoy me so much . 
  of course you can into nordic . 
  finland could . 
  we did it by overhauling our welfare system and creating a social democratic state . 
  and then we joined the nordic council . 
  estonia can do that as well , but they 've chosen to do their own thing after the liberal model ( which is cool , too ) . 
  but you ca n't do your own thing and then say `` hey , we 're nordic too ! '', 
  just because nordic is a great brand with positive connotations . 
  it is a great brand , but it 's a brand that actually has a meaning , and not just the fact that we have a common history . 
   no one 's ever survived being murdered . 
  just to be annoying : is n't there `` clinically dead '' from which people can be brought back from ? 
  if somebody pushes people into such state and they 're brought back , is n't that murder ? 
  yeah , the training for a mall cop is 2 weeks , training for a guard is 1 year , police school is 3 years . 
  in usa the average time to pass the police training is 19 weeks ( four months and a week ) . 
  what our former premier said about governing also goes for the armed forces . 
  at least ours are well-trained and motivated , which is more than we can say about the opposing zergrush , from whatever direction it 's coming from . 
  ( `` do you not know , my son , with how little wisdom the world is governed ? '' ), 
  and the russians ca n't handle finnish winter !, 
  this sub during the past four years . 
  easiest way to get upvotes here before blaming arabs became a trend was to wish brits to leave . 
  while brexit has its costs , i wish to believe the voters got what they wanted and the lower level of subsidies , more arduous travel ( whatever form it will take ) , cheaper pound etc. 
  is a price they think is worth paying . 
  i mean , you ca n't put a price on independence , right ? 
  ( plus we get them out of eu , which is bound to push us to left politically . 
  i do n't really understand why we are so schadenfreude on this topic - they 're free just as they wanted and we got free of them just as we wanted - and this has been the most prominent opinion on this sub the whole four years i 've been following . 
  this is pretty much win/win . ), 
  parts of karelia at that point belonged ( and still belong to ) finland . 
  [ here 's how the divides go today ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karelia#/media/file:many_karelias.png ) . 
  where the divide goes is a 1000 year old question with russians/novgorod and swedes trying draw the karelian tribe into their fold . 
  ( also point reminding that what a state was in 1323 or 1850 is quite different from what it was in 1950 . 
  before trains and telephone the state 's power was in most places limited to autonomous counties and it does n't much make daily difference who 's the boss . 
  of course , the differences exist [ i 'd say corruption ] and there 's a reason why `` new finland '' is wealthier than '' [ old finland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_finland ) '' - on both sides of the present border - even today . ), 
  it 's `` father 's land '' , not `` father land '' . 
  ( i would have said `` fathers ' land '' , but that would have been is\u00e4inmaa . ), 
  even uncle sam ? 
  dirt and granite , i guess . 
  i did n't say it had n't happened before somewhere else , i said such an event is traumatic and affects the long-term politics of the nation . 
  for example , austria joined germany ( how willingly is debatable , but there was n't fighting ) and denmark felt it was n't able to cut its way as an independent country after their last war ( and applied to join the german union , afaik ) . 
  their last two wars cost sweden dearly ( imagine loosing something like 2/3 of your land-area ) and it 's not really surprise that swedes thought that their weapons-first foreign policy had to change . 
  before 1800 there were something like 500 000 people in the whole country and they were mostly spread evenly through the countryside . 
  the towns that were important then and the cities that are important now do n't really overlap , so they were mostly built from scratch during the 19th century and and enlargened when people started moving to cities in the 1970s . 
  hence the town centres tend to be from 19th century and outside city centre , from the 1970s . 
  which leads to churches as in op 's pictures . 
  it 's a new model for banker mcduck 's money bin . 
  they 're nice to see , but you would n't want to see them from your window every morning , i guess . 
  it should still be +1 for spain . 
  that 3 metre tower at baku is probably a sight to see . 
  getting somebody to do what you want does n't mean that you can make them do what you want unlimited amount of times . 
  so you pick the times when it 's important . 
  news of the world is just one tabloid .
