  like i said , tourist bureau . 
  i do n't think most countries have resources or interest to pay for people to write posts at / r/europe . 
  ( if you create bots for upvoting , they do n't need flairs . ), 
  the same on / r/finland . 
  it feels like we 're tourist bureau for americans who do n't know how to google . 
  thankfully we have finnish-only / r/suomi where you can forget that eternal september is an actual thing . 
  people in the whole western world seem against inheritance tax even though all the datapoints i know have the lowest taxed amount to be somewhere around 100 000 euros and due to progression petty cash until you reach low millions in inheritance . 
  it 's just that the propaganda on the subject has sunk really well -- and people have n't actually checked the legislation they 're crippling on . 
  people get the bureaucracy they deserve in switzerland . 
  because the material produced is n't only consumed through radio/tv . 
  the finnish broadcast company also streams their channels , upkeeps an electronic archive of the material published during the last 90 years ( ongoing process ) upkeeps mobile apps for news services and does news research picked up by commercial news services . 
  you 're paying for ( the equivalent ) of all that . 
  tv/radio just seems like a good way to catch it all . . or it was , if people would still buy tv 's to access these services . 
  the challenge for the public broadcasting corporations is the spin from airwaves to broadband . 
  some companies do it better than others , 
  `` cultural similarities '' is pretty bad argument , seeing as how last time the countries got freedom from russian/austrian empires they all ( almost ) turned into dictatorships . 
  it 's not that corruption does n't happen , it 's that it 's dealt with , not coped with . 
  for some reason i 've always felt that the icon is way too aggressive looking . 
  yes , and after being appointed , they 're there for life , eg . 
  outside politics . 
  much depends on how the elections are organised . 
  as i said , florida-scenario is possible , but shows remarkable incompetence . 
  elected judges ( particularly ones that have to concern themselves with re-election ) are n't part of modern democratic systems . 
  in finland its : 1 . 
  go in the voting booth 1 . 
  write down the number of your candidate on the provided paper . 
  do n't do anything else, 
  as a person who has been counting those votes a few times , we 're pretty lenient with numbers as long as it 's clear what the writer meant ( mostly that people do n't write both 1 and 7 with one angle each ) . 
  the guide is there mostly that if numbers look wonky , we know where to default to . 
  but making a funny-looking 2 - 6 or 8 , 9 is going to go through ( and in the last elections you could also clarify your vote by writing the name under the number , but who knows if they 're going to continue this practice in the next elections ) . 
   maybe he 's such a nutjob he ca n't even fill out a ballot , then the ballot would be in the disqualified bin which tends to be checked as well . 
  it 's pretty unfathomable to vote for the wrong person by accident ( no florida-jokes , please ) , particularly when you have as much interest to get it right as a candidate does . 
  judges are n't supposed to be beholden to political winds . 
  democracy is an ongoing process . 
  we try to do better each day but always falling little short . 
  the hope is that we fall little less each year . 
  in general , this had been true . 
   i asked to provide a specific description of slavery in africa in general , because that 's what you made statements about . 
  but you ca n't give that because slavery practices in africa were as diverse as can be expected . 
  were i wrong in saying that , in general , the practices in slavery ( in all their multitude ) were `` better '' than what europeans practiced with their american export-business ? 
  again , i do n't think i have to prove a negative , but even the links to wikipedia seem to back my belief . 
   you ignore that at that time not even most of the citizens of the colonizing states had the right to vote or the right to a share in the material wealth , and yet you complain that africans did n't get it . 
  it 's a complete anachronism . 
  the discussion was if european countries were partly responsible to the situation africa is today . 
  present day pov is quite necessary in that , do n't you think ? 
  on the other hand , we 're also discussing the relative wealth and prosperity then , because it would be pretty dishonest in comparing life in any earlier century to that in a wealthy city today . 
   there are plenty of arabs living in africa . 
  they 're internal to africa , from the northeast , throughout the sahel , via the east coast down to zanzibar . 
  i ca n't see how they are not internal to africa . 
  to repeat once more : the original message used the word `` blacks '' : the later conversationalists talked about `` africans '' as a synonym , but the meaning ( that nobody but you challenged ) was still `` black '' . 
  this is comparable to us speaking of united states and you stirring the conversation with talk about political situation in brazil because they 're americans , too . 
  even if usa and brazil had diplomatic relationships , this still does n't make them one entity . 
    because the argument was that blacks are racially destined for squalor and failed societies ? 
   that 's not my argument . 
  the sjw is strong in you . 
  no , that was the original argument to which i wrote . 
  apparently you either believe that ( 1 ) the argument is right and thus i 'm wrong or ( 2 ) the argument is wrong but the narrative i gave to disprove it was wrong . 
  to me it seems that you are n't interested in the original conversation , but only debating about african historical achievements . 
  but that 's not the discussion i were writing to . 
  in theory , your 's might be interesting if you were n't acting like a prick . 
  there is a lot i do n't know about africa , particularly concerning pre-colonization states . 
  which is why i did n't write about them , but instead concentrated on how the actions in 1960s caused huge political instability . 
  and perhaps trying to prove that blacks are n't undermench due to migrants to europe today being badly educated makes me an sjw . 
  if that 's the definition , then ok . you can spend your life better than trying to prove me otherwise . 
   `` the power in the tribes was divided in a certain way , and everybody knew how those ways worked . 
  you did n't simply kill your way to the top and declare yourself the king . '', 
  i was dumbing down the statement `` africa was n't an anarchy before europeans came '' . 
  at least some of those art-pieces date to 19th century . 
  estonians are finno-ugric . 
  the scandinavians speak german languages , we finno-ugrics do n't . 
  that 's true . 
  but there 's `` es '' there which seems to mean `` you '' pretty often . 
  the country-names are nearly 1:1 and `` varat '' is pretty easy from context . 
  but that 's what i mean . 
  if you have even a little bit of context , you can get the gist on most indo-european languages . 
  expect estonians . 
  because we 're bros. 
  `` you understand hollandaise , but do you understand latvian ? '', 
  even i understood that , but then , all indo-european languages look pretty much the same . 
   people of african descent ( `` blacks '' ) end up at the bottom of the socioeconomic pecking order the world over . 
  ethnic indians and ethnic chinese are generally prosperous the world over . 
  how is this possible ? 
  well , this is a huge category you made here . 
  we should perhaps concentrate on emigrates , because second and third generation `` emigrates '' are much more affected by their host country , do n't you agree ? 
  we should perhaps then think what were these chinese and indians like when they decided to emigrate compared to blacks . 
  if we 're talking of people from the people 's republic of china ( taiwanese are ethnic chinese as well ) , wikipedia claims that most of the people who left are [ students and scientists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_emigration#19th-early_20th_century ) , people who would have extremely good chance of finding work even with bad language skills . 
  present indian emigration is apparently [ also highly educated workforce leaving india for better paying jobs ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/emigration-immigration-and-diaspora-relations-india#3 ) . 
  for example , nokia 's current ceo is an indian with engineering degree living in finland ( this is an outlier example , but perhaps a nice illustration ) . 
  again , he does n't speak finnish . 
  ( of those going to britain many lacked education , but they got visas because britain was missing low-educated workforce , so this was a win-win case ) . 
  meanwhile , [ 63 % of african emigrants coming to europe are refugees ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emigration_from_africa#african_populations_in_europe ) . 
  we can expect them to be lacking education and language skills , because if they had either they would have left when the getting was good . 
  they do n't have any solid plans when moving abroad , so they end up getting jobs that do n't require any sort of education or language skills . 
  hence , the lower end of socioeconomic pecking order . 
   africans are n't europeans either . 
  i was just pointing how strange it was that you used japan here instead of germany , which was destroyed even more badly than japan and actually exists within specified geographical area . 
  but to compare japan to ( sub-saharan ) africa , ( as we 're still talking of black people , i assume ) : first , japan is ( to even greater extend than europe ) an old culture with working state and bureau structure . 
  both it and europe were developed states that were bombed down in 1940s . 
  however , the countries still had engineers , bureaucrats etc. 
  who could rebuild what had been lost .
