   n for russia or china or the usa to even remotely pay attention to countries with small populations and weak militaries . 
  if you turned the eu 's foreign ministry into a finnish/czech/estonian / portuguese/irish bloc , it would be worthless . 
  there is also the economic aspect . 
  a country may have small population or weak military and still have large economy or industry with heavy presence abroad . 
  it 's far more useful tool in a negotiating table anyway . 
  second , why should eu foreign policy be about military presence at all ? 
  that 's the sort of talk that makes me question common military . 
  your talk makes me more vary of this idea , not less . 
  it 's what i meant in my original text . 
  third , why should china or usa have to consider us as a rapid dog on a leash ? 
  if this means not being the star of the day , so be it . 
  it 's easier to run your own affairs without numberless lobbyists and diplomats running in your feet . 
   it 's not that different to how the eu 's economic planning all runs through germany , since most of the eurozone is comparatively unimportant . 
  i feel germany understands the thought of moral high ground and takes it in account . 
  french and uk do n't in their own policies . 
  i do n't want those policies to be * our * policies . 
  strong democracy is dependant on common identity ( that you are ready to take financial setbacks on behalf of another part of the country ) and well-informed public ( that they do n't vote for fuckers ) . 
  aristocrats are a solution in an environment where the above ca n't be guaranteed . 
  as we now have affordable schooling and free , powerful press , the advantages of aristocracy are not heavier than the problems : smaller and more limited pool of talent , lack of common identity with the majority of population and of course nepotism . 
  i do n't really think that if eu does something morally questionable ( like attacking a country under false pretences ) it 's something that i would find finland should be part of , even silently on the background . 
  i think it 's better that eu is n't wielded as a weapon at all as much preferable to it being wielded wrong . 
  eu must always be able to take the moral high ground . 
  this is paramount . 
  not that we have global presence . 
  mob rule implies there is no structure of law nor systematic implementation . 
  if the leaders are raised from the people and switched regularly ( as opposed to being chosen from the rich minority or people who went to one certain school ) and they lead by cues from the people , that 's far different than leaders doing something godawful because they think they know best . 
  democracy is n't about the `` best '' solution ( best for whom ? ) . 
  it 's about finding solution suitable for most . 
  more like forever . 
  russian empire did n't have free press . 
  if you 're canadian i marvel you even found that . 
  companies sell mainly to areas near them and as they get bigger spread like water from dropped glass on flat surface . 
  this is n't only because of logistics , but because neighbours share similar tastes and are more likely to appreciate the product . 
  russia is an important market for finland not only because they 're big but because our common history and geography means a large pool of shared preferences and needs . 
  it 's hard to sell winter tires or mild cheese to mexico !, 
  and when it happens , it should be dictated by ep , not council . 
  this might be uncharitable from me , but i do n't really trust west and south european priorities in foreign policy . 
  as any european common foreign policy would be dominated by said countries , i 'm rather happy on weak ashton . 
  the current flag is n't eu 's own . 
  my favourite was when i was visiting and several people asked when did i think finland was ready for eu and euro . 
  my half-baked command of english was also marvelled . 
  this was in 2009 . 
  west bank is n't gaza . 
  they are under different governments and west bank has been really quiet save the clashes over locals/colonists . 
  which , again , is pretty well targetted ( read : they throw stones and vandalize property ) . 
  the family did their trip before the unpleasantness with gaza started . 
  i do n't remember reading about airstrikes on west bank in years either , but i shall not swear they have n't happened . 
  generally speaking west bank is pretty calm . 
  violence goes up and down with the seasons and is well-targetted by all parties . 
  it 's easy to avoid and people ( even foreigners ) live there . 
  ( source : reading books and listened to speeches/asked questions in events held by nonpartial , nonprofit organisations with operations in israel and its colonies . 
  edit : meaning ive talked to people who record on the field human rights violations as a job . ), 
  people get very strange ideas what it means to go or live at countries with violence . 
  it looks bad on paper and it 's horrible if you are in the wrong place at a wrong time . 
  but if you know what you are doing and listen to locals its pretty safe . 
  the dad was a war journalist . 
  if he was still alive , he was pro by definition . 
  ( source : my parents dragged me to live in several countries topping `` dangerous countries '' list . 
  when i was 10 i lived on grounds surrounded by non-disposed minefield . 
  i still have both legs because my parents are n't idiots . ), 
  there has n't been rocket strikes on west coast in nigh ten years . 
  israeli occupied syria is naturally under israeli occupation , not by syrian rebels . 
  going to israel and its colonies during peacetime is war tourism ? 
  surely we can decide what to sell from finland . 
  and everything old is new again !, 
  i kind of missed what actually happened . 
  was it finnish or russian government behind the the soon-returning butter mountain ? 
  tea is a convenient example where two positions are both right but the compromise is wrong . 
  political examples could also be used , but i wanted to avoid going there . 
  i did say that following propaganda has its uses , but that is different from allowing it to influence your thinking . 
  moral is subjective , which does n't mean that following your morals is wrong . 
  finnish and swedish books of law start with the line `` what is n't right , ca n't be the law '' meaning that judges should rule against laws when they find the need . 
  following propaganda does have its sides , but it 's completely false to claim that the middle road is always ( or even often ) the correct one . 
  for example : should tea be served hot or iced ? 
  how about lukewarm ? 
  because georgia went well , krim went well and east-ukraine is still under debate . 
  are they still pissed about that soldier ? 
  i thought the whole thing went over by the end of the same year ( 2007 ) . 
   buying from elsewhere like china -- enjoy your melamine-milk . 
  what would the numbers be for ireland ? 
  somehow from the context i understood you are n't taking part . 
  i know something that will ease your mind !, 
  as you know , swedish parliament is the * riksdagen * ( valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t ) which has developed from the estates of the realm ( valtakunnan s\u00e4\u00e4dyt ) . 
  as we became a grand duchy , we needed our own place for our estates to have their own riksdagen at , so we built the [ house of estates ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:helsinki_july_2013-15.jpg#mediaviewer/file:helsinki_july_2013-15.jpg ) and the [ house of nobility ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/39393578.jpg ) . 
  the house of nobility does n't look much on the outside , but it 's really grand on the inside . 
  when we moved from the four-chambered model to one-chamber model in 1905 the house of estates became too small and the house of nobility was n't apparently owned by the state ( and instead by nobility ) so the present parliament-house was built instead . 
  but basically , if you want grand buildings , house of estates is really grandiose and only operated 15 years before it became obsolete due to bad floor design . 
  that looks really neat . 
  i wonder how functional it is from the inside . 
  i do n't think that having nukes would have counted in the ukraine-situation . 
  as we think today , nukes are a last-resort weapon when everything else is tried and you have nothing to do lose . 
  to be used when the enemy army closes on your capital and the propaganda promises mass graves for local population , starting from the political elite . 
  if all else were to stay the same ( eg . 
  outing the president etc. ), 
  the situation in ukraine would have been chaotic and russia would have invaded the penisula with `` peacekeepers '' while being careful that nobody gets hurt too bad . 
  what is ukraine to do ? 
  they could threaten to attack moscow with nukes , but that would mean retaliation and in the end ukraine ( and russia ) would be just a glowing wasteland . 
  obviously it 's not worth the cost , not just to save a small peninsula . 
  particularly as things were a bit muddy with the legal president being bff 's with putin . 
  yes , but at this stage it 's pretty much `` take it or leave it '' .
