  do you know any of my family [ from the other side of the country , in some small village i have to google to even locate ] '' ) . 
  it 's even more tiresome when they seem to act like `` they made it '' and the descendants of those of us who stayed somehow did n't . 
  the questions we get in / r/europe is part `` wow disneyland '' and part `` but for grace of god , there goes . . '' . 
  ( not talking about you or any of your friends , obviously . 
  the sorry thing is that one tends to remember the jerks who insist on seeing you -- even after you try to correct them -- purely as a source of entertainment and not a real person who 's proud of the culture he represents and choices his ancestors made . ), 
  i was especially thinking of that american yesterday who wanted to know if he as a `` lighter than q-tip '' romani/hungarian would be hated if he visited the land of his ancestors . 
  when i pointed out that he did n't have anything in common with either group he said he actively hated hungarians and said that mentioning that he 's hungarian was an easy way to start conversation with girls at clubs . 
  well , why not ? 
  it tastes just like pig and it would be waste to just burry dead people . 
  edit : or so i 've been told . . edit2 : seriously though : [ soviets ate their own soldiers in winter war ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:maaselk%c3%a4_cannibalism.jpg ) . 
  i 'm sure they thought this uncommon word completely spontaneously without any external urging . 
   they are not going to hurrah-invade either country . 
  but they will use their cronies to destabilize the situation inside . 
  not to mention you do n't even have land border with russia proper . 
  they would have to invade baltia or belarus as well . 
  we survived in the last war as long as we did because we had huge amount of guns pointing up . 
  we 've upgraded and bought more since then . 
  name wars napoleon started for land grabs . 
  napoleon did n't start wars , he finished them . 
  other countries ganged up on him because they were afraid of revolutions at home and decided to nip the idea in the bud . 
  one of the theories for the etymology of `` suomi '' ( finland 's native name '' ) is `` swamp '' . 
  i would wish more americans understood this :   disclaimer : although my father was full-blooded german , i am american , and i do not speak german . 
  check my edit above . 
   well backgrounds are meaningless , i 'm just talking about ethnic heritage . 
  backgrounds are meanginless * in usa * . 
  and europeans do n't leap to the idea that you 're talking of ethnic backgrounds when you claim to be hungarian . 
  it 's a concept we only have in relation to americans and we tend to think it 's fairly ridiculous . 
  but i 'm not going to continue this discussion any further . 
  i think i got to say my piece . 
  the keyword being `` background '' . 
  to us there 's a world of difference between `` my father is hungarian '' and `` i 'm hungarian '' . 
  the latter assumes that you still feel first and foremost as hungarian : that you follow the local politics and may even spend part of the year there ( for example : on / r/finland there are few americans who went to finnish army to keep the passport even though they had been mainly raised in usa : those guys can say they 're `` finnish '' ) . 
  if you do n't mean it in that sense , the logic is that you think being hungarian is just about genes and a funny surname . 
  and we tend to take that rather badly . 
  which brings us back to the beginning : being hungarian and being of hungarian descend are two different things and you 're going to have a real bad time if you do n't get the distinction  edit : do europeans ask your ethnic background ? 
  i would have thought this does n't really happen . 
  and if it does come up , are you sure the interest is your ethnic background or the fact you 're american ? 
  as far as i know , americans `` connecting to their heritage '' is one of those jokes that tends to bond people where-ever in europe one travels . 
  and that 's why you should n't call yourself hungarian . 
  my point was that when europeans identify with words like `` finnish '' , `` hungarian '' etc. 
  they refer to first language , passport or culture . 
  i know you meant this in the `` heritage '' - meaning , but on the list of `` what americans do that europeans find annoying '' this tends to rank fairly high on top . 
  i 'd rather not go into further details because i realise that even on general level this probably sounds rather insulting . 
  i was just trying to save you some grief down the line . 
  if you speak to an european , you should perhaps either identity yourself as californian or american with optionally '' hungarian background '' , but please do n't claim that you 're hungarian , fullstop . 
  that 's easy way to loose a lot of good-will , particularly if you do n't understand the culture or the language . 
  i mentioned this because you explicitly asked what americans do wrong when visiting europe . 
   so i think it 's fair for me to call myself hungarian or roma , at least for the sake of this thread . 
  i 'm not going to downvote you for this opinion but some probably will . 
  i 'm going to guess you 're not going to get a lot of upvotes either . 
   hilarious story , especially since i am hungarian myself :p i would counsel against identifying as `` hungarian '' ( or romani ) when in europe or at / r/europe . 
  i know you mean ethnic background but even still it looks like you 're identifying culturally and nationally as hungarian , which you are n't . 
  ( exemptions may apply if you speak hungarian and your parents taught you to hungarian culture and made sure you got eu-passport . ), 
  edit : these are big things to us europeans : basically what you 're saying is that because you 're great-grandfather was a professor of mathematics , you 're quite the ace yourself . 
   napoleon also had great popular support for many of his campaigns . 
  that might be because he was n't the one declaring wars . 
  we decomissioned simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 back in 2002 when putin was still in the democracy-phase . 
  as soon he died russia started that aggressive posturing : /, 
  the time before hrustsev does n't count ? 
   you would n't see this in soviet union as you did n't have a cult of leader . . `` who was stalin ? '', 
  i just realized that the nordic countries with two-colour flags are in eu , while the ones with three colours are outside . 
  mind blown . 
  lets talk when you have progressive taxation and proper nordic welfare state . 
  well , he 's a chessmaster , is n't he ? 
  thangee !, 
  [ i think this is what was playing on the background ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lkywpmtx7y ), 
  i never thought i 'd love ballet but i 'd really like to see more of this . 
  from what is it from and where can i see more without the counter ? 
  but . . obama is n't a monarch !, 
  perhaps it depends on nation ? 
  napoleon ii never ruled either . 
   they have until 2020 to investigate the most serious alleged rape offence . 
  government changed to left-wing one which probably is more interested in finding truth than pleasing special interests . 
  thats like saying that if usa lost boston it would n't be usa no more . 
  edit : meaning that after losing rome , the empire lasted for a thousand more years . 
  is n't darwin being shifted out ? 
  finland , and not in the southern tip . 
  i saw the sun first time since november last monday ( and back in november it was from the top of a relatively high building ) . 
  i hasten to add though , that i meant warmth from sun , meaning you do n't have to compensate with central heating ( and energy bills , thereof ) . 
  but winter is four months and generally speaking you do n't see sun at all from [ late september/early october ] to late january . 
  february and march are somewhat sunnier but only comparable to the misery that proceeds them . 
  which leaves `` productive sun power '' only from april to september , and that 's pretty generous and due to solar panels working better when the temperatures are lower . 
  there is always the fact that you defend harder areas where the missiles are stationed , as you do n't want them to fall to the enemy . 
  so essentially `` crimea is with us forever '' . 
  or being south enough that you can depend in getting power and heat from sun for more than five months a year . 
  you have to dig the metals from the ground ( some of which are probably rather rare and hard to find ) , which is really bad for nature . 
  not to mention all the industry needed for refining etc. 
  because we want more from life than blackjack and hookers . 
  it was a thing in the 20s and again shortly in the late 30s ( in the same way as france forming an union with uk around the same time ) . 
  my heart goes to you for spending time thinking about this . 
  you 're doing god 's work . 
  better than sweden !, 
  that 's the only thing that counts !, 
  seriously though , i demand sources . 
  edit : oh , this is the old tatu vanhanen-map . 
  he gets a lot of shit over it and when his son became the prime minister he did everything he could to distance himself from his father 's hobbies . 
  ah , [ you 're asking after the power of the three crowns ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l1y8a.png ) . 
  proper history with hungry lions ? 
  i 'm just going to point that it was 30 km from st. petersburg/leningrad to finland in those days and there was operational rail to border . 
  not to mention sea .
