  i was given to understanding that ireland tried for independence far before the famine . 
  and then there 's scotland . 
  in any case , were n't your wars with france invasions ? 
  well , there 's an often pointed overlap between * freedom fighter * and * terrorist * . 
  and the use of which is dependant on do you accept the government against which the said fighters are fighting . 
  part of it 's historical survivor-fights-the-books . 
  few call american minutemen terrorists even though they fulfil the criteria . 
   `` part of european history '' . 
  yeah but as an enemy to europe who invaded and oppressed the [ insert location here ] for hundreds of years you can say this pretty much about any bigger nation ( or its predecessor state ) in europe . 
  including uk . 
   what services ? 
  for example , elves everywhere , starting from the house . 
  they covered mistakes ( unfortunate and dangerous both ) , brought lost animals back home , made sure the harvest was good etc. 
  in forest , they kept the springs pure , upkept tracks etc etc. 
  mostly because they just liked hanging around humans , but if you did n't show your respect by ( for example ) the sauna on for one more turn after all the humans had left , they might get angry , bringing misfortune , diseases and so on . 
   also i do n't really get what you 're trying to say . 
  at the beginning you say it 's not religion i meant that `` religion '' can only exist in a situation where you understand that an alternative worldview to be possible . 
  because there was no alternative worldview ( eg . 
  christian worldview was constructed as an extension of the native one ) , you ca n't contextualise your beliefs about the world against it . 
  that 's like saying that you 'd have to be newtonian or einsteinian in relation to gravity - it just does n't really make sense if you do n't put really heavy thinking time on the subject . 
  on the other hand , it 's very easy to take modern scientific view on gravity if the alternative involves magic . 
  i 'm sorry i was n't clear . 
  i somehow thought this is self-evident . 
   but then you said its is because the demons in the bible were translated using the names of pre-existing deities but people did n't know how did they looked so they portrayed them as their local folklore ( meta ? ) . 
  no , the opposite . 
  people had their local folklore , but then priests came and said that this book is true , and it had all the old folklore ( or they thought it did , because they could n't read ) and the priests said that jesus was part of the folklore , and people just shrugged and said `` ok '' and continued as they could . 
  you might compare this to coke 2 , with the difference that people did n't start rioting . 
  please read the above . 
  i edited it extensively . 
  folklore ( or the closest finnish translation ) also means ethnic religion . 
  the thing is , when you really believe that you can be trapped under forest 's cloak or that you know that elves help you run your household ( which you have to keep happy with food and gifts ) , that 's not religion , because you treat it as a fact , just like owning a house-cat or that there are certain dangers in crossing a road . 
  you did certain spells at certain times , you appeased the otherworldly powers that lived in the ever-present forest and you tended the local grove and perhaps sacrificed few animals there now and then . 
  that was n't religion , that was just how things were done if you wanted to have a good harvest and a happy home . 
  and this is very much what they did . 
  heck , i was born in the 1980s at a city and even i was taught few cantrips in how to survive in the nature and how to keep the elves happy . 
  i say that i do n't believe that stuff but when i go to forest i 'm more than half-sure that my ancestors got it right ( and then i get out few days later and it all sounds ridiculous , but in that place , at that time , it seems logical . 
  and my greatgrandparents never got out of the forest : they lived there ) . 
  when i talked about suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seura collecting stories , i was talking about stuff where the teller would , very specifially , tell how he or she bargained , appeased or otherwise made friends with what you would call supernatural powers ( they did n't , it was just business as usual ) . 
  they talk about seeing , , having conversations and even receiving concrete gifts they would show the collectors . 
  after 50s , you get the normal outer limit-stories . 
  and it was n't limited to that : the early bible-translations did the mistake of or translating devils , pagan gods etc. 
  into members of finnish belief system , meaning that bibles ( up to early 20th century ) accepted that these creatures existed . 
  and as they did n't actually give descriptions of these creatures , the locals ported them in from their traditional beliefs . 
  the only thing bible commanded was that you was n't supposed to worship them , so -- surely taking food to elves was more like bargaining ? 
  and thus we get stuff like church elves who are especially powerful and hate cursing but are very willing to grant boons if the right criteria are willed . 
  and how can this not be religion ? 
  it 's in the bible . 
  but you asked if people still practice this stuff ? 
  yes . 
  to present day , the `` abandoned '' groves were maintained on the sly ( according to a acquaintance who researched this stuff at the university ) . 
  sometimes they were on areas that were to be developed , and there was a lot of discussion over that , but historical places can be moved , religious were n't -- and as they were n't religious ( due to religious being defined as abrahamic ) that was that . 
  during the past few years ( ironically enough , due to immigration ) the laws on what counted as religion were loosened a bit so they counted also non-abrahamic religions . 
  the problem is that while the groves were tended and the services observed , all the written stuff was done by christian scholars . 
  and to formally organise said religion , they had to use this material to apply for a permit . 
  so who knows how much of the `` pure stuff '' is actually pure or correctly understood . 
  but it exists . 
  * suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seura * collected stories of encounters with supernatural . 
  they got new first-person stories until 1950s , after which the collections turned out only normal western ghost stories . 
  when i 've spoken of this late date with my friends , many of those in their 40s remember that their grandparents were still feeding * tonttu * s ( elves ) when they were kids in the 1970s . 
  apparently the move to cities cut the connection to nature . 
  also popular culture became more available . 
  the above would read in any book that 's written on the subject , 
   if there 's one thing europe has gotten very good at in the last thirty years , it 's putting the cultural traditions of other before their own . 
  this is a modern problem . 
  it happened 11 centuries ago in bulgaria . 
  it happened during the last 100 years in estonia and after ww2 in finland ( with believers surviving to this day to see their holy sites overrun by highways ) . 
  some few believers still exist ( as do the groves where they worship ) but they only got official religious status under five years ago because the law was written with abrahamic religions in mind ( the recognition is important because it 's harder to bulldoze religious site than idyllic grove with some historical significance ) . 
  so yes , this is a modern problem . 
  and true , things happened in bulgaria far before they happened in estonia or finland , but that does n't make it any less problematic when you look at it from from our pov . 
  i do n't know about you , but to me losing your own cultural traditions is pretty depressing . 
  not knowing what your forefathers ( indeed , your greatgrandfathers -- the conversion was finished only with television in finland ) believed is even more depressing example of globalisation than mcdonalds and hollywood 's film industry together . 
  i did n't downvote , but looking at the answer and comparing it to similar marches in finland , the majority taking part at stockholm were probably those whom / u/anarchisto billed as also-rans . 
   a national tabloid aamulehti may be a tabloid in * size * but it 's a morning paper ( as a description , * tabloid * means the same as yellow press ) . 
  aamulehti is also a regional paper , not a national one . 
   i might be weird , but i never found strikes to be a good thing . 
  it 's a fight where the strongest side wins , not the one that 's right . 
  it 's like trial by combat . 
  this is true . 
  on the other hand , medieval trial by combat is better than aristocrat torching local villages because they were n't subservient enough . 
  in theory , a good strike is a bit like an a-bomb ; you do n't use it because you know the other side has them too . 
  but it sure makes them want to negotiate . 
   i 'm totally in favor of worker rights but they should generally be defined and enforced by the government , with strikes being a rare occurrence . 
  alas , government is formed by political parties and does n't necessary reflect the reality in one particular county . 
  in finland , we try to avoid strikes by putting all the workers ' unions and the employer unions on the same table for weeks until they come up with a contract where the other side promises wage hikes and the other not to strike . 
  it works semi-well . 
  much depends how you define europe . 
  our eastern limit is pretty badly defined . 
  in general i would say historical context is important ( including turkey , as the small canal has never been historically significant ) , but if we 're talking about turkey today , it 's intentionally pushing away from european values - hence not european . 
  i could talk in length , but perhaps not on mobile . 
  the talk so they do n't have to act . 
  that 's the dream . 
  one seldom hears that weak unions are a good thing . 
  particularly on may day !, 
  it 's not like the whole ukraine is a war-zone . 
  how would visa-free travel help the situation ? 
  i feel quite comfortable at the bottom . 
  nobody likes perfectionists , so let this be our beauty mark . 
   so the danes are stupid enough to vote against their own interest ? 
  got it . 
  economic interest is n't the only interest a country or it 's population may have .
