  otherwise you can recommend the latest wolfenstein-game or perhaps neonazi-propaganda . 
  robert harris ' fatherland was written for historical accuracy in mind . 
  it 's a good read , as i recall and much better than dick 's man in high castle , which was never meant to be taken as anything else than as thought experiment . 
  horrible choice , as dick was n't aiming for historical accuracy . 
  robert harris ' fatherland would be a better choice . 
   the arch means a lot than `` napoleon ! '', 
  even napoleon is n't remembered that harshly . 
  most of napoleonic wars were started by other nations and france went with `` invasion is the best defence '' - doctrine . 
  i understand ( but may be wrong ) that after declaring himself emperor , napoleon was rather benevolent ruler compared to the two previous regimes . 
  the law-codes he set up are still widely in use in continental europe and as such he 's largely a positive figure in at least finnish history books . 
  varusteleka sells it . 
  thank you for a thought out reply . 
  would you want to clarify what you mean by `` discrimination '' ? 
  i understand that jim crow-laws are self-evidently discrimination , but would you see by sex divided toilets as example as well ? 
  and ( if you allow me to be so bold ! ), 
  should you think there 's a difference between whites/blacks and men/women not sharing toilets , why would you decide that this is an example of the former , not the latter ? 
   if , as it stands , a lot of foreigners happen to have experience in c , then the z amount of people will consist primarily of foreigners . 
  a person who has lived his whole life [ poor/under authoritarian government/gay ] has a very different viewpoint on [ poverty/authority/sexuality ] than a researcher who has researched the topic their whole life . 
  it 's the difference between being hungry and knowing the stores are already closed and the knowledge that stores are open but you ca n't buy food . 
  it does n't affect just your feeling of hunger , but everything you think ( your viewpoint , your priorities , your relationships ) . 
  in topics like that , you simply ca n't have an outsider representing an insider . 
  it 's like putting an actor who has played their whole life a medical doctor on telly talking about aids on a medical conference . 
  and even if they accidentally would make a positive difference , there way it 's gotten tarnishes it . 
  if the agreement involves give-and-take , the people the agreement affects are more likely to take than to give ( because the speaker had no right to speak on their behalf ) . 
  i think you are thinking this generally . 
  i may accept what you 're saying when talking of something like firefighters where there 's only one real way you can be good at your job . 
  if then , you would n't ( should n't ) care if the firefighter is black , woman or homosexual , as long as they 're strong , well trained and fearless . 
  but it does n't work when we 're talking of situations where the idea is to pick each other 's brains . 
  you 'd want diverse amount of people because that way there 's less likely to be blindspots . 
  sometimes it 's worth it to have a mediocre nurse in a room instead of a brilliant lawyer specialised in violent crime . 
  what i 'm saying here is that you 're right to certain limit ( when picking up individual people to individual tasks ) , but when you 're building a team , you have to look at positions first and people only second . 
  picking people to conference is a bit like selecting a team for football . 
  you do n't just pick the people who have done the most goals or who are the fastest runners . 
  you also need goal-keepers , defenders , people who are ready to take one for the team , people who may not be particularly good players but who are good at melding the team together and creating the team spirit etc. 
  saying before hand that `` we 're going to select the best football players , who ever they might be '' gets you a horrible team . 
  saying that `` we 're going to select the best goalkeeper , the best defender , the best attacker , the best captain , whoever they may be '' is more likely to get you a team that actually gets results . 
  saying on top of that that one of the selected people has to be able to be the spirit of the group gets you even better . 
  sometimes it means taking people who are not the best of their field , but that 's how you create something that 's more than the sum of its parts . 
   julian assange . . associate . . wikileaks was/is extremely loose coalition of people . 
  everybody who said they shared the same objective ( `` no more secrets '' ) got in . 
  and most people interested in said objective did get in or otherwise helped wikileaks to some extend . 
  you 're basically trashing assange because he once shared classes in school with a person who then did something horrible . 
   i get it . 
  white men are present at higher rates in a lot of fields , but that 's not necessarily a problem . 
  just invite the people who are competent , okay ? 
  and if it so happens that a big chunk of those people are white and male , then you 're basically literally racist and sexist for denying them entry in favour of other ethnicities/sexes . 
  the topic under discussion is internet freedom in developing countries . 
  sure , there are probably qualified white people that have researched this topic in oecd-countries , but it would be very narrow outsider view . 
  on the other hand , people who happen to be from said developing countries would actually have lived it . 
  and against stereotype , developing countries also have researchers and people who are perfectly capable of keeping presentations in english . 
  many of the problems facing developing countries today date back to the age of empires when white guys in league of nations drew borders on maps without any regard who actually lived over the areas that the pen cut in half . 
  this is the same thing . 
  the topic of the conference is internet freedom in developing countries . 
  is it more likely that experts on internet freedom in , say , south africa are found in said country or in usa ? 
  you vote for a single candidate , but the votes are distributed according to d'holt method . 
  thus even if your candidate does n't get through , your vote still helps the party get somebody else through . 
  this pretty much the opposite of what the american said above . 
  you write just the number of the candidate . 
  add anything else ( or a number that can be read in two or more ways ) will be discarded . 
  [ here are two proper ones ] ( http://imgur.com/gmhf2jf ) . 
  sorry the picture is from an odd angle , it 's a cropped part of a bigger picture i took the other day in a hurry . 
  and indeed , austria is neutral only because they have a plus-sign on their back !, 
  selling death drugs is the problem of the seller , but abolishing death penalty is very much something that has to be done by the citizens . 
  in fact , pushing for abolition from eu-citizens may well backfire , as it would make the whole question cultural one , instead of a moral one . 
  i hope you 're going to vote tomorrow . 
  there are a lot of horrible candidates in every party ( and not just in finland ) . 
  and some of them are really smart and have good chances for getting through . 
  snowden did n't have any documents when he got to russia , so whatever they got from him would have been stuff that he would have remembered . 
  which would have been a lot !, 
  but it 's always good to remember that snowden would have left russia as soon as he got there , if usa would have let him . 
  but they chose to add insult to injury and are now paying for it . 
  wikipedia : [ circle of stars ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circle_of_stars )  a circle of stars often represents unity , solidarity and harmony in flags , seals and signs , and is also seen in iconographic motifs related to the woman of the apocalypse as well as in baroque allegoric art that sometimes depicts the crown of immortality . 
  the `` crown of immortality '' dates to far before christianity and does n't necessarily have to be stars ( after all , those would be hard to put physically on one 's head ) , usually laurel leaves are used : examples of it are found in ancient egypt , greece and rome . 
  they are symbols to show that somebody has done something that will last eternally ( such as won olympic games or [ conquered all of gaul ] ( http://www.asterix.com/bd/albs/18gb.jpg ) ) . 
  you mean , [ hello finland ] ( https://static.squarespace.com/static/52536652e4b007332ef4ecf4/52dec946e4b0ca499f87bce7/52dec960e4b0ca499f8861a9/1310444207563/1000w/finlandia_vodka_redesign-2011.jpg ) ? 
   because technological development does not exist and humans have never ever found new solutions to new problems . 
  ever . 
  what you are in essence suggesting is trying to patch a failing system instead of creating a new one . 
  and patches seldom are as good as a new product . 
  the fact is that utilising oil the past 100 or so years has been a huge , one-time-only windfall that has allowed us to create an infrastructure that is n't cost-effective or logical , even if we go full nuclear and whatnot . 
  the infrastructure ca n't survive past oil . 
  it needs to be replaced . 
  `` humans have always found a way '' is true , but you are ignoring that finding a solution is extremely expensive undertaking . 
  and i 'm not talking of only money . 
  if 9/10 's of humanity dies and we find a solution that keeps the one tenth alive ( and perhaps with some comfort ) then we have succeeded as a species -- if not as a culture . 
  ( and history is full of cultures that have collapsed after the conditions that made them excel have vanished or been otherwise ruined . ), 
   fertilizers are nitrate based and there are many ways to make them . 
  the process that does n't use oil is about six times more expensive than the one that uses oil ( on current market prices ) . 
   it can , if those people are educated and have healthy work ethics . 
  we are growing our food with fertilisers that are oil-based and transfer said food with the same oil . 
  when oil-prices eventually rise , so will the price of fertilisers and transport , which will lead to famine . 
   a pandemic is not something you can contain in a globalized world , especially a globalized world with constant streams of undocumented migration . 
  if my previous message implies that i assumed pandemic would be limited to africa , it was unintentional and followed from the question i tried to find an answer to . 
   how would it solve immigration problems ? 
  it would cause waves of people fleeing and spreading the disease . 
  immigration from africa is mostly due to economic reasons . 
  there 's not enough land to farm and no work in the cities either , which increases political instability and migration of the less-well-off . 
  it 's worth noting that black plague led to huge increase in living standards in western europe , as there was suddenly enough land for everybody and on the other hand the negotiation position of the nobility was suddenly much worse . 
  grim and horrible , but most days i ca n't make myself believe that this earth can support 8 or 9 billion people without tapping into fossil fuels and other temporal loans . 
  ( this does n't really have anything to do with present news or me wishing bad for any people or subgroup of people - it 's just an observation that historically population beaks do n't crash gracefully . ),
