  the answer is `` somewhere between 50 % -60 % of the population '' . 
  the interview was published in ncp 's own media , making the whole thing even more ridiculous . 
  - elinkeinoel\u00e4m\u00e4n valtuuskunta ( the lobby-group for rich people and big corporations , close to ncp ) published a recommendation that we should arrange our health services like netherlands , employment markets like denmark , finance markets like estonia and switzerland , cut salaries like spain and spending like latvia . 
  - the lobbying group representing copyright owners successfully convinced the ministry of education that * schools need a copyright-licence to use the internet * and succeeded in selling a licence . 
  the money will be directed to the same people who get the rest of licence money ( determined for example based on library lending stats ) . 
  any blog-owners etc. 
  have to separately prove that their webpages have been used in schools . 
  this will probably prove to be impossible . 
  the article illustrates a person who sleeps in the forrest year around , a person who keeps their home on a trailer in a camping site year around , a single mother who rents one room in a large apartment with four other households and a person who comes to helsinki every day on train from 100 km away . 
  [ ( link in finnish ) ] ( http://www.hs.fi/koti/a1408075811074?jako=ee9de0a707aa69266c69557e6e7c8a89&amp;ref=tw-share ) . 
  personal experience : a friend of mine lived in a 20 m ^ 2 apartment and paid for it 900 e/m . 
  this was five years ago and the rents have apparently raised steeply since then . 
  to give context : in my home town you can get twice the size for half the price in a similar location . 
  reason being that people want to live in helsinki but helsinki isi n't willing to build new apartments . 
  - the head of finnish defence forces in the 90s , since-retired general h\u00e4gglund wrote a book where he tells his opinion on several subjects : he 's against nato ( because it would make finns lazy ) , russia is vary of attacking finland after the last time , nato will help us even if we are n't members ( [ link ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2014031918138050_uu.shtml ) ] , against women in army ( they do their duty by giving birth ) ( [ link ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/hagglund_asevelvollisuus_naisille_jos_miehet_synnyttavat/7423149?ref=reddit ) ) , russians will be stuck in ukraine for years and that ukraine has bad soldiers ( based on their competence in winter war ) ( [ link ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/201408210215404_uu.shtml ) ) . 
   no guns = is no democracy . 
  what does that say about the society they live in ? 
  i could understand the logic if it was `` no guns = no democracy '' . 
  but what she said was `` police with no guns = no democracy '' . 
  which is the exact opposite of the first claim , as it makes equivalency with police enforcing dictated laws , not upholding community standards ( which is the point of police force in general and what differates them from army during military occupation ) . 
  ( police having guns does n't equate dictatorship , but claiming that the opposite does counts as a `` hint '' in my books . ), 
  you sound hostile toward the op ( `` you would shut up '' ) even though he did n't write down his own opinion , only that such opinion exists . 
   this is the baltic way of standing up to an occupier - not a drop of blood spilled to show that we 're better than that !, 
  it 's a great accomplishment , but you should remember that `` not a drop of blood spilled '' was how you got into this mess in the first place . 
  there 's a distinction between satanist and satan worshipper . 
  the latters tend to be teenagers that vandalise gravestones on effort to be edgy . 
  there are also few examples stabbing bystanders ( in finland , and more specifically in my then-home town ) . 
  in the 30s there was also a cult in helsinki that snatched freshly buried corpses in hope of doing black magic . 
  there are probably events between these two , but i 'm not particularly well-versed on the topic . 
   clearly there is no liberal islamic country . 
   there is no modern islam country  all of them considered developing countries . 
  `` modern '' , `` liberal '' and `` developing '' are not interchangeable . 
  neither term is replaceable with `` rich '' either . 
  iran is one of only nine countries in this world that have the ability to send satellites onto orbit ( arguably helped by the fact that most eu-countries are working through esa ) : i 'd say this is rather developed . 
  pakistan has nuclear missiles . 
  bosnia hertsegovina is liberal : it 's not `` developing '' as much as it 's `` recovering '' ( the wars of the 90s destroyed a lot of infrastructure ) , but the people are still educated and know what they are doing . 
  the government works as intended , so does education . 
  turkey has higher gdp than some of the later eu-member states . 
  the western parts are considerably richer than the areas on the east , making the average lower than it would be otherwise : this is not special to turkey but also applies to many eu-countries , including finland . 
  indonesia is a liberal secular democracy . 
  arguably still developing , but a modern country , none the less . 
   i was heavily bullied to the point of depression and self hatred however i would not dream of hurting someone as a result of it neither do all muslims dream of killing people in syria ( or even going to syria ) . 
  i 'm just pointing that there are a lot of dangerous subcultures in eu-countries and muslims are n't one : muslims are fairly content . 
  there 's a muslim sub-culture that 's violent , but it 's smaller than many other , more dangerous sub-cultures we just seem to accept because their inner workings are more understandable for us . 
   yes , but obviously there is some problem with islam integrating into europe . 
  is it islam or is it the fact that the immigrants comes from third world countries without education ? 
  i 've never met a pakistani or iranian person who could n't integrate into europe any better than , say , russian or japanese person . 
   there is no modern islam country turkey , pakistan , iran , indonesia , bosnia and hertzegovina . . 
   i know but bullying is different from running off to a war zone and murdering innocent people . 
  bullying is violence which leads to depression and suicides : it might not be murder but it sure as hell is n't being innocent , either . 
  and as i said elsewhere in this thread , the school shootings and suicide bombings that happened in finland were n't done by muslims but by people who could n't handle the pressure of going to school anymore . 
   i do n't think you can blame parents for having a bullied kid . 
  i was bullied horribly because i am gay , my parents thought something was wrong i would n't tell them what . 
  if things work in england as they do in finland , even if you had told your parents , the stuff would probably have been rolled on you : * you * would have been transferred , not the bullies . 
  and just because you did n't say anything , does n't mean that the teachers did n't notice anything they just decided it was n't their business to get involved . 
  after all : * boys will be boys * , * barking dogs do n't bite * , * they will grow out of it * and so on : there are huge amount of banalities to continue the status quo . 
  it 's not just the parents ' problem . 
   except within muslim society in uk they go to kill and behead people , it 's rather more dramatic than alcohol problems . 
  there is something seriously wrong with the ideology and the way parents raise the kids in this instance . 
  all the suicide bombings and school shootings in finland have been done by people who have done badly in school or been bullied . 
  at least some of the suicides and mental problems are results of bullying , too . 
  and bad company and drugs lead to violence just as surely as travelling to syria to create heaven on earth . 
  i have nothing against satan but his followers are dicks . 
  the finnish citizen who was in the isis recruitment video had been reported to police by his father . 
  he had asked the police cancel his passport-permit ( the father had already taken the papers ) but the police said they could n't do this only on hear-say and issued a new one . 
  the same father said that the local mosque was excellent and encouraged working with the very understanding finnish society ( `` they even hired muslims to teach islam in their schools '' ) and the bad influence comes through internet and `` infected '' relatives or friends . 
   you would think their parents would have noticed something !, 
  though honestly , that can be said about parents who 's children are into drugs , in bad company , doing badly in school , bullied , stealing , worshipping satan etc. 
  it 's an observation . 
  and i do understand why this map was made . 
  i really like how eu-countries have all that culture and history , and the non-eu-countries only have trees and some mountains . 
  while the mix-up is unfortunate , it 's also somewhat intentional on israel 's part . 
  after all , it 's the `` homeland of all jews '' and being jewish is enough to give you special treatment in israel , up to and including citizenship . 
  sd does n't have to win , only get enough votes that neither block has majority . 
  then it 's welcome denmark . 
  thanks for the figures . 
  i think my main point was that usa now has competitors unlike in the 1940s when it was pretty much only developed economy with working factories ( along with ussr , which perhaps helps highlight the cold war ) . 
  the only real conflict was the oil crisis in the 70s and that was settled in us ' favour . 
  china is just one letter in bricks . 
  in the past usa could set the standards unilaterally . 
  now it has to negotiate and in 50 years ( if things wo n't change ) perhaps follow . 
  county = / = country . 
  big part of the fun is to see the tracts we make , which does n't really show on country-level . 
  you should separate global ngos that are locally funded and foreign ngos that are funded by their country of origin . 
  usa is increasingly dependant on overseas manufacturing and services , mainly china . 
  meanwhile china is growing its gdp and manufacturing base . 
  eu , brazil india are closing too . 
  the gap between usa and the rest of the world is diminishing . 
  thus far usa has stayed on top due to lack of competition on alternatives , which will not be the case in few decades . 
  this is why usa is so desperate in creating free trade contracts etc. 
  they help support usa by acknowledging us-led institutions and ips , some which would be in danger of collapsing otherwise . 
  ( in the 20th century they were de facto . 
  now that de facto is in danger of changing they want to solidify it into de jure , essentially hoping they would not be threatened by darwinian forces . ), 
  i really wonder the unclean jokes . 
  usa/uk does n't even have bidets . 
  because egypt and libya might have plans for eu territory ? 
  as i have repeatedly said , better to not use violence as a threat at all than risk it to be used wrongly . 
  i 'm glad there are no finnish troops in iraq , for example . 
  we should have military for defence , not for adventures in turkey , russia or egypt . 
  even if it means that despots would laugh .
