  the country did n't have a history of colonization . 
  they did things like they had always done . 
  true , after losing ww2 a new constitution was drafted but it was written in such ways that allowed continuation to the pre-ww2 days . 
  as such , ww2 and it 's destruction is a temporal embarrassment . 
   when people of african and european descent differ on practically every aggregate metric , why would you conclude that differences in civilization are due to white racism ? 
  i 'm not sure if by `` descent '' you mean genes or the way the society had been passed down , but clearly colonization caused a huge discontinuation on the latter . 
  colonization ( mainly by the brits in this context , i suppose ) of africa included destroying the earlier cultural reflection points , dividing the land administratively and not by cultural borders and creating a new bureaucracy that was ran by the english . 
  it continued so long that all the people who understood how things used to be run were dead . 
  further , the countries were n't industrialised , instead raw material was sent to europe for procession . 
  so , when the countries turned to independence , the whites left and the blacks did n't have any knowledge how things were done . 
  the few who had ( societal , cultural , economic ) capital had huge power imbalance to their favour , a situation that led in europe to dictatorships ( or earlier , feudalism ) . 
  can we be surprised that africans acted differently ? 
  since then they have built infrastructure and educated people . 
  when brits left , few could read , now in many cases many get to study years before entering working life , creating labour markets for industrialised and service jobs . 
  and sure , things are n't perfect . 
  there are still civil wars , some funded by western capitalists who do n't care how the diamonds have been gathered , some caused by those administrational borders . 
  just look at yugoslavia , which was created on pretty much the same procedure as the african countries . 
  the problems there were exactly the same as what we encounter in africa -- even though yugoslavians were more educated and industrialised . 
  japan is n't europe . 
  and two or three destroyed cities in a country with several more and working bureaucracy and line of succession is hardly comparable to africa which had neither . 
  keep in mind that usa , india and germany are federations more than in just name . 
  japan is extremely homogeneous country that has done their best to `` obey the god-emperor '' the past two millennia or so . 
  china has huge geographical problems that may still cause problems to them if they ca n't address the centre/periphery dichotomy sometime soon . 
  russia falls closer to china than the other four countries . 
  it works thus far because the areas close to moscow are many times more populous than the areas far from moscow , but like china , they are probably experiencing strain , particularly on areas that feel russian second and something else first ( eg . 
  areas far from moscow , perhaps not all border regions due to population transfers , though ) . 
  i 'm thinking the trade opportunities from having direct path to black sea and from there to mediterranean . 
  on the other hand , it also means that we could ship stuff directly from japan and china , cutting travel time in half . 
  i 've only done one ( compulsory ) course in english with finnish lecturer . 
  they had studied years in the english-speaking world and it did n't show at all !, 
   personally i have not heard of anyone who has failed to get a degree due to not bothering to learn finnish . 
  have you ? 
  maybe some places have stricter policies ? 
  i do n't think it stops you from getting the degree , but i 'm fairly sure that the degree represents less knowledge if you 're limited to the courses where finnish professors try to lecture in english . 
   foreign students who come to finland with the intent to study ( majority ) are not eligible for kela to begin with so i doubt this is going to concern op . 
  it sounds to me like your experience concerns a person who 's eligible for kela and might have long term plans to stay in finland ? 
  i can see that would significantly increase the need to put effort into the language courses . 
  i should have written something else there . 
  but basically , bachelor 's degree is 180 credits in three years and master 's is 120 credits in two years . 
  if you spend a year studying the language that means that you have to do a master 's in one or bachelor 's in two -- do'able , i suppose , but hardly something one should recommend . 
  particularly if you 're doing it on a new language . 
  and this while you are n't getting study allowance , so you have to work on the side . 
   are there any white ghettos ? 
  i think we usually use the word `` enclave '' due to `` ghetto '' getting a bad rep in the mid-20th century . 
  i 'm going to guess that you could probably find them in africa , asia , and americas - including usa , thanks to their racial politics in the past . 
   alright , so you just googled and took the first link . 
  a link that amply illustrates that slavery was rather prevalent in africa . . 
  i never claimed there was n't slave trade in africa . 
  i said it was different than in what europeans dabbled in ; eg . 
  shipping them to colonies where they were whipped if they did n't die during the journey , their ancestral religion and folklore was beaten out and they were then segmented out of the society so that 150 years after slavery ended in usa they still get riots over the problem . 
  and the article says as much : horn of africa : * slaves thus served in the houses of their masters or mistresses , and were not employed to any significant extent for productive purpose . 
  slaves were thus regarded as second-class members of their owners ' family , and were fed , clothed and protected . 
  they generally roamed around freely and conducted business as free people as long as they obeyed their owners . 
  they had complete freedom of religion and culture . 
  * central africa : * early portuguese writings show that the kingdom did have slavery before contact , but that they were primarily war captives from the kingdom of ndongo . 
  * great lakes : * when mentioned , the slave trade appears to be of a small-scale and mostly involve slave raiding of women and children along the islands of kilwa kisiwani , madagascar and pemba . 
  historians campbell and alpers argue that there were a host of different categories of labor in southeast africa and that the distinction between slave and free individuals was not particularly relevant in most societies *  minor details in treatments of slaves that your ca n't even name spontaneaously is n't going to work . 
  minor ? 
  well , perhaps compared to the rest of the old world . 
  but i think that when people generally speak of `` slavery '' these days , they 're thinking united states popular culture . 
  and i 'm not sure why choosing an anecdote would have made my points any better . 
   by that reasoning you can also justify colonialism and slavery . 
  how ? 
  relative poverty means that people are happy when they judge that ( 1 . ), 
  they have a good position in their society ( 2 . ), 
  and they ca n't find any clear ways to make it even better . 
  life in 16th century africa was n't ( by any standards i know of ) any worse of than it was in , say , europe . 
  probably better , because they did n't do 100-year wars . 
  edit : and they 're pretty sure that they have prepared for tomorrow so that their position ca n't get worse . 
  i could probably write scenarios where colonialism and slavery would be seen as justified ( ancient greece is often quoted , i believe ) but this was n't what i was doing here . 
   sources please . 
  i believe that proving a negative falls to you . 
   and you 're doing an extremely shitty job . 
  you know , you can at least try to be civil . 
  i have n't treated you badly , you could give me the same courtesy . 
   why ? 
  large parts of africa are populated by arabs and arab speaking people . 
  because the argument was that blacks are racially destined for squalor and failed societies ? 
  or do you define arabs as blacks ? 
  that would explain to me why i have such problems understanding your point . 
   why would it be particularly relevant how people lived ? 
  colonization did n't dictate the details of daily life until at a very late stage . 
  i believe we 're talking about `` the time before [ european ] colonization '' and `` time after colonization '' . 
  that the colonization itself was an ongoing affair does n't really come to it . 
   in any case you did n't substantiate that either except by some vague handwaving and cringeworthy `` noble savage '' stereotypes . 
  please give an example where i talked about `` noble savages '' . 
  i believe that i highlighted education and the understanding of surroundings and personal and political relations - the most important skills in any society . 
  incidentally , what 's your major ? 
  it comes to me that perhaps we 're talking cross-wise . 
  mine is sociology . 
   let 's get real , there were empires and trade and exploitation and slavery in africa by and for africans long before europeans arrived . 
  they 're just people like anyone else , with all the highs and lows . 
  my point exactly . 
  in other words : not under-people who need whites to guide and give paternal attention to make sure that they can a build a working society . 
   show sources let 's start with wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_africa  free and prosperous these are defined differently today than they were back then . 
  it 's the same principle as with relative poverty . 
   you imply a stable system that works without history . 
  essentially a paradise before the fall . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying here , but i meant that the chaos inherent in every system was managed : people knew what they should do to survive and thrive and there were n't any major surprises like decades long civil wars that caused exodus ' to europe . 
   the fact that you 're painting the whole africa i was ( and am ) answering to a claim that blacks have always been unable to take care of their own business .
