  of course i 'm going to ignore arab empires other as external forces !, 
  and yes , i could have mentioned black empires ( horrible word ) but would that tell anything of how people lived ? 
  instead i concentrated on things that connect all societies of certain cultural stages , including my own . 
  ghettos are born partly out of legislation and partly out of wish to stay close to you own language - and culture group . 
  if ( s ) he 's coming to study for a degree , ( s ) he would go to the university 's language centre-courses . 
  from observation and personal experience , you learn a huge amount in a short time , but it 's a full-time thing . 
  enjoy spending your whole period with one or two language courses , earning only 8 credits and having kela come after you for money . 
  edit : i get downvoted for talking about experience ? 
   at that point there were slave traders all over too ( arabs and africans ) . 
  first , african internal slave trade was pretty different than in what europeans dabbled in . 
  i 'm not saying it fills the criteria of human rights , but at least they treated the slaves with value . 
  second , slave trade is example of a failed group of nations as much as organized crime or drug trade are examples on how europe/america are hellholes . 
   africa was no paradise . 
  i did n't claim it was . 
  i especially said `` it was n't a heaven '' . 
   did it ? 
  which `` system '' ? 
  the tribes had lands that were commonly agreed to belong to that tribe . 
  sometimes tribes fought over grassing rights , but that was part of the system . 
  kids were educated how to live and thrive in that system . 
  tribes had their own practices , religion , folklore and knowledge , all of which helped them be good hunters , herders or craftspeople . 
  the power in the tribes was divided in a certain way , and everybody knew how those ways worked . 
  you did n't simply kill your way to the top and declare yourself the king . 
  and sometimes people got caught into slavery , but that was n't the end of it , because everybody knew that what happened to them might happen to you , so you made an effort to treat them accordingly ( this was n't something the european empires were concerned about ) . 
  and slavery was n't for-ever , and you might even have a chance to wander back home sooner or later . 
   i think you have a very rose-colored view on the history of precolonial africa . 
  saying that africa was better of before the european empires came is the same as having `` rose-colored view '' ? 
  that term has clearly suffered horribly from inflation . 
  you seem to make many assumptions about me and my background . 
  democracies are hard to turn into practice . 
  if you look at the new democracies in europe after first world war , pretty much everyone turned into a dictatorship in 20 years and several small wars before the big one in 1939 . 
  and this was without the economic policies that were geared to just push raw materials to a central area , like in africa . 
  the africans inherited political apparatus that most africans had n't been taught to use , economic policies that were n't built to benefit them and borders that were administrative and not national . 
  but never the less , they have done amazing strides in the past 20 years . 
  the development during 90s and 00s has been comparable to europe from 40s to 60s . 
  tl ; dr : europeans themselves failed when they got to choose cards and then are amazed when the africans had problems with worse ones . 
  enjoy the language courses . 
  before you and the continentals started meddling in their affairs in large scale ? 
  granted , it was n't heaven beforehand , but at least the system worked . 
  the colonialism intentionally stripped the nations of their earlier practices but failed to successfully install a new one ( democracy ) . 
  the people who fucked up africa were n't the voters . 
  just like school . 
  thanks for trying . 
  alas , they were all as they should have been at the registry : / and i ca n't see anything when hovering over your link . 
  it comes to me that could this have something to do with logitech 's mouse ? 
  i had it on mac as well and it uses some special drivers . 
  have to investigate tomorrow !, 
  i 'm currently on windows 8.1 , but i previously i used a mac , and i had the same problem then . 
  and i have n't dabbled with registry . 
  the installation is only few months old and i remember everything i 've done with this thus far , 
  alas , after keeping it in one place for half a minute , it still [ looks like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mlhwobg.jpg ) . 
  well , it is n't the add-ons . 
  i only see a question-mark in incognito mode !, 
  but thanks for trying . 
  perhaps somebody else wants to give it a go and hits the nail due to your questions , 
  this seems like a good place to ask : why ca n't i see people 's countries when i hover over their flags ? 
  chrome and res installed . 
   so you 're saying it 's a good thing ? 
  i did n't say anything about that . 
  just that it stuck out of the list , between work camps and cult of personality . 
  if anything , conscription is a neutral thing . 
   i 'd rather take a real army and nato membership any day of the week !, 
  yes , the opposite of `` bad '' can be both `` good in spirit '' and `` practical '' . 
  in this case , i did n't imply either . 
  while i have views on nato , this is n't the time nor place . 
  his cabinet had the first elected female minister in the world . 
  does n't really matter if you 're building a transformer hut . 
   it was quite common for old monuments/buildings to be robbed and the materials reused all over the world though , not just the soviets did it . 
  yeah , it was the standard few centuries back when construction material was hard to create and even harder to move . 
  we 're talking about living memory , though . 
  there was cement available and motor vehicles to move it . 
  as such , the `` value '' of graverobbing ( literally ! ), 
  has diminished . 
  what this is is not unlike shooting the shopkeeper to steal a small bag of sweets . 
  it would be a neat enclave . 
  ( enclaves are sexy . ), 
  you say mass conscription like it 's a bad a thing . 
  for a gay guy , britain was n't much better , though . 
  there were also more regular graveyards on the area . 
  they did n't do it because they disliked jews , but because they were dicks . 
  they also did similar projects with finnish graveyards in the lost karelia . 
  people came to visit and the graveyards were just gone . 
  well , our lived experience tends to affect the choices we make . 
  a straight man would have different life experiences than a straight woman , for example . 
  and this would translate to different policies . 
   did you ever leave the south east i did , actually . 
  went to scotland and not just glasgow and edinburgh . 
   i do n't know why you 're complaining about maps , you 'd get pretty lost without them ... my point was that you should assume that you 're free to roam wherever somebody is n't making a home ( that is , you can clearly see that the lawn is moved ) . 
  that you need a map to find out if you can go somewhere seems rather limited . 
  well , they both matter . 
  it would be unfortunate if a gay man could n't be chosen to be a prime minister , and the same could be said about women . 
  the problem comes when you start to think that a man ( with or without `` faults '' such as homosexuality ) is better suited than a woman . 
  and this was the claim / u/ischuros made , if unintentionally . 
  however , if we assume that both the hypothetical gay man and the heterosexual woman were equally adept in being the prime minister , it 's better if it 's the woman , as she would inspire half the population to give their all in their chosen field . 
  as we know , glass ceiling is a real thing . 
  on the other hand , there are far less gay people and they are harder to discourage because we do n't usually announce our sexual preference along with our names : as such , they find it easier to find jobs ( at least if they 're `` straight gays '' - if they are n't , then the problem is eccentricity , which tends to be frowned upon on few fields ) . 
  i was n't visiting london . 
  britain has huge cities and lively countryside , but it also has areas with few inhabitants . 
  as i said ; wasteland . 
  well , this is my experience from living in uk : nothing in sight save road , wasteland and barbed wire everywhere .
