  staying out would give them more widge-room , ~ ~ not to mention having your own paper money does wonders to your identity . ~ ~ ~ ~ ( also , as less and less people actually use debit cards in lieu of paper money , it does n't really matter that other countries have different money units when travelling . 
   where are balkans ? 
  why should the balkans be there ? 
   what do balkans , belarus and russia have in common ? 
  i do n't know ? 
  could you help me here ? 
   turkey and iceland personally , i suspect iceland is mentioned for the same reason as norway : they 're efta - and nordic council-states , both organisations which have sunken deeper and deeper into eu-infrastructure as the years have gone by . 
  not when they know ( from years of experience ) that the bureaucracy is n't likely to be lenient . 
  not when the cost of doing things properly is so small . 
  `` least amount of malaria '' . 
  at the top ten !, 
  ( seriously , we had malaria till 19th century but then we thought why not get rid of it ? 
  so we did . ), 
  that 's why we 're always on the top of any given list . 
  indeed !, 
  saves in paper to use the shower and you can then wipe the cleaned area dry with the paper . 
   since old age is the most expensive time to take care of you the government is probably saving money well , if it would just hit old age , that would be neat . 
  i have a friend who got cancer in his throat . 
  the doctor was surprised because apparently it 's common in areas where there 's a lot of air pollution ( eg . 
  it 's apparently the most common cancer in china for his age group and those even younger . 
  my friend was 42 . 
  that being the age where people 's income usually peaks before starting to slowly decline until retirement . 
  instead he spent two years on pills , chemo etc. 
  and one more year confined to light work due to side effects . 
   also , doesn anyone have any idea why germany is at 1st place in costs of pollution ? 
  filters and other ways of keeping the pollution out of air . 
  i understand that the ones topping the list are still using soviet tech that was designed without any consideration to air quality . 
  candidate means that if changes are made then you will be ( probably ) voted in . 
  turkey has n't made any ( positive ) changes and has infact gone backward . 
  next to the toilet paper there is a hand shower that you can use as one prefers . 
  in the superior north we use toilet hand showers . 
  takes less space , you get better control etc. 
  yes , seashells ftw, 
  you think it 's likely that they did n't learn to fill a form properly ( or hire somebody to do it for them ) in ten years ? 
  well , as / u/gensek said , it 's either this or something fantastically unlikely . 
  occam 's razor would then imply that this did happen , provided you ca n't somehow prove that it did n't happen . 
  that 's probably as true as we can get , as absolute , undeniable certainty is seldom achieved . 
  particularly in cases like russian bureaucracy , which at this point has a certain undeniable habit of obfuscating truth . 
  i heard that `` football '' was what working class called it and upper classes called it `` soccer '' . 
  so there 's a theme of class oppression in the discussion that 's seldom brought forward . 
  [ better explanation here . 
  ] ( http://www.roblox.com/forum/showpost.aspx?postid=138720932 ) more generally , in most european languages the name of the game is derived from `` foot '' + `` ball '' ( in the local language ) . 
  translation of `` soccer '' does n't exist , leaving you with `` real football '' and `` american football '' ( or if they 're internet savvy , handegg ) . 
  i would probably say the giants ' causeway myself . 
  never heard of any blarney stones . 
  what kind of answer would satisfy you ? 
  media bubble is n't ( solely ) about information , but about thinking that others read the same things as you do . 
  the linked article is informative and has quality -- but also a very distinct pov . 
  this is what russians believe and that 's why their foreign policy ( and mentality as nationality ) is what it is . 
  if you do that , you 're downvoting redditors for breaking your media bubble . . and burying the article for the rest of us . 
  even if you are n't of the same mind as the writer of the article , it might still be a good read . 
  being aware how russia sees europe is very important for understanding their foreign policy . 
   citizenship depardieu ? 
  which is sad , as tuoppi used to be 1,3 litres . 
  they 're forgotten , but according to wikipedia the closest ones are * kortteli * ( 0.33 l ) and * tuoppi * ( 1.31 l ) . 
  as an evidence of how we 're truly living the last days before apocalypse , today `` tuoppi '' is generally held to be about half a litre - which being the answer to your question . 
  you did n't indicate love of cannabis and are therefore wrong . 
  it 's not like anybody 's asking our opinion about the subject either . 
   they 're part of uefa . 
  they 're part of the eurovision song contest . 
  [ members of ebu can take part ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_broadcasting_union#/media/file:ebu_member_elliptic.svg ) . 
  i thought the above was a valid point . 
  it may be that you have a very different kind of idea what 's state 's reaponcipility . 
  i do n't think that not throwing trash to nature or taking others into account is enough to form a national identity -- but i do think it 's paramount for a population that lives without kilometres of your own space . 
  changes in policy , in public opinion etc. 
  would cause changes as descripted . 
  i doubt it . 
  otherwise i 'd get reasonable fees when using an operator with presence in several countries ( such as telia-sonera ) . 
  that 's not the only law they 're not enforcing . 
  i 'm waiting for the europe vs. facebook case with great interest . 
  they were superhigh . 
  then eu stepped in and now they 're reasonable . 
  they were supposed to be abolished totally but somebody got cold feet . 
  fun-fact : on the baltic sea they have cell-phone coverage on the international area due to floating antennas of some kind . 
  the network is registered to iceland so if you happen to make a call on it prepare to sell your car when you get back to land . 
   just tired of hearing the discussion between city and agriculture . 
  [ ... ] of course the countryside need a lot of support , if not they have no choice but to remain poor or move to the city . 
  well , it is a pretty big thing and something that we hit in almost any conversation . 
  how many universities is too many ? 
  how to fund social security , how about health services ? 
  should we upgrade infrastructure at helsinki 's bottlenecks that affect the whole country or fix the roads at the rest of the country etc. 
  you ca n't just pretend that this is n't a real and serious problem without having to go too deep into me first and gim me gimme-politics ( aka . 
  aamu - and iltalypsy ) . 
  and yeah , they need support . 
  i 'm not for emptying the whole country to helsinki , but there are a lot of shades in-beween . 
  deciding what shade we end up with is a continuous process -- and thus always contemporal . 
  and it is n't like the discussion would be solely toward helsinki - when he was still pm , matti vanhanen talked often how he wanted to make the whole country into nurmij\u00e4rvi-style suburb where people commute by cars . 
  that was before i got my political awakening but i still found it rather horrid way to live my life . 
   do you realize how ignorant you sound ? 
  no i do n't . 
  please educate me . 
   an american just asked you what the party stand for , no reason to completely downplay them due to your personal opinion . 
  and i did tell them : small business , welfare and defending countryside . 
  when giving descriptions it 's important to talk about the bad sides of any given policy as well as the bright side . 
  if you read my post history , you will see that i talk of my chosen party in pretty much the same manner . 
   the center party has also downplayed their role on the countryside for this election . 
  centre does this every few years . 
  the problem is that the party gets most of their votes from the countryside ( did they get one seat from helsinki this time ? ), 
  so any policy that 's viewed to support helsinki or cities lowers their chances of renewing their mandate . 
   they are in favour for less bureaucracy and are a liberal party when it comes to trade .
