  remember that the current idea that the areas actually identifying with the state is rather new idea : historically it was just the area from which tax-monies were collected . 
  that land disputes are less severe today than they are in the past is n't due to nato but because after ww2 land-borders were `` locked in '' in a way that they never were previously in history . 
  but if i recall correctly , spanish empire was undisputed due to vatican influence . 
  also , due to more advanced technology , a nation ( or alliance ) can now hold a much larger area than before -- world is smaller . 
  the size of area held is n't the same as being powerful . 
  after all , huge areas of late british empire were nigh-unoccupied wasteland ( australia , antarctica ) , which is pretty much the same you have to say about russian siberia . 
  in a way , what you 're saying here is that `` the definition of civilization is access to internet '' , disregarding that civilization is older than computers . 
  also : does nato `` own '' entire ocean ? 
  north atlantic is limited by northern africa and northern south america as well - which are n't part of nato . 
  and what does `` completely '' undisputed mean ? 
  i remember that russia was ( at least until very lately ) disputing the border with norway and estonia , and that 's just talking about finland 's immediate neighbours . 
  this being said , several war-time alliances were bigger than nato . 
  chinese empire was in many times of it 's history the undisputed peak of human civilization on every meter imaginable ( especially qing dynasty before the eventual fall ) . 
  roman and british empire also count . 
  well , if this is the rock bottom , we 're doing rather well , are n't we ? 
  ( of course , i 'm not one of the people without roof , but still . ), 
   most powerful military alliance in history is this true , though ? 
  you do n't compare technology level laterally but horizontally and the differences between the strongest and second strongest player at any given time . 
  i 'm quite sure you can find stronger alliances in history . 
  perhaps crusades or the imperial alliances against non-european countries in the 19th century . . 
  lenin defined ussr as state capitalist . 
  i suppose he would be an authority of some kind in this subject . 
  do n't they have a hiv epidemic ? 
   why the hell would the inhabitants have anything to do with it being a desert ? 
  do rain dances actually work ? 
  while there 's a desert at the centre of northern america , the area that was colonised after `` manifest destiny '' was coined includes half the continental united states . 
  it was n't all desert . 
  i felt that calling it as `` colonising a desert '' was downplaying the fate of the native population . 
  those too !, 
   was a part of colonising the desert that 's what you call the areas where indians lived ? 
  can be found in oulu . 
  painted in the late 80s , it has been removed several times only to appear back immediately after the cleaners have left . 
  today , it 's one of oulu 's symbols . 
  half an hour after publishing , i was five under zero . 
  and it seemed to be going downhill , so i put that edit in there . 
   singapore is not a democracy in any real sense . 
  the do n't have elections or the election results do n't affect the political course ? 
  or votes are [ de jure/de facto ] only given to a minority ? 
  i 'd say india itself is pretty multicultural . 
  i 'm rather surprised that we did n't like more of european army . 
  i mostly oppose nato due to usa . 
  it seems that i 'm not the only one as ea gets about 10 ... 15 percent points more than nato , but still . 
  edit : nice to downvote for the wrong political opinion . 
  you 're real class acts . 
  as an old-fashioned politician , i like my finnish maidens to have curves . 
  on phone , ca n't really see your flair . 
  i assume you have a doctorate in economics . 
  the thing is , moving out is n't purely economic decision ( i 'm referring to weber 's rationality-theory here ) . 
  i 'm not saying economics ca n't have really high explanationary numbers at times , but based on the five introduction-courses on the subject it surely ca n't claim them consistently !, 
  and the mathematic models are based ( afaik ) heavily upon assumptions . 
  just because the assumptions are written down as letters do n't make them any more valid . . 
  but of course , as a student of sociology , i 'm biased , 
  in social sciences over 50 % means jackpot , though !, 
  even today , there 's barely any salt in the northern part of the baltic sea . 
  do n't know why any would appear after the land closes in . 
  i remember driving the swedish coast . 
  some town around/near ume\u00e5 wanted to keep their church next to the sea , so they ended up building/moving it every few hundred years ( as few kilometres is a long distance without bikes or autos ) . 
  ( that the church tended to get burned semi-regularly made the rebuilding necessary anyway . ), 
  you could always claim protestant ethos , but i do n't think that would take you very far . 
  but remember that this is a binary choice : stay home/leave when able . 
  you could have a multitude of different reasons to end with one position . 
  housing prices ( how much does it cost to rent a room ? 
  ) , job market ( can you afford the prices ) , government subsidies ( again , can you afford ) , need ( do people move to another area to study/work ) , cultural customs ( more exactly , how tightly are you bound to your home town ) . 
  the previous poster suggested that nordics have the same mentality than americans , but for different reasons . 
  not that usa has a welfare state . 
  human labour is a resource , though . 
  [ moscow : omon-troops disperse a demonstration . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're saying here , but never the less , the above was n't the point of my argument . 
   nothing is ever free it 's true that nothing is ever free , but also remember that a service needs certain things to be viable , and funding is only one of these . 
  further the monies can be collected at several points -- and that there are more than two or three points in the service where the money can be collected . 
  in the case of windows , there are at least these things the service needs to be viable : i. 
  ** user base . 
  ** microsoft is relying on the fact that it has a massive amount of users . 
  this is important because it means they can push their services knowing they are going to succeed on markets and likely to become market leaders . 
  with windows , you do n't have to worry about games not working or drivers not existing . 
  the user base divides into * corporate * , * home users * and * government * ( including schools ) . 
  ** trustworthiness ** . 
  one of apple 's biggest draws is that it ( allegedly ) does n't get viruses . 
  on the other hand , world is full of pirated windows-machines that do n't get updates for obvious reasons . 
  also for obvious reasons , they 're full of viruses . 
  now for the money . 
  the user base is huge , but the amount of money microsoft gets from home users is relatively little : the bundled os 's only bring few dollars in ( if that ) and many have pirated os 's ( particularly in china ) . 
  and not that many buy os upgrades anyway , so giving the update for free might actually lose only very little amount of money . 
  ( after all , the home users are still paying for new licences . ), 
  on the other hand , corporate and government pay a lot of the licences , and they do their buying decisions based on what the decision makers use at home . 
  they are also concerned over security , so getting home users to update their machines regularly means more sales for corporate and government . 
  so yes , microsoft will lose some money over the free updates . 
  but actually , relatively little . 
  what they get is a more trustworthy and robust ecosystem that is easier to sell in future . 
  it 's a cost for microsoft , but so is developing a new os . 
  saying that `` if you do n't pay , you are n't the customer '' is extremely stupid , because you can be paying for your product in other ways than just with your wallet or with your privacy . 
  ( edit : another example : according to studies , the most important decision maker for purchases in a family is the child . 
  this is even though the child seldom has any money of their own . 
  but the parents tend to follow child 's urges , so being able to influence/market to the child also swings the wallets of the parents . 
  this is why fast food restaurants have child parks and morning cereals have toys . 
  in the windows 10-case , the home users are very much the children-decision makers : not valuable in themselves , but valuable because they affect those who have money . ), 
  user account created for this particular thread . 
  draw your conclusions . 
  european tourists pretty much anywhere ? 
  they ask for security number and then quiz if you know what 's written in your file .
