  so , two things . 
  seeing as how i 'm still peeved of how christianity destroyed finnish heritage , this did n't really seem like the best catch story to make me like him , but what do i know ? 
  i think that in retrospect france may have noticed that it was a faustian contract - not that germany was a devil . 
  but you know : lost the war , won the peace . 
   see , the euro not our doing . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  i said that as the king of the heap , any policy developed or implemented has german blessing . 
  it may not been your idea , but without you , there would n't be any euro . 
  in essence , euro is just d-mark , renamed . 
  check my edit , too !, 
  well , german values . 
  without united germany , france and britain had far more power in international and transnational organisations . 
  the only real representatives and voices of europe . 
  when the germanies united , they took the road to become the biggest power in europe . 
  first it was `` germany with france or britain backing '' , now it 's just germany - merkel does n't need a wingman like kohl and schr\u00f6der did . 
  now when we think of `` voice of europe '' we think of merkel . 
  and this means financial policy with strong euro which benefits germany and it 's nearby neighbours , but is increasingly hard for the periphery - meaning both finland , spain , greece and probably ireland , too . 
  it means foreign policy where france and britain are increasingly sidelined . 
  and social policy which prefers social corporatism over northern unitary welfare model . 
  edit : this model is really return to the state before german empire , even more than what we really got ( west/east germany ) . 
  in modern times , if eu would still have happened , it would have left germanies in the tables next to finland , sweden , benelux etc. , but meant that france would always have been naturally the one to chair the meetings and set the agenda ( with britain , perhaps , as the secretary ) . 
  remember how britain ( and i think , france ? ), 
  opposed united germany back in 1989 . 
  united germany is `` better for europe '' only with certain values of `` europe '' . 
  alternatively : well-educated and cultured folk , multilingual ( even swedish !, 
  ) , good dressers , droll company . 
  uniformly loved by those who 's fate left them on the wrong side of ring-road . 
  humble and nearly otherworldly beautiful , too . 
  nice place : pub , dance club and a sauna . 
  so you can drink beer while in sauna - after you can go dancing in the jacuzzi . 
  the people to the east really know how to party . 
  [ it 's always no . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ), 
   they ca n't all leave , and they ca n't all be ignored their right to a liberal republic . 
  sure they can . 
  dictatorship of the majority etc. 
  yes , this was the op 's link . 
  glad to see you did n't click it . 
  they call them whites because over the generations they 've lost the right to call themselves european . 
  why is this article here ? 
  for southerners it might be hard to grasp why that '' [ little land ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_vd8pk94xk_y/rsputa3h3ui/aaaaaaaaacu/p3wix8abryo/s1600/p.jpg ) '' ( the purple , lowest area on the map ) was important , but farming north of karelia is unprofitable due to short summers . 
  while the area on map does n't look too bad , it was a huge percentage of finnish farming land , heavily populated , heavily developed ( not to mention our military fortifications were there , which would have made us easy to annex if war would have broken afterwards - which it did ) . 
  the areas promised as recompense ( green ) , while bigger , mostly consisted few pre-industrial farming villages . 
  it would have been like usa swapping the state of new york to canada against the canadian territory bordering on alaska . 
    much of northern europe ( except for france ) has almost as high a percentage of english-speakers , especially in major cities . 
   however , the media in those countries is not in english : forget about watching tv ( except channels from other countries ) , going to the theatre , watching a movie not originally in english and many other things . 
  subtitle track is n't * that * distracting . 
  i guess if there was a standard , it would be about how doing this is illegal . 
  way too many states fear the privacy implications . 
  from which longer video is this taken from ? 
  yes ( pipes and vaping do n't count ) . 
  to such extend that educated people who smoke try to do it `` on the sly '' . 
  one of the biggest culture shocks i had in france was seeing well-dressed people smoking in public . 
  in finland and sweden public smokers tend to be people who have an habitus that is clearly indicating on lack of education , low hygiene-standards or interest in maintaining appearances . 
   government is doing this in order to rob people , there are no other reasons beside that . 
  they 're not interested in promoting public transportation or discouraging the use of a lot of space-requiring private transport on area where space is scarce ? 
  buildings burn everywhere . 
  the question is are the remains cleared away afterward or left to rot in place ( like they often seemed to be in scotland ) . 
  russia does . 
  are you implying that if russia attacks , these countries would just keel over and none of the other countries would do anything ? 
   i \u00b4 m not well-informed on this topic , but i would think he would try to push as far as he can without risking war . 
  his friends wo n't like war either . 
  this is what hitler was doing as well . 
  and then he overstepped . 
  there are states in europe that are not in nato . 
  belarus and ( larger chunk of ) ukraine come readily in mind , as does moldova . 
  clearly i think finland and sweden are in a whole another category , but still : not in nato . 
  also , it 's not about gdp but about weapons and manpower . 
  russia has both . 
   is he also suicidal ? 
  well , truth to be told , neither was hitler . 
  he was banking on that he could just do his business in east europe and nobody in the west would care enough to start a war over it . 
  the business in georgia and ukraine is banking on the fact that we 're not going to get involved . 
  if he starts pushing to belarus or the other slavic , non-eu-states , will eu intervene ? 
  and if not , would they intervene if russia annexes western karelia ( in finland ) ? 
   it is an ugly stain of stalinism according to wikipedia , it 's based on empire state building and historical buildings around warsaw . 
  and does n't look remotely like stalinism . 
  no cement legoes ( as far as i can see from the photos ) . 
  putin wants lebensraum ? 
  they 're probably there due to nordic council-connection . 
  does this mean that we get high numbers because we test much , not because we actually have a lot per capita ? 
  i 've never understood this indo-european fixation to gender . 
  i guess the league of nations did n't want to start talking about to whom areas `` really '' belonged . 
  might have caused problems on all the german borders , not to mention at ireland etc. 
  how is he sober if he has bought himself a drink ? 
  [ this is five metres ] ( http://media1.bauhaus.fi/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/800x/1a17918e44d2edddfbaa97176b38c59d/3/1/31090920.jpeg ) and [ this is 30 cm ] ( http://images.biltema.com/paxtoimageservice.svc/product/large/2000024183 ) . 
  you would n't guess that by looking at them , though . 
  ( in other words , the map makers counted every small nook and bulge , instead of just thinking how long do you have to sail to go through the whole coastline ) . 
  remember that nations ( and countries ) are build around travel time from the capital ( or capital is set so that the travel time stays reasonable ) . 
  that 's why historical capitals of land-based countries tend to be near the centre of the ( historical ) population - berlin in the middle of german empire , warsaw in the middle of old poland , brussles in belgium ... 
  but norway ( or any nordic country , really ) is n't a land-based country . 
  it 's water-based . 
  the sea allows fast access along the coast , but not really inland . 
  the border between sweden and norway is pretty much drawn based on rivers : if the river flows west , it 's norway , if it flows east , it 's sweden . 
  of course , the ultima thule is pretty well just lines on map , but if [ you look at old maps of the north ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/old-map-scandinavian-10772615.jpg ) , it 's pretty evident : stockholm in the crossroads of baltic , with the land administered connected to sea by rivers and norway the coastline outside baltic ( do you need different vessels in the atlantic ? ) . 
  also note how the areas with lots of rivers get drawn bigger and the areas with less rivers ( lapland ) gets drawn smaller . 
  but elizabeth was an empress , wasnt she ? 
  the year of linux on the desktop is nigh !, 
  first china then korea and now russia !, 
  religious mag , so no .
