  bacon is food . 
  properly handled bacon is food . 
  meat that has n't been properly handled is everything that shit is , too ( with the addition that some people eat it ) . 
   you seem to be one of these people for whom the rights of the minorities and their culture is more important than the actual native people 's . 
  that 's sad and i have to wonder what makes a person that way . 
  i 'm one of those people who has worked with youths that have tried suicides because their `` pals '' at school have done small innocent jokes similar to the ones described in this newspiece . 
  after you encounter them daily you realise that you do n't have ( and can never have ) a place in society , which leads to suicides . 
  or in worse event , school shootings . 
  you do n't need to respect minorities or their culture to treat people as human beings with odd hangups ( which we all are ) . 
  it does n't really matter if somebody does n't eat bacon because he 's muslim , vegetarian or because he 's dieting . 
  forcing people to go against their chosen decisions in arbitrary manner without a legal way ( that is , without doing something extreme ) is very damaging emotionally . 
  it does n't help that when you do things like target a community ( no matter is it muslim , nerds or whatever ) you 're helping to create an harmful operating procedure that will outlast the action that caused it ( or even any people involved ) . 
  i much prefer [ the danish bus commercial ] ( http://youtu.be/ixf_9jxv0h4 ) . 
  it was better before everybody else started copying it . 
  they gave us that . 
  yeah . 
  that 's true . 
  no , usually the question is `` what have the romans ever done for us ? '', 
   was someone hurt physically ? 
  i note that you excluded emotional hurt . 
  and the mosque 's status as a `` safe place '' got a big hit . 
  not to mention the whole area where the mosque is located . 
   was something even broken ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that they had to hire cleaner 's to get the bacon off and probably had to do some services to make the place spiritually clean again . 
   and you 're saying that the teenagers should be put in a prison for that ? 
  what the teenagers ( who were apparently both adults ) did was cleverly think that because they had found `` muslim-kryptonite '' they could safely use to harass a minority . 
  as i said , if you threw shit into a church during a service , you would expect a punishment , would n't you ? 
  something else than just asked to clean it up again ? 
  i do agree that a year is too much , but just asking them to clean it up is obviously way too little . 
  that would just invite teenagers ( as you said ) to throw bacon in there as often as possible as the reward of not getting caught is immense while the punishment of getting caught is almost nil . 
  `` what has eu ever done for us ? '', 
  how about `` without spending a cent '' ? 
  `` compromise '' would mean that putin does n't have to leave empty-handed . 
  and as he started with nothing , that 's a win . 
  and probably a doctor too . 
  he did n't study all those years to be called a mister !, 
  serious business in germany . 
  if there 's anything about nato , i 'd like to hear . 
  poland has been pushed out in the local nato-conversation few times showing how much better we would be if instead of independent defence we would join nato and do what americans asks us to . 
   no , they fought for their idependence source ? 
  because i 've always thought ww1 was more about generally about `` do you know what would really scratch the itch today ? 
  a good war !, 
  what do you say , chaps ? '', 
  and france is in eu . 
   the only people who could possibly see this as being political are opportunistic populists who see everything as being political . 
  everything is political . 
  even commemorating the catastrophe of ww1 is political , because ignoring it would be as well . 
  `` political '' just means that there 's a possibility of choosing . 
  processors are a really hard industry to start improving in , as you have to keep pace with the the other operators and keep your stuff compatible with other computer hardware . 
  there 's a reason why there are only two major producers when i last checked ( us-based intel and amd ) and one minor one ( taiwanese via ) . 
  of these , at least amd has been flirting with bankruptcy . 
  copying without improvements is the stage before doing improvements . 
  china has been very serious with producing their own high tech the past decade , following the footsteps of japan ( who also started with cheap copies before they had the knowhow to start making improvements ) . 
  you 're saying that more important than intention or end-result is the ease of doing . 
  by the same standard taking a lollipop from a baby or pushing somebody under a train should also be prison-free , as extending a hand is even less work than wrapping bacon on a door handle . 
   they could have been charged with petty vandalism . 
  anything else is excessive . 
  it 's petty vandalism . 
  it 's also a hate crime . 
  you could probably also tag this with terrorising , in that the act probably was meant to show how easy it is to piss horribly on something that other people see as dear . 
  not to mention that if the sentence is too low ( such as just cleaning the bacon off as somebody in this thread suggested ) it would undoubtedly lead to many more such events ( as the harm caused is viewed as great but the punishment as low -- not to mention there 's a very good chance of getting away with it if you are n't a total idiot like the `` heroes '' of this particular story ) . 
  but i 'd say a year is too much . 
  i 'd give something like a month of rehabilation and a few months of dayfines . 
   it 's disturbing to see a british court supporting any religious nonsense . 
  this is clearly vandalism to no smaller extend than throwing shit into anglican church and smearing it into doorhandles . 
  stuff like that needs to be addressed with -- though a year in jail seems awfully severe . 
   sikorski : `` you know that polish-american alliance is worth nothing . 
  it 's even harmful , because it creates a fake sense of safety . 
  total bullshit , we 'll get conflicted with germany and russia and we 'll think everything is ok , because we sucked american 's dick . 
  losers , complete losers '' i find this quote very interesting , as it relates to directly to pro-finland-into-nato arguments . 
  is this really the right sub ? 
  china already has those designs , it does n't really matter if russia has them too . 
  the absolutes are !, 
  christmas is n't placed around winter solstice by accident . 
  in nordic languages the word for christmas ( * jul * ) comes from the position of the sun . 
  and summer solstice is literally middle-summer ( * midsommar * ) . 
  and these two are the biggest events of the year . 
  that test was n't made by op . 
  it 's been floating around the net at least ten years . 
  it also has some bigger problems , some of which [ i wrote about here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/28qxoa/anybody_interested_in_a_political_compass_survey/cidmisr ) . 
  i feel that the left/right axis could have been named better as the term implies both economic and social ideals ( namely , how to divide wealth and work and how society should be constructed . 
  the parts also play against each other ) . 
  now the study ( seems to assume ) that if i want to tax big corporations and/or rich heavily or want globalism to serve people , that 's left/right-question but should marihuana/gay-issues be allowed , that 's social question . 
  this divide means that any person that lives in 21st century ends up on the liberal-side of the line . 
  that `` liberal '' is renamed `` libertarian '' makes the whole thing even more horrid . 
  i 'd probably have used something like equality/conservative and liberal/unity ( based on what hartley dean wrote , not my idea ) . 
  http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-9.25&amp;soc=-5.59 the lower axis should be `` liberal '' not `` libertarian '' . 
  some of those questions were also somewhat questionable . 
  i 'm fairly sure that the question about `` natural unluckiness '' was counter-question for astrology , though nobody ( well , very few ) would say that `` natural talent '' for music or personal skills were magical . 
  but i digress . 
  the map seems to be that of eu minus baltics . 
  being smart and working under false information is a completely possible occurrence . 
  you 're also confusing `` successful '' with `` ideal '' . 
  you can be wheel-chair bound and still be successful . 
  that does n't mean that being in wheel-chair is optimal . 
  i 'd say that believing in creationism is a bit like being bound in wheel-chair . 
  sure , you can still live a happy life , as long as you 're happiness is n't derived from keeping in shape by running stairs . 
  or talking to people eye-to-eye in corridors . 
  i expect your solicitor-friend is either rather confused by zoological museums or alternatively very angry that they would tell lies . 
  if a guy comes out of oxford thinking earth is 4000 years old then ( 1 . ),
