  you ca n't change just one part but everything would fall under discussion again . 
  and the total is rather positive ( or so many think ) . 
  renegotiating would be a huge loss of face , and thus everything is done to avoid it . 
  it 's very rare than these things fall apart in parliament . . particularly as the mp 's think that the papers are great because they have gotten this far and fail to read them with thought . 
  its a classic case of `` we 're just negotiating , you can decide if the end-result is ok later/you should have said something earlier . 
  it 's way too late now '' - switchereroo . 
  it 's pretty popular political manoeuvre . 
  this does n't really surprise me . 
  austerism works well with juncker 's party 's neoliberal agenda . 
   non-eu countries are weird . 
  let 's ostracise them for being different . 
  this is daily life in finland and sweden as well . 
  it 's just we do n't have road tunnels in north so the reindeer have to go somewhere else . 
  the news-piece does n't mention this but this is offspring of the europe v. facebook-project by the same student ^ 1 that has been ongoing for several years ( since august 2011 ) . 
  as i recall , schrems did student exchange in usa years back and heard that non-north american facebook-users are legally under irish and eu jurisdiction ( and not us ) and can ask copy of all information in facebook 's database if wanted . 
  schems did this and got a cd with [ thousand pages worth of data ] ( http://www.identityblog.com/?p=1201 ) . 
  yet the data was still incomplete . 
  as others tried to get their copies , facebook just directed people to the facebook-export tool ( which copies messages and the newsfeed ) . 
  schrems tried to get through irish data protection commissioner ^ 2 , who was more interested in safeguarding facebook than doing their job . 
  schrems complaints were refused to be picked up or seen as `` informal '' even though law was fairly clear on the topic ( according to schrems , ianal ) . 
  schrems took his grievances to irish court and has apparently over the years gone through all the possible stages . 
  the class action suit comes after irish high court sent the case to european court of justice instead of giving their own opinion . 
  schrems ' webpage documenting his efforts over the years [ can be found here ] ( http://europe-v-facebook.org/en/en.html ) . 
  list of complaints and cases are [ documented here ] ( http://europe-v-facebook.org/en/complaints/complaints.html ) . 
  the page should show pretty clearly that most complaints are never publicly returned to by the idpc , some complaints are danced around and some are outright ignored or rejected . 
  all in all , schrems is n't graduating anytime soon . 
  ^ 1 apparently he has ended his studies but did the mistake of using facebook-case as his thesis . 
  what with all the above he has n't gotten the case to it 's conclusion and so the thesis stays unfinished as well . 
  ^ 2 several times : every time something new came out in the media . 
  latest example being prism . 
  apparently the office is more interested in safeguarding irish it-sector than irish and eu-citizens . 
  the route is entirely dependant on russian airspace as on any longer flight the gasoline will run out . 
  those reindeer will be eaten . 
  why rise them otherwise ? 
  only very few years . 
  worth mentioning that passports were only in use from ww1 to 50s , so not that many decades . 
   how do you know to request information about someone whose information was removed ? 
  they will by definition appear to have nothing of concern about them . 
  by the same standard i would ask how would you know to ask information in the first place , even if it were public ? 
  if we have a private individual ( like me , perhaps ) , why would journalists want to do extended data collecting on me ? 
  the only people who have a reason to google me are my mother ( who frequently does this to her children because i do n't know ) , potential employers ( who , incidentally , are forbidden to do this by law ) and stalkers who for several reasons are n't interested doing stuff `` the proper way '' . 
  should any of this be enabled ? 
  if something were happen that would make me a person of public interest ( let 's say i was voted into parliament after a really half-assed campaign that everybody disregarded as a joke ) the news organisations would do a search on their earlier articles and drafts of articles to find out if my name has popped out ( as it probably would as one of the `` people on the street '' and during my half-assed campaign ) . 
  in no way could these databases ever be destroyed or censored because the material is private information and not accessed by any outsiders . 
  if there were legistlation that would touch into this , then free press is pretty much dead already and we have bigger problems than background checks on new backbench politicians . 
  after quick background check to find interesting questions request of my court records ( etc. ), 
  would be made . 
  as the news organisation has a legitimate need , copies will be provided . 
  if they would n't be ( due to change of law ) , this would endanger democracy , as people would n't be able to make valid decisions again ( and again , news organisations usually make requests of every document courts push out and enter it into their private databases , so they would most likely have copies of my previous exploits even without requests ) . 
  even private individuals may ask for these documents as they are public ( though not available on ` net ) . 
  with this information , they would then decide to interview me . 
  after interview , they would probably start interviewing people who have been mentioned in the given information in my context . 
  as you see , google-search does n't have anything to do with this . 
  all interesting information would come up in the interviews and in the background searches . 
  if the removed stuff was important , you 'd see hints to it in the other material . 
  if it was n't ( like misdemour-stuff that are removed from police databases after five years ) , then it does n't really matter . 
   there 's already legislation against revenge porn in most countries . 
  it 's a violation of privacy , not a censoring of public information . 
  my point was n't about revenge porn , but that censorship is n't always bad thing . 
  you were appealing to censorship as it would be inherently bad thing . 
  and some of the other commenters in here seem to have fallen into that . 
  [ lactose intolerance is n't actually all-or-nothing-deal ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/health/lactose-intolerance-drink-milk-article-1.1504333 ) , even if some people do treat it like that . 
  not that i agree with your definition , but censorship has it 's places . 
  if a sex tape would get to internet ( via upset ex , for example ) , trying to get it destroyed would be censorship and still the right thing to do . 
   this kind of ruling could be expanded to apply not only to google searches , but to indices of printed newspapers and the like . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole europe , but at least in finland names are n't published in newspapers because even convicted private individuals have right to privacy ( and again , persons of public interest such as former executives of merrill-lynch do n't or should n't have such rights and that 's why their names are published regularly , as even speculation is something they 're supposed to withstand against that big salary of theirs ) . 
  i understand that this legistlation was put into effect because not everybody respected this consensus . 
  news organisations have private databases for stuff like every printed news-story and the drafts used to create it . 
  they also have copies of pretty much every public document the state has ( which does have the names of convicted people ) . 
  so journalists do ( or should do ) searches . 
  if we 're actually in a situation where journalists are using only google and some other public search engines , the news corporation as the `` fourth state power '' has already been lost . 
   what happens if someone expunges this information and then later becomes a person of public interest ? 
  newspapers still have their internal search engines and journalists are allowed to request information on persons of public interest . 
  what this limits is searches done by private individuals . 
  people who need this information due to work are still able to get it . 
  i think he 's saying that the new boss is the same as the old boss . 
  does n't mean he approves said boss . 
  i 'm going to guess that this will not be acted upon . 
   us usually shutdowns civilian gps signals in conflict regions . 
  ( they did it during georgian war in 2008 as well ) back in 2008 glonass was not yet fully operational , which meant that both sides were relying on gps . 
  this has since changed ( in 2011 , according to wikipedia ) so disabling gps today would just mean handling the advantage to the side supposedly backed by russia . 
  i 've heard nothing about usa degrading gps on the area . 
  but i might well be wrong . 
   right , and uk society being so radically different from violent ones is the reason for this statue standing in london . 
  i 'm not saying uk society is radically different . 
  i said that that 's the reason the cops do n't carry guns . 
  the expanded explanation would be that guns were/are associated with military , and back when the metropolitan police was founded that was the only association that existed . 
  perhaps the opposite can in fact be said : because the association with thread of violence was so strong , the enforcers were intentionally made less threatening . 
  i 'd also argue that not only it is relevant that the statue has a sword ( and not all representations of the idea do ) but that the statue is holding the sword upward and unsheathed ( ready to be used ) and not sheathed and on waist ( power available but unused ) . 
   no , the executioner 's sword symbolizes power to the inside , not the application of force to the outside . 
  and that is vital for for keeping up peace , so the dove and lady justice are intertwined . 
  society works because the people in it wish to partake in society , not because they are forced to do so . 
  the sword implies force , the need of those on top to rule without acceptance ( this is the reason why in uk police does n't carry guns : they uphold the peace through being representatives of the society , not through force ) . 
  but you can be of different mind if you wish : i do not wish to spend a nice summer day inside arguing , 
  i 'm not anarchist . 
  but i feel the connotation of eu-flag plus armed lady justice plus pigeon equals `` exporting our worldview disregarding what the natives think '' ( as in `` iraqi freedom '' ) . 
  i 'd rather have seen lady justice removed ( eu-flag equals peace ) or pigeon removed ( eu flag equals justice ) . 
  the sword the lady justice holds symbolises power to enforce judgements . 
  if justice is glad in a flag , then it might not be impartial , something that can be accepted , but instead something imposed from outside ( as clearly shows in british discussion on sharia-law ) . 
  that the lady justice carries a sword takes something away from the pigeon .
