  that 's the worst reason for aggression i 've ever heard . 
  anyway , mannerheim was well over 75 at this point . 
  as a foreign citizen and as a noble , he would n't have survived at the soviet union till the late 1930s and even if he had , he had been sent to retirement at least a decade earlier . 
  anyway , one can pretty clearly say that as finnish citizen and noble , he owed his loyalty to the ruler of finland . 
  which * had * been the grand duke/tsar and after 1918 would have been the parliament of finland . 
  not even the soviets disagreed with this . 
  is this indignation over this point a current sentiment at russia today ? 
   concentration camps . 
  even if these were `` death camps '' , remember that they existed as reaction to soviet aggression , and did n't have existence outside the war . 
  they ca n't be used as justification for the wars you waged . 
  and this is my main point : i did n't say we were heroes : i said we ( or more exactly , our ancestors ) survived against great odds and we take pride in that . 
  you , on the other hand made a deal with hitler to carve europe in half . 
  you invaded several countries that had non-existed military and no alliances that would have caused any troubles . 
  at worst , getting those bases in the lower baltic countries should have made you at ease . 
  that it did n't , shows that you ca n't have any claim to the title of hero . 
  instead you raped and pillaged your way through the continent and ended up with even more territory than what you negotiated with hitler . 
  if not for those german concentration camps ( and the usa/british need to justify alliance with soviet union ) you would have been the main baddie in every ww2-film ever created . 
  let 's remember that the whole fiasco started with molotov-rippentrop and you attacking finland and taking over the rest of the baltic states . 
  sounds pretty villainous to me . 
  we did n't even have proper army at that point . 
   ah , but of course , you simply forced them to work until they die from malnutrition , tuberculosis , typhus , hunger and overall neglect . 
  but you did n't pull the trigger , so it did n't count , did it ? 
  i did say we had food logistics issues at the start , but they were fixed fairly early into the war . 
  please provide sources of `` working until they died '' . 
   the finns had actively collaborated with nazis , they had acted as a willing accomplice in one of the worst warcrimes of the wwii , helping to starve to death the former metropolis ( leningrad ) i believe you had time to evacuate but did n't . 
  and mannerheim ordered us to not attack the city nor disturb the logistics columns feeding the city . 
  plus , you know , molotov-rippentrop . 
  we had been dismantling our military since 20s all the way to around 1938 ( which is why we had to do with molotovs in winter war ) . 
  and after winter war ended , soviet union kept shooting down our planes and crossing over our borders . 
  we would have been idiots if we had n't done whatever we could to get help . 
  particularly as during the same time you invaded and took over estonia who had done everything you had asked for it . 
  if leningrad ended between a rock and a hard place , it was n't because we wanted war . 
   ( the same that at least some of them had given an oath to serve [ 1 ] ) i do n't really know anything about the oaths of fealty , but were they to the state or to the emperor ? 
  in either case , ( 1 . ), 
  at this point mannerheim had n't drawn salary from russia in 20 years ( !, 
  what with lenin granting independence to finland and mannerheim having finnish citizenship , he probably was n't eligible to serve if he had wanted and ( 3 . ), 
  he probably did n't acknowledge soviet leadership over russia anyway . 
   they had established a network of concentration camps and had an ethnic cleansing in progress . . 
  it was an ethnic cleaning in the sense that we were transporting those russians to soviet-held areas . 
  before that point , soviet union had done an ethnic cleansing of their own in the area in the 30s ( some of the people who escaped getting shot or thrown into gulag were my ancestors - some of my family did n't make it ) and then emptying of the karelian peninsula after winter war in 1940 was mostly in fear of this happening to the people who stayed . 
  does n't he own a tv-channel ? 
  this should be easy enough to arrange . 
  well , not our brightest moment , for sure . 
  the discourse was , i believe , that having a relatively big amount of hostile civilians walking around the war area and potentially doing acts of sabotage was a bad idea . 
  the logic was the same as what americans did with japanese-americans , expect that in our case they were n't loyal patriots . 
  we did n't kill people on the camps ( apart of those who died early on due to malnutrition for failures in logistics chain ) and we actively transported these people away to russian-held territories through the whole war . 
  ( also , they were called * transportation * camps as soon as we found out how the german camps were translated into finnish . 
  we tried to do the distinction from the very start . 
  and it was n't like russians did n't have camps of their own -- which does n't justify anything , just pointing out that the problems we associate with the camps have more to do with germany and gulags than they do with the camps per se . ), 
  if anything , the finnish narrative of war is one of survival and a fable of rising necessity into virtue . 
  but it 's not one of heroism . 
  i think heroes have choices , we never really felt we had any . 
   you could hardly call anyone a `` good guy '' in ww2 the keyword was `` cast '' , to create a narrative of heroes and villains , which i felt you were doing with `` fighting against fascism '' as heroic chore and `` putin is doing '' as somehow cheapening what happened in ww2 . 
  yet crimea/east-ukraine is part of the policy which led to molotov/rippentrop , as putin has himself said ( and many others before him ) . 
  biggest country by area even post-1991 . 
  soviet union is as much responsible for the war as germany . 
  and the germans felt they were fighting a war against communism . 
  and the war was followed by soviet puppet states . 
  imho , it feels very disrespectful to cast soviets as a hero instead of a villain who successfully switched teams and won . 
  might even be lower . 
  remember that baby boom was the result of ww2 . 
  and the boom was followed by government policies for large families . 
  what counted as war crime was defined only after ww2 and in such way that allied actions were minimised . 
  also , winners get to burry their shady stuff , losers get theirs dragged to light . 
  if they get the views , they can justify the money they poured on the development aid . 
  well , northern and southern european countries do n't really form an optimal economic area , which is n't the same as that it ca n't survive . 
  perhaps the same can be said of ttip ? 
  please do n't make assumptions on what i know or do n't know . 
  as long as usa keeps pushing policies to other countries i 'm very interest in what happens in usa . 
  but that 's separate from trashtalking the competition . 
  he asked about gender , you linked to article about biological sex . 
  great job . 
  ( incidentally , there are three biological sexes , as xxy exists also . ), 
  the social security number is based on biological sex . 
   also , why is everyone here so eager to give their money to the state ? 
  because without state there would n't be amazon either ? 
  so this policy does n't affect prices , only profits ? 
  the problem is that amazon got it 's business by competing with bookstores that did pay their taxes ( not just brick and mortar ) . 
  so what we got were bookstores going bankrupt , people getting unemployed and no tax monies from the company that took the business over . 
  i was n't aware that germans were murdering people in the middle-east ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  and how big percentage of the tax monies do you suppose is channelled to kill arabs ( as opposed to your petrol euros ) ? 
  when are n't things political ? 
  esc will survive us all . 
  thank you !, 
  those are surprisingly big numbers , particularly the finnish one . 
   cause ukrainian government and tv never lied to us recently . 
  they ca n't made those folks to talk stuff that we want to hear . 
  really ? 
  there 's been a lot of separate verification of different parts of the story by several media houses . 
  are you suggesting they 're all co-operating ? 
  that 's an illuminati-level claim , there . 
  yes , that was what i was implying . 
  they had their gas-infrastructure built during the soviet times . 
  are n't the eastern european states the ones most dependant on gas ? 
  i 'm disappointed that we did n't get land border with estonia : /, 
  in that case you probably missed the thread where the foreigners suggested that we merge / r/suomi into / r/finland because nobody speaks finnish and that way we get more content into / r/finland . 
  my favourites are `` hey , i 'm average joe and i 'm too lazy to learn your language but i want to study 4 free . 
  why should i come to your country to study 4 free and not go to germany or sweden ? 
  explain in detail pls , i 'm graduating from high school tomorrow . '',
