  selling natural monopolies is always a bad business , because what ever you get for it , the other party can get it right back by rising the prices right after ( and thatcher sold under market price , to boot ! ) . 
  also state-run company does n't mean the same as badly run and badly run does n't mean the same as in need of privatisation . 
   it 's called economic growth i 'm talking of hdi . 
  economic growth alone does n't cut it , as it does n't tell how the money is distributed . 
   i 'm sure russians would be better off materially and civically with a different leader . 
  i 'd say the same for britain . 
   also , thatcher 's policies have lead to the uk now being one of the major economies in the west with the highest growth rate . 
  large economy that only serves comparatively few people in london is a tragedy , not a success . 
   pre-thatcher post-war uk was a disaster . 
  true , changes had to be made . 
  but it 's questionable was getting rid of the whole coal industry virtually without any phase out and without any contingency plans very good idea . 
  as i said , those people ( and their kids ) are still unemployed , two generations later . 
  similar `` disasters '' were found all over europe , but only britain resolved it like this . 
  subsequently it 's one of the most unequal countries in europe . 
  privatising natural monopolies such as water , electricity and rails were ideological moves that could be characterised as insane . 
   today it is an economic power . 
  it 's not a question if there 's money in the country , but who has the money . 
  a rich country like uk should n't have beggars or food lines . 
   what does he have to do with britain ? 
  as i recall , he 's an english country lord who sees the ghost of merlin who makes him pick between magical sword and an talisman . 
  he picks the talisman and becomes a superhero : captain britain . 
  he has the standard superhero package of powers : superstrength , thick skin , flight . 
  it was later retconned that the talisman ( and later , his somewhat better known [ costume ] ( http://ifanboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/captainbritain.jpg ) ) were actually technology from another dimension . 
  without the talisman/suit his powers faded from `` awesome '' to `` pretty neat '' . 
  in some of the later comics i 've seen references that his powers are now tied to confidence , which i feel is a pretty neat kryptonite , as it means he can be beaten with good debate skills . 
  after the awkward first adventures the character ( and/or his team , the excalibur ) usually fought interdimensional threats , magical foes and some government afflicted secret organisations , and they were generally really creepy or played for laughs . 
  the quality was rather high ( the writers , most of whom were either british ( alan moore , alan davis , warren ellis . . ) or british-born ( chris claremont ) and usually the best of their field at the time the comics were published . 
  funfact : for most of it 's existence , captain britain ( and his team , the excalibur ) was published by marvel 's uk subsidiary . 
  the comics felt very `` british '' indeed , at least compared to stuff like 2000 ad , warrior etc. 
  ( i read these comics over decade ago , so i might remember so details wrong . 
  but i would n't say they were cashing on brand , so to say . 
  they were written by brits , for brits . ), 
  edit : the creator of the character , chris claremont , was british-born but raised in the states , which explains the `` country lord '' part . 
  most of his british characters went into the upper - to upper-middle-class stereotype . 
  you may be interested that he also created ( or recreated , in some cases ) the x-men . 
  the x-men films are based on his stories . 
  ideally we could have both . 
  nobody demands you to use those boring tricoulours with horisontal or vertical lines . 
  at least with france , one can understand the significance , but everybody else : why ? 
   also , if you 're not joking and would really take thatcher over putin any day , then i genuinely doubt you have any understanding of either thatcher 's policies or putinist russia . 
  i said `` some days '' . 
  thatcher privatised state companies ( under market price ) , removed welfare programs and plunged large areas of north england into chronic high unemployment from which they have yet to recover . 
  she gentrified london , begged gorbatshov to send tanks to east germany , promoted apartheid and called mandela a terrorist . 
  and probably a lot of other shit i ca n't remember after midnight . 
  sure , putin invaded crimea and is highly corrupt , but at least his nation is currently better off than when he started . 
  you ca n't really say the same for thatcher . 
   eurovision should drop having a jury . 
  eurovision is not a serious contest , it 's not palme d'or of musical industry , it 's practically a multi-million euro silly game . 
  the use of jury has changed . 
  for many years finland ( and many other countries ) did n't have one at all , then it was reinstalled because esc wanted everybody to run with the same rules . 
  is she a neolib like her namesake ? 
  because imho , on some days i 'd take putin over thatcher . 
  in the finnish broadcaster 's finnish ( there 's a swedish one as well ) broadcast was a bit strange as they send the program over radio as well , so the commentors narrate the whole thing as you would n't see the screen . 
  because the finnish commentors were n't really doing translation at this point , going instead through some esc-trivia ( i really dislike them , but they were the only stream that was of good quality - on telly you can turn them off but i have n't bothered to get the correct digibox for my current apartment after moving ) . 
  so what turned out was that one of the narrators mentioned `` oh , btw , they 're talking about us narrators !, 
  yeah , there 's a lot of us here . . 
  remember to twitter . . softengine follows twitter ... so many great songs . . twitter is important !!, 
  what 's this : graham norton !, 
  our booth is right next . . graham is a nice guy . . [ confetti ] . . graham represents all of us narrators '' . 
  all in all , it was rather inane . 
  i 'd really hope that they would do more wogan-style presentation or alternatively translate as they do the films in east europe ( short explanations on what was said ) . 
  instead they are always speaking if somebody is n't singing and they are n't really doing anything for the spirits . 
  tell you the truth , i though the norton-episode was really dull gimmick , but now that i see it again without the narrators it 's actually rather neat . 
   why is it just english and french and not more of the 230 languages ? 
  i do n't think there are that many national languages in europe , even if we are linguistically diverse !, 
  also , many of the 23 founding countries used french as a national or secondary language : france , belgium , switzerland , tunisia , luxembourg , monaco ( and probably germany , but i 'm not sure ) . 
  on top of that , many of the remaining countries spoke latin languages . 
  english was national language only in uk and ireland and still was n't a common secondary language in the rest of the europe . 
  i really love this song . 
  had forgotten the performance , though . 
  as ramblinrambo said . . 
  the voter turnout and the results are both somewhat suspect . 
  you 're wishing harm for people who are largely innocent of the political circus on which centre they have found themselves . 
  contact the greek embassy in the states . 
  they would be the ones arranging a voting station if any . 
  finland has one of the smallest in the whole europe . 
  i 'd say it has to do with the public trust to the police . 
  i 'd guess what they have in common that the public is more likely to report physical/sexual violence to police . 
  if people do n't trust the police ( or if the police does n't mark the report ) then it does n't show up in these statistics . 
   it is not necessarily a country 's own business what goes on inside it . 
  sure , i agree that holocaust etc. 
  is something that demands intervention . 
  but i 'm writing to an user who apparently thinks that interventions should happen when american interests are in danger ( as in when persia/iran decided to nationalise the oil fields back in the day , or when chile nationalised copper mines ) . 
  or stuff like when usa threatened war if oil crisis was n't resolved in the 70s . 
  or stuff like the selling of state companies in mexico in the 80s/90s etc. 
  ( i do n't have the books next to me so forgive if i do n't go into particulars . 
  generally stuff that harvey wrote in the * short history of neoliberalism * . ), 
  it 's not the question of just liking the countries . 
  even if people are just voting objectively for the music / stage presentation , there are certain cultural values at play . 
  because you share similar preferences in music and culture ( as you would , due to common history ) you would vote for each other . 
  ( but of course there 's also less objective reasons for voting as we do , but the objective ones exist too ! ), 
  turkey has n't been taking part since the big five-rules came to effect . 
  and that was years ago . 
   we could fucking save the world from aliens or some shit and ten years later they would go back to hating us . 
  what you do during times of war only gives you so much slack for what you do during times of peace . 
  i downvoted you because : 1 . 
  no matter what any country does , it 's their own business . 
  the us/western europe foreign policy has during the past 40-60 years ( arguably longer , but let 's concentrate on this ) been very much `` open your borders for our companies to fuck the local environment and turn you into banana republics '' . 
  i ca n't really endorse that , as i ca n't endorse what 's happening in ukraine . 
  when you say `` liberal '' it reads very much like `` neoliberal '' , particularly due to the context .
