  if signed , the fire brigade did their thing . 
  it was suggested that sometimes the fire brigade was somewhat more . . proactive . . with their duties . 
  ( the owner , crassius , became the richest man in the state and financed julius ceasar 's politics . 
  his death pushed rome from republic to a dictatorship . ), 
  to quote :   i simply meant to observe that racial prejudice , where it exists , transcends gender , class , sexuality and age . 
  hence my statement that `` white middle class , white working class , white men , white women , white gays , white children '' are racist , while rhetorically hyperbolic , was a clear reference to the fact that racism is not an exclusive characteristic of any one demographic . 
  earlier it was said that racism is a characteristic of certain social class or educational stratos . 
  mr. okundaye pointed out that this was not the case . 
  obviously , not everybody is racist ( nor are all europeans white ) , but all whites can be racist . 
  and this was the point . 
  tweets are really hard medium for complex topics and lend themselves easily for misunderstandings : this is why i do n't tweet expect to complain publicly about paid services . 
  it 's against the press ' professionality not to fall onto such bear traps . 
    you 've been accused of saying that , because you said it . 
  the context was pretty much :  troll : are italians white ? 
  or only north europeans ? 
   our hero on twitter : all europeans are white . 
   press : the guy said there are no black europeans . 
  context is important . 
  but from the `` fire the cunt '' reference i see you did n't even read the text but were happy that there is drama going on . 
  really , hear actions which start from spine without never being processed at the brain are much more harmful than any blm-campaign ever . 
  tom of finland did n't paint . 
  he penciled . 
  i bought a lifelong-supply of these back in the day . 
  good thing too , because these must have been the most popular stamps in at least twenty years . . 
  located in the geographical south europe . 
   it rains all the time here though  the air must be so fresh !, 
  they 're two different audiences . 
  r/finland is frequented by tourists and immigrants ; r/suomi is for locals . 
  r/finland gets a lot of `` how can we get free healthcare/university/tourism service '' posts that most people at r/suomi would not like ; r/suomi gets a lot of local interest stories that the immigrants/tourists ca n't understand or are n't interested in . 
  not to mention that finns tend to default to english if there 's one person in the group who refuse ( or ca n't ) speak finnish . 
  so merging them both essentially means smothering most of the finnish conversation . 
  this might not be a problem in other countries , but it is a problem for us . 
  regards , -- a guy who 's mod at both . 
  yeah , this suggests strongly that it 's better to use less oil . 
  on the other hand , it 's harder to spread a centimetre thick layer of olive oil . 
  i remember that shelf too ( finland , lidl ) !, 
  my point was that the writer of that blog post interpreted those pictures as hiding deep fear and depression even though they were just normal pics of people going through their lives . 
   should n't that be obvious ? 
  i mean but whatever . 
   it should , but i still had to write about ten posts about the subject . 
   does n't make a tyranny any better just because people can still have jobs , friends and parties . 
  it does n't . 
  but the point was that those pictures above do n't have to be staged -- people can actually be happy while they 're living under the boot of dictatorship . 
   because i feel like you want to say that life is now barely any different or better than it was back then for people in these countries , because it is . 
  by a lot . 
  oh , quality of life has gotten a lot better since late 19th century -- and even during 20th century . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  but has happiness increased at the same pace ? 
  i would argue not . 
  happiness is dependant on surroundings , not absolutes . 
  tough the nk stuff was actually photographed by nk . 
  this was by an american who at least thought he got to pick his own subjects . 
  these photos are from 1964 . 
  so , only hungary on background . 
  and how much information about that would have gotten to romania , how much of the hungarian situation was applicable to romania ? 
  yes , thank you . 
  that was pretty much my point . 
   indeed , people were `` less than perfectly happy '' . 
  i love how you sugar coated a despicable , sad and criminal period in a country 's history under a dictatorial regime , who did this for example :   a plan to increase romania 's population from 23 million to 30 million by the year 2000 . 
  before the club of rome in 1968 most european countries had something similar . 
   `` celibacy tax '' : a woman did n't have to be pregnant to come under scrutiny . 
  many countries had these , including finland . 
  also abortions were hard to get , as were condoms and epills . 
  so the problem is n't the policies ( which were common for the time period ) , but that they were implemented badly . 
  this is hardly a surprise for a today 's person who knows anything about the soviet regime . 
  the question is , did the people of that time think of this policies as overly arduous or take it just as part of life which was otherwise good enough -- as we do modern unemployment , poverty and whatnot -- or were they unhappy ? 
  were there mass riots , perhaps , popular support for overthrowing the government ? 
   dude , we 're not talking about normal `` politics '' . 
  normal politics is when macron and merkel argue about vat rates . 
  that 's politics today in eu . 
  but that 's not the definition of politics . 
   there 's no way to be that blind to things around you , so ignorance is not an excuse . 
  i also understand that everyone is at least slightly selfish , but this kind of disregard ca n't be excused . 
  we 're not talking about being excused , we 're talking about what people did . 
  and it 's really hard to gain perspective in a situation where all the media was controlled by state . 
  even people who escape from north korea believe that the country was n't right for them , but that it was still the best place on earth for others . 
  romania probably fared better than modern north korea . 
   again , comparing the us or any other democratic country with a dictatorship such as communist romania or north korea is at least disingenuous . 
  which is why i 've compared to both usa and north korea and pointed out that my perspective is the reasonable one against both . 
   we 're talking about large scale abuse , torture and killing of the country 's citizens . 
  and all you see in these photos is shiny happy people parading or working . 
  no , what i see is people going through their daily routine ( again : not talking about the parades ) without their faces having the tell-tale lines of worry , hunger and anguish -- compare to official pr photos from north korea . 
  and underneath them somebody has written about stealing romanian resources and dictatorships and claiming that because the photos do n't show these , they 're staged . 
   that 's how you get old people today in our countries , thinking that the communist period was awesome . 
  the problems communist periods had compared to what the same countries have today are different . 
  it 's understandable that a farmer who is n't interested in politics would have been more happy under communist times when they had a job , no worries about future and enough food when comparing to the same guy in the 1990s hearing about how the production costs are higher than `` the market price '' and the market price continuously falling . 
  so , any photograph-report of usa that does n't show slums and the prison system is a lie ? 
  of course those pics are missing something . 
  but that 's different than being staged . 
  i 'm completely ready to accept that that fisherman was just like that and that he may even have been happy just as much as his counterpart in , say , italy . 
  nobody looks at pics of italians being happy and starts linking to pages about mafia . 
   those people were forced to join those parades . 
  i did say * apart of the parades * . 
  there 's a reason why those complicated and humongous parades are n't held in western countries . 
   you were saying ? 
  i said , and i do repeat , how should that dairy lady or computer guy look if they were n't under fear of deportation ? 
  how should the fisherman or the farmers look , if the taken pictures were staged ? 
  apart of those pictures that are taken from a parade , how are these pictures staged ? 
  for example , that fisherman looks just like all the fishermen i 've seen from here to africa , the farmers looked like all the other pictures of farmers i 've seen , those car builders , milk stockagers and computer users look severe etc. 
  the article talks about exploitation of resources , but that happens in capitalist countries today and we 're happy ; about political prisoners , but those are by default minority etc.
