  call your embassy . 
  the rules depend on nationality . 
  when i lived abroad , we had a regular voting station at a hotel 's conference room ( which was about 300 km 's away from where i lived , but still thousands of kilometres closer than helsinki ) . 
  the link is to pirate party uk . 
  of course they 're concentrating on what 's important to them . 
  and in matters which ppuk finds important , ttip and acta look pretty much the same . 
  the problem with the free trade agreement is that it 's an excellent way to bring about changes in the laws that would never be accepted by us congress or ( more probably ) eu parliament if they were voting on these things one item at a time . 
  but because they are bundled together , we concentrate on the `` free trade is good '' part and forget that some trade barriers were intentionally created to protect citizens , nature or our political system ( for example , in finland the part of the agreement where a company could sue a nation if laws changed business environment to the worse , effectively stopping states from protecting nature or citizens against companies with overlapping interests ) . 
  usa in particular has been promoting the past few decades neoliberalism , and trade agreements are an excellent way to bring about changes . 
  if you 're interested in more , i 'd suggest reading david harvey 's short history of neoliberalism . 
  it 's about 200 pages , published by oxford university press and reads like a conspiracy theory , only written by a distinguished scholar of social economics with all the facts being doublechecked and sourced . 
  it 's a sketch : http://youtu.be/s-moy8vuebk, 
  not having the currency marked in the last one seems counterproductive . 
  i 'm sure that you say something similar to wheelchair bound people who complain about unnecessary stairs . 
  yes . 
  but it 's a bit like trying to see the difference between a genuine rolex-watch with a `` genuine '' rolez-watch . 
  the differences are there , but they are n't exactly prominent . 
  me and many others . 
   even if you are colour blind , that tone makes you ( sound like ) an asshole . 
  fair critique . 
  in my defence , after ( it seems ) like every coloured map on this sub is one which i have trouble processing , it does n't really make one patient . 
  what a horribly chosen colours . 
  i ca n't easily separate 24th and 25th . 
  would it have killed to use red , yellow , black , gray or anything instead of purple ? 
  true , but i wanted to offer an outlier example . 
  should have also mentioned mopeds , scooters , moped-cars , tractors , boats , small planes etc. 
  i suppose the number includes all registered vehicles . 
  in finland that would count electric bicycles that give assistance after 20 km/h . 
  i 'm not going to weight on the federal eu , but to keep the conversation even somewhat sane : usa is an extremely bad example of a federation as the federal government has hijacked a lot of power there since their civil war . 
  what eu would be heading toward is a federation as it was there before 1860s ( and the main reason why their country is named plural and not a singular -- united states and not united nation or some such ) . 
  any federal eu would be very different beast than what we have today in the usa . 
  and as to if federal eu of any sort is a real thing under debate ; yes it is . 
  eu as it stands has most of the hallmarks of a federation save the ability to print money -- that is , the ability to shift money from one part of the union to another without the nations having any input ( which is the reason why the euro-crisis is old enough for school ) . 
   . . spain the entire time was spent complaining about how they use our money to build their infrastructure and do n't put anything back in . . 
  i thought everybody in britain dreams of their own cottage in spain ? 
  so that infrastructure-spending might be seen as preparing for their pension days in the sun ? 
   it 's already open source , open specs , free as in no price too , and you can install any software you want on top of it regardless of google 's approval or not . 
  big part of android 's charm is how well it works with google 's other products . 
  and google does n't led just anybody put market on their android-phones , you have to sign to rules of conduct . 
  if you want to make an android-phone that does something revolutionary with gmail , google maps or drive , you pretty much have to work for google . 
  otherwise you can only copy what google has already put into android and their own apps . 
  and by the time you figure how to do that , android has already pushed forward . 
  and that 's pretty much what makes google a monopoly : they can leverage their position with email , maps , drive and whatnot to create more advantageous position to other services , such as android . 
  it 's not the android itself that 's the problem , it 's that it 's just an one arm of a bigger company that administers services that many see as essential for modern internet . 
   the smartphone was invented first by apple/nokia/microsoft / htc , who sat on their arses for 20y i ca n't even begin to wonder what you mean by this line . 
  how is android different from ios or symbian ? 
  sure , you can do some stuff with it that you could n't with the other two , but the same goes to other direction as well . 
   would you ban it ( iphone ) for monopoly ? 
  monopoly does n't lead into a `` ban '' . 
  what you get is that as `` monopoly '' mostly means that the product is no longer on the whims of the market ( because there is no alternative to which customers might jump to ) the state strives to provide similar level of control . 
   then google passed by , did better , opened , independant from an us apple web serveur controling everything and opensource symbian was first developed in tandem by several companies and later open sourced with some closed packages . 
  this is n't much different what google does with android ( with-holding certain programs and services from user-installed distros ) . 
  sure , android surpassed symbian which was really old software ( dating back to mid-90s ) and did n't really suit modern mobiles . 
  but as said , symbian was owned by several companies and later open-sourced : android on the other hand is very much in the control of one company . 
   and you wonder how google ended up in monopoly . . nobody is wondering that . 
   but of coursee let 's break the company and destroy it 's project . 
  google could well spin-off android into it 's own company and then sell half the stock . 
  or they could accept state oversight that they are n't using the monopoly to take inroads that are n't possible for smaller companies . 
  or they could be forced to open up some of their systems to make it easier to competitors to make better products , thus making the competition harder . 
  none of these would lead into `` destroying the project '' . 
   how dare you did give access to everyone to smartphone . 
  you are confusing something that would have happened anyway ( the ever-lowering cost of building mobile phones ) with the company that best succeeded in taking advantage of it . 
  if it had n't been android , it would have been symbian , windows phone or some young upstart . 
  the higher the speed , the closer the connector box ( i dunno the name ) has to be to your house . 
  if you live at the edge of the town , you probably do n't have that many neighbours and thus the box is farther away . 
  living at the edge of town has it 's own pros and cons . 
  your rent is probably cheaper , you have perhaps a bit more space and you probably have more green between the houses . 
  the trade-off is that you get worse internet , longer distances to everywhere and probably bad public transportation as well . 
  also : you probably knew all this when you moved . 
  do n't blame the company . 
   yeah , out of how many hundreds of instantly forgettable songs ? 
  remembering that most songs in radio-play are instantly forgettable , less than average . 
  keep in mind that while some songs are not classics continent-wide , they may well be in their country of origin . 
  save your last kiss for me , waterloo , hard rock hallelujah , moskau . . 
  adding small modern touches like that when doing church restorations is pretty common occurrence . 
  apparently there are medieval churches with astronauts due to the same reason at the continent . 
   and of course , you probably did n't know that nato was actually started by the western european powers and they actually invited the us to join . 
  it was n't the other way around . 
  and then some years later france did that thing they did because they disliked how strong position usa had in the organisation . 
  as in all things , context is important . 
  i read sometime back how long it would take finland of today to build a nuclear bomb , what with us having nuclear physicists , nuclear power plants , all the other resources and super computers . 
  the guy responsible for nuclear physics at the helsinki university of technology said one to two years ( and added that they had no plans to this direction , but that this would be the time frame ) . 
  soviet union of 1945 had none of these things , not even a theory how the bomb would go together . 
  all they knew is that it was possible because hiroshima and nagasaki were gone . 
  it would take somewhat longer than two years . 
  with no context . 
  is it something that was said to the politician ? 
  something that the politician said ? 
  in what context was this said ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't speak spanish ( i assume it 's spanish ) . 
  all i see is that it 's a book cover with a picture of a woman . 
  what should this tell me ? 
   is not obvious ? 
  it is n't . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  population would have supported patton at least to polish-russian border . 
  you may be interested to find out that some of these have been translated to finnish . 
   but excessive state corporations are a burden to both people and to the state . 
  you should perhaps explain this .
