  worth noting that `` jumala '' is `` a god '' , not `` the god '' . 
  in the old finnish religion we had `` ukko ylijumala '' ( old man , the high/over god ) , who 's pantheon 's general title was then appropriated by christianity . 
  there 's no central authority . 
  just that inside every community they dothe same . 
  apparently this decision took years because they consulted experts in th middle east who did n't understand or did n't want to be the guy on who 's sayso this was done . 
  but the black flag would indicate your pov , would n't it ? 
  we were categorised as a baltic state back then and were till the late 40s . 
  it made sense : new four republics sharing the same political situation . 
  the distinction came from that at that time the rest of the baltics were back in the motherly fold of russia and we were n't , so it was n't logical to use the same title for both . 
  meanwhile we started mirroring swedish politics , so it was more logical to talk of us as one group . 
  the thing about i hate most about `` estonia can into nordic '' is that they concentrate on common history , when `` nordic '' is about common politics and policies . 
  as soon as we start talking about estonian welfare state ( or estonian politics mirroring swedish and finnish ones ) , they 're in the nordic . 
   unfortunately my grandfather was a draft-dodger who fled to canada north of the arctic circle when the war broke out , or so the story goes . 
  why is it unfortunate ? 
  why should he had gone to war ? 
  ww1 was n't fought over any ideals , it was just kings pushing their subjects to grinder to get more land and glory . 
  you realise that there are many here who would dispute that flair you use ? 
  to the point : as far as we use these flairs to indicate our pov , your 's is perhaps misleading . 
  ( or not , i do n't know you . ), 
  yeah , the finnish civil war should n't be calculated into russian numbers either , as lenin had already declared us independent and most european powers in turn had recognised lenin as the head of then-named-russian empire . 
  it 's still incorrect , as the grand duchy of finland was exempt from the draft ( and the finnish population had separate citizenship from russian subjecthood ) . 
  you always get these maps where the maker confuses empires with their constituent states . 
  i doubt the french and british numbers are calculated with their colonies included . 
  ( which was the reason why we had russian military stationed here to keep up safe from possible german invasion and why we had problems in the civil war , leading to the german invasion to `` help '' against pacts that made us a vassal state . 
   there 's just not much left where the author 's handwriting from the books could shine through . 
  the new series was more faithful than the earlier ones , which included gun fights between cars . 
  and according to wikipedia :   tove and lars jansson were also involved with the screenplay by doing certain changes in scripts . 
  ( lars wrote and drew most of the moomin comic strips - tove wanted to concentrate on doing fine art , which was her actual profession . ), 
  i was wondering how the building stayed in one piece , why it had roots and how the crane could lift what appeared to be a big block of cement . 
  of course . 
  it was russia when they ( `` we '' ) had a tsar , it was russia when they had a. . whatever the title was . . head secretary ? 
  and it 's still russia when they now have a president . 
  what if it 's an everybody-against-everybody ? 
  a localized fallout-situation ? 
  putting the refugees there makes sense . 
  brings work to the area and the government probably owns ( or can rent ) a lot of unused facilities that have to be kept warm anyway so they do n't rot . 
   well if you watch the video he is complaining about : - nearest supermarket 30 minutes walk - nearest hospital 45 minutes drive that 's life in nordic countries . 
  less people means longer distances . 
  perhaps if this is scotland , australia . 
  otherwise : the top temperature here is 310 degrees !, 
  i was after -95 and i think it was 62 . 
  was so long ago that i do n't really remember any more !, 
  had an ak-47 knock-off in the army . 
  also shot a handgun few times as part of guided event on a shooting-range . 
  my dad and my best friend hunt ( mostly moose ) . 
  they have shotguns , i 've seen and touched them . 
  generally speaking i do n't really like guns . 
  the less the smaller they are . 
  if they still want to steal the real sign . 
  dating - petting - fucking is all you need if you 're an atheist and are n't concerned with marriages . 
  that 's even shorter distance . 
  and much sweeter ride !, 
  i 'd put a gift-shop next to the sign to sell replicas ( and renting metal working tools for those who want some fucking exiting to their life ) . 
  oh yeah , did n't read closely enough !, 
  but on the other hand , they are aryan !, 
  / s should also probably mention neil hardwick . 
  it 's debatable if britain is in europe either , but at least it 's on the map . 
  born in iran . 
  studied to become a master tailor ( one of two in finland ) . 
  became a public figure by doing a fashion tv program and then switched gears for reality tv . 
  first a highly-sensationalist * kill arman * , where he toured the world to get kicked by the best martial artists in the world ( he was 35 at this point ) , and later the more documentary-type tv-series * last crusade * ( currently on third season ) , where every episode is his diary of doing different professions and lifestyles around the world ( such as : burning corpses in india , herding reindeer in siberia , running guns for a gang in brazilian slum , apprenticing to a voodoo priest in benin , collecting trash in cambodia . 
  ) , all documented by himself and his one cameraman . 
  as a result , he know has a reputation as the quintessential finn , a fact that he uses to talk about development aid etc. 
  ( an interest he understandably picked while doing his series ) . 
  you can really see how he has changed due to this profession change : semi-recent image [ here ] ( http://is11.snstatic.fi/img/1920/1288616150682.jpg ) , a bit older when he was still doing fashion tv [ here ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/arman_alizad#/media/file:sami_hedberg_arman_alizad_joona_kortesm%c3%a4ki_2011.jpg ) . 
  it 's an autonomous region . 
  a case might be that as finland became a state in 1812 ( and independent in 1917 ) , the former definition would apply to \u00c5land as well ( they have pretty much everything expect their own money , and they tried to introduce that as well at one point ) . 
  so it 's a political distinction . 
   which seems like a lot , but it comes out to just over $ 10 per eu citizen not all eu-states are members of esa ( mostly the small , `` poorish '' countries ) . 
  on the other hand , canada is an ( associate ) member and pays its bills . 
  assuming that you 're leaving home in haste ( or home got bombed ) the only bag i 'd personally have is the one i always carry . 
  which would include a tablet , rechargers and ( paper ) notebooks . 
  on top of that i 'd put whatever i could scavenge or otherwise take from my home in haste . 
  also , even if you have enough time to make an inventory , selfie stick does n't weight much and people have really strange ideas on what 's important . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the `` tarpeellisuusvaatimus '' . 
  employer may only ask things that are relevant to the job at hand , and the employee-prospect may not divulge more information even if they would so wish . 
  our current loans are still going on the rate they were taken on . 
  and the past few years have taught us that loan rating is n't the same as the rate on which loan is given . 
   gang wars by which groups ? 
  by people who are unemployed and lacking prospects . 
  some are immigrants , but some of the people shooting there are also natives . 
   i think it 's important to say whether it 's local swedes or migrants ... is it ? 
  if it 's migrants , it is n't the majority , so it would be useless ( and dangerous ! ), 
  to act on this basis . 
  and even if it were the natives , it 's still wrong and should be stopped . 
   i think the problem can definitely be blamed in immigrants . 
  this would - at worst - lead to radicalisation and losing faith in the swedish state . 
  the current situation , while unfortunate , is still only caused by a minority ( be it natives or otherwise ) . 
  you only need that many people throwing grenades . 
  tourists and ( foreign ) people who think finland is the last great hope of the white race . 
  when was this ? 
  edit : and do you remember with what words ( in finnish ) ? 
  yes , if the current course is n't reversed , we might all be in deep shit when year 2200 comes . 
  asking after military is illegal . 
  and apparently done on only very few , select professions to begin with . 
  i highly doubt that accounting is one of those . 
  edit : and why do i get downvoted for stating the law ? 
  i was wondering about military as well , but then i remembered that there 's a 50 % chance that op is female . 
   / r/finland [ 1 ] ? 
  please do n't go there .
