   does it matter ? 
  burning hydrocarbons is burning hydrocarbons . 
   you cut a tree , 30 years later there 's a new tree that 's just as big and stores just as much co ^ 2 . 
  you burn oil , the co ^ 2 will be in the atmosphere practically forever . 
  and if you do n't cut/burn trees , they 're still going to die at some point , releasing the co ^ 2 . 
  there 's a lot of problems with woods as an energy source , but burning recycled wood pellets is n't one of them . 
  where are the photos ? 
  the smallest coin in finland was 10 pennies , or about 1.7 cents . 
  the smallest eurocoin we started pressing was 5 cents . 
  have to continue working , but . .  being black or a women isnt an experience it 's opinions like this why feminists talk about white male hegemony . 
  it 's rather clear with any observation that blacks or women are treated differently from whites or males . 
   i did n't downvote you , princess . 
  i tend to write to groups , not to people . 
  and as we 're on a topic of feminism : princes can be picky , too . 
   and how can he explain it to me if he is banned from explaining it to me ? 
  he 's not `` banned '' from explaining it to you . 
  you can always ask your black acquaintance what it feels to be black . 
  but you get better and more scientific information by reading a paper on the subject . 
   again , because who invented this thing on mass scale in europe were the white people . 
  and not for benefit of minorities . 
  generally speaking , they were n't invented `` for '' white people , but for habitats of the area . 
  the designer of notre dame did n't think that only white people would walk through it gates ( for example ) , it was for everyone who wanted to experience the building and it 's atmosphere . 
   if police / mayor would decide one day that have one-race exclusive public event is ok , guess what shitheads what came nanoseconds later ? 
  which is why the event should have more content than just `` everybody is [ insert colour ] '' . 
  if you read the article , the organisers deny that this event would have been only about skin . 
   we 're all human beings , why should we avoid each other because of an arbitrary physical trait on which we have no control over ? 
  why should we let the amount of melanin in our skin decide who we befriend ? 
  i agree with all my heart . 
   if someone ca n't enter a place because of their skin color , then that 's unequal . 
  the conference ( or at least : many such conferences -- i do n't know much of this particular one ) is not actually because of the skin colour , but because of the experiences that are related to that skin colour . 
  i doubt that african tourists would be much welcomed there , either . 
  of course , the situation could be framed as `` conference for french people who believe they have experienced racism concerning their descendance from sub-saharan africans '' , but that 's a lot of words , is n't it ? 
   being in your own bubble with only simular peopkle also isnt a solution . 
  `` bubble '' means that there 's no new information coming from outside the bubble . 
  it refers to semi-permanent state of events : people only learn news from fox while avoiding other sources , for example . 
  a conference of a day or two is n't a bubble , because they will be exposed to other opinions before and after the conference . 
   there is no need to ban people to have a discussion . 
  perhaps to a discussion , but we 're talking of a brainstorm here . 
  brainstorm necessities that everyone has the same level of understanding of the problem -- not the * same * understanding , but similar . 
  if part of the brainstormers do n't have that level of understanding , then the situation turns from brainstorming to teaching . 
  both are important , but it should generally be possible to plan for one or another and then execute what was planned . 
   i doubt that at one point i got my bread and butter for organising such conferences . 
  companies paid 2000 euros per employee to attend . 
  most companies sent several and returned for each year for decades . 
   you then set this notion that people sharing certain traits all have the same issues because of that trait . 
  no , i said that they have * some common experiences * . 
   a discussion between groups for that , first you need a consensus within the groups . 
  such as conferences and their papers . 
  we should question fundamentalism in all its forms , which is separate from opposing segregation . 
  if we start taking issue solely on effects and not on their root causes , we will easily become blind when the effects change . 
  for example , in usa jim crow-laws were backed for `` protecting '' blacks from whites -- in this case , at least on paper , the segregation was for blacks benefit , not whites . 
  the problems started when the `` black '' designated services were underfunded and sometimes made intentionally bad . 
  that 's why segregation was bad , not because of segregation itself . 
  after all , we segregate sexes in many contexts , but this is considered to be ok , because both sexes get the same quality of service and the division gives us something we would n't have if the sexes were mixed ( more relaxed environment ^ 1 ) . 
  -- ^ 1 at least this is the theory -- i may not buy it . 
  btw , thank you for downvoting . 
  while i 'm not about karma , it 's not generally nice to start to find out that people you talk/write to do n't feel you 're `` contributing to the discussion '' . 
   the black people in paris know how black people in paris feel like , its the rest who does n't . 
  no , they know what they experience , but they do n't know if it 's because it 's black , because of their gender , habitus or because they 're just idiots and annoy the heck out of others . 
  we need conferences like this so people can separate personal experiences from categorical experiences . 
  no person can do that alone . 
  if you 're in working life , you probably know what i 'm talking about -- most industries have associations for comparing individual experiences to generate understanding of the social landscape . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  of course , we can discuss if this is the best way to organise such conference , but in general : these conferences are extremely important . 
   its the rest who does n't . 
  sure , but would n't you rather read a paper on the subject based on several informants or listen to your black acquaintance ( with well known authority issues ) explaining them to you ? 
   and this `` festival '' does n't just bad whites . 
  it bans asians too . 
  arabs too . 
  indians too etc. 
  i would assume they would have different sort of experience of life in france , would you not ? 
  you list several minorities with very different backgrounds of introduction to french society , with different assimilation rates . 
  i imagine it would be very difficult to generalise from such groups . 
  you either need to include everyone ( inc. whites ) or exclude everyone save one category . 
  i do n't feel that `` not white '' is a valid category . 
  we usually tend to think segregation is good in situations where there 's a point beyond `` i do n't like them '' . 
  for example : toilets , dressing rooms , academic requirements etc. 
  if they can justify that white people would disturb the conversation happening , then i can understand -- after all , `` what does it feel like to be black in paris '' workshop where people try to generalise their experiences would n't be very efficient if most people participating are white gawkers . 
  in this case it 's justified , though , as the cut off area is terra incognita . 
  back in the early 2000s when finland 's president was a female conan o'brien look-a-like , the spouse commented that the events were usually something stereotypically femine and the people arranging the events seemed sometimes uncomfortable when they saw him - a grumpy man in his 60s . 
  apparently these `` proper '' ways to handle spouses were designed sometime after ww1 and nobody had bothered to revamp them . 
  he went through it like a champ , though . 
  unlike merkel 's hubby . 
  guardian does n't have an owner , though . 
  he had alzheimer 's , so i do n't really think that his passing was much of a tragedy . 
  also , he kept his wits , health and mobility until he was 90 years old ( he only got diagnosed well after ) , which is more than you can say for many people who are 45 . 
  he had a great life and it should be celebrated . 
  concerning president 's powers : koivisto was the one who downscaled them because he did n't want to take the risk that the next president would start to abuse them like kekkonen had . 
  ahtisaari and halonen continued this trend and the power moved to the prime ministers . 
  everybody can themselves consider was this a good move or not . 
  at least it helps removing incompetent people from the top , as happened with stubb . 
  that 's a great video , but it looks more like an ad for whatsapp/facebook than for cmi . . :p, 
   2 : 20 year old are not the victims of 40 years of propaganda sure they can be . 
  for example , if the propaganda campaign is twice the length of the person 's age , then it 's possible that their teachers have bought it as well , so `` voices of sanity '' are even more rare . 
  compare : `` the tobacco industry 's decades old marketing campaign that cigarettes are cool make teens likely to succumb to the message that they ca n't escape '' . 
  this is cropped so that it looks like he 's holding a mobile phone and filming himself . 
  even his shoulder aligns right . 
  may gave statements and interviews and the press published them . 
  do you read papers ? 
  there has n't been goodwill for months .
