  and of course the most quoted reason when it comes to germany and austria : people can go and look where ( and how ! ), 
  you live even if they would never bother to do the trip themselves . 
  i remember when google streetview launched . 
  me and my then-girlfriend spent a day sitting on the computer and going through the places that we would never go visit again , but which were historically important to us and which we wanted to share with the other . 
  also ; to keep `` east '' europe away from russia . 
  it 's worth throwing the money to the former eastern block countries on short term to make them your allies instead of russia 's on long term . 
  either way , the post is pretty damn ambiguous and thus bad . 
  well , the biggest party in european parliament is the epp , which is pretty damn liberal . 
  and europe is suffering from neoliberal economic policy , so common sense must mean abandoning these . 
  and the common alternative for liberal is usually socialist , so that must be what they meant . . right ? 
  i 'd die for strong bones and calcium , too . 
  by common sense you mean social democratic policies ? 
  it seems like it 's withering on the ground , expecting somebody to let it out of its misery . 
  is this what they call netflix and chill ? 
  there are such thing as de-facto standards . 
  after all , nobody forced anybody to use ie6 either , but if you did n't use it , half the webpages looked pretty damn weird . 
   it 's facebook , not a car . 
  facebook is very important if you want to know what 's happening at university towns , want to stay connected to far-off friends , do group exercises at school etc. 
  many companies do their customer service through facebook and did i read the other day something about voluntary glance at your profile for the visa applications to usa ? 
  these just from the top of my mind . 
   define `` support the whole '' because i 'd wager more people in the world would want a nipple censored than not . 
  well , this statue got censored as was the feed that published it . 
  i guess bolognese people think this was unjust . 
  my local news service got censored for publishing a story about naked woman performing at the central railway station . 
  this is a real problem if you want to know or talk about stuff happening in your home town . 
  my friend got kicked out because he published on his feed some late 19th century photos about a woman stepping on stairs ( important experiment in developing camera and animation techniques ) . 
  he had studied graphical design and the people he was posting it were interested to hear his views on that . 
  now , he got his profile back but does n't care to post anything because he needs the profile for many other things , too , and does n't want to be seeing making a fuss . 
  all these events make us poorer . 
  it 's voluntary in the same sense that getting a driver 's licence is voluntary . 
  sure , you can do without but many paths of life are that much harder . 
  anyway , the problem is n't the service , but the administration . 
  we have several examples from history what happens to new innovations , tools or practices that do n't support the whole . 
  it 's incorporated on ireland , not in china or india . 
  also nothing stops facebook administering separate standards based on the location of the profile and the viewer . 
   it 's kind of ironic that we 're in a thread complaining about censorship . . 
  i 'm complaining about cultural imperialism . 
  copying this from another conversation : another article on the same topic mentioned that facebook finally approved the statue due to historical significance . 
  which is a horrible explanation , as it means that the statue is n't allowed because it 's art , but be cause it 's old . 
  if the statue was made today and revealed , it would not be approved by the censors . 
  in fact , the finnish broadcasting company ( which publishes articles at facebook ) has had to censor their news because facebook has threatened to ban the whole account if they do n't follow facebook 's modesty standards . 
  it 's also really edgy to say that `` do n't use fb '' but there are many institutions that have to be where the people are , no matter the place . 
  the solution is n't to stop using facebook ( any more than stopping using google products is possible ) but to take care of legislation so that it 's in the interest of the ( european ) public . 
  facebook int . 
  is an european company and this should mean something else than just an easy way to dodge taxes . 
  another article on the same topic mentioned that facebook finally approved the statue due to historical significance . 
  which is a horrible explanation , as it means that the statue is n't allowed because it 's art , but be cause it 's * old * . 
  if the statue was made today and revealed , it would not be approved by the censors . 
  in fact , the finnish broadcasting company ( which publishes articles at facebook ) has had to censor their news because facebook has threatened to ban the whole account if they do n't follow facebook 's modesty standards . 
  it 's also really edgy to say that `` do n't use fb '' but there are many institutions that have to be where the people are , no matter the place . 
  the solution is n't to stop using facebook ( any more than stopping using google products is possible ) but to take care of legislation so that it 's in the interest of the ( european ) public . 
  facebook int . 
  is an european company and this should mean something else than just an easy way to dodge taxes . 
  well , there 's lapland war , but i suppose that was n't what the above post meant . 
  people trust the police ( 94 % ) and this reflects in the lack of good oversight . 
  and lenin was sent to russia explicitly because they were still fighting after the first revolution . 
   lynn and vanhanen please no . 
  sometimes it is . 
  rightful finno-ugric clay . 
   shopping there is dedicated to making you feel poor . 
  this is a very interesting observation . 
  i noted that in finland lidl has redone their stores and employee uniforms and now the ( new or renovated ) stores look like the most expensive shops in the whole country . 
  that looks like one of those war/allegiance maps . 
  very neat . 
  that is what i was talking about , too . 
  yeah , sorry for triggering you . 
  it 's pretty understandable that you want to protect your country 's honour etc. 
  have an upvote as a thankyou for actually bothering to talk with me instead of just downvoting !, 
  neither of those exist on the area that 's marked in the map as `` barren land '' . 
  i 'd say that as far as you can expect to find it in nature , that would be there . 
  keep in mind that : 1 . 
  we 're talking about the part of greece that does n't have pine forests . 
  ( how big percentage are those pine forests of greece 's total ) ? 
  edit : on the map marked as `` barren land '' . 
  the people doing the talking are two finns . 
  little under 72 % of our country is forest , so to us `` no forests '' might mean a bit different than perhaps to you . 
  ( i remember visiting denmark : a forest was any area which would make a good parking lot and had over ten trees ) . 
   no , it 's berlin yes , that was the joke . 
  the town was built around the first seminary ( now university ) that produced finnish-using teachers ( as opposed to swedish-using ) and as such there was a lot of pressure to `` speak well '' both inside and outside classroom . 
  even though there are n't any `` language authorities '' anymore ( and people do n't get kicked out of the town for speaking badly as in the good old days ) , people still speak like you might expect people to speak in a novel . 
  germany after few earlier divisions ? 
  as a hunch , i 'd say that the concept of what is `` north '' got developed before sweden-finland , denmark-norway and russia divided the ultima thule between themselves . 
  [ consult this map . 
  need of firewood ) there are no longer forests . 
  of course , i 'm no expert in greek forestry , so what do i know ? 
  temperature zones change both as you go toward equator and as you go away from the sea-level . 
  that 's why high mountains have snow on them , even in summer . 
  the pine forests are probably there due to last ice age . 
  as the ice receded , pines moved higher to the mountains and got `` trapped '' there when the lowlands warmed . 
   50 ft that 's a little over 15 metres in real units . 
  well , she 's still [ more light-skinned than the original lucia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_lucy#/media/file:niccol%c3%b2_di_segna_-_saint_lucy_-_walters_37756.jpg ) . 
  comic sans is also in public domain !, 
  more like `` peeks behinds the hills around 12 just enough to tint the sky blue for fifteen minutes , such is life '' . 
   sun did n't rise until 0900 `` my sport cars do n't fit the garage anymore . '', 
  if i saw that i 'd be calling the police . 
  fun fact : the guy who invented the `` coca cola santa '' was the child of a finn and a swede . 
  so the chances are that he channeled into the character some of his own background . 
  so the modern santa is n't as much an abomination as he 's an american cousin come home . 
  that 's promomaterial for rare exports , not actually based on folklore . 
  the left side is pretty true-to-life , the right side ... not so much .
