  remember me enaisiaion ? 
  when i killed your brother i talked [ just like this ] ( https://youtu.be/adrojcw6amm ) . 
  i have mine and it 's not like there 's new material coming !, 
  from where are you from ? 
  i mean , just 20 hours ago wall street journal published article titled '' [ rural america is stranded in the dial-up age ] ( https://www.wsj.com/articles/rural-america-is-stranded-in-the-dial-up-age-1497535841 ) '' . 
  as i understand it , broadband is easy enough to get in cities , but the possibilities vane quickly when going outside cities . 
  meanwhile , you can get dsl even in nuorgam , a small village with 130 inhabitants , 30 kilometres from ice sea with the biggest local attraction being a working gas station and two food stores ( thanks to visiting norwegians ) . 
  nobody uses dial-up in finland anymore -- heck , in many places you ca n't even get a landline . 
  council of europe promotes 5.5 . and european union 9.5 . , mandating that countries that try to honour both have to choose sides . 
  there 's tornio-haaparanda where the border goes through a roundabout . 
  supposedly they have suburbs on both sides of the border . 
  unlike smallish states in usa , we actually have a working internet-connections . 
  i do n't know about others , but i like browsing reddit when on public transport or idle at work . 
  i think it looks pretty damn great !, 
  looks about right to me . 
  well , usa was united by `` no taxes without representation '' without common idea of nationality . 
  remember that they formed a country only twenty + years after declaring independence . 
  god , i ca n't understand why somebody would watch maher not to mention liking it . 
  note how that chart does n't have the word `` liberal '' on it . 
  how much of the `` anti-eu '' is actually against the policies of eu during the past 10 + years when most states have been right wing-led ? 
  flair up . 
  you look like an american coming slumming for real discussion . 
  spreading ddt around might do the trick . 
  siberia is worse . 
  the classic european threesome . 
  did you notice he 's the main contributor to r/shiteuropeanssay ? 
  also pretty much the only commentor . 
  psychologically or or socially they do n't . 
  for example , a 22-year old would have difficulty in renting a car in most european countries . 
  banks start charging adult fees for people around 25-year mark , the european railway companies define adult as someone who 's over 28 , just to give few examples from top of my head . 
  psychology text-books speak of `` youth '' between childhood and adulthood , which extends from 16 to 25-30 + depending how the person starts to take more responsible for themselves . 
  personally ( and i realise this is a cultural norm ) , i define adult as somebody who lives alone , does n't get financial support from their parents ( or other older people ) , has a good understanding on their core personality , has independently taken on responsibilities for/over other people and has faced dissapointments . 
  depends how you define adulthood . 
  people do n't just become adults when they get the right to vote . 
  there are several reasons why one might go to university as an adult . 
  ( i did . ), 
  what 's a handspinner ? 
   i 'd note that supaidaman was n't exactly what you 'd recognise as spiderman , what with the giant mech , the flying car with missiles and machinegun , the alien spacecraft and so on . 
   they did run the raimi-films in japan as well . 
  not to mention how they selected the people to be killed . 
  not probably relevant in this case , but in general during the past 20 years more and more names have been left untranslated ( or only tagged with description ) instead of giving it a fitting translated name . 
  thus spider-man , fast and the furious , king arthur : legend of the sword etc. 
  are left as they are . 
  with superhero-names it 's extremely jarring , as they 're not even translated in the film itself . 
  i used to laugh at the japanese practice of just mispronouncing english words in middle of the sentences : * sore wa supaid\u0101mandesu !, 
  * but now we have it ourselves : * se on spider-man ! * . 
  ( another reason is probably the rising general understanding of english : people can understand the english words , so you can only administer one trademark for the whole continent instead of 30 or so . 
  for added bonus , people with lower language skills tend to think foreign phrases are cooler than their own ^ 1 . 
  after all , familiarity breeds contempt . 
  very few have language skills high enough to understand how banal phrases and titles tend to actually be . ), 
  ----- ^ 1 my french is on the b1-level and i admit to falling on this myself . 
  i hear it 's because two times four is more than half . 
  thank you for saying this . 
  at least we only see dead people in gifs and photos . 
  in some parts of the world they have open burials or even dead people lying on streets ( war time ) . 
  sure , but madagascar-plan was much closer to american death marches . 
  in this way , we see the common ancestors . 
  just to be clear : i 'm not saying that `` everybody else did it too !, 
  '' , but `` everybody was shitty , hitler to larger extend '' . 
  we can clearly see how we got from `` deporting native americans to wasteland '' -  `` deporting jews to madagascar '' -  `` killing jews at death camps '' and i find this fascinating . 
  sure thing . 
  hitler was n't about killing jews either , he wanted to get rid of them but could n't get anybody to accept ( madagascar was floated about , as i recall ) so eventually he just started killing them . 
  by the time he started the war he was so ok with the killings that he did n't ( i think ) try to push the slavs away . 
  yes . 
  but my point was that hitler just took to logical conclusion what europeans were doing anyway . 
  hitler himself said ( iirc ) that the lebensraum-thingy was just reheated manifested destiny with more tabasco . 
  because population in europe was higher and jews and slavs were n't as easily demarcated as americans with diseases . 
  and we ( meaning european culture ) could n't just push the remnants to west like we did to americans . 
  congo was n't much of a high mark either . 
  well , not directly . 
  remember that we practiced eugenics until 1970s , jim crow was rebelled slowly during 1970s etc. 
  it 's more like the generation born after ww2 applied the teachings of `` this was what nazis were about '' to the non-war related topics . 
  it was less about the war and more about not fitting certain archetype that was popular before the war . 
  after all , what hitler did was monstrous because he did in europe what other countries were doing on other continents . 
  so it was a mirror of sort , what it felt like to be on the receiving end . 
   political correctness is one of those . 
  i 'd argue that political correctness is mostly an opposite reaction for the imperial `` we 're on top so we decide what goes '' . 
  this goes all the way from how working class are seen in the 19th century writings as little better than cattle ( as marx points in the capital , referring to british government 's memos ) , how non-white races were thought to be less capable of independent action ( with `` non-white '' defined so as to justify empires ) , how women could n't vote ( because they 're too emotional ) , dress and fashion ( short hair for men , skirts for women ) etc. 
  sure , perhaps it has gone overboard at times , but i find it much better that people have to explain why at some particular section some subgroup is better/worse than other and how this applies to the individual instead of `` everybody knows '' that an individuals of certain groups are universally worse than members of other groups . 
  we 're all members of one minority or another . 
  i , for one , am extremely happy that me and and my friends do n't have to listen to remarks about ponytails , skin colour , gender , fashion sense etc -- all of which is due to political correctness . 
  as a finn , would think you 're happy that , for example , you do n't have to encounter the swedes ' conception about stabby happy drunks and thieves outside * scandinavia and the world * - comics ... unlike my father , who had to read about them in the yellow press when he was a youth working in sweden . 
  if you commute to kerava regularly , why have n't you gotten the region 2 - monthly ticket ? 
  it 's bound to be cheaper than buying singles . 
  it 's not 2004 anymore . 
  the late finnish president once pondered something to the effect that `` to keep the faith of his voters , a politician has to sometimes cause a disappointment '' . 
   we all know that only siths deal in absolutes . 
  but seriously , is n't there records of this ? 
  mass conversion of the scandinavian countries by christians and the slaying of those who did n't ? 
  ( idk if this is right , i never looked this up lol )  vikings picked up christianity while they were warring/trading in the south . 
  they passed it on to their kids and converted others when they got home . 
  the conversion in ( today 's ) sweden happened more or less slowly and peacefully . 
  every year there were just more pagans dying of old age and more christians being born and that 's how you got christian sweden . 
  in finland , there were legends of crusades to finland to convert it to christianity , but there are no records of the first crusades and the later were more like `` we demolished the old church and built this new one , you pray here now , you 're christians '' . 
  well , people prayed there because that 's what you did , but they still sacrificed to old elemental powers as well . . and continued to do so all the way to ww2 and after . 
  modern , `` pure '' christianity only existed/exists in towns/cities , where people are more cut-off from nature . 
  i remember reading that some pagan holy sites are still in active use , but the people using them do n't really want to bring any attention to themselves . 
  and then there 's iceland . 
   in just half a year third of a year . 
  yes , and it has nothing ( or very little ) to do with global climate change .
