  and remember : i 'm talking about finnish students who are probably largely unfamiliar of these topics outside hollywood-fiction . 
  you could write about modern sensibilities there , and not just about historical cultural relativism . 
  this is a chance that has been taken with other topics , such as slavery in the united states or national politics in the soviet bloc . 
   back in those days , europeans did not consider the native americans to be real people . 
  they were acting as if the territory was not used by humans and they were just driving wild animals away . 
  well , i was really speaking from the year and point of view of 2016 . 
  `` manifest destiny '' still has a positive connotation , `` lebensraum '' does n't . 
  and if we go to year 1940 , it could be argued that slavs or jews were n't considered to be `` real people '' either by the nazis , but that was n't the point i was making . 
  i do n't really understand why `` manifest destiny '' was cool but `` lebensraum '' was evil . 
  as pointed out , that happens to be the official stance , too . 
  you do n't have to be a monarchy to be a successor state . 
  if you remember that russia 's population is mostly set on the european side , its situation is n't that much different from the nordic countries . 
  apart of the coast-lines , our distances between relevant places are on low hundreds . 
  or nordic countries , which has similar landscape and resources with only a fraction of population . 
  it 's a german produced program , though . 
  why should they have heard of it ? 
  you know it 's a german-produced sketch based on a british short story with british actors ? 
  there is n't any special reason to show it in the uk . 
  i suspect that russia 's non-us made missiles are slightly cheaper . 
  ladies and gentlemen , here we have a prime example of whataboutism . 
  get it while its fresh !, 
  recognising the existence of a country does n't mean one has to send a diplomatic envoy or even open relations . 
  i 'm more interested in the alternative meaning . 
  the terrorist-plot is so in-your-face that i did n't even consider there could be an alternative way of reading it . 
  even now , i ca n't find it . 
  i 've been on a three-day ship trip ( due to moving equipment that would have been expensive to take by plane ) and by second day one gets cabin-fever . 
  those long-distance ships are n't floating casinos like the sweden-finland ferries . 
  every square metre is in utilitarian use and cabins are only for the rich . 
  ( i slept under a table in a meeting room that somebody had left unlocked . ), 
  putin started getting aggressive right after h\u00e4yh\u00e4 died , it 's true . . 
  in scotland they just removed all trash cans from the train stations . 
  i asked where i should put my trash ( i had just picked from a fast food restaurant and eaten at the station afraid that i 'd miss my connection ) the personnel said i should just throw it on the ground , that 's what everyone else does . 
  i asked why they did n't have trash cans , and they cited bomb threats . 
  i asked was it impossible to make trash cans that withstand explosions , because this place is going to be really untidy , and they did n't say anything . 
   both of those agencies tell states what is allowed , it 's all uniform . 
  maximum allowed is n't the same as the amount used . 
  antibiotics cost , you know , so there should be some incentive to use less if possible . 
  this would imply that different states use different amounts due to climate , even if there 's restrictions in place . 
  does fda and usda have restricted levels ? 
  at least wikipedia only speaks of `` guidelines being implemented '' . 
  so even if the numbers do come from fda and usda , they may very well be averaged in the way i mentioned . 
   but if you would like to continue making stupid statements please go right ahead , i love it when people talk confidently about topics that they have no understanding of . 
  i do n't see you citing sources either . 
   what the hell , there are european states worse than the us ? 
  if there are reasons for antibiotic use such as climate , we may expect that there 's a `` reasonable '' level that varies from area to area - that being said , some of those numbers are really strange : portugal and spain should n't be on different levels . 
  anyway , the usa-level is similar to eu-average ; half of us-states are actually worse off ( by definition ) than shown on the graph . 
  which means that if us-average is that low , on individual state level they 're abysmal - literally . 
  yeh , spoke of the grand duchy . 
  well , if you do n't count autonomy . . 
   it 's actually because the new day was considered to begin at sunset well , as sun sets around 12:30 i 'd say you would n't really see the christmas if you drunk heavily the the previous evening . 
  the official day is 25th , but the `` big day '' is 24th ( that 's the last day in the christmas calendars sold ! ), 
  and is the one people mean when they say `` christmas '' ( actually , we say `` yule '' , but that 's neither here or there ) . 
  i have no idea why that is . 
  the solstice is usually on 21st , so maybe it was pushed closer to that day at some point ? 
  op is a finn , so the changes are high they meant the 24th . 
   i did not know that , so let 's say a finn or a swede wanted their child to have a religious education we have bible education in state schools as well ( more correctly : ethics from bible - half of that stuff i wrote above is from the religion-class ) . 
  if you are n't part of any church , you get a proper ethics & life view-class instead which has pretty much the same stuff but with less jesus . 
  admittedly though , we 're discussing folding all this into the ethics & life view-class because people have more special religions every year and it 's starting to become a strain to find people in small towns who can teach islam , buddhism , pastafarianism etc. 
  in the manner the state wants . 
   ( by that i mean a bible education in school for people who believe in creation vs evolution for instance ) there are so few creationists in finland that topic is n't really something we debate on . 
  most of the religious authorities think that evolution happened because god willed it so . 
   the state will pay for that ? 
  basically . 
  though keep in mind that putting the school up is rather expensive and you need a lot of students to keep the operation on black . 
  this keeps the the more extreme schools at bay . 
  most big cities have one `` christian school '' tough . 
  after quick googling , its for kids who go to church on sundays and want to pray before lunch . 
  ( the other common alternative is steiner-school . ), 
  i just checked the figures for espoo , the second biggest city in finland : 24 000 people in state school , 200 in christian school and 300 in steiner . 
  and keep in mind that espoo is the same size as malta , so that means long travel times . 
  you probably need about 200 people to keep the operation on black , so that means that there are perhaps five christian schools in the whole country . 
   as for state schools , not everyone can send their children to fee payer schools but it is still not proper imo . 
  state pays tuition for free schools as well . 
  well , parents can teach their kids whatever they want . 
  the kids would just hear different things at the school . 
  and the parents can also not enroll their kids to a state school if they do n't want to ( something like 99 % do , however ) . 
  and when has `` as they see fit '' ever been true ? 
  social services are n't purely nordic curiosity . 
  and before ss , community would surely have intervened . 
  sure , and you 're entitled to your opinion . 
  but this works for finns and you should n't push your worldview on another culture - particularly as you ca n't really seem to define it as better than `` should belong to parents '' . 
  anyway , historically , rising belonged to the community ( not solely to parents !, 
  ) , and in finland , the ideas of community and state are largely mixed beyond separation . 
   i half-assed or ignored my way through required and advertised reading so that i could read what i wanted to myself . 
  you probably did n't have any alternative sources of information to school books , so even if you only read `` what you wanted to read '' , you still read stuff that they wanted you to read . 
   that sounds a bit like the state overstepping its bounds and pushing an ideological position on children . 
  please keep in mind that what is or isi n't included into state 's mandate depends on the state . 
  at least in finland ( and probably in sweden as well ) state 's mandate includes * raising * children as well as * teaching * them . 
  the teachers complain that parents are so willing to leave all the raising to them and do n't bother to do anything themselves . 
  finnish school curriculum includes teaching students to understand ( not * know * ) green values , ethics , empathy , equality and diverting opinions . 
  [ here 's the study plan in swedish ] ( http://www.oph.fi/download/166434_grunderna_for_laroplanen_verkkojulkaisu.pdf ) . 
  beautiful , but only when looked from afar . 
  i 'd hate to be one of those people who 's farmstead or summer cottage got wrecked . 
  the jews were lost in the desert . 
  in other words , they did n't have maps ( or if they did , they did n't know how to read them properly ) . 
  even if they drew maps as they went along , they should have been able to backtrack instead of staying years ( decades ? ), 
  on an area that 's smaller than some cities . 
  so it 's fair to say that if they had cartographers , they did n't earn their wages . 
  this is to say , the current naming of locations based on bible is based solely on connecting later-made maps with the written text of self-admittedly lost jews . 
  the probabilities of placing all the names with the right locations is infinite small .
