  i just read the wikipedia article on right to roam and it seems rather limited :  the new rights were introduced region by region through england and wales , with completion in 2005 . 
  maps showing accessible areas have been produced . 
  really , maps ?!, 
  for comparison : i 've only seen barbed wire in finland in the immediate vicinity to cows . 
  and it 's ok to go wherever as long as it is n't somebody backyard ( eg . 
  somebody is moving the lawn regularly ) . 
  anyway , this was just an example . 
  this was years ago for me , so i 've forgotten a lot . 
  but it all felt rather strict . 
  like playing one of those old computer games before sandboxes became a thing . 
   which is considered to be in eurasia so is japan . 
  i realise that . 
  i was talking about the mentality behind these rules that still exists . 
  you ca n't even go hiking in the countryside because everything is covered with barbed wire . 
   i do enjoy that placing a postage stamp upside down on an envelope is high treason , because it has a portrait of the queen on it . 
  other fun ones : it 's laws , rules etc. 
  like this that made me dislike living in uk . 
  it seemed that you were more concerned with rules than with solutions and the general happiness of the citizens . 
  but then , all those countries have high population density . 
  i 've travelled extensively in finland and sweden and the roads are n't that good here either when you get to the roads that just support local people . 
  pretty much . 
  also that because their politicals are all millionaires , they do n't really have much sympathy for union-organisers . 
  in europe , left-wingers have made it illegal to disturb union organisers -- in some countries ( such as finland ) there are laws that demand that employers help organising unions . 
  in usa , the laws pretty much make clear that hiring people to beat organisers is illegal only if tv-cameras are present . 
  pretty average . 
  would n't really jump out from a crowd . 
  you think it 's better that highest person in the realm is a man , if gay , rather than a woman ? 
  you 're a real class act !, 
  ( i know this was n't what you were thinking , but it 's a real concern . ), 
  edit : and i have no idea why you were downvoted . . or why i was , for that case . 
  i was just going for an observation . 
  that and * kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 * ? 
  the important word here is `` relative '' . 
  as in `` relative poverty '' , 50 % of median income . 
  ( which is really low-balling , the official standard is 60 % , iirc . ), 
   how is it chosen which union does negotiate , or does everyone for themselfs ? 
  all unions are members of bigger unions who in turn are part of bigger unions . 
  ultimately there are three confederated central unions that represent wage-workers , salaried employees and academic professionals . 
  each of these sends their own representative to the meeting . 
  on the other side of the table there are representatives of similar industrial/employer-confederations . 
   usually the employers side is dominated by the conservative near organisations and the employees side by the social democratic near ones . 
  the unions are very close to social democratic party which they tend to fund ( with a small amount of money going to socialist party ) . 
  and the employers send money to the bourgeois-parties . 
  i would n't laugh . 
  if a company hires people in romania for 1 $ / hour and sends them to sweden , those contracts are legal and binding , says ecj . 
   it completely ignores the cost of basic provisions ; enough food to prevent malnutrition , water , electricity , shelter , sanitation , education , healthcare , clothing , etc. 
  most of the countries on the list have separate allowances for rent etc. 
  so the static tells how much you have to work on top of the safety net to get out of poverty . 
  students are usually in the worst position in developed countries . 
  in finland if you 're unemployed you will probably get about 1000 $ / month from the government as this is seen as the lowest amount on which one can survive , but if you 're a student you get at most 450 $ +300 $ loan . 
   but if i 'm an employer for a very vague job , what 's to stop me finding people who are n't part of a union ? 
  [ you might be interested of this post i just wrote ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35bqw3/weekly_hours_at_minimum_wage_to_move_out_of/cr3g5q4 ) . 
  sweden is encountering problems because of ecj-decision that you ca n't enforce union salaries for foreign companies that send employees to sweden . 
  our professor ( who had done research on the area ) claimed that they were going to solve this by transitioning closer to finnish model ( which is fine for ecj ) . 
   if i do n't need skilled employees , what makes me negotiate with a union ? 
  not understanding british system that well , i 'm guessing you have different union structure . 
  while we have small unions , they are part of bigger unions and they in turn ultimately represented by confederal central unions that represents pretty much everybody . 
  we have three unions : working class unions those who are paid wages , one for salaried employees and one for academic professionals . 
  together , these three unions cover all employees in finland . 
  so you can always escalate until you can grind the whole country to a standstill . 
   it 's strange that not a single scandinavian country is depicted on this chart since i would expect them to rank quite low . 
  this was just handled at school this week . 
  nordic countries are n't on these lists because we do n't use minimum wage system . 
  instead the unions negotiate minimum wages with companies * . 
  the companies that do n't negotiate or where unions do n't have enough power are then put on strike until they bend . 
  as such , in finland the minimum wage for waiter is 9,97 $ / h but cleaners and green area workers have minimum wage closer to 7 $ / h. 
  apparently this is a better system ( according to cross-eu research ) than singular minimum wage as it takes better into account the productivity on different fields . 
  however , it presupposes strong union-strength . 
  when such strength does n't exist , the state has to introduce semi-optimal system instead . 
  personally ( even knowing the history ) i find it very curious that something like this does n't exist in usa , seeing as how you dislike strong government controls in general . 
  * in finland , the unions negotiate with whole industries and the conclusion is then made into lawful minimum wage table , even for companies that are n't part of the employee/employer unions . 
   `` founding fathers '' ( \u3063 \u0ca5_\u0ca5 ), 
  slightly positive feelings for eu in general here ( positive for free movement and the peace-process , negative due to things relating optimal market areas and structures that direct finland toward more liberal welfare regime ) . 
  * te deum * and * ode to joy * always leave me speechless . 
  i also think the flag is really neat symbol and i feel it connects us ( here at the edge of civilization ) to the larger context of european history . 
  otherwise i feel rather phlegmatic over the subject . 
  and here 's the kicker : all the symbols i listed were only later adapted by eu : they 're originally council of europe-symbols ( or ebu ) and could be used free of eu : but i do n't think almost anybody does . 
  you note that the previous speaker did differentiate between musical and political sensibilities . 
  do n't be a dick . 
  worked for trapped in reddit . 
  is n't finns a centric party , though ? 
  just to repeat from another thread : the official name of the party is * the finns * and a direct translation would be * common finns * or * average finns * . 
  their ideology is very much defined by nimbyism , not by far-right . 
  they were originally populist splitters from centrist agrarian party and have n't gotten too far from their roots . 
  i find it surprising that the artist bothered to draw the lower panels again instead of copypasting . 
  [ they can into nordic the same way as finland did . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ), 
  as i said , there 's overlap . 
  terrorists might go after military targets , too . 
  and the distinction is n't always very clear ( those collaborators were n't military , for example ) . 
  best translation would probably be `` common finns '' . 
  the idea being that they 're not elite . 
  edit : everyday finns is even better . 
  the problem is that many spots like railways are both . 
  but i hopefully did n't claim that the two terms are the same : i meant that there 's overlap . 
  and you had the rightful heir the next 800 years ? 
   no , you really ca n't . 
  did belgium or portugal oppress other countries in europe nope . 
  i did say `` pretty much about any bigger nation '' , not `` every nation '' . 
   would go as far as to say the uk did n't really either in ireland , the famine was just a result of horrible neglect .
