  should this belief turn out to be false , the fta as it exists in publicised drafts would stop finnish counties from buying the services back , founding a new service to replace the sold or from waiting for the contract to expire . 
   no state systems were dismantled under any other ftas . 
  im confident european regulators would not let that happen with virtually 100 % certainty . 
  you forget that neoliberals do n't exist just in the states . 
  certain people are more than happy to let certain things slide through the fingers and then blame it on a work-mishap or eu bureaucracy . 
   you mention it is a violation of the democratic process , but all affected countries have to ratify it . 
  almost all cross border deals are first negotiated behind closed doors . 
  and seldom subjected to democratic discussion . 
  just that things have been done this way does n't mean they should be done this way . 
   the canadian deal was and it contains an investor state dispute clause ( virtually all ftas do ) . 
  yet that was welcome with open arms . 
  by whom ? 
  why ? 
   no anger over this deal despite the fact japanese tech giant fujitsu recently won a # 700 million judgment against the nhs for backing out of a deal ( based on contract law , not a free trade agreement ) . 
  why is n't there anger ? 
   i do n't know of one example of an fta that has been publicly negotiated ( although they have to be ratified by legislatures , which gives the public a chance to comment ) . 
  usually the negotiators are given a limited writ to do negotiate from parliament . 
  this time parliaments are n't even allowed to look at the drafts . 
  further , when negotiations are finished , the political pressure to sign is much greater than the pressure to renegotiate ( which would mean opening the whole agreement , undoing years of work ) . 
   ttip would likely be fairly standard sharing many of the same characteristics as the canadian and japanese deal . 
  clearly the only reason people are upset is because it is being negotiated with the us . 
  you write all the above that you did and then you have the guts to say it 's only because it 's with the usa . .  case in point , as i mentioned above , i have not seen one thread on the deal with japan . 
  just because you have n't seen does n't mean it does n't exist ( do you read japanese and follow japanese media extensively ? ) . 
  just because it is n't discussed does n't mean it should n't be discussed or that not not being discussed it something that people would regret later . 
  and again , japanese needs are quite different from needs of eu . 
  japan is a monolithic system , eu is not . 
  the link is about primary and secondary education . 
  pisa measures primary education , so that 's completely relevant . 
  i agree that secondary education is somewhat harder to measure , but it 's still being done , as it 's rather important view when developing secondary education in europe . 
   it is normal for industries to be exempt in an fta . 
  european healthcare providers will be . 
  public service providers have n't exempt in all earlier fta 's and they have clearly been on the table on this one , so it 's a healthy thing to be concerned over . 
  i agree we should n't be fatalist , but saying that all will be well is pretty scary as well , remembering that there are several lobbying groups and interests that want from ideological reasons smaller public sector no matter what . 
   it is much easier and cheaper to offer insurance than services in a new market . . 
  some states ( finland among others ) are built with public sector offering a large amount of services . 
  it would be rather scary if we would have to scrap a system we have been building over the last 100 years just because some fta nobody read carefully . 
  even at best , this is a huge violation of the democratic process . 
  also , i 'm not sure where you get that `` insurance is cheaper than services '' , as finnish services-oriented healthcare is the cheapest in europe , including the insurance-oriented countries . 
  state insurer system is different in that the state is n't directly competing with private operators , which is largely seen as the problem from us-perspective . 
  sure , but neither of those ( afaik ) are welfare states . 
   how can you test who is the smartest ? 
  pisa-tests are pretty popular . 
  edit : and pretty much every country in europe has close-to-100 literacy rate ( the missing percent is due to immigrants from countries that do n't use latin alphabet - they 're counted as illiterate ) . 
  you also get those people who simply ca n't learn to read . 
  i 'm going to guess that luxembourg 's number has been simplified upward . 
  nafta was negotiated over two decades ago . 
  agendas change . 
  as i said , some countries teach how to write in block letters . 
  some do n't . 
  but even in countries like france , your hand is already wired to start letters from a certain point etc. 
  it all shows up in the result . 
  ( i 'm not going to argue further , as i 'm in no way experienced enough on the subject to do so . ), 
  well , that depends too . 
  in some countries school system does n't really teach how to do block letters and insist that the students use cursive even if they would be naturally inclined toward block . 
  after forced usage of 15 - 20 years you would end up using cursive in worklife , too . 
  and even if block letters are used , they too are standardised in nations . 
  the kids are taught to draw their letters in a certain manner : doing lines just so , not drawing certain lines or adding certain lines in certain points . 
  for example , [ these are the finnish letters ] ( http://www03.edu.fi/oppimateriaalit/kirjainuudistus/tekstauskirjaimet.html ) from few years back . 
  you may note certain nordic minimalism in them . 
  and apparently [ this is what they use in usa ] ( http://practicalpages.wordpress.com/homeschool/handwriting-pages/print-handwriting/ ) . 
  note how in the finnish version the `` q '' has shorter line , small `` f '' does n't bend down , `` i '' is drawn with only one line etc. 
  numbers are different as well . 
  i was taught that `` 1 '' is a straight line and `` 7 '' [ like so ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:hand_written_7.png ) . 
  so even if you just looked at my number `` 17 '' an educated observer would know from where i 'm from . 
  handwriting guidelines are n't standardised internationally . 
  each nation has their own guide how to draw the latin alphabet and how to connect the letters together . 
  you could and can make a very good educated guess on where a person has learned to write based on even a lorem ipsum-sample . 
   you can read a bit about the early icelandic legal system here . 
  [ 1 ] nice text . 
  i liked it until i got the final part where this is used to justify privatisation of the three pillars of establishment . 
  i get that . 
  but the interpretation depends on the culture . 
  i got the reference but that sounds like something you should nod at sadly instead of laugh . 
  nokia sold it 's tv-department in the early 2000s to concentrate on the mobiles , 
  nokia did and does do a lot other things than just cell phones . 
  russian side has infrastructure allowing warm beds . 
  and do n't underestimate the value of soldiers who think winter as normal . 
  i just felt like writing about history and finding out if it was the same story they tell on the other side of the border . 
  also , calling us `` little russia '' has a rather bad connotation on the best of times , not to mention today ( particularly as it looks like media is agreeing ) . 
  but it 's true that baltic republics tend to work as great what-if 's to each other . 
   in the context of nato i was more thinking that if there were no alliances , and each country were out for themselves alone , it would be a much more dangerous world for humans . 
  there 's also eu . 
  and many other organisations . 
  nato is n't the only one that ties us together . 
  i doubt china could claim the whole siberia . 
  they might crab back the disputed territories with some interest . 
  but the existence of mongolia makes incursion too deep into russian territory pretty hard logistically . 
  and if they take mongolia then they get a lot of bad publicity that china is n't probably ready for . 
  only if you do n't define `` polish '' as `` russians '' . 
  i do n't know what they taught to you at school , but here in finland the line is that finland became what it became because we succeeded in keeping swedish legistlation during the grand duchy-era . 
  the old finland ( the area seceded to russia in early 18th century ) was economically much worse off than new finland hundred years later when they were put under the same administration again . 
  my godparents live next to the old border and they claim that when they moved to the area in mid-1970s ( before finnish economy started to rise to western standards ) you could still see the difference between the swedish and russian sides . 
  the problem is n't the minorities . 
  ** the problem is human nature . 
  ** the department had a blind-spot and it was abused by criminals . 
  after all , when the first report came in 15 years ago , this was still few relatively isolated incidents . 
  if they had then investigated ( and arrested ) the few suspects , nobody ( or at least , nobody with any importance ) would have claimed racism . 
  the crimes during the next 15 years would n't have happened ( broken window ) . 
  results in replicating the experience have been varying . 
  either or , does n't diminish the value of the story when talking of subjects like the russian agression in ukraine .
