  why ? 
  edit : nobody would have said anything if he had been said to be keynesian , bourdiean or hegelian thinker . 
  plus those pictures seemed older than 80s , when the system still worked somewhat well . 
  the bread lines were mostly a symptom of the system breaking down . 
  they were n't ( as prevalent ) during the soviet era as a whole . 
   most of the communist era photos look like propaganda photos . 
  in the '80s most romanians had to queue for hours just to get some meat or cooking oil . 
  keep in mind that during 80s the system was already breaking down due to several reasons that did n't exist ( or were n't prominent ) during the earlier decades . 
  if speaking purely of economic achievements , soviet union improved [ hell of a lot during ] ( http://i33.fastpic.ru/big/2013/0806/43/e3abf0a23e0fba69cf11833581f89443.jpg ) during it 's existence compared to almost any other economy before stagnating around 1975 . 
  sure , some of the pictures are propaganda , but so are the similar pictures from usa . 
  she was walking by , saw that somebody had died and the family had just thrown all the dead person 's property to the bin . 
  she went through it and found a nice frame she thought her husband would appreciate . 
  ( she was right . ), 
  edit : and i really hope that you do n't think so poorly of us finns that our president ca n't even dress properly . 
  it 's good that the president has swanky premises where to impress visitors . 
  the important thing is that when they leave the office the premises wont leave with them . 
  [ this picture of our former president going through the trash less than a year after leaving office fills me with as much pride as the pictures above . 
  ] ( https://haapavaara.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/1240216_10151587100232314_167375813_n.jpg ) edit : also while finland may only have population less than paris , it 's as big as 2/3 's of france . 
  having premises both in the capital and in the old capital was an important way to keep the population together back when travelling still took days . 
  edit2 : and while those buildings are costly to build , remember that the land they were built ( apart of the palace ) was most probably free . 
  there are very few topics where `` interests of society '' does n't mean `` beneficial for the people at the top '' . 
  but then , i 'm a socialist . 
   i edited my comment to better explain myself ... 
  i live in montreal which is not `` north '' but north enough that without switching times in the winter we would get no sunlight in the mornings . 
  yes , montreal is about the same lattitude as northern spain or southern france . 
  so , `` south '' as far as european pov goes , 
  unions and socialism are hardly the same thing . 
  my point was that it 's extremely confusing that the place that marks the utc does n't actually use it . 
  plus it 's good policy to give a new definition a new name . 
  i wonder how i would have gone about selling that cocaine . 
  it 's pretty much breaking bad , season 1 . 
  `` hello good sir , would you perhaps be interested in sampling my cocaine ? 
  finest product available , i 'll give you my word !, 
  yes , this is the first time i 'm selling , why do you ask ? '', 
  i 'm just going to copy the definition of gmt from wikipedia :   greenwich mean time ( gmt ) refers to the mean solar time at the royal observatory in greenwich , london , which became adopted as a global time standard . 
  so , the time in greenwich = global time standard . 
  but the observatory is following the british general time , yes ? 
  and they use dst . 
  which means that if we go by that definition , then everybody would have to switch clocks ( or define additional jumps ) when british legislation changes . 
  of course , this is all technical , but as we know , technically correct is best correct . 
  particularly when we 're talking of important stuff like time . 
  so a new definition had to be made . 
  and it would be a good thing if the new definition had it 's own name for clarity 's sake . 
  plus , you know , political sensibilities . 
  edit : which leads to this :   in the united kingdom , gmt is the official time during winter ; during summer british summer time ( bst ) is used . 
  you 're not a real european country if you do n't have a boring tricolour that looks exactly the same as every other tricolour in europe . 
  well , the observatory observes summertime , meaning utc is n't the same as observatory 's time . 
  talking of greenwich mean time is a bit silly when greenwich is n't in said time . . 
  you mean + / - 1 hour , due to utc not having dst , unlike the observatory . 
  all political stuff nonwithstanding , uk uses dst so greenwich-the-location is n't always on the same timezone as greenwich mean time . 
   when you live in the north dst is a godsend . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  no it does n't . 
  the sun does n't rise during winter and it does n't fall during summer . 
  you do n't see sun from late november to early february : add a month to both sides if you actually work for a living . 
  and of course , during summer it 's just the same thing but reversed : better be in bed by midnight if you do n't want to go to sleep when the sun rises at 01:00 . . 
  how much of that is uninhabited wilderness ? 
   you do n't have to be a good person or do something for the right reasons for one of the consequences of your actions to be good . 
  i would n't say the conclusion of ww2 was good . 
  it was followed by forced relocations of people ( both poland  germany and inside ussr ) , 40 + years of dictatorships , russificiation and large-scale destruction of cultural and environmental treasures . 
  it could have been worse , but that does n't make it good . 
   it says more about the nazis than the soviets to consider their defeat at communist hands to be a good thing . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  personally i 've always felt that `` the only good thing soviets did was defeat the nazis '' was somehow hollow . 
  they were both assholes . 
  started ww2 together and if we look simply what both regimes had done until circa 1943 they look pretty similar , too . 
  if nazis had been on allied-side who knows what they would have done after the war ended ( i 'm not trying to be apologist , just pointing out that we 're comparing what nazis dreamed with what soviets did - and very seldom do dreams transform into reality 1:1 ) . 
  what i 'm saying here is that soviets ( or russia ) should n't be able to use `` at least they won the war '' as some sort of accomplishment . 
  if nazi - regime would have won and collapsed in 1990 we would be writing here `` at least nazis won the war against soviets '' . 
  but of course , i 'm biased . 
  most finno-ugric people did n't survive soviet union ( and neither did all my relatives ) . 
  ( seriously though , sputnik and the space program were pretty cool . ), 
  well , depends on the country . 
  it can also lead to finlandisation !, 
   global skin colour map i 'm not really into mercator but i can often see why it was chosen . 
  this time i 'm completely baffled . 
  the same could ( and can ) be said of bulgaria and romania . 
  but tying the area to brussels might be worth sacrifices . 
  ( i think the last few expansions were mistakes but seeing how russia acts now perhaps justifiable in hindsight . ), 
  well , the names are old . 
  sweden , estonia and russia date to at least viking-age , same probably goes for germany . 
  edit : and they 're all old local tribe-names that have since been extended to mean the whole country . 
  viro , for example , is only the northern-most county of present-day estonia . 
  `` tomorrow i go to school . '', 
  `` in one year i come probably back . '', 
  the finnish names follow the classic `` we do n't know what this is but need to have something on the translated map '' - scenario . 
  but : puola ( poland ) , sveitsi ( switzerland - interestingly , `` veitsi '' means knife ) , thaimaa , saksa ( germany ) , ahvenanmaa ( aland ) . 
  . . any more . 
  they actually got me . 
  why did you use `` conquered '' solely for hitler and not also for stalin ? 
  i 'm somewhat amazed this was approved before abortion . 
  yes , i 'm a true patriot . 
   how would a finn like madeira ? 
  yes please . 
  just waiting for retirement . 
   bees not everyone is distressed by bees , but i 've met a lot of people who are more scared of them that guns ( in the hands of people they trust ) . 
  there are people who follow politics actively . 
  it does n't matter limited the actual effects are when you know the process that created them . 
  iirc , he bought windows phones for the company but uses apple himself, 
  i did try to be subtle .
