   eu is n't neoliberal . 
  some of the policies are , though . 
  finland is preparing to privatise postal service due to eu directives . 
   lots of people feel that the `` theory '' that the hungarian language is related to finnish is a direct attack on hungarians by the austrians . 
  not that i feel any connection to hungarian either ( other than some solace in that after russia destroys the others , we are not alone with estonians ) , but why is this bad ? 
  it 's not like finno-ugric language/culture group has any bad connotations . 
  succesful methods come out of repeated failed experiments . 
  which will be with us for centuries . 
  racial superiority is directly related to the amount of umlauts in alphabet . 
  i 've done longer conversations concerning superman . 
  things do n't have to make sense to be important . 
  i would probably try in the local consulate with all the proof i could gather . 
  and get notarised testimonies from the old relations . 
  that way if your claim does n't get through you can just drop it . 
  if your kids need passport later you/they can then go to court and continue onward with no harm done . 
   the only kind of legitimate reunion can be driving the turks off the island . 
  barring something huge happening to turkish government in ankara , this is n't going to happen . 
  and even if turks were to leave , the northern government would still be in power -- would invasion be in order , then ? 
  the question is if imperfect solution better than no solution at all . 
  there will be no perfect solutions . 
  and it was n't north cyprus that bunked the annan plan . 
  i 'm not going to doubleguess the political athmosphere at that time too strongly , but they might have thought that the greek cypriots were happy with the coup-idea , meaning that restoration was n't possible . 
  or that perhaps greek government would escalate . 
  i 'm not expert , but what did greece do at the same time ? 
  it does n't really matter does turkey recognise it or not . 
  at this point reunion is a decision between the cyprus governments , not between eu and turkey . 
  and as i remember , turkey has been encouraging reunion . 
  the only reason it stopped few years back was because the greek part was n't happy ( iirc ) . 
  and let 's remember that turkey invaded in the first place because greece was busy engineering a coup at the island . 
  there 's also `` we mourn the tragic loss caused by ukraine shooting down the plane '' . 
  would you mind defining `` fascist '' as it has to do with this sub ? 
   the most external `` internal affair '' ever i 'd say that would be palestine . 
  that must have been a communicator . 
  my friend had the first nokia with recessive touchscreen from 2004 . 
  i think it cost something like 800 euros . 
  finland 's been in since 1995 . 
  the phones sold well . 
  it 's mostly about moving goalposts . 
  meaty , unlike the icelandic pastries . 
   it is such a shame , i remember drooling over nokia smartphones as a kid . 
  they were so far ahead of the game for a time . 
  i feel such anger when people say that apple introduced the first smartphone ever in 2008 with the first iphone - when it was n't even a smartphone ( the definition is that you can install stuff and you could only do that with iphoneos 2 ) . 
  meanwhile nokia 's phones had had the same features ( with better stats ! ), 
  five years earlier . 
  the only thing they did n't have was capacitive touchscreen . 
  it was pretty much expected that nokia outsourced their sacking to microsoft . 
  i 'm not christian , but even i know that theology advanced past 6000 years and evolution long long time ago . 
  the only people who hold onto that are some living strawmen in usa . 
  the people who the study found to be christians were the elder people who were raised in ddr . 
  it was their kids ( raised in unified germany ) who were the atheists . 
  my question was pretty much `` prove me wrong '' - comment to a map that looks way too rosy . 
  i am aware of ttip . 
  i know . 
  in case i was n't clear , the picture shows very one-sided and probably false view , as increased income ( which is apparently `` the most optimistic scenario '' ) will be offset by threat of privatisation and lack of optimising to best practices in any given state . 
  what exactly does `` liberalization '' mean in this context ? 
  all i can think of is `` privatising public sector '' . 
   so , basically he does n't know a difference between two ideologies , i was talking of modern ideologies . 
  more clearly , i was talking of a situation where some youths from left alliance had published a book named `` far right in finland '' and were touring the land to get some publicity . 
  on one stop a neonazi attacked with a knife and started stabbing people . 
  so what we 're talking here is that publishing a ( perhaps `` lightly '' skewed ) book about politics is the same as knifing somebody . 
   he has been focusing on eu and foreign policy ( + foreign trade ) , it does n't mean that he is incapable of getting the hang of new topics , or that he does n't already know a substantial amount about other policy areas . 
  usually `` getting hang of new ideas '' does n't involve admitting in twitter that he does n't know the difference between communists and fascists . 
   stubb was a professor at the college of europe before getting into politics - what sort of credentials are you looking for ? 
  he was a professor of european affairs , which means the job does n't involve knowing anything of any other subjects . 
  his political posts were a mep and as minister of european affairs . 
  they all have narrow fields . 
   our previous finance minister was a school teacher and she did such a great job , too !, 
   . . and the current one is a trade unionist meaning he 's theoretically well-versed in the needs of workers and companies both . 
  we shall see how well that works in practice . 
   it 's not rocket science to get briefed by assistants and civil servants and then absorb the essential information , that 's how ministers learn most of their subject matter . 
  no , it 's not necessary to know every small detail . 
  but if you do n't have an education ( or experience ) on the topic beforehand , you 're wholly dependant on the civil servants and lobbyists . 
  i probably do n't need to tell that this is an awful thing . . 
  the most popular example is probably * yes , minister * . 
   the communism/fascism one was probably some rhetoric jibe designed to highlight the nasty side of soviet communism . 
  i do n't believe he does n't get the difference , cmon . 
  he said this as a reference after that neonazi stabbed people in a leftis book launch . 
  the other side published a book , the other side stabbed people . 
  no difference . 
   do you have a source for your claim of stubb 's political guidelights ? 
  it is n't rare at all to be inspired by people who think differently . 
  i seriously doubt he completely equated the beliefs of two partisans . 
  i could n't find the link , but he was talking about swedish ncp and how the faction that had reinfeldt and some other guy was the one that was closest to his heart . 
  `` the other guy '' was in the internal opposition of the same party . 
  as i recall , he claimed that he knew both men very well and was intimately well familiar with their politics . 
   your post reads like you do n't like him , but i do n't think the reasons you 've stated sound very convincing . 
  perhaps you also just do n't like the politics he is ( perceived to be ) standing for . 
  i do n't , which is why i started by saying `` excluding his political party '' . 
  inside his political party , i was rooting for risikko . 
  stubb was my least favourite choice , the least good representative of his party by ideology or experience . 
  excluding his political party , he 's rather clueless about everything that does n't have to do with eu . 
  he has publicly admitted not knowing the difference between communists and fascists ( as modern ideologies ) and has named as his political guidelights people who disagree with * each other * ( while claiming said people have the same views ) . 
  if we talk about political views , he does n't even represent the views of his party . 
  he got voted to top because the party was more interested at staying on top than getting an experienced or suitable leader . 
  i really hope not . 
  because that 's completely the same thing . 
  there 's nothing wrong with inflation . 
  it helps in keeping the economy moving . 
  infact , the opposite is the horrible thing : nobody wants deflation . 
  my sarcasm detector kept a lot of noise with the above post .
