  still works . 
  well , that 's uncalled for . 
  why would you say so ? 
    the average mileage data between different vehicle models may differ significantly from one another , which is why different car models , the rejection rates are not directly comparable . 
  sure , a rolls royce is not going to be used to travel long distances regularly , while you do n't buy a small car if you know you 're going to be moving a lot . 
  but people buy cars that suitable for their needs and the statistics reflect their ability fulfill those needs . 
  in other words : the difference between marketing and reality . 
   i 'm sure nany of the items are due to neglect of the owner and not the manufacturer . 
  wear and tear . 
  also : when the cars are driven half a year on salted roads and the cars suffer of high temperature variance between -30 to +25 ( even daily , if the car is stored outside while at work and indoors while at home/shopping ) , things break down . 
  also , keep in mind that the worst cars are pulled from sale in finland . 
  for example , i seem to remember the car that got high failure rates few years ago had been pulled from sale by the time the article came out . 
  so it 's not a question of simply cause and effect . 
   where did you read that it 's because us cars have higher manufacturing tolerances ? 
  it was article few years ago where they interviewed a researcher at the bureau . 
   what are they checking ? 
  pretty much everything that might affect safety . 
   do you have a link ? 
  sure thing !, 
  [ here are the stats !, 
  ] ( http://www.trafi.fi/tietopalvelut/tilastot/tieliikenne/katsastus ) according to [ this news-piece from last year ] ( http://www.hs.fi/autot/art-2000002881571.html ) , the worst car-model of the year 2012 was fiat 500 ( 12,7 % removed from the roads after checkup ) and the best audi a7 ( 0 % ) . 
  from the year 2000 , the best was toyota corolla ( 11,8 % ) and the worst chevrolet trans sport ( 65 % ) . 
  in finland cars have to be checked semi-yearly for faults . 
  according to the traffic safety bureau , the cars that fare worst are american due to them being manufactured to bigger tolerances . 
  they moved the capital away from rome for a reason . 
   if communists had n't scared the middle and upper classes into supporting hitler as the only person who could oppose the communists the communists got their support ( or consisted ) of working class who were largerly unhappy with the way the upper classes were running things in the empire . 
  it would be unjust to say that the `` communists were riling the population '' as the communists * were * the population . 
  and this was during a time when working class was considerably bigger than it is today ( i 'd guess over half the population , but i do n't have any statistics ) . 
  further , at least in parts of the german empire [ the working class did n't really have institutional political power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_three-class_franchise ) , so violent means of furthering their political aims was pretty much the only avenue open to them . 
  edit : not to mention limited to men in a time when in the working class women also needed to work . 
  and as was obvious , luxembourg was not a man . 
   soviets , pol pot , best korea , cuba , china - everywhere . 
  those were al agrarian states , while germany was one of the foremost industrial countries of its time . 
  further , marx 's communist manifesto explicitly said that communism required industrial base to work . 
   and i have 0 compassion towards people , advocating civil war and mass murder - and i consider anyone defending communists to condone this . 
  there are very few political ideologies on this planet under which banner we have n't done civil war and mass murder . 
  and that includes capitalism ( democratic or otherwise ) . 
   the article is extremely biased towards communism most probably . 
  it does n't mean it 's wrong . 
   and i 'm not in the mood to argue with someone in favour of communism to be perfectly honest with you that 's your right . 
  i understand perfectly well that there are better ways to spend a day than arguing on the internet !, 
   you 've also made some racist statements in your post toward russians i made statement concerning russian bureaucratic culture , which while unkind , are largely shared by most russians who bother to think about it . 
  no implication of genetic base reason was suggested . 
   and greeks ( i 'm of greek origin ) so this seems futile . 
  i was referring to a real historical argument which was based , i believe , on writing like plato 's * state * and the problems he recounted about democracy . 
  again , this was not a critique against greeks ( who by this time had n't had democracy in nigh 2000 years ! ), 
  but a view enlightened people had in the 18th century toward democracy . 
   biased towards one of the most hateful and anti-human theories - communism . 
  remember , that the communism you speak of was the one that came into existence with the failure of revolution in germany . 
  [ i spoke about the topic at some length here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5o4qbl/rosa_luxemburg_and_karl_liebknecht_were_martyred/dchltmj/ ) . 
   the choices in the early weimar republic were n't socialism and fascism , they were socialism , fascism and parliamentary democracy * and which one did weimar choose and how did that end up ? 
   they chose the path against violent communist revolution and instead wanted to democratically implement their politics . 
  yeah , by having the fascists kill the competition . 
   no , it is n't a joke and if you have positive feelings about communism i regard the same way as i regard people with positive feelings about nazism . 
   one of the points of the article was that what 's wrong with `` communism '' was due to - the russian version being left to corrupt on its own for lack of anything to compare itself to . 
  - it was done by russians , and they 've never in the recorded had a honest or properly working bureaucracy . 
  - luxembourg was creating an alternative model based on western ( german ) values and working industrial state . 
  the citizens were familiar with how industrial society worked , they were informed and in a position to always correct the bureaucratic organisation if in need . 
  none of which could be said of russians in the 1920s . 
  you 're basically saying that because one group with the same ultimate aim ended up decades later as corrupt bastards , then any group with the same ultimate aim would do the same . 
  that 's basically the argument made against united states ' experiment with democracy in the 18th century : democratic republics had never worked , they always consumed themselves by corruption , just look at greece 's past . 
  what i got from the article was that germany had to choose a direction : the people were upset with the status quo and many old wrongs had bubbled to the surface . 
  the alternatives were pretty much socialism and breakaway from the past ( a honest try to create a new social contract ) or fascism and traditions of the old ( upkeeping the old infrastructure by threat of illegal violence , which in the end corrupted the whole system ) , and the spd decided to go against their roots and backed the latter . 
  that luxembourg died was the heart of the story , but not , i think , the millstone around which the larger story revolved . 
   also , i am not so sure , that pow of this article is critical to communists . 
  it rings of nostalgia . 
  it yearns after unfulfilled potential , for things that could have been different . 
  there 's a subtle difference , i think . 
  ironically enough , it also echoes the `` stab in the back '' - theory of nazis , even as it frames them in the story as the bad guys . 
   the text would not contain pre-determined opinion ( as it is commonly believed about propaganda ) , but instead would choose focus , adjectives and special catchy phrases or powerful images , so reader would be emotionally pressured into opinion , but will think that he just read neutral facts , and his pow was formed by himself . 
  it is good of you to mention it , and you are right !, 
  on the other hand , just because the writer has an opinion , does n't make wrong -- and just because the author is more successful at hiding their viewpoint , does n't mean they do n't have one -- and writers * always * have a viewpoint . 
  writing without one is simply impossible . 
  having children is a priority , but at the same time so is earning enough money to support a household when the baby is young and having prospects to support the the child for nigh two decades . 
  few decades ago men 's salaries were higher and the employment more permanent : now it is n't so . 
  so women need to work and and if they work , they ca n't have babies . 
  and even if they could , the families are n't sure that they can afford to pay the cost of a child or how to fit child and worklife together . 
  ( also other things just as wives having less to do at home , so getting stuck there seems more and more like a prison . 
  in finland birthrates have dropped the past few years when government cut support on kindergartens , child subsidies etc. ), 
  yes , and germany and austria asked google to blur all the houses . 
  and google felt it was n't worth the effort to photograph the whole country at great expense only to have everything blurred but the trees . 
   italians have obviously a different mentality from northern europeans , but the hotel manager was very unprofessional and rude by any standard , italian ones included . 
  quite possible . 
  but i 'm not rating the whole experience on venice based on one conversation . 
  and as i said , i felt i learned something from it , and that always makes me happy . 
   still , you were in venice , and i 've heard quite a bit of horror stories about prices and accomodations ... so maybe it is pretty common there ? 
  i visited years ago so i do n't know how are going at the moment . 
  well , the prices were a bit steep , but it was still cheaper than finland . . but then , pretty much everything is :d  hopefully you will give italy another chance . 
  i strongly suggest you to visit rome ( before we manage to destroy it ) , no matter what you think of italians , the city is just that beatiful . 
  as i said , the experience was rather good . 
  i actually loved venice ( despite the out-of-control tourism ) . 
  the way history and modern day met there was really uplifting and i got a lot of ideas that i could apply later . 
  grand experience . 
  on the other hand , i found rome , despite the beautiful buildings , to be rather depressing experience . 
   the only guy that said anything about northern-southern europe was terenzio , a filofascist user that was banned well , he also wrote the most in the topic ( probably with the exception of yours truly ) and as such i probably associated the whole conversation with him . 
  this was two years ago , after all . 
  between you asking for a link and the time when i wrote the last post there , i did n't review the conversation . 
  truthfully , i did n't find the link myself when i was writing the original post in this thread . 
   your comments were all decently upvoted yeah , in hindsight the numbers are rather strange . 
  i remember that i was downvoted when i was having that conversation .
