  if they could halt planes in eu , they can certainly do so in mexico and indonesia as well . 
  because he expected that he would be arrested if he switched planes in usa . 
   let 's not get dragged too far into this proxy war between the us and russia . 
  eu is russia 's neighbour and any future politics of russia will be mainly made with us in mind . 
  we ca n't be neutral on this . 
  any side we take must be our own . 
  if usa stands with us , so be it , but that ca n't be the basis of any decision we make . 
   . . are n't quite as erotic as these pictures . 
  true , but / u/pingupingu asked for lesbians , not cheesecakes . 
  edit : but if you want erotic post-stamps , how about [ this one ] ( http://www.filatelia.fi/dx/cars/postim.jpg ) ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.stampnews.com/stampimages200410/1175629339_994919b.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://img.ffffound.com/static-data/assets/6/8407e93a888df2b9682550b1fad451f9fb2bb844_m.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://cdn.bardotbrigitte.com/wp-content/gallery/stamp/21_2007-mint-nh-postage-stamp-with-nude-photo-of-brigitte-bardot-.jpg ) are not finnish , but still pretty erotic . 
  some of the moomin-characters are gay ( and the gays are usually females ) . 
  and those stamps have existed for ages . 
  gay marriage is one of those city vs. countryside , old traditions vs. liberal values things . 
  because finland urbanised later than most of europe ( 70s ) , gay marriage is one of those things where we tend to be at the tail-end of development . 
  it does n't help that most of the mp 's are older people and the older people are bigger part of population and more likely to vote , so that slows stuff down even further . 
  but if the gay marriage does n't go through today , it will in ten years . 
  apparently many mp 's who are privately for gay marriage are against it because majority of their voters are elderly and oppose it . 
  there are steps between being uninterested and launching a war on other 's behalf . 
  just yesterday we were talking on the finnish subreddit about how the finnish peacekeepers found themselves in a warzone at afganistan , causing traumas and suicides when they got back home . 
  by finnish standards afganistan was very much a war we should not have gotten ourselves involved in ( this was back when our prime minister did everything to get visits to white house - and indeed the media did everything to show that successful foreign policy was directly related to how often invitations came in ) . 
   well america is n't really involved in any wars anymore . 
  i have n't been really following news lately . 
  i thought you were still in afganistan ? 
   what exactly are you saying was the con here ? 
  who was invading sweden ? 
  * german industry was heavily dependent on swedish iron ore . 
  the allies had intended to use the soviet attack on finland in november 1939 as cover for seizing the important swedish iron ore deposits in the north , in addition to the norwegian harbours through which this ore was shipped to germany . 
  the plan was to get norwegian and swedish permission to send an expeditionary force to finland across northern norway and sweden , ostensibly to help the finns . 
  but once in place , they were to proceed to take control of the harbours and the iron ore mines , occupying cities such as g\u00e4vle and lule\u00e5 and denying german access to the swedish iron ore . * [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_in_world_war_ii#possible_allied_invasion )  you did ally with nazi germany , remember . 
  after the above happened . 
  and it was n't like we allied with a genocidal tyrant first . 
  and we were n't the ones who gave half of europe to dictators ( first czechoslovakia and austria to germany , later baltics , east europe to ussr ) . 
  all the weaponry should be compatible . 
  we have relatively few nato-standard weapons for nato-peacekeeping missions . 
  for example , the standard finnish weapon for soldiers is a modified ak-47 . 
   the point of nato membership is deterrence , to ensure that a war never starts in the first place . 
  and as said , people figure out that nato would make us more of a target , not less . 
   that is what you get for not being part of nato . 
  why should the us care what happen to you if you have said you do not want to be part of the club ? 
  `` i 'll beat you if you 're not part of our club '' might work for danes , but somehow finns are n't really sold . 
  it 's related to the guy wanting a good position in european politics . 
  how about reading either the article or the comments ? 
   what is the public oppinion ? 
  and why ? 
  about fourth of the population is for nato . 
  about half is against and another fourth is undecided . 
   and why ? 
  many reasons . 
  dislike for being tied in any way to usa is one . 
  that we would be tied to american weaponry , would pretty much have to buy weapons just-because every year and would have to be involved in american wars of aggression does n't really feel good to the population ( that you do n't have to does n't really enter the conversation ) . 
  belief that if russia and nato starts something we may stay out of it . 
  nato-finland would be a main-battleground if usa and russia would ever start anything , as along with baltic states , we 're the only areas that would share a border ( kalingrad does n't count ) . 
  so better to stay out of it . 
  also we need good relations to russia because they 're an important trading partner . 
  better not antagonise them for no reason . 
  and third , if a war starts then finland is pretty much bombed to ground no matter if we were in nato or not . 
  so our defence strategy does n't rely on protecting the border ( which is 1300 km long and hard to defend even with nato ) but instead by making the country itself a northern afganistan to where soldiers come in but they do n't come out . 
  you do n't really need outsiders for that . 
  and historically usa had marked finland as `` if russians invade , they can keep it '' - territory . 
  unrelated to above , we were a neutral state without missile capacity and usa had atomic bombs aimed at us just during cold war just because they had a spare . 
  some people think that we have n't really come up in the world in the american eyes since then . 
  even further back britain and france promised to help us in winter war as a con to invade sweden and ended up declaring war upon us . 
  stuff like this does n't really bring out the historical reasons for joining . 
  most of our neighbours had historical reasons for joining , we had historical reasons for not joining . 
   `` my personal opinion is that finland should belong to nato . 
  it would strengthen finland 's position . 
  but i 'm in the minority , '' he said , stressing that the current government does not support his opinion and that the official foreign policy stance of finland has not changed . 
  katainen is also retiring from his position in a month and is looking for a juicy job at eu . 
  so this outcoming is n't aimed to tell finnish position or to cater votes but instead to make him eu-president / commissar-material . 
   well i would be interested to know . 
  one of the conditions to join the schengen area is to prove that you are able to ensure security of your borders , so how does it work ? 
  schengen area also means that crossing the border becomes more desirable . 
  if you want to get to the elysium that 's britain ( or sweden , or germany ) you used to have to cross mediterranean and few border controls . 
  now it 's just one border control and you 're scot-free . 
  so the incentive to try crossing has increased . 
  in the olden days the risks were bigger and thus there were less people trying their luck . 
  since then the amount of hopefuls has increased but the size of the border control has n't . 
  american system does centre around individual , while european system centres around societies and collaboration . 
  this is still somewhat far away from chinese central hierarchy-system , but perhaps still closer . 
   this should have been obvious though -- even if they said they were neutral , the fact that both countries are liberal democracies with capitalist economic systems and a strong affinity for western culture makes it fairly clear whose side they were really on . 
  i do n't really know much about what sweden did during cold war , but the above quote is so radically wrong i have to strive to correct it . 
  the finnish system might have been de jure liberal , but it surely was n't so de facto . 
  capitalism and society in general were heavily regulated , state was a heavy investor and owned big chunks in all important companies . 
  the state controlled the economy very strongly with disallowing lending from outside the borders , controlling the currency and economic policy to to keep the work cheap and banks in check . 
  foreign ownership over 20 % was seen as dangerous and heavily discouraged ( save soviets , who owned and ran soviet companies in finland , such as teboil ) . 
  we had all the right wing parties in opposition for the whole cold war and people who encouraged liberal values did n't do well in politics . 
  if they did , they were excluded from all important positions post-elections . 
  the state policy was toward social homogenisation till 1990s . 
  soviet union was the biggest trading partner with 20 % -25 % . 
  they shipped us stuff like crude oil good -10 % of the market price , which we could then turn into petrol and sell forward with good overhead . 
  this meant that soviets had a big grip on our economy as well ( similarly as they did in ukraine till few months ago ) and top of all even ran companies in finland ( such as the petrol-station chain teboil ) , meaning that they were n't just selling stuff to finland , they were also buying stuff in finland . 
  further , by late 70s most important political , economic and journalistic operators had a `` kotiryss\u00e4 '' , their personal connection to the soviet political system with which they did faustian bargains for more or less good reasons , leading on macro-level to finlandization . 
  it did n't help that in finland president kekkonen had ruled the country with iron hand for decades and probably looked like an extremely suave self-serving dictator from soviet viewpoint ( what with their arranged elections ) . 
  i 'm fairly sure that from soviet perspective this all meant that ( 1 . ), 
  economically and politically we were deeply in their pocket and ( 2 . ), 
  our system was closer to soviet system than american system and ( 3 . ), 
  kekkonen was in it for himself and ( 4 . ), 
  the population loved the soviets . 
  all this made them blind for stuff like our integration to efta in the early 1960s and creating diplomatic ties not just to warsaw countries but to nato countries as well .
