  ( but i may be wrong ; i 'm no historian . ), 
  you realise that the guy you 're answering to is sporting hungarian flag ? 
  do n't use ie6 [ if you 're not chinese ] ( https://www.modern.ie/en-us/ie6countdown ) . 
  cia also knowingly doctored evidence to support iraq war . 
  at least powell later publicly said that he thought the facts he showcased at un were true and felt his reputation was in ruins after the truth came out . 
  pedantic , but must be said : [ stalin was n't a president of ussr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_heads_of_state_of_the_soviet_union ) . 
  yeah . 
  though it has to be said that when finns speak about respecting teachers they are n't talking about kindergarten . 
  and doctorate students get different amount depending what degree they are working toward . 
  i was speaking from finnish perspective . 
  in here you need a master 's degree . 
  even if they need only bachelor 's degrees in britain the above point still stays the same ( expect that even the teachers are worse trained ) . 
  according to the finnish newspiece the italian books were just a bunch of calculations while the finnish book used by the teacher shows them as games ( how many more rocks do you need to balance the see-saw etc. ) . 
  as explanations like this take a lot of time , the books then gradually `` shorten '' the examples into mathematical symbols over several years . 
  as such , it might take an article like this to make the student realise what the books were up to . 
  edit : that being said , having a motivated teacher helps a lot , but having the right teaching aids is half the battle . 
  just because you 're a motivated teacher does n't mean you 're really good at inventing aids that connect with the kids . 
  if i understand correctly , in finland we have spent a lot of time to invent tools that help even mediocre teachers to reach the expected results . 
  expect that the degree for teaching kids or teenagers in any given subject is a whole different major than actually doing it on the field . 
  master of arts ( education ) ^ 1 is different from master of philosophy or master of science . 
  the difference is that with one you get people who reached their dream of teaching people and in the other you get people who have failed in life and are likely to spread that frustration to their pupils . 
  not to mention they know nothing about teaching kids . 
  ----------------------- ^ 1 this is apparently the name of the degree in english . 
  the literal translation would be `` kasvatustieteiden maisteri '' , which would be something like `` master of scientific teaching and upbringing '' - [ the finnish word of `` kasvatus '' meaning both teaching , parenting , rising , and nurturing ] ( http://fi.bab.la/sanakirja/suomi-englanti/kasvatus ) . 
  that being said , the salaries are n't that bad . 
  they 're bad compared to what you might get with master 's degree on some other line of work , but it 's entirely possible to get to middle class with teacher 's salary . 
  i checked the salaries what counties pay for teachers : kindergarten : 2050 e/month . 
  school teacher : 2500 - 2600 e/month ( depending on degree ) - minor in a subject taught at school : +200 e/month per minor * * about 45-60 credits in university . 
  i study at an university that trains teachers and most teacher-students seem to have at least two minors , some three or four . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.kuntatyonantajat.fi/fi/sopimukset/opettajat/palkat-ja-palkkiot/sivut/default.aspx ) on many fields you can only hope for 2000e/month before you get a name , so compared to that being a teacher is a pretty steady work . 
  suspiciously specific . 
   do you think finnish border patrol officers speak portuguese ?? 
  remember schengen !, 
  ( but the answer is `` probably at least one , yes '' . ), 
  some of those look really crappy . 
  not going to name names . 
  it should be self-evident anyway . 
  so you find it horrible that the army is opt-out instead of opt-in ? 
  the dreyfus affair !, 
  they do n't train everybody . 
  even before this change you could get out by saying so forcefully . 
  you could also opt for civil service . 
  after this change things are bound to be even easier . 
  you apparently did n't read the article . 
  should have used median instead of average . 
  luxemburg screws the numbers too high . 
  you need smaller budgets because the execution of laws goes from the national budget . 
  according to finnish gov. 
  some 80 % of our legislation is done within the boundaries of eu directives . 
  if i may be a bit rude , your country 's legislation grew to the wrong direction . 
  in europe harmonising our welfare structure with yours would need decades of propaganda or a coup . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole eu but in finland our legal system has no special criteria for part time workers . 
  you either pay salary or not . 
  all employees must be insured and you pay expendures from the employees by hour . 
  there 's no special reason why you would want to keep your workers part time instead of moving to full time or firing ( other than the worker insisting part time due to other commitments ) . 
  the whole 28h thing ( with no benefits ) is due to us legistlation which is unique in this world . 
  most countries that do n't trust strong government have third party nonprofits taking care of benefits instead of leaving it to to companies who have incentives to shaft employees . 
  when i heard of this my first thought was that joke of u.s. navy ship and lighthouse . 
   why should california have the same number of votes as mississippie ? ), 
  dates back to before the time of federal power grab in the 1860s when usa was still a federation in the traditional sense of the word . 
   the big states ( germany , france , spain and italy ) need to decentralize more . 
  i do n't argue against that . 
  the bigger the country , the less democracy there is . 
  seems like the paper has their own cow in the gutter , as they say here . 
   healthcare , roads and schools are best managed by the state . 
  our economic system favors citizens with capital , so the state is also needed to redistribute . 
  btw . 
  even the first states ever redistributed wealth , especially through debt amnesties . 
  the book `` debt '' by graeber is very insightful on this . 
  i 'm not arguing otherwise . 
  my point was that you ca n't just look at public/private ratio and say `` this looks bad '' or `` this looks good '' . 
  if something works efficiently , keeps people employed and obeys laws ( that is , brings money to the state edit : or saves money for citizens , as with roadworks ) , it 's working as it should be , be it public or private , be the percent 20 % or 80 % . 
  i suppose what i 'm referring to here is xiaoping 's `` good cat '' - speech . 
  btw , you realise there are other options than us-model private healthcare or state-run healthcare ( if this is how france operates ) ? 
  you can also have county or province-run healthcare ( as finland does ) backed by state-run health care fund or charity-run operating sector backed with half-public insurance , as germany does . 
  and however the british nhs operates ( neither which rise the public/private gdp percentage ) . 
   the more money the state funnels through taxation and debt , the more power it possesses , especially in a centralized system like france . 
  again `` strong state '' is neither good nor bad . 
  you can also devolve power to counties or provinces and then given them limited autonomy instead of just go crazy like usa . 
   too much power makes public servants more likely to be corrupt . . 
  i do n't think it 's the amount of power , i think it 's the security of the seat . 
  the more power ( the worse you can abuse it ) the easier it should be to switch people . 
   there are also enough examples for politicians getting nice government jobs , in branches they have no idea off . 
  this works , because they do n't actually have any workload . 
  it 's just talks , dinners and a big paychecks . 
  this is the main-reason i bothered to reply . 
  politicians job is n't to be expert in the area of his branch : you do n't want a medical doctor to run public health or engineer to run roadworks ; they would concentrate to better the ease for doctors or engineers employed on their field , as they easily confuse their job as representing the employees , not the public . 
  in finland the only criteria for minister 's job written in law is '' * viisas and rehelliseksi tunnettu * '' ( wise and known to be honest ) . 
  the ministers will have the best advisors in the country and a huge queue of special interests telling what would be nice to do . 
  the minister 's job ( and a politician 's job ) is to balance those advices and special interests against each other so that greatest amount of good is attained with the allocated resources while the least amount of people suffer . 
  doing that is a full-day job . 
  ( our only politician with a nobel prize ( for peace ) , martti ahtisaari is a school teacher by education . 
  many of the rest have master 's degrees or better in social sciences . ), 
  what exactly do you mean when you say `` 56 % through the state '' . 
  do you mean the state budget ? 
  or public sector ? 
  i just want to point that just because something goes through the state does n't mean it 's inefficient . 
  roads are probably publicly upkept in france and they do n't bring directly money in . 
  but were they privatised , they would still be money-holes in the form of road-taxes . 
  the gdp-ratio would be smaller , but would this be an upgrade ?
