  that reflects rather poorly on the school ( 2 . ), 
  the guy did n't get his ( state 's ) money 's worth . 
  thank you . 
  what 's the title in atheism ? 
  finland # 6 , sweden # 11 , we won !, 
  and as i said , this is why our system of governance is called a representative democracy . 
   thank you for identifying past systems of ` implementation ' , but when have the people actually been in control ? 
  that was what democracy is supposed to represent , even in ancient greece it never did . 
  as i said in the first post , democracy is not something you have ( `` achievement unlocked !, 
  '' ) , it 's a progress ( or perhaps even better , a process ) with several meters and they tend to fluctuate . 
  so you may have free elections but compromised press or perhaps both work correctly but people just do n't vote ( or otherwise partake ) . 
  and democracy worked perfectly in ancient athens , as the word 's definition at the time was `` this thing that we have '' . 
  you ca n't use 3000 year old translation to compare to present day . 
  the meanings of words change . 
  for example , your translation assumes that `` people '' are those that are n't women , underage , slaves or foreigners . 
  you 're also using the word in vacuum , and not as part of a spectrum as it was intended . 
  a country might be a democracy , oligarchy or autocracy . 
  that 's the spectrum . 
  i 'd say that in most western countries we 're far beyond oligarchy , so we must be a democracy . 
  i 'd also like to point out that while in english `` democracy '' is a word that dates back to greece , it is n't so in all languages . 
  so `` democracy '' as a word is very much an abstract `` close-enough '' word when talking of countries that do n't use such loan words . 
  what i 'm saying is that you should very much use the words as they are defined by best practice ( eg . 
  if all the meters of how we defined democracy would peak at the same time ) , not as you would want the word to mean in your heart . 
  also , in modern usage `` democracy '' is a word of moving goalposts - this may even be a good thing . 
  only by experiences failures can we fix them so they do n't repeat . 
  how about just upvoting the good comments instead of creating noise that makes harder to find the actual contributions ? 
  because i ended up seeing your comment while the `` good explanations of physics '' got buried . 
   well no because democracy is supposed to mean `` people - governing '' that is what the two greek words mean . 
  sure the people have influence to whatever extent but they by no means govern anything . 
  yes , because back when the word was coined every citizen took part in this complicated process of creating a government by essentially taking part in a lottery where the winner got to be a government minister . 
  that 's why the modern democracies are representative democracies . 
  to make a distinction to ancient greece . 
  that 's a real helpful comment for those of us who ca n't correlate the story in any way . 
   this . 
  democracy is a myth . 
  it 's not a myth . 
  but it 's also not something that you can achieve . 
  what democracy is is a process . 
  it 's the understanding by all the citizens that if you do n't actively work to keep democracy alive ( by voting , reading news , talking politics , wiring restaurants instead of just publishing press releases etc ) then you 're helping to kill it . 
  saying stuff like `` democracy is a myth '' ( eg . 
  stating that things are in the shitter and they 're always going to stay there ) you 're making things worse . 
  what you should be saying is `` i 'm going to have to man up '' . 
  edit : also just because democratic organs are n't working as well as they should does n't mean that democracy is n't working . 
  as long as you have even semi-legit elections you have democracy . 
  just as as long heart beats the owner of the said organ is alive . 
  this might mean that things are pretty bleak and the owner is in life-support , but it 's infinitely better than if the owner is dead . 
  and sometimes miracles happen -- just look schumi . 
  the plant operators could insure each other collectively . 
  how do they insure the nuclear plants in sweden ? 
  in finland all power generation has to pay the insurance against damage caused if the operation fails down ( damn bursts etc. ), 
  expect nuclear . 
  the costs of insuring nuclear plants are so high that the state has taken up the cost , even when the operator/owner of the plant is a private entity . 
  i 'm not usually one for neoliberalism , but in this particular case i 'm willing to make an expection . 
  and the insurance against malfunction . 
  the government agenda had the gay marriage move forward as a proposition from the parliament , not from the government ( perhaps for the reasons you stated ) . 
  it died when anne holmlund of ncp decided to kill it in the law subcommittee by prioritising it behind ipad-user experience debate ( !, 
  ncp is pretty evenly divided into value-liberal and conservative half . 
  which is why ncp did n't put gay marriage on the agenda when they formed the cabinet with left parties and greens ( even though to latters it was important and ncp 's marketing was seen as gay friendly ) . 
  instead they only decided to consider a vote . 
  as i remember , it was then killed in some subcommittee . 
  the other two alternatives were a convicted crook and recovering alcoholic with dodgy public image . 
  and the other was a woman . 
  compared to those two , stubb was seen as the safe choice ( id imagine ) . 
  for some reason i feel they are somewhat dodgy , but no reason comes to mind . 
  yeah , ussr caused a lot of pollution which is why the eastern european countries found it so easy to cut down according to requirements of the kyoto protocol . 
  you missed my point that when the government took over the means of production in russia they continued to develop the economy in capitalist fashion ( and did so successfully till late 60s ) . 
  and while doing so created huge amount of both pollution and climate change . 
  the aral sea is a famous example . 
  the purposeful sacrifice of environment for economic gain is very much a mark of capitalism , no matter the operator . 
  it 's not part of merchantilism nor socialism or communism . 
  check the definitions of the three worlds . 
   third world state second world country, 
  state capitalism is n't communism . 
  and capitalism itself is yet to prove its worth long term . 
  after all , climate change can largely be put on its feet . 
  i 'm not a biologist , but from my area of expertise it would not be as easy . 
  businesses that do badly easily resolve to do drastic things to survive . 
  the above is dramatised , but consider business ignoring safety rules or breaks . 
  or refusing to pay overwork bonuses etc. 
  edit : or throwing toxic material to nature . 
  the initial assumptions and research methods affect the end result even when the research is done correctly ( and does not ignore hints that may result in additional research ) . 
  the problems with the setup may be hard to notice even by peers afterward . 
  not to mention cues for additional research are impossible to notice without full replication . 
  which is damn expensive . 
  also herbicide-resistant weeds . 
  corruption in europe , not eu corruption . 
  source ? 
  this also was n't what the op asked . 
  citation ? 
  sources ? 
  this did n't happen . 
  some did ( mostly in eastern europe ) , some did n't . 
  i think it 's based on it , but the adaptation was n't good or faithful . 
  well , i 'm wholly behind the first part - wolfenstein and dick tried to entertain , not help you form ideas on the repercussions of lost war . 
  you might convince me to apologise on the second part , but my thought process was that by showing nazis as the ultimate evil you give yourself a justification to do do virtually anything during war against them . 
  this is propaganda of the worst sort , as as long as you keep this base true ( `` nazis are the ultimate evil '' ) anything else , no matter how horrible ( such as allying with arguably more horrible dictator , bombing civilians or betraying east european resistance ) becomes justifiable ... indeed , even honourable as `` a hard choice '' . 
  at least it 's beyond reproach . 
  nazi-ideologue of jews being behind all evil and thus destroying them being ok ( or even more clearly , sterilising `` lower humans '' or killing gays ) is thus the right thing to do ( a hard choice ) to ensure better future . 
  you would have to support this even if you thought these things are horrible and most of the killed innocent . . because the alternative is worse . 
  yeah , that 's what you get for historical accuracy .
