  they spread a word of how soviet union was spreading it 's `` utopia '' and did n't want to anything with it . 
  it was easy enough to belief as russians had only left the country 10 + years earlier . 
  this does n't mean they were n't communists . 
  when the winter war started in -39 they were one of the main reasons why working class supported the ( far ) right-wing finnish government and not the occupational government , as stalin expected . 
  what are you trying to get out of this conversation ? 
  you 're clearly not in it because you want to convince or understand me . 
  a lot of things i could say about your previous post , but perhaps i 'll just settle for this . 
   you should be glad that finnland was never `` liberated '' by these madmans . 
  i am . 
   yeah , too bad that finland was n't occupied by soviet liberators , right ? 
  have i said so ? 
  you seem finnish . 
  if you like , you can go through my message history , which includes several messages concerning finland in ww2 . 
  ( spoiler : they 're not pro-russia . ), 
  but if you 'd rather spend your sunday evening hitting people under the belt , that 's ok too . 
   i know at least what you 're saying . 
  your idea about the communists is highly idealised and very far from reality . 
  and no , you do n't understand what was going on . 
  please point where have i idealised ( russian ) communists ? 
   what `` working class '' in russia ? 
  seeing as how we 're talking about finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania , i do n't really know how this enters the conversation . 
   communism failed in the industrialised states , it was enforced on the rural ones and that 's why this criminal lenin made up some `` marxism-lenininsm '' . 
  why do you bring this up ? 
   no , not just `` exile '' of the elites , but eliminationm and replacement with the worst scum . 
   and that 's very good . 
  no state can tolerate foreign agents , terrorists and massmurders . 
  we 're talking about people who had the misfortune to complain on bad labour conditions while the wrong person was listening . 
  not foreign agents or terrorists . 
  unions were forbidden in finland at the time . 
   ... tens of millions of ukrainian , russian and other farmers were persecuted and eventually died . 
  which did n't have anything to do with my point . 
   this is a good enough reason for a `` witchhunt '' against the soviet internationale . 
  i think you 're mixing up russian agitators with local communists who were trying to improve the conditions of their fellows . 
  you know , people who fought against russians when they finally crossed the border . 
  ( and who were executed in baltic states . ), 
   no idea about the baltic states , but poland was ruled by the socialists . 
  the baltic states turned to fascism during 30s . 
  and like i wrote earlier , in finland they had witchhunts for communists . 
   also it was not just the `` upper class '' which was being persecuted by the soviets , the workers and farmers were exploited even harder , not to mention the slave labour and femines which resulted in tens of millions casualties . 
  i do n't think that any of the baltic states , finland included , had tens of millions of people to kill . 
  not even if you count them together . 
   as i thought , you 're just the same insane as all the left extremists are . 
  saying that one `` understands '' is n't the same as `` approves '' . 
  and please do n't call me an extremist . 
  you know very little of my political views . 
   the so called `` october revolution '' was just a military coup of lenin , there were few workers in russia and even fewer voted for the bolsheviks . 
  `` self-professed '' does n't mean the same as `` this is how things are '' . 
  it just means that `` this is how we like to be seen '' . 
  and dictatorship of the working class goes well with exiles of the upper classes . 
   i 'm enjoying our discussion , but i think we need to stop it here . 
  it 's really unfair to those deported and killed in exile to compare this with industry deaths of that time . 
  well , true . 
  i was only hinting that a lot of smaller griefs to a great number of people ( such as the life for workers in the 20s -- not just the industrial part ) is somewhat comparable to few huge griefs to a small number of people . 
  but i want to weight that i enjoyed this conversation too . 
  i appreciate the lack of downvoting on both sides , 
   that 's true , but we must keep in mind that we 're talking about post wwi europe . 
  there was really no time to achieve anything significant ( society wise ) before the wwii broke out . 
  most new democracies turned into dictatorships before ww2 started . 
  i think the expections were hungary and finland ( and in our case it was mostly because the two guys the extremists wanted to seize power were n't that interested ) . 
  and i ca n't talk about ( the other ) baltic countries , but in finland communists were witchhunted and industrialisation was intentionally put on the backpedal because it was feared that the workers might rebel in the poor conditions . 
   anyway , social inequality was still way better than labor camps and death in siberia for the countries most brightest minds . 
  well , social inequality is a great thing when you 're at the top , no matter what 's the alternative . 
  but of course this is n't fair , because the deportings were n't done by baltic workers , but russians . 
  but the social inequality did kill a lot of people , too . 
  factory work was hard and dangerous . 
  the children were malnutritioned and life was in general hard . 
  meanwhile the upper crust ate caviar etc. 
  free at the point of use , of course . 
  even if they were free ( in that definition of the term ) , most families could n't afford to keep their children out of work-force for nigh 20 years and then ( partly ) support them through university . 
  i do n't really understand your question . 
  soviet union was a self-professed dictatorship of the working class . 
  and working class had to be understood as an hereditary class from which is hard to rise to ( and even being poor does n't really make you working class -- marx was from a rich family and even as he did n't have much income for most of his life still lent money to fund his daughters music classes , because they were n't working people ) . 
  if you see doctors , scientists etc. 
  as aristocrats ( and lets be fair -- they were upper class , many times richer than the working class , able to afford big houses and servants ) and not important cogs in the society , then the exile to siberia was very understandable . 
  if i recall correctly , when soviet union started training people to specialised professions , they trained so many that the value of the profession ( eg . 
  the money you could demand ) fell strongly . 
  meanwhile the money for wielders etc. 
  rose strongly . 
  not to mention we started building it only after soviet union started making demands to our territory.before that , we had n't even invested money into our army for nigh ten years and mannerheim had been exiled from the ruling circles because his warnings of soviet threat was seen as warmongering . 
  then the soviets demands came , mannerheim was called back and the line was started to be built . 
  it was n't even finished when the red army came . 
  my favourite was from few weeks ago . 
  `` invading finland was morally ok because during the war you founded deporting camps and had mannerheim lead your army ! '', 
  i do n't disagree with anything you said , but remember that this was before universities were free . 
  doctors , teachers etc. 
  were all upper class-people , from upper class families . 
   `` we high equally , so we need to know your gender , race , and sexuality '' does this actually happen ? 
  because asking those is illegal in finland . 
   if you look at the range circles all of finland is covered . 
  this means that as long as you have access to a charger at your destination you should be alright . 
  good thing nobody wants to travel north from tampere . 
  places with high population density have public transport . 
  it 's the places with relatively low population density where you need a car . 
  i do know where i live ( the black dot 300 kilometres north of helsinki ( the big black area on the coast ) . 
  i always felt that it was boorish to write such things . 
  if absolutely necessary , `` lol '' ( without capitals ) will do . 
  perhaps some people do write the actual laugh , but i do n't really recall seeing it . 
  in comics it 's , however , written as `` hah hah haa ! '', 
  ( or `` he he hehee ! '', 
  ( girly ) or `` ho hohoo ! '',
