   what did europe have before neoliberalism ? 
  totalitarian fascism and communism . 
  i really hope you 're american or otherwise far outside europe . 
  sometimes more than 100 %, 
   absolutely not . 
  as far as i know , they cause no damage to the people in close vicinity of the smoker . 
  also , they do n't smell . 
  * university of california finds that the secondhand smoke from e-cigarettes contains certain harmful metals that are significantly higher than those in secondhand smoke from traditional cigarettes . 
  * http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/281762.php, 
  i beg to disagree : /, 
  suck it sweden !, 
  ( for once , we 're better ! ), 
  and driving helsinki is still reckless compared to sweden . 
  pedestrian crossing ? 
  what 's that ? 
  this is n't about meat production or consumption , it 's about animal rights . 
  while animal rights should be eu-wide thing , it currently is n't . 
   and that 's exactly why the concept of democracy has evolved beyond `` tyranny of the majority '' and now encompasses human rights , separation of powers , equality , free press , etc. 
  those are safeguards that not even nearly every `` real democracy '' has ( my home country is generally thought to be democracy yet we have a huge amount of human rights violations , for example ; ) . 
  what you 're basically saying is that only laptops are computers because `` the definition has evolved '' . 
   for example , there are plenty of states in europe that are democracies yet have a king as head of state . 
  since that is an equally simplistic definition for monarchy , that would mean that they 're monarchies and democracies at the same time , which is obviously nonsensical . 
  you are confusing republic and democracy . 
  i did n't say anything about west being bad . 
  i just mentioned - after being asked - that there was war in kosovo with a country that had democratic leaders and many european countries were involved . 
  i did n't say anything about the war being justified ( and it totally was ) because it had nothing to do with the question . 
  everybody knows why the war happened . 
   it 's you who are making the insane statement that a single formality is enough to call a country a democracy , regardless of how they treat their citizens . 
  do your own homework . 
  democracy literally means `` rule of the people '' . 
  so if 51 % of voting population things something should be certain way , then it 's democracy . 
  that 's not formality , that 's the very essence of democracy . 
  if 51 % of the voting population thinks that citizens should be killed under certain criteria , then yes , that 's part of democracy ( and that 's why usa is a democracy while some of their states have death penalty ) . 
  even if the crime is that they belong to certain ethnic group . 
  it 's called `` tyranny of the masses '' and it 's one of the reasons why democracy for most of recorded history was seen as an undesirable thing compared to monarchy . 
  source : any article on democracy ever , starting from plato . 
  i 'm sure you can back that up with references . 
  just doing `` elections '' is n't enough . 
  they have to have `` relatively legit '' elections , as i said above . 
  if there are `` relatively legit elections '' , then the country is a democracy , no matter what it 's up to . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do n't know what straw man is . 
  true . 
  but was serbia dictatorship or absolute monarchy ? 
  or were there relatively legit elections ? 
  because you did n't ask what the invaded country did , only that it was democratic . 
   really ? 
  tell me the last time the eu or any of its members invaded a democratic country . 
  kosovo war in the 90s . 
  i guess france has done some smaller stuff later , but idk . 
  i answered the wrong poster , sorry . 
  well , they are n't starting from scratch , are they ? 
  just digitalising the ussr gear . 
  baptization is what makes you a lifelong member of the church ( eternal , if you drink the figurative cool aid ) . 
  it 's a joining rite . 
  think of the 25 $ as cancellation fee . 
  i think the earlier poster was referring how you define as `` black '' or `` white '' . 
  i note that when reading american papers or watching media i get frequently surprised by who the source decides to call `` black '' or `` white '' . 
  i must admit that i have no understanding why continental europeans fancy those flags that seem like anaemic rainbows in horisontal or vertical setting . 
  i 'm not saying you should pimp them full of bling , but would think that you would at least do something with the colours so you could still tell who 's flag is who 's from a b/w picture . 
  honestly the only continental flags i can decipher are estonian and german . 
  and ukraine , because of their huge pr-campaign during the past few months . 
  and the finnish word for slave ( * orja * ) comes from aryan . 
  way too soon . 
   i am not the only scandinavian who used captions right ? 
  right ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  yeah , and north europe is denmark and germany . 
  i suppose the above was passive-aggresive way of pointing out how `` the real '' north europe gets cut out of these maps save denmark and the southern tip of sweden . 
  that would be northern west-europe , not northwestern . 
  if we get our ( us , eu ) per capita down by building our stuff in china instead of here , we are still the people who benefit from the emissions . 
  i get what you 're implying but not why . 
  that 's also not north-western europe , which would include iceland and a whole lot of sea . 
  it 's a bad idea to consider `` what would have occured today '' and only consider one variable . 
  back then the main concern was n't the population of few small isles , but the military value of the same . 
  who ever sets a naval base there has a permission to be a total dick and there 's very little anybody can do about it . 
  does n't help that stockholm is only few score kilometres away from the islands . 
  that it was militarised in the 19th century was the main security concern of the swedish government . 
  that we resolved the situation as we did is a great achievement , particularly as finland and soviet union went to war 20 years later for similar reasons ( finnish border being only 30 km from their capital ) . 
   and the biggest one ( rbs ) is majority owned by the uk government at this point . 
  if scotland and ruk would have parted ways , part of those stocks would have went with scotland , perhaps majority in exchange for leaving some physical assets in place . 
  because you live in finland and 10 euros is a nice even sum to pay for candyfloss . 
  ( actually you can probably get two for that sum on a good day ), 
  you may be interested to know that book-finnish was written so that it can be understood anywhere in the land . 
  regional finnish is shortened in similar manner to estonian ( and i ca n't really understand regional finnish from the other side of the country ) . 
  i guess that if finland and estonia would have been inside the same borders , the book-language would have attempted to incorporate more estonian words , so it would be understandable on the whole area . 
  i suppose this is also the reason why finnish is more understandable to estonians than vice versa . 
  most of them are horrible , though i think that the way the pictures have been added to the pdf is partly to blame . 
  many of the monies also look very `` developing world '' to me , but that would probably be because most nations i 've been to have been in the developing world . 
  there are few good ones , though . 
  but it can be said about the chosen one that it probably does n't offend anybody 's aesthetic eye . 
  that was probably from finland . 
  if the financial sector had only been interested in their own well-being , they would have asked how iscotland would have ensured that they could still do business from glasgow/edinburgh . 
  there are many multinational banks that operate in britain while having headquarters somewhere less central . 
  such as the biggest bank of nordic countries , nordea . 
  instead the financial sector bypassed the discussions entirely and went directly with `` if independence , we leave '' . 
  that 's not negotiation or wish to better their own lot . 
  i do n't believe it to be too far-fetched to say that cameron has close ties to financial sector and may have cashed some chips . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but if the autonomic region of \u00c5land wanted total independence , they are welcome to it . 
  it does n't really matter to me as a private person do they belong to finland or not .
