  we could as well compare peter 's europeanisation to japan 's meiji restoration , where the country imported european models by barrelful . 
  but we did n't really see kimonos becoming fashionable in europe , or philosophy texts or a lot of foreign students studying at tokyo . 
  as such , russia might be located on the european `` continent '' ( an idea which is mostly based on cultural concept and not tectonic plates ) , but it 's not really part of the european `` cultural sphere '' . 
  after all , we do n't define `` north america '' as involving mexico ( even as it does , with much better merits ) . 
   is this taught in finland ? 
  i 'm just curious , as it 's not in w. europe . 
  not in so many words , but the idea can be readily seen in swedish texts of the time and later in those continental maps where russia is drawn as a bear or octopus or something similar attacking humanised now-eu countries . 
  but this is largely just my interpretation . 
  i have n't seen a study of this to either way , though should probably look actively . 
  if one ca n't be found , might be worth trying to write it myself . 
   do you think this may have been two-way ? 
  western europe always saw russia as a ` mystical ' country because of its distance . 
  i 'm fairly sure i 've read that the political elite of russia intentionally limited contact to now-eu ( for lack of better term ) for religious and nationalistic reasons . 
  edit : also worth noting that russia has a lot of waterways that make it relatively near even from britain . 
  you could basically sail from london to the site of st. petersburg and swap to riverboat and continue all the way to moscow . 
  the trip was probably as easy as getting to italy . 
   it was n't really hanging on the sidelines , it was pushing further into europe , violently at a lot of times . 
  in case you did n't notice , i 'm a finn . 
  the local history is basically the list of russian and swedish border skirmishes . 
  never the less , russia-the-culture was never really spread inside the borders of the russian empire before the caucus report around 1900 , where it became apparent that russians were actually minority in their own empire ( which led to russification through the realm and hastened the fall of the romanov line ) . 
   europeanisation occurred heavily through the 1600s and 1700s with highlights being : introducing the julian calendar , changing the alphabet , recruited top scientists and foreign workers , and of course , built russia 's new capital ( st. petersburg ) deliberately close to ( and modelled on ) the europe of the time . 
  this was bringing europe into russia ( which was rather unpopular move for peter ) , but it was n't about being involved with europe -- that is , bringing russian ideas to european culture of that time ( whatever that would have meant ) . 
   additionally , territory acquired in modern day estonia , latvia , and finland , brought russia closer to the trade routes of central and western europe . 
  was n't this characterised as `` sleeping bear awakening '' ? 
  anyway , this was all relatively recent , from 18th century forward and afaik it was seen in the traditional area of europe `` diminishing '' , not russia entering it as a new player ... but i might be wrong on this one . 
  meanwhile , arabs , and later the ottoman empire had pretty aggressively taken ideas from the continent , given it its own mix and then bringing it back . 
  the fact that we even know about greek classics today is largely because the arabs had saved them !, 
  so in that case , the relationship was clearly give-and-take and started almost immediately after west rome fell . 
   after this , russia was intricately linked with european affairs , far from shying away . 
  russia was a major player in the two world wars and the napoleonic wars , as well as being the harbinger of communism ( which took over half of europe and created a divide to this day ) . 
  true , but then , so was usa   russia is sometimes described as the being the ` third rome ' , after ivan iii married his way into the byzantine royals , and highlighted his country 's faith to the byzantine religion of orthodoxy . 
  and this preserving of the true faith was a large reason why the interaction with the heretical catholic/protestant faiths of europe were so few . 
  it was believed there was very little to learn from the unfaithful ; due to which peter 's actions were so trastic . 
  the religious ban between the patriarch and the pope did n't really help . 
  and i suppose the former yugoslavia was n't part of europe either when ottomans reigned there ? 
  if we think of historial europe as starting from rome or greece ( as we often do ) , then we must admit that any borders we draw for the cultural sphere of europe ca n't be drawn in the middle of aegean sea ( through the middle of greek civilization , through roman capital , through the capital of ottoman empire which largely shared the borders with the former ) . 
  the shared history of uk/france is hardly one of non-involvement . 
  in larger context , uk has been playing games with the continent for centuries while staying itself relatively safe on the other side of the ocean . 
  the largest danger was really the armada , and even that almost took care of itself . 
   i believe all the evidence so far show . . 
  yes , all the preliminary evidence . 
  the un report that either proves or debunks the said evidence should be completed next week , iirc . 
   . . and not this bullshit russian porpaganda . 
  waiting for the un report on gas strike ( which was already hastened so that politicking could continue ) is hardly `` bullshit russian propaganda '' . 
  also , kindly do n't use words like `` bullshit '' when trying to have civilized conversation . 
  it just makes you look like an idiot . 
  friendly tip . 
  i tend to think of europe as a cultural sphere that excludes russia but includes turkey , seeing as how istanbul/konstantinopole was the centre of europe for thousand years . 
  meanwhile russia was always just hanging on the sidelines , intentionally staying out of european affairs and cultural advancements . 
   when obama did warn assad not to use its chemical arsenal , i thought it was a good idea to prevent heavyer civilian causalities . 
  indeed , this was responsible act from the leader of an important country . 
   however , now that they have been used , he need to act to keep his word , and i would support it . 
  usa has other alternatives to going to war . 
  they could offer help to the neighbouring countries in patrolling the borders and limit weapons etc. 
  getting into syria and also pressurise other political actors into doing the same . 
  it 's worth noting that ** the results of if syria even used chemical weapons are n't even in yet . 
  ** thus far all we have are rumours . 
  we should remember from iraq what happens if usa jumps the gun . 
   if assad will to relinquish its weapons , though this would be pointless , but i doubt assad is of goodwill here . 
  he is probably just buying time , but lets give him a week to have these chemical rounded . 
  weapons assad is n't proven to even have !, 
  and obama is rushing himself politically to situation where he ca n't not go to war even if the test results would prove to be unconclusive , setting us up with one more us president who ca n't go aboad after his term ends . 
   why should pedestrians move `` more quickly '' ? 
  lights are used because the area would otherwise be bogged by people travelling to different directions . 
  if we have a normal crossing where two roads with pedestrian walkways on both sides cross , this means we need - time for cars to go forward - time for cars to turn left or right without hitting pedestrians or cars driving forward - time when the lights are yellow - for pedestrians to walk across and the lights have to turn quickly enough that people do n't lose patience and overrun them . 
  i hear that at least in finland this is marked in splitting one minute into seconds and then seeing how many seconds are given to each . 
  the fun thing is , that the wider the road , the longer pedestrians need to cross it . 
  and usually wider roads mean more cars wanting to use it . 
  so too much green on pedestrians increase the proability and length of the rush hour . 
  of course , rush hours are possible even if the roads are less wide , but then the speed limit is lower as well and again ; probability of rush hours increases . 
  so , if we can shave `` needless seconds '' from one and give it to `` those in need '' , we improve traffic and make it more pleasant ... for cars . 
  the question ( and perhaps this is what you were asking ? ), 
  is why should we prioritise cars over pedestrians ? 
  pedestrians usually live on the area where they walk , it is their home grounds , while cars are just going from place a to place b , and the place with the lights is n't either . 
  should n't the area be a pleasant place live , rise children and grow old ? 
  too short pedestrian greens cause increased amounts of deaths on the road , when walkers start their journey over the road on green but ca n't complete it in time . 
  so , in effect , this is a question of allocating seconds in the best way possible . 
  the thing is , what `` the best '' is , of course , a political question . 
  is it more important to have a pleasant area on which to live or walk , or more important that cars can get away from the area in the fastest time possible ? 
  the soviets had real stats for internal use , separate from those for pr . 
  after all , you had to run the country and you ca n't do it if your underlings do n't report to you these things correctly . 
  after su fell , these internal numbers became public information . 
  though remembering the internal numbers for crime , the su did n't really have much need to falsify them in the first place . 
  finland went from top to bottom of this list in the 60s . 
  the prison-system shifted from punishment to education . 
  so the people in prisons tend to be people who are taught a new coping mechanism or trade etc. 
  for crimes like heavy overspeeding prison sentences were replaced with day fines , on the basis that if it hurts in the wallet , it probably educates as well -- much cheaper for the state as well . 
  portugali in finnish . 
  from the translators who also brought us `` englanti '' , `` espanja '' and `` italia '' , among others . 
  horrible map . 
  there 's only 8 percentpoints between deep blue and light blue , making that map incredibly misleading . 
  you pay the interest . 
  when you want to move you sell the apartment and use the money to pay the loan back . 
  and it works very well as long as the apartment 's price does n't crash or the interest rate does n't rise so high that you ca n't cover it anymore . 
  apparently in sweden it 's popular to take a loan for an apartment and only pay the interest . 
  good tactic if the house market does n't crash . 
  remember that the spanish building has an elevator to 20th floor . 
  28 floors is n't that much , particularly if you walk it daily . 
  there is n't really demand for work applicants who ca n't speak the local language , a requirement for most works i can think of . 
  if the job does n't have language requirements , it can probably be done via computer , in which case travel to said country is needless anyway .
