  and i really hate neoliberals . 
  even if you mean `` liberal '' as in `` democratic party '' , it 's still the worst western model in existence . 
  i do n't see you arguing for german style conservative-corporal model or scandinavian social democratic model ( and i do n't mean just the welfare programs ) . 
  if we talked about installing either of those models to usa , most us citizens ( i do n't know if that includes you ) would be somewhat offended . 
  to continue talking of the economic model , is the anglo-american liberal model ( as championed by imf and world bank ) the most advanced model ever ? 
  the economy goes up and down and there are a whole lot of miserable and poor people both in any country where such policies have been used ( compared to many developing countries where people are happy and poor , or continental or northern european countries where people are happy and well-off ) . 
   totally not someone 's puppet state and completely autonomous . 
  no state is ever completely autonomous . 
  we are sovereign , but so are other nations . 
  happy cohabitation means considering others ' needs . 
  russia can do a lot to fuck us over even without using gas or army . 
  as can all neighbours , at all times . 
  this is what happens when you 're not an island nation . 
   also i 've heard foreigners have n't heard of the concept of dividing all foods as either sweet or salty . 
  they usually grasp it for junk food ( chips vs icecream ) , but not for all foods . 
  everything from pizza , curry , porkchop to potatoes is `` something salty '' . 
  this is done in finnish as well . 
  i suppose it 's nice to know , seeing as how we 're neighbours and probably the most common foreigners in northern estonia . 
   if something is good we 'll say it is normaalne ( normal ) . 
   but i get a sense that most estonians have a special connection with forest . . ditto !, 
   finland could focus on holding the eastern border independent finland has never looked anywhere else than east . 
  everybody knows that you are n't going to attack and norway would have to rush through hundreds of kilometres of nearly unpopulated lapland before they hit anything interesting , so there is n't much sense in guarding that either . 
  the part about killing the illiterate was a joke . 
   people were oppressed if they were intelligent and if you did n't support the party you did n't get the car and the good food :p . and how is this different from any other society ? 
  visa europe is owned by banks and mastercard was ruled by banks till 2006 . 
  that 's pretty much the whole campaign of better together . 
   contraception use - 40 % not a moral issue  abortion - 47 % not a moral issue  i ca n't see any logic in this . 
  half the population uses a condom and if it fails , keeps the baby . 
  half the population does n't like condoms but thinks that fetuses are n't human . 
  and some just like big families . 
  it is if the casino were to be owned by the church !, 
   life was shit in ussr even if you `` did n't rock the boat '' . 
  buying every day things , like toilet paper , jeans or fruits was impossible , unless you knew who to bribe to get those things from under the counter . 
  my point was that back everybody had job from where they got money . 
  so there were n't jeans : you bought slacks . 
  no fruits ? 
  you buy vegetables . 
  today , the problem is that while there are fruits and jeans ( and nylon socks and many other products that stores were only stocked periodically ) , you do n't have money to buy them . 
  not to talk of regression in any other area of life ( the uncertainty of not knowing if you will have work tomorrow etc. ), 
  for example , for russia , human development index was 0.815 in 1980 . 
  0.730 in 1990 when soviet union was collapsing . 
  0.713 in 2000 when putin stepped into lead . 
  to compare , in the same time united states went from 0.837 in 1980 0.870 in 1990 0.897 in 2000 0.908 in 2010 and finland ( my country ) 0.759 in 1980 0.794 in 1990 0.837 in 2000 0.880 in 2010, 
   you 've got to be sorry for many of these people , lied to enough that they think life during the ussr was something to aspire to . . 
  in many parts of the ussr life quality has lowered visibly since ussr fell . 
  true , there was propaganda , but they have propaganda now ; it was harder to get out of the country , but few want to leave their country no matter how bad things get . 
  for the average citizen , things have gotten worse . 
  i do n't know what sort of hellhole do you think ussr was , but it was n't . 
  if you did n't rock the boat things were great . 
  sure , there were the infamous lines , but you know that you would reach the top of the line some day and you would get that food , that car or that whatever . 
  there 's no more line to counter , but neither do people have the money to buy what 's on the counter . 
  so close . . 
  i suppose that the eu parliament election shows how the rest of britain feels abut eu , which might make the scottish election similar to child deciding with which parent they should go in a separation . 
  there are many different varieties of apples . 
  usa probably produces varieties that are n't grown in europe . 
  the growth season is also different in in south-usa compared to most of europe , so buying apples from abroad is a way to keep the supply coming even when it 's off-season . 
  but usually we buy our fruits from the old colonies that became independent during 20th century ( they get preferred treatment ) . 
   but why would european farmers plant apples trees if consumers were buying american apples instead of european ones ? 
  i 'm fairly sure we have been growing apples longer than it has been possible to import them from usa in short enough time that they do n't rot . 
  and american apples are n't so good that it 's worth buying more expensive price to just get them , so they never became popular . 
  people also appreciate food more if it 's grown near them . 
  we were the same country till 1809 ( and any legislative changes between finland and sweden only happened starting around 1860s ) , so , yes , you would assume correctly . 
   in my personal opinion we haven \u00b4 t suffered from human greed in the extent that many other countries do by having a rich elite , and in developing countries fully corrupted people in power . 
  i think the generally held idea is that historical sweden-finland is above the magical line where the sun shines so weakly that we could n't produce enough food for both farmers and an occupying army ( the line goes roughly in the sea between estonia and finland ) . 
  this means that any ruler must rule with the permission of his subjects , as he ca n't really force them to directly do anything ( other than by threatening to gather an army and ship them to calm the situation , which was both time - and money-intensive ) . 
  the few soldiers stationed in any given village were easy to overpower . 
  thus peasant revolutions were feared , which led to more fair legistlation and and the right for land-owning peasants to vote at the parliament ( from which they were excluded in the southern states ) . 
  i do n't think greed has anything to do with it -- we 're as greedy as any people in the world . 
  but because we have gained wealth evenly , we 've seldom been in a situation where there was a clear line of have 's and have-nots . 
  the expectation would have been around 1890-1940 when the industrialisation suddenly started changing the situation , parliament not correcting it soon enough , which led to civil war and that in turn to a situation where the better-ofs saw the oppression of working class as justified . 
  the wars united the folks , but these days the `` greed is good '' people are again starting to gain traction . . but perhaps we shall stay away from the modern politics . 
  if you drive in norway , i expect things are like in finland and sweden that between every town there 's about 50 kilometres of forest ( or fjords or mountains or oil or whatever you have there in norway ) . 
  meanwhile in germany between every town there 's like 10 kilometres of homesteads and those upper-middle class suburb-houses . 
  so not only are there people who start to complain if their home road is in bad condition , but there are also people paying taxes to keep the roads in good condition . 
  on the other hand , moose and rabbits do n't pay taxes . 
  ( if things work in norway and germany as they do in finland , in that local roads are paid by the municipality ( from council tax ) and the e-roads by the state . ), 
   here in european cyprus . 
  as opposed to turkish cyprus ? 
  also , thank you for all the stuff you shared below . 
  impressive feat on a phone , i 'm sure !, 
  horrible situation . 
  not just that the medical records are public but that they can be used against marginalised groups in such manner . 
  if you want to open the conversation for us who are n't very familiar with ukrainian and russian geography , on which side of the border do these towns lie ? 
  it 's not the ideas but the guns and company . 
  made me really appreciate my home country even though we do n't have grandiose architecture going back millennia . 
  i suppose that 's what you get when you have one of the biggest nations ( by area ) in europe that most of it 's history has had less than 300 000 people living in it . 
  there is n't much demand for notre dames or colosseums . 
   excuse me ? 
  since when ? 
  we sponsored the creation of the eu , are 100 % behind it , encouraged it to militarily act , notably in libya and syria , and are currently engaged in talks ( that are , admittedly , likely to fail ) with the eu to create a free trade area . 
  not wanting to start an argument , but the eu usa want 's to see is n't necessarily similar to what the eu countries ( or their population ) wants to see . 
  stuff like the free trade area or many of the past neoliberal policies in eu were first suggested/lobbied by thatcher 's britain or usa . 
  policies like fta are likely to increase economic dependance on usa as bigger multinational ( american ) companies can out-compete the local ones . 
  so yes , it 's usa 's advantage that eu exists ( as it limits national democracy , particularly before ep was strengthened ) . 
  but it is n't usa 's advantage when eu tries to build independent military structure outside nato ( shot down by britain/usa in the 90s ) , independent satellite structure ( galileo ) , pushing euro to replace dollar as a world reserve currency etc. 
  also , usa likes to circumvent the union when it can play the countries against each other ( like with the visa-programs , or during the `` new europe '' - episode ) . 
  the eu usa wants to see is very much a slightly drugged stooge , not an independent operator on it 's own right . 
  it has been several times admitted that the biggest reason why usa wants to keep britain in eu is because without their somewhat different views on economics and the relation to usa keeps the eu 's local politics a mess ( and at worst , they can veto stuff that looks too `` socialist '' ) . 
  source : harvey 's brief history of neoliberalism , which admittedly is n't the most neutral book in existence . 
  deregulation of finnish governmental structure seems popular .
