  i hear that if you but a frog in a lukewarm water and then turn up the heat , the frog does n't realise that it 's being boiled and dies without trying to jump to safety . 
  i guess this is a bit like that . 
   finlandization is ultimately a product of coercion - it 's not really fair to use it to describe joining nato when nobody is forcing finland to do so . 
  it was n't i who brought finlandisation up . 
  anyway , russia has n't threatened us . 
  every soundbite on the subject from russians has been something like `` every country has the right to do their own decisions '' or at worst `` you have the right to do what you want . 
  it 's not our business , but you can guess that we are n't really delighted if you do '' . 
  and before and after statements like that we get stuff like our relations are excellent . 
  our economic partnerships do ( did ) dandily and russia is ( was ) sending a lot of money our way . 
  meanwhile pro-nato people have been going `` do it now before russia attacks !, 
  please read [ my message here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2en2m4/finland_says_nato_an_option_after_russia_violates/ck1pvas ) . 
  also , it 's finlandisation also if we start to bend to the other direction . 
  even during worst years of finlandisation , we did n't join warsaw pact . 
  five years ago i biked from germany through denmark through sweden to finland . 
  i tried to look at the european cycle route network but the only data on it that i found online was one jpg which was so small that the location of any road marked on the map apparently had width of 100 kilometres . 
  did n't help that the regional bike roads seemed to be unconstructed or badly thought out in western sweden . 
  my favourite was a detour of some 30 kilometres because one bridge was for cars only . 
  perhaps inside a single state . 
  the idea behind sovereign nation-states is precisely that you can do your own thing even if the majority * somewhere else * disagrees . 
  i feel that `` nato option '' is a bit like `` using nuclear weapons option '' . 
  it 's nice thing to have on the table , but if you actually use it you are n't going to make any new friends but a lot of enemies . 
  finnish foreign policy is very much a policy where you have to keep russia in good spirits because they are economically very important to us . 
  russia sees eu and usa/nato as different entities ( only one of them is building bases on russian border ) so that 's in itself a valid reason . 
  second is that joining nato on fulfilling the parts of the contract ( 2 % military spending , harmonising troops etc. ), 
  is only the first part . 
  signing the nato pact is pretty much like giving your little finger to the figurative devil . 
  after that many doors would be closed upon us and usa could pressure us by threatening to close some of the doors left to us . 
  i refer you to polish angst : they have to do a lot of sucky stuff ( like the cia black sites , support of usa in un during iraq gear-up ) because they feel that joining nato increased the danger to their borders but usa did n't promise them bases for security . 
  and if war came upon us , those bases would be important : without them russia will zergrush us as necessary evil in part of war with nato : we would be like denmark/norway during ww2 . 
  if we do n't join nato , russia might feel that spending time with us is a waste of effort or something they can handle later ( giving us more time to prepare for an eventual war/joining the war on our own terms ) . 
  i 'm sure similar ideas have been thought in poland as well , though their situation is worse in that on the other side of poland is the huge nato-germany and huge nato-france , while finland only has neutral sweden and small nato-norway . 
   perhaps joining nato would be less an act of self-interest and more an act of solidarity . 
   nato is the only option for a lot of the countries more directly threatened by russia , and showing where your loyalty is could be important to them . 
  we 've done the economic sanctions even as finnish economy is dependant on russia ( more than other eu-countries ) . 
  we have also stated that we believe in the eu defence policy ( helping other eu-countries if they were attacked ) . 
  not to mention that pretty much every land attack from russia to eu would have to go through either finland or baltia . 
  i believe we have done everything we can to show solidarity to other eu-countries . 
  this is different from joining team usa . 
  and personally i find it somewhat offensive that you are saying that only way to show solidarity to eu is to agree to junior partnership with usa . 
  on the other hand joining nato would certainly be considered `` a dramating happening '' . 
  is this bad ? 
  i was sure it was v\u00e5rt land . 
  well , live and learn . 
  alcohol poisoning is n't funny . 
  high number of those would probably be from syria and middle-east . 
  it 's conceivable that the people that sweden takes are those with ( higher ) education and/or understanding of english . 
  it 's different when they are from africa from communities where education does n't really cover stuff that you need to live in a highly modern state where there is n't much need for farmers , herders , smiths etc. 
  those people are harder to integrate - particularly as communication means hiring a translator . 
  slippery slope is a good argument when it can be shown that there is will to push it farther . 
  indeed . 
  also used by nigerian secessive movement few years back . 
  it 's a nice ditty but finlandia is better . 
  nordic people are still only human . 
  of course idiotic things are suggested and sometimes floated through . 
  but to tackle your quotes : the first one is still only a suggestion and will never pass the legistlation ( as i said , ncp shares government with the social democrats ) , the second one exists everywhere ( it 's not that it exists , it 's how it 's listened to ) , the copyright idioticy is the least of our problems on that field ( but hopefully reformation comes sooner or later - it 's been under debate for few years now and this might break the camel 's back ) , the guy who sleeps in the forest does n't have citizenship ( he 's italian ) , so is n't eglible for the state paying his rent , and the general is retired for 10 years now for a fairly good reason . 
  edit : and the money-thing is important because the topic under discussion was money transfers . 
  we have child allowances , progressive taxation and stuff like that , so stuff needs to be adjusted based on earnings . 
  ncp is interested in slashing it all , hence the conversation . 
  yes , it was in the news . 
  i 'm not too happy about the airspace violations , but russia has been doing these regularly since at least the mid-90s . 
  seeing as how we are ( were ) about the only neighbour with good relationship with kremlin , it really amazes me how they seemed to have intentionally antagonised us -- particularly as we were pretty much the only eu country who was pulling for russia without thinking about our self-interest like uk . 
   still russian military plane has entered finnish space [ 1 ] yesterday . 
  from rufed 's european neighbors only finland does not have official nato protection afaik . 
  seeing as russian military planes also flew over estonia ( which is in nato ) just some weeks past , i do n't think this is the best example . 
  several reasons . 
  they all have in common that helsinki sucks a lot of work from the rest of finland , meaning that the countryside is emptying and moving to helsinki . 
  - the area of helsinki people work in ( and want to live close to ) is a relatively small peninsula and a historical area , so you ca n't just build new houses there . 
  the housing that gets build tends to be for the upper middle class , who want big apartments on good spots . 
  - the area immediately west of the peninsula and reachable by bridges is on espoo 's side ( another city ) which is n't interested in developing the area . 
  this is now being addressed by building a metro past the rich area to the areas where working class people live . 
  ready in about five years if siemens does n't fuck up the train order , as they have few times said publicly they might . 
  - to the north large areas of land are unavailable or virtually unusable because some bright people on the sixties decided that there should be a freeway to near the centre of the city . 
  there 's also a huge private golf club there rented from the city on a token fee because city wants to help its citizens to have access to multiple sports . 
  alas , the membership fees just happen to be several thousand euros per year and on top of that sum you have to pay usage fee that 's higher than my rent . 
  - the peninsula to the east of the centre is apparently used as a `` green space '' and thus you can only build limited amount of housing there . 
  does n't help that army has a huge base on the area ( which includes apartments for officers ) , and they want to keep it ( it does n't have defensive worth , so the excusions are stuff like `` the area of base has rare plants on it because there are n't people here . 
  if we abandon the base , they will be destroyed , so obviously we should keep it '' . 
  - the land on the other side of the eastern peninsula is being developed , but it 's far from the centre ( and has two bottlenecks in the sea ) , so it 's easier to just drive a car to the centre from the neighbouring cities on the said highways . 
  - and land in there is near the coast as well and pretty dear , so city wants to get the best possible price out of it . 
  meaning housing for the middle middle class . 
  - does n't help that there are only so many builders and if too many are employed at the same time , they start to use less-trained workforce ( eg . 
  subsubcontracting baltics who are n't going to protest when the finnish contractor starts cutting corners in the cement-drying time , using bad-quality parts etc. ), 
  tl : dr ; there is only so much available land and you can get a good price on it , so why build housing for lower middle-class or for the working classes ? 
  end result : it 's hard to get cleaners ( office and home both ) in helsinki because you do n't pay the rent on the wages . 
  so the only people who live in the centre are the poor ( to whom state pays the rent , no matter how high ) , the students who rent huge apartments and share it with five or six people ( the price per square metre gets lower the bigger the apartment ) and the higher middle classes or the outright rich who can pay the cost . 
  back when i was working in a warehouse as a summer job , i met few such people ( they were finns ) . 
  at least one of them slept at their parents during the week , though , while family stayed in tallinn . 
  ** finland ** i 'm just going to go through the discussions we had at the finnish subreddit . 
  - finding good political weapons for the closing elections has been a bit hard . 
  against promises to the opposite , economy has continued to slowly wind down . 
  certain apathy that things could be differently starts to set in . 
  it does n't really help that social democrats and national coalition ( right-wing party ) form the government with help of pretty much all the smaller parties , leaving outside only the biggish centre-party and true finns ( which share the same voting base ) . 
  so any particular protest-votes would go to these guys , and now true finns have unveiled their weapon : * the finnish alcohol monopoly should be broken and alcohol taxation lowered * . 
  waiting to see how this shows up in the polls . 
  [ source in finnish ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2014081718579363_uu.shtml ) - the debate on mining rights continues . 
  we have had several mining related catastrophes during the last five years , but not only have the mining laws not been looked into , companies that have caused accidents can continue their operation even when they have been shown to not follow the law . 
  the ultimate is the talvivaara corporation that not only poisoned all the waters in the nearby lakes , had failed to follow the ( very lax ) directives and finally state bumbed more money into the corporation to ensure it would n't go bankrupt . 
  * the latest episode is that a researcher claims that the areas given for seeking valuable metals is too high and the government does n't want to see the risks of operating on extremely sensitive natural areas . 
  the bureau in charge claims that the landowners like the current practice . 
  - national coalition ( the prime minister party ) found a double whammy this week : first * ncp suggested that weekly working hours could be increases from 37.5 hours to 40 hours without increasing salaries * ( to help with international competition ) ( [ link ] ( http://www.hs.fi/politiikka/kokoomuksen+satonen+viikkoty%c3%b6aika+voitaisiin+pident%c3%a4%c3%a4+40+tuntiin/a1408327809598 ) ) , then their minister in charge of social welfare and health claims that * very few in finland earn less than 2100 euros/month and only marginally more than 2600 euros per month * ( [ link ] ( http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/kotimaa/laura%20raty%20lapsivahennys-24599 ) ) .
