  it 's not funny anymore . 
  please stop . 
  does n't spain have a king ? 
  were you visiting academia or a tourist trap ? 
  that might be a better argument if finns were n't over-represented at reddit in general and r/europe in particular . 
  ( finnish is just as distant from english as turkish . ), 
  then the products would n't have been competitive . 
  engels co-authored or even ghost-wrote many of marx 's books , but because he operated ( and later owned ) one of those textile factories with horrible working conditions , he did n't want to have his name on the covers . 
  bad for business . 
  he outlived marx and after retirement started publishing books on his own name . 
  usually they were tagged with `` based on marx 's notes '' . 
  well . . yes and no . 
  finnish has different words for the institution ( * valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t * ) and the collective of representatives who sit there ( * eduskunta * ) . 
  the name of the parliament house comes from the latter , which has popularised the word in modern finnish to mean parliament , but legislatively there 's a difference . 
  you would translate the sentence `` the representatives of the people gathered at the parliament '' as `` eduskunta kokoontui valtiop\u00e4iville '' . 
  the difference is slight , but eduskunta might also gather at president 's independence ball , but valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t ca n't ( because it 's an institution that exists in certain situation , while eduskunta is wherever the people are together as part of their tasks ) . 
  further : we had had * valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t * for over hundred years ( longer , if we count sweden ) at which point the estates were replaced by unitary chamber called the eduskunta . 
  the change of 1907 did n't abolish valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t , it abolished the estates . 
  sorry , this is a pet peeve . 
  / the powers of the state in finland are vested in the people , who are represented by the parliament . ], 
  not how the cursive does n't exist in the swedish version nor the english translation . ), 
  it was a very interesting conversation !, 
  thank you once again !, 
  i look at those flags and think of u/reilly616 . 
  though `` slave state '' meant quite different things then than today . 
  i remember some student of history remarking to me once that slaves had so many holidays ( something to effect of 200 ) that it was usually cheaper to hire a labour worker . 
  well , i stand corrected . 
  not really . 
  you can do it without circumcision , but it 's a bit more complicated than just a `` simple cut '' . 
  remember that when penis is erect , the foreskin covers the shaft . 
  consider what simple cut would mean . 
  also : cuts have scar tissue around them and they 're not elastic . 
  so cutting badly might actually make things worse . 
   still no one considers them [ toes ] weird or wants to chop them off . 
  anymore . 
  few years back i was interested in future predictions and several from early 20th century mentioned amputating toes for aesthetic reasons . 
  one that has been homeless for years due to drugs and alcoholism . 
  look , i 'm not a linguistic or an it-engineer . 
  i 've used bing , and it does n't work -- not in finnish nor in any other language that i understand well enough to do searches on , expect english . 
  i imagine it 's the same problem as with the famous '' [ pepsi rises your ancestors from death ] ( http://www.snopes.com/business/misxlate/ancestor.asp ) '' - myth . 
  if you translate something directly from one language to another , you change the meaning . 
  for example , if you ask `` how are you ? '', 
  in english , you expect something like `` i 'm doing well , and you ? '', 
  in answer . 
  if you ask that in finnish , the expected answer is a kin to `` i have slept badly and i think my mother is seriously ill '' ( saying `` i 'm doing well '' is pretty much an insult , as you 're dodging the question ) . 
  it 's similar with searches . 
  you get searches that are close enough that you go to the next page , while google would have had it right on by third or fourth result . 
  so when i type into bing `` fastest route from tampere to helsinki '' ( finnish cities , 200 kilometres apart ) , the first page of bing gives me the front page of the train company , three pages of cheap flights , the fastest way to airport , a page about hyperloop , how to get through russian border and finally how to contact people in the afterlife . 
  that 's the first page in full . 
  google gives me a map showing the travel time by car , train , walking and by biking , followed by the train schedule from tampere to helsinki , followed by info page of the train company for that piece of rail ( how it has been upgraded ) , a site connecting people who want to share the cost of gasoline while traveling , the front page of the intercity bus company , a page how the train can be so fast , more cheap bus tickets for the route by another bus company , a bulletin board discussion about optimal modes of travel for the distance and the state bureau raport on the rail between the cities . 
  you note how there are no airplanes , no russian border , no contacting your ancestors . 
  this has something to do with how bing 's database is in english , while google 's database is multilingual . 
  or so i 've been led to understood . 
  there 's a difference between theory and practice . 
  that 's why i wrote `` do n't really '' and not `` does n't work '' . 
  ie was the best browser in 2001 , but not in 2005 . 
  it was still the biggest on market . 
  i 'm going to guess you 're american come slumming ( if not , please flair up ) . 
  bing and yahoo do n't really work with languages other than english and most europeans do n't really use english when searching for information concerning their daily lives . 
  or alternatively : little less than five euros per citizen . 
  well , that paid her campaign funding . 
  i 'm going to use this . 
  thank you . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  flair up . 
  edit : i suppose you mean croatia . 
  what 's happening there ? 
  for `` some reason '' it 's not really an interest for our journalists . 
  thank-you for taking the time to write that . 
  but what 's a root-learning system ? 
   water ... no taste , no smell , ca n't be gripped ... `` water '' as we commonly consume it does have a taste : minerals if it 's from a well or a spring , perhaps some minute amounts of bacteria , fluoride if from a tab . 
  the taste is quite subtle and might not be apparent to a person who is accustomed to drinking liquids that have been mixed with flavours . 
  it 's still there , though . 
  while we 're on the subject , human mouth is extraordinarily sensitive . 
  i use small `` small portion '' smoothie bottles to carry water ( it 's easy to fill from a tab , does n't weight much ) . 
  cleaning one up for use is always somewhat a pain because no matter how many times you wash and dry it , you can still taste the minute amounts of fruits even after weeks of use . 
  i imagine it was extremely useful back when we still foraged the land . 
  from one sip we could tell if the water was spoiled and move away before it causes so many problems that the body ca n't deal with them . 
  it takes millions of years to go from fish to a bird ( because that 's a change of multiple steps ) , but a singular step , even a big one , can happen in a year or less . 
  you just have to have a big part of population to die off for not being able to consume food as effectively ( eg . 
  lactose tolerance , if cheese was the only thing you could eat for months ) or because your coat 's camo pattern is insufficient for the area ( sudden ice age and suddenly the white sheeps have better camo ) . 
  ( these are not real examples , but shows how the thing works . ), 
  when bananas are said to be `` intelligently designed '' , they ( should ) mean that humans have picked the most suitable bananas to spread their seeds and the less suitable to die off . 
  in nature , it usually works differently : predators ( and climate ) choose who die , and those who do n't die , survive . 
  you do n't have to be faster than the lion , only faster than the slowest . ), 
  they need to do way instain mother . 
  it probably relies on common understanding on what super market represents compared to other ways of getting items . 
  in other words : if you have small stores with whom you could say to have a relationship ( as i understand france has ) then supermarkets are cold . 
  this compared to countries where all stores are chain owned with a quick turnaround with employees . 
  so my translation was correct ? 
  i was confused when the previous poster made a distinction between `` free state '' and `` free dominion '' . 
  out of interest , what is the difference between dominion and a state in this instance ? 
  i did n't use `` state '' because i figured riik came from the root word reich , which i figured might also be a kingdom or a federation . 
  but you apparently feel that riik is more exact than reich ? 
  wow , that 's so technicolor and full of bling it does n't even look official anymore . 
  does `` republic '' in estonian really translate literally as `` free dominion '' ? 
  ( as opposed to the finnish `` dominion of equals '' ? ), 
  as i recall , at the time russia wanted to pacify sweden and negotiated a land border that was heavily on sweden 's favour . 
  sweden garrisoned the new border and by building olav 's castle on the russian side , the hostilities continued . 
  this just shows the influence of eu as a global superpower .
