  `` smaller state '' does n't always mean `` better state '' . 
  there is wise way of doing stuff and idiotic way of doing stuff and neither has anything to do with the size of public sector . 
  the clothes they have in old films and magazines look pretty stylish , though . 
  it seems that it all vanished in the 90s . 
  they sell petroleum and petroleum products . 
  god 's piss . 
  travelling in syria or getting money from isis is n't a crime ( afaik ) . 
  isis also employs people in support-positions ( cooks and whatnot ) which do n't involve killing people . 
  apparently isis wants really committed suicide-candinates to do the fighting . 
  brainwashing people to that extend does n't take just weeks . 
  ( this based on some months-lasting facebook interviews done with few finnish-rised people ( a couple ) who went to syria . 
  one of the interviewees ( a woman ) just huddled at the house to keep traditionalists happy and her husband moved gear from one place to another for months before telling the interviewer that he had taken part in the fighting and killed people . ), 
  i 'm just annoyed for the same reason as honey-badger was when it comes to saying stuff like `` this law is totally in the books '' ( eg . 
  it 's still observed ) when you mean `` as a curiosity it used to be legal to shoot welshmen and remains of that law still exist in the lawbooks '' . 
  it does n't really help your case that you say this from a position of authority ( `` i studied law '' ) . 
  you are intentionally giving the wrong impression and doing your best that the other party would n't fact-check . 
  he said he went to law school so i 'm going to guess no . 
  could you insult her with something that did n't directly tie to her sex ? 
  calling her `` cunt '' makes you look like chauvinist raging over women getting out of kitchen . 
  thanks . 
   she has literally no knowledge in the health field . 
  zero . 
  i ca n't outright name one finnish health care minister that would have been trained in medical field . 
  and we 've done ok . on the other hand , a lot of our medical care is devolved to regional level and the common view is that having doctors in charge has made the bureaucracy really inefficient ( as they do n't know first thing about competing contracts ) and really hierarchical , making them unhappy workplaces . 
  i get the very strong impression that you do n't know anything about echr and do n't want to learn . 
  echr is about the neutral judges and i 've never heard it be claimed that they are pulling toward home . 
  it 's one of , if not the best multinational agreement we have in europe and large part of keeping the rule of law when local highest courts get mixed up with local bad legistlation against basic human rights . 
  like hawaii , texas , new mexico and california . 
  human rights chartel is n't part of eu , only something that all eu-countries are part of . 
  the chartel is so that when you 're in violation you can be taken to in front of the european court . 
  i 'd say that 's really important , perhaps the most important part of the chartel . 
  not something to downplay as inconsequential . 
  it means you 're in good company . 
  that 's the definition of propaganda . 
  this sounds too much like propaganda to be believable . 
  do you have a source ? 
  other countries have great history and large empire : romania has the best broadband in the world . 
  u jelly ? 
  just because my username is that of a well-known patriot does n't mean i 'm a complete shill . 
  i just find it dangerous that we polarise russia as ultimate evil while forgetting that the media-hard-on usa had less than 10 years ago was much more intense . 
  crimea is nothing compared to how bush justified iraq war . 
  i do n't see russians asking why ukrainians hate our liberty or sending well-trusted authorities to lie on international tv ( instead of bad soap-actors in local ones ) . 
  does n't mean that i do n't support russian boycots wholeheartedly . 
  i just wish we had done the same thing ten years ago . 
  then it has to compete with usa . 
  i 'm curious why people would n't react so . 
  i thought this was an universal thing ? 
   denoting a region to denoting a style , and eu bureaucracy wo n't change that . 
   just wait till you start negotiating the next trade deal with eu . 
  it will be sooner or later as developed countries are busy building a framework outside wto were developing countries also have a voice . 
   that 's a very shitty example as mickey mouse is a trademark of a company ( disney ) , not a simple place name or style . 
  the point of all this is that the european food names are trademarks . 
  they are part of the very same legistlation that protects mickey mouse as disney-property in eu . 
  not really . 
  with wine ( and milk ) the geographic location is very important as the amount of light , the type of land , the bacteria , amount of moisture , the time ( date , hour of day ) of collection etc. 
  all affect the taste . 
  that 's why you get the stereotypical `` 1993 was an excellent vintage '' - wine talk . 
  because even when you make the wine in the same place , with the same people , with the same production steps , the taste still varies from year to year . 
  now imagine that if the difference between the bottles was n't just the year of making but the continent !, 
  indeed , but the paris convention was in the 1880s . 
  here it 's salad cheese . 
   in u.s. law -- which , let 's be clear , is what we 're arguing about here -- `` parmesean '' is not a trademark of any corporation . 
  these `` regional trademarks '' y' all have in europe do n't exist in our legal system . 
  as i explained elsewhere , you have signed treaties that make you honour trademarks granted in other countries even if they would n't be granted in usa . 
   the disney company is owned by shareholders , not workers . 
  i do n't know how you see europe , but the farms that together form a region have owners as well - they 're the stakeholders of the region . 
  and farms are companies . 
  which would make the regional trademarks similar to shared patents of it-sector . 
   since corporate entities do n't `` die '' natural deaths , their trademarks remain intact . 
  neither do farms or regions . 
   in the united states , a geographic region can not hold a trademark . 
  i do n't know anything about how things work there , but usa has signed the paris convention that promises that you uphold all trademarks that are legal in even one signatory country . 
  regional trademarks are legal in most eu-countries and japan ( on the least ) . 
  regional trademarks have owners - the farms that operate on the area . 
  there can only be limited amount of farms because there is limited amount of space and the farms have owners . 
  you could perhaps see this as the farms being the stakeholders of the regional trademark . 
   so for us -- yes , we can and do disconnect these topics because to us they are apples and oranges . 
  but in eu , they 're both examples of the same trademark-law . 
  and they 're examples of the same trademark law because to us they are the same thing . 
  while this is a question of viewpoints , it 's also a question of signed treaties and usa is n't upholding theirs . 
   it 's misleading yes . 
  most of these product are named after regions they are made in as i said , they 're regional trademarks . 
  the local community had worked centuries for the connotations the words have creating a certain unique way , taste and branding . 
  further , while the people have changed , the farms are the same as they were were centuries past . 
  they may even still be operated by the descendants of the original founders . 
  you could as well say that the disney company of 2010s has no right to the spoils of disney company of 1920s ( eg . 
  mickey mouse ) as none of the workers of 1920s no longer work there . 
   rounded edges is not a trademark or patent . 
  it can be . 
  cadbury has trademarked certain shade of violet , apple trademarked the min/max gesture on touchscreen and certain shapes for certain functions . 
  famously steve jobs was sure that android broke countless patents and trademarks that iphone had trail-blazed . 
  feta , chateau etc. 
  are regionally owned tradenmarks . 
  if  in 2011 , the wisconsin company won top honors for best parmesan at the highly respected global cheese awards in britain . 
  the winning cheese [ ... ] beat out the many italian contenders . 
  was a valid defence , we could say that europeans make better mickey mouse-comics than americans , so surely we should be able to call them mickey mouse-comics without paying licence . 
  or if we start making electric cars , surely we should call them teslas if they 're inspired by the original models ? 
  you ca n't disconnect these topics . 
  you only have one left-of-centre party ? 
  i did n't realise it was nc-flag , to be honest .
