  generally speaking ( i 've been counting votes ) we do n't really find that votes need to be disqualified for this reason . 
  if for some reason you ca n't draw the number yourself , you can ask one of the observers do it for you . 
   not sure about finland , but in germany everyone must have an id-card or a passport , it 's the law . 
  we have n't had that law since 1995 ( iirc ) , but life without one is rather complicated and has all sort of farcical elements . 
  ( like for picking a parcel at the post office you either need an id or a scrap of paper signed by a person with an id saying that `` i think that person is x '' - based on one youtube channel i have let myself be understood that any drunk who signs the recognition paper for a beer will do ) . 
  but for the sake of elections , the police issues temporal id for free . 
   well you 'd need about 70000 votes for a seat in parliament , so you 'd need some 14000 people you can trust to vote for you after managing to buy 56000 votes to get a single seat in parliament . 
  you do n't have to buy every vote . 
  let 's say that the party gets 65 000 votes by itself , then buying the rest of 5000 . 
  that might well turn the tide . 
  famously , bush won over gore with only 537 votes . 
  if gore had bought only few handful of votes and bush did n't , that would have changed the whole election . 
   imo if someone manages to pull something of on that scale and not get caught , they are so powerfull that at that point there are easier ways to subvert the nations ' democracy if the funder is named putin , he might well be happy to be revealed , as it puts the whole mandate of the parliament in question : did other parties do it ? 
  if not now , then perhaps in previous elections ? 
  and so on . 
   yikes is n't that a little racist ? 
  i know that finland is advanced enough to seem like the future , but unlike in wells ' time machine , the poor people have n't actually evolved into their own race . 
  also , how are you supposed to prove you 're a citizen ( or local in county elections ) if you do n't have an id ? 
   we do n't require id here because some people do n't have cars yes , and that 's why any id will do , and the photographer chose to use his passport . 
  you can also get a temporary id from police station for free if you do n't have driving licence , passport nor a dedicated id-card . 
  as i said , driving licence costs 2000 euros . 
  not everyone gets ( or needs ) one . 
   or ca n't get 2 hrs off work you have about two weeks to vote before the voting day ( the vote is sealed in an envelope and counted on the voting day ) and the voting day itself is on sunday . 
  the voting system should be such that it works even when there is n't any trust and you 're one step away from civil war . 
  i do n't really know nothing about netherlands ' political system , but i could well see that in some other country you would get accusations that some right-wing party with neoliberal agenda might get a lot of funding and the party gives some of that money to party members to buy those four votes each from people who have already lost their trust into system ( for one reason or another ) . 
  this seems problematic . 
  what stops people from buying the four votes ? 
  [ i remember seeing something similar on eurovision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj920cn2hma&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m28s ) . 
  it 's a passport . 
  in the picture probably for scale , but picked because you need an id to vote and the photographer probably did n't have anything else to prove their identity with ( driving licences costing 2000 + euros , but passports only around 50 euros ) . 
  ( i assume from the lack of flair and from not recognising a passport that you 're an american . ), 
  as / u/thevarmari said . 
  i 'd add that the names and numbers are printed on the ballot poster . 
  the posters are checked several times a day and frankly , the posters are rather hard to switch without somebody noticing . 
  ( the voting booths are rather crikety and the posters are attached on them by tape . ), 
   actual finnish for password salasana . 
  ( sala + sana ; hidden/secret + word ), 
  [ would be rather counter-intuitive to do this to the ballots . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/kug_ceezv6w ) we 're not russia !, 
  she 's literally jumping on top of democracy . 
  i 've assisted in several elections . 
  the finnish ballots are really easy to count : we just open the ballot box , every observer takes some ballots and then we pile them by the number . 
  after piling is done , we check that no votes are in the wrong pile , count the size of stacks , check the number against the total of votes given . 
  depending on the voting district and how tired the observers are ( eg . 
  did we do mistakes ) , this takes from hour to five . 
  the votes are then send to helsinki to be recounted , in case we fucked up etc. 
  note that it does have an extension , so some thought has been put into the design . 
  finnish , swedish and english . 
  [ for comparison , this is what finnish voting ballot looks like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fi/archive/a/a5/20121017123422!vaalilippu_kv_2012.jpg ) ( similar paper as the one op has is hanged in the ballot booth , but instead of boxes , they have numbers . 
  this way we can fit far more votes in one box , moving the votes from one place to another for recounting is easier , counting takes less space . . plus we save trees and money . ), 
  actually moscow is only 2500 km away . 
  what an amusing merry go-round this is . 
  menopause is a thing . 
  the definition of irony . 
  would be really nice if somebody would get to the election day with only good rhetoric and political views , instead of every other alternative being moved away by corruption . 
  this is n't how democracy should work . 
  ( for that matter , is it common that so many top-level politicians seem to have so many skeletons of greed and gluttony ? 
  `` free suits '' is n't exactly a hard bullet to dodge . ), 
  in finland most of the population is in few cities , south and on the coast . 
  as such , you only really needed the capital region and a few cities to get over 50 ( and the ballot was pretty close ) . 
  the countryside opposed because they knew it would wreck havok on tolls and subsidies - which it did . 
  the box does contain a mattress . 
  kela orders these products from manufacturers after seeing the samples . 
  there 's a bidding process , too . 
  as such they do n't have to pay middlemen ( when buying from hetm there 's at least two ) , there 's less logistics , no taxes ( that 's at least -24 % right there ) and buying in massive bulks brings the price down as well . 
  single player ftw . 
  the idea originally being something like vote per household and women being less civilised . 
  check mary wollstonecraft 's disputation on the subject * rights of women * written in 1790 ( iirc ) . 
  switzerland got theirs in 1971 and 1991 ( in the last canton ) . 
  the ( finnish version ) of the events is that when the tsar won the finland war in 1809 he took over the region as a grand duke which is a completely separate office from his office as the tsar . 
  thus finland and russia were in a personal union . 
  the fact that finland had separate citizenship , money and legislation ( we applied the swedish legislation with `` king '' replaced , where the grand duke had notably less rights than the tsar had in russia ) . 
  finnish independence is dependant on the fact that without a tsar , the russian republic did n't have any hold over finland . 
  the mensheviks disagreed ( claiming finland as part of the russian state ) , but the bolsheviks agreed and they won the civil war . 
  hence , freedom . 
  andorra is independent of france since 1814 even as the french president still acts as the co-head of state . 
  australia is independent even though it shares the head with britain . 
  wyoming of today is a * federated state * and has been since 1890 . 
  i believe territories are counted as provinces or something like that . 
  the question of `` country '' is most dependant on who has the ultimate right to make laws ( it would be usa in this case ) . 
  there were actually two conversations going at the time . 
  for quick background , we were using the same system as sweden had been using in 1809 , where male nobles , priests , landed farmers and burghers ( back when living in a burgh meant you had really made it ) could vote , for the grand total of 5 % of the population . 
  this needed a some sort of revamp , and the estates asked themselves if : - ... the voting rights to be extended to women of the above mentioned classes ( that is to say , wives of priests , and farmers , burghers and nobles of all sex ) . 
  - ... the voting rights be extended to all men who pay taxes . 
  it 's their country too !, 
  - ... the voting rights be even further extended to working class women too . 
  to these positions , some people from the estates ( including some feminist unions consisting of men and women from estates ) only pushed for voting rights for estated women ( which would have increased the voting franchise to about 10 - 15 % of the population , iirc ) . 
  meanwhile , the workers ' unions ( consisting of the people who did n't have the right to vote ) were busy pushing for the `` if you work , you vote '' - line . 
  as these unions were staffed not only by men ( the wages were so bad that all capable people in a family unit had to work ) , they were pushing for universal suffrage . 
  this meant that if the estates voted for right to vote * only * for men , the new bigger voting base would probably immediately elect a parliament who would further extend the franchise . 
  this left the first model ( which was really archaic and thus did n't finally have a chance ) and the one we went with . 
  it 's worth noting that even though the estates were abandoned after 1907 , people from estates were voted to the new parliament for decades afterward and to some extend they had some special considerations compared to people from other classes . 
  the example i 'm very fond of is the criminalising of gay relationships soon after the new parliament took office , where estated , lesbians voted for banning with the understanding that it would only apply for workers ( it did ) . 
  while it was a great accomplishment at the day , the world was n't ready after voting rights -- concerning the parliament , we 're ready when about 50 % of the members are female and members get assigned to committees independent of their gender - something we 're yet to accomplish . 
  ( closer every election cycle , though . ), 
  we got kicked out in 1809 and have been trying to get back ever since . 
  * to give people tools ( skills ) to not get into prison again . 
  * give citizen training ( many have flunked basic education ) to these voting fits well . 
  the idea is to rehabilitate and make them do something else in the future . 
  if you disagree , a link would be nice .
