  i was somewhat surprised that these guys just marched to the immigration armed to the teeth , and the officers were like `` cool , can i take your photo ? 
   but i do know that he based his ideas on philosophy . 
  application of philosophy to scientific problems is not wise . 
  i get the impression that you may not know much about philosophy save what they covered at school . 
  philosophy is the science of coming to logical conclusions when there is n't much previous research on the topic ( and you may or may not have a library with useful bits and pieces ) . 
  in this sense , philosophy was the best possible field to approach this information : statistician would n't have known to check government reports and journalists would n't have had time dwell too deeply on the subject . 
  ( all the other fields that might have been suitable were created on marx ' example . ), 
   marx 's theory is a top down purposefully build belief system . . 
  i do n't know how he wrote his books , but he claimed to be approaching from bottom-up , as he had always found the hegelian tradition of up-to-bottom to be ridiculous . 
   marx 's theory is a top down purposefully build belief system , not a result of gradual and iterative scientific process of guessing the theory , computation of its consequences and comparison with observation . 
  you do n't sit 30 years at a library nor earn a doctorate without doing iterative thinking . 
  also , your idea of what `` scientific process '' is seems to be heavily stem-specific . 
  scientific process works differently based on the field of science . 
  the only general rules for scientific process is `` cite your sources '' . 
  marx did this at ridiculous lengths . 
  the productivity had been going up for 150 years at that point , which had shown up as need for less and less educated labour , which in turn had turned into worse and worse wages . 
  i would n't say `` always '' . 
  the real change happened sometime in the early 1980s . 
  it 's really a question of popular culture and soviet union being notoriously bad at creating or promoting anything that stuck outside its borders . 
  i asked my dad where he was when moon landing happened . 
  he did n't remember , said that those space things were happening so often at that point that it did n't seem any more important than anything else that had been happening the previous ten years ( my dad was 20 at the time ) . 
  he said he was somewhat surprised how since the 1990s the moon landing was starting to be so heavily brought out as `` the big thing '' of space expansion . 
  the workforce was treated so badly they were dying in factory cities at the age of 23 . 
  in mining towns , children of both sexes were put to mines as young as 5 , where they ( due to heat ) were working naked and without other education than listening to their elders until they were teenagers ( at which point they started using only pants -- a huge uproar for victorian sensibilities ) . 
  in factory towns , the children also started working at five -- but got ( legally mandated ) education from teachers who did n't know how to write their own names . 
  even the culture was changing : marx ( who loved examples ) tells us that it was illegal to tend your garden on sundays because it was against god 's will , but nothing stopped you from working at the factory for 16 hours on sunday , because shutting the machines would cost a lot of money ( 1/7 ) etc. 
  further , marx showcased how this situation was the natural conclusion on how legislation had been changed during the past 200 years where the social contract between lower castes and higher castes had gotten more and more one-sided to the point where the lower castes did n't have any rights at all . 
  for example , scottish lords were re-defined from custodians and spokespeople of their lands to as the owners of the land , who then exiled their subjects to cities to better use the area as cattle farming , thus creating cheap labour force for the factories . 
  legal rights between people were different , too : factory owner who contracted a person to work in their factory for two years got fines if they broke the contract , but the worker would have gotten taken to prison ( further , if they refused to work after prison sentence , they would be sent back to prison until contract had been fulfilled ) . 
  this was due to the voter-base was limited to the richest people on the area , meaning that the judge would be dependant on the vote ( and money ) of the factory owners . 
  in effect : marx showcased in several manners using legislation and statistics how the situation of the `` common man '' had gone gradually worse for centuries . 
  he further explained as how factories made the need of non-educated employees more and more necessary compared to educated ones ( say , trained textile workers ) . 
  as such , the workers ' negotiation position would get worse and worse as the employees had less and less training to exchange for money . 
  meanwhile , factory owners used this better negotiation position to gain surplus which they then used to buy even better machines ( which created greater amounts of money per employee , so as the amount of manufacture went up , the labour expenses both absolutely and relatively went down ) . 
  further , as all the money came from the work of labour , even the machines were ultimately bought on the labour as well , so in essence the labour force was digging their own grave , in worse and worse conditions ( longer days , worse conditions , deaths were common ) while their children were left without education and ultimately died just as higher castes were seen to come to an age ( at 24 ) . 
  this was heavy sociological critique which was based on reports commissioned by the british government themselves . 
  marx 's part was putting it all into one narrative , a job that took him decades of sitting at the national library . 
  all in all , the economic part was really rather small part of the whole . 
  capital was written before philosophy branched into economics , sociology , political science etc. 
  and as such , marx 's book was dipping into all of them . 
  it 's understandandable as that as we got more information , the theories were were defined and redefined . 
  but for example , marx ' class theory was developed into bourdieu 's class theory which is still being used without critique ; marx 's way of descripting labour force went to see a lot of use in social policy , marx 's observation that contracted labour produced more than slaves went to be used in foucault 's theories , many globalisation theories take root from marx ' observation of looking for cheap resources worldwide etc. 
  ( just to name few from the top of my head ) . 
  that he got some economic theories wrong does n't really disqualify him as a scientist , as it does n't disqualify newton that he did n't invent relativity or that darwin thought that people actually descended from modern apes . ^ 1 they were still breakthroughs . 
  -- ^ 1 if these examples are n't waterproof , please do n't be too harsh : i 've studied social sciences , not stem . 
   pretty fucking cool - to be the first man who has left the bonds of earth . 
  it 's easy to think about `` first in space '' , but in a way it was just a logical jump from aeroplanes . 
  think about the people who were the first to jump into an hot air balloon . 
  those people did something outside of human imagination !, 
  the first people to leave the ground !, 
  gagarin did a similar world tour . 
  i ca n't remember where i read it , but it was similarly enthusiastic as with armstrong few years later . 
  apparently you have n't read capital . 
  he was in the library reading government reports on workforce - a task that took decades . 
  half of his books were government commissioned observations and statistics with the other part being conclusions based on them . 
  it 's really excellent research . 
  the fact is that nobody ever says that marx did poor research or used the sources badly - that 's why the whole sociology of work begins with capital i. 
  sure , he might have gotten the ultimate conclusion wrong , but that 's science , too . 
   i think this has little to do with marx but with what free people elect if they have the means . 
  i marx ' time only rich people had votes . 
  and there had been unequality and general bad conditions for labour class for over a hundred years before marx wrote communist manifesto ( and later , capital i ) - and things started to improve almost immediately after . 
  i 'm going to skip the whole violent revolution topic due to being in some hurry . 
  you do some good points , though . 
   no it was not at all . 
  it was brought to us in direct competition with marx - we hated the communists and did it anyway , nbecause it is nice and cozy and we could afford it . 
  remember that when we speak of marx ' time , `` communists '' was an umbrella term for socialists , communists and social democrats . 
  in nordic countries , for example , it was the social democrats who did all the changes i listed above . 
  in usa , the labour unions who fought for the eight-hour work week did so because marx had set the example . 
  the labour unions themselves were creations of class consciousness . 
  holodomor was n't solely due to violent revolution , though . 
  the world has had countless violent revolutions that have n't ended up with people eating their children . 
  even if we assume that holodomor was the direct cause of marx ( and not at least twice removed ) , we 'd still have to take into account how much good marx brought to the world : the whole `` western quality of life '' with 8 hours work-days , saturdays free and enough breaks to actually survive to retirement age , with wages high enough to support educating children etc. 
  is largely thanks to him ( and people he inspired ) . 
  not to mention that imperial russia itself was a shithole with de facto slavery , huge socioeconomic injustice etc. 
  the fact that people tend to think lenin/stalin as improvement over tsars ( even with gulags , holodomors and whatnot ) is a testament on how badly things were before . 
   that maybe . 
  but violent revolution was unlikely to improve overall conditions . 
  marx could have known that . 
  well , it was unlikely to make things worse . 
   read archipel gulag and come back to me . 
  that may be . 
  i tend to underestimate mankind 's ability to be shitty toward each other . 
   which party was marx actively involved in ? 
  the communist league , to whom he wrote the manifesto to . 
   a politician is someone who engages in politics with the goal of representing any section of the state . 
  marx though that the communist revolution was nigh in the 1840s and he would help guide the states there . 
  more generally , i 'd say that politician is someone who engages in politics * with the goal of changing how things are done * . 
  after all , you can also be a politician in the context of labour union ( they elect their leaders ) or a tenant council , for example . 
  or you can be the ruling member of a political party without yourself holding a public office ( even as people who hold public office count you as their leader ) . 
  also keep in mind that in a dictatorship/oligarchy the opposition is still composed of politicians . 
  lenin was a politician before 1917 ; and this is n't a retroactive title that was bestowed to him because he was successful . 
  however , that 's what it says even in a dictionary . 
  wikipedia starts by saying :   a politician ( from `` politics '' + '' - ian '' , from the greek title of aristotle 's book \u03a0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b9\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac `` politika '' , meaning `` civic affairs '' ) is a person active in party politics but in the interest of taking the conversation forward , what do * you * think politician is ? 
  he was n't actively engaged in politics ? 
  why do you think he did n't live in the germanies ? 
  also : keep in mind that `` being involved with politics '' meant a bit different in a culture where all political offices were passed on hereditarily or the elections were heavily limited . 
  marx was politician in the definition that he had opinions and got them published with the aim to change the politics and by taking part in the operation of a political party . 
  also , conversation/dialogue assumes that the other party is ready to defend their views by facts and explanations , not just by repeating assertion constantly . 
  the communist manifesto was written for the needs of communist league . 
  it was a political action , meant to cause political repercussions .
