  so service meant decision to fight abroad in hope of surviving and gaining citizenship . 
  compare to us `` service guarantees education '' and `` service guarantees employment '' - pitches . 
  in both systems the amount of soldiers compared to the population is fairly small . 
  so it 's possible to continue living your life `` normally '' even if the country is at war . 
  on the other hand , when conscription involves the whole population and also the reserve , you ca n't keep a peace-time society running while also being at war . 
  not only because of lack of resources , but because war itself means that most men ( iirc , every man between 18-45 or to 65 if you 're officer ) would be on the field . 
  so going to war needs the consensus of most of the voting block . 
  which leads to . .  you do your service , you are taught to defend finland but you do not exit thinking everything that your government says is correct , there is a big distinction between government and country . 
  the trained soldier moves to reserve knowing he 's prepared to fight a war that ca n't be started without he voting for it or at least without public consensus ( as measured by gallup ) backing the course . 
  so the government that oversees his training is n't the government that would decide if he will be asked to serve . 
  i 'd say this view blurs the line of government , nation and it 's population . 
  most finns do n't really do a distinction between these three ( this being my personal opinion , not a study ) . 
   many russians were loathe to report problems under the soviet system , but they did happen . 
  i know . 
  this is a problem with all systems . 
  but soviet crime reporting system was n't immediatelly rehauled ( or , perhaps , rehauled at all or not rehauled to the better ) after the fall of bolshevism . 
  and even if it was , people would n't have thought so . 
  so immediate jump ( and even a general trend upward afterward ) would tell us that the people who did report crime before 1990 reported crime after 1990 as well -- and they did more of it . 
  i remember also reading that even today russian police are n't particularly enthusiastic in cataloguing crime where you do n't have clear evidence on who to blame . 
   i would n't say what the us did was particularly right either , but i think you accidentally more than a word . 
  i 'll save my countrymen some trouble : sweden is # 9 , finland is # 7 !, 
  we won !, 
  ( denmark is # 2 and iceland # 1 , but who cares ? ), 
  in other words , few more examples in how the european human rights convention is limiting britain 's sovereignty . 
  we appreciate qualities that are rare around us , not noting what we have . 
  10 % of our electricity is produced with gas from russia . 
  we also use gas to produce electricity . 
   you 're listing the stuff that americans today realize is wrong . 
  i 'm answering to / u/player276 's claim that * nope , everyone hater their [ soviet union ] guts , and they were always knows as the crazy , corrupt , oppressive regime . 
  * i was trying to show that if everyone and always includes people living in the late 50s through 70s , soviet union looks , if not excellent , then at least a good alternative . 
  soviet union did n't look particularly crazy , corrupt or oppressive compared to what usa was doing at the same time . 
   no one here is defending why a bunch of kids in the ohio national guard shot into an open crowd of college students no one today is defending what happened in the kent state , but back in the day none of the shooters were judged guilty , the gallups said that the students were to blame on the event and the establishment ( including nixon ) said that while regrettable , the actions were justifiable . 
  i was trying to show how actions like this ( and also vietnam and monroe doctrine edit : and watergate ) make what ever soviet union was up to at the same time ( again , 1950s - 1970s ) look fairly ok .  no one here is claiming that the usa is perfect ( far from it ) but that does n't justify invasion . 
  i 'm not claiming it is . 
  regardless of my username ( which i did n't realise would turn topical anytime soon ) i 'm not particularly pro-russian . 
   human nature is showing through the actions of russia today , and we 're watching with wide eyes because we have access for the first time , during these types of crisis , to actually research and hopefully access truth still . 
  yeah , russian imperialistic tendencies are showing themselves again . 
  but what do you mean by `` access for the first time '' ? 
  wars , invasions and such have been reported live ever since vietnam 50 years ago . 
  and live research has been done at least since 1980s . 
   nowhere in eastern europe was a free election possible after the end off ww2 until more or less the fall of the berlin wall . 
  budapest and prague were the direct result of countries getting a bit too democratic . 
  indeed !, 
  but people in the west still found ussr propaganda of a better system endearing and `` soviet peace nukes '' were n't seen as a joke . 
  partly it was because even with all the fails reported , they also saw similar fails in the western system . 
  on the ground level , it was hard to see who was right and who was wrong . 
   note that whilst people protested in the west , there was very little protest permitted in the east . 
  true . 
  but protesters were also painted as communists in the west . 
  and being painted as a communist could make you unemployable or even get you shot . 
   more or less all healthy young males were conscripted and then went to reserve status . 
  soviets were taught that support of their country was everything and do not dissent . 
  there is n't anything wrong with conscription and reserves per se . 
  many western countries used the system ( and my country still does ) . 
  teaching kids to be patriotic is also something many countries does - in this context , we may perhaps remember that in many us states they swear wealthy to the flag daily at schools and teach how usa is `` the greatest country on earth '' , `` leader of the free world '' , `` number one '' etc. 
   there was a big black market and organised crime to support it , but when media is state supported , it does n't get reported hence the wide perception that crime `` happened '' from perestroika onwards . 
  i would recall that the statistics collected for the use of politbyro ( and not for the public consumption , which , of course , were separate ) did show that reported crime rates skyrocketed after the fall of ussr . 
   i love it , mention the usa during the cold war but completely leave out the soviet action and the context behind it . 
  well done !, 
  if you could n't tell , i was writing about the popular opinion of 60s and 70s in europe among the people who did n't follow or study global politics . 
  i was n't writing a thesis on what su and us did during that time -- only how it was seen . 
  much of the context was only revealed years after after su fell and the people involved died in us . 
  but no , i 'm also not a history student , so there might be holes . 
  well , you 're right there . 
  forgot that one . 
  but again , at the same time usa was toppling governments that were n't willing puppets in latin america for pretty much the same reason . 
  the first , operation pbsuccess , started over year before hungary . 
   soviets have numerous military bases and installations all over europe ( see : warsaw pact ) . 
  they had three divisions in east-germany , a lot of air-force bases ( in every warsaw pact country ) and so on . 
  they got even one in finland , porkkala . 
  when i say `` involving '' i mean rolling military in to bring back control or otherwise taking part in active warfare , like what usa did in korea and vietnam . 
  the warsaw countries had the bases `` willingly '' . 
  people did n't understand what danger they were until prague spring happened . 
  before that , it was just eastern nato . 
  and porkkala was given back in 1955 , when the lease only expired in 1994 ( and could have been extended further even then ) , proving that soviets were a peaceful lot . 
  it was always seen a threat , similar to what happened to crimea during the past months . 
  that soviets abandoned it brought them a lot of goodwill . 
   nope , everyone hater their guts , and they were always knows as the crazy , corrupt , oppressive regime usa and their regime-topling was n't exactly above board either . 
  vietnam expansion to cambodia etc. 
  lost a lot of points for usa . 
  there was kent campus , there were people hiding from conscription ( and remember : rich kids did n't serve ) and of course capitalist system means that people who did n't conform died homeless . 
  usa is a two-party system and it was ( and is ) fairly easy to cast as non-democratic way of ruling , particularly as we remember that the whole economic sector was outside democratic control altogether and more than willing to fund the the two parties against each other . 
  meanwhile soviet union had n't really involved themselves militarily in any way before prague spring , the corruption seemed under control ( as in , usa seemed worse ) etc. 
  there is a reason why the `` soviet peace nukes '' was n't an oxymoron while usa was seen as a genuine threat ( edit : and `` bringing democracy '' is pretty well known joke about bombing country to a stone-age ) . 
  and then we must remember that soviet union had run an impressive pr-campaign on scientific breakthrough since mid-50s , showing they were the absolute forerunners on this stuff worldwide . 
  all soviet citizens were fed and the cities looked clean . 
  and it seemed like there were even better things coming . 
  if this did n't bring you respect , then nothing did . 
   they had their own fair share of firsts during the space race . 
  are n't pretty much all the `` firsts '' soviet save the moon landing ? 
  personally , i think the wind turbines look really cool and modern . 
  are they actually putting all those top secret files on a platform that 's ran from usa ? 
  at least with the earlier versions you could at least try to keep the data from flowing outside the building . 
  the ~ ~ winter ~ ~ wind turbines can be built on sea floor . 
  i assume malta is n't the visible part of some undersea mount everest . 
  ( edit : fixed that autocomplete typo . ), 
  well , you did say your opinion was relevant `` as a native english speaker '' . 
  i pointed out that just being a native speaker is n't enough . 
  that is n't about you , but about your merits . 
   about making choices , being gay , adoption etc.
