  / r/suomi if you speak ( understand ) finnish . 
  and even if you do n't . 
  if immigration were the main problem , we would encounter similar reports in all swedish cities and towns with higher immigration ( and in some towns the numbers are staggeringly high , as lack of employment has driven the young to cities ) . 
  this is n't the case , so the problem ca n't be immigration itself . 
  malm\u00f6 's big problem is n't immigration , it 's that the projects have turned into a location for gang war . 
  saying the problem is immigration is a bit like saying that fast food is the main reason for why americans are fat . 
  it helps , but the problem is somewhere else . 
  when i get an electric car , it 's going to have manual gears as well . 
  well , for one thing napoleon did n't start wars . 
  and many of the wars he fought was because the neighbours did n't want a case for citizen rights to exist . 
  sanctions affect rouble as well . 
  ah , north-western europe . 
  does n't have norway past oslo and iceland has been removed completely . 
  even ireland is half-missing . 
  if you remember , the discourse was that taking group photos with neonazis and then calling for fight against multiculturalism on breivik 's big day was rather suspicious . 
  you might get some slack if you 're a county-politician ( the quality in those are n't very high ) but immonen is an mp and you 're supposed to report stuff like this . 
  if it does n't always happen , the fault is n't here but in those other cases that are n't reported . 
  regular finns were asked to condemn this . . and when they did n't , that 's when the big gear started rolling . 
  and it is n't like these faux pas ` es are n't done by anybody else . 
  it was n't that long ago that greens got shit for talking about `` removing the safety ( of a gun ) '' . 
  or when coalition started talking about those extra-benefits for immigrants . 
  or when centre was accused of taking bribes . 
  you can either close the ranks ( say this is the semi-official line is the party ) or apologise . 
  ( greens apologised , coalition and reg . 
  finns closed ranks , centre switched the top politicians ) . 
  well , that may be . 
  however , i 've heard a lot of talk about keeping borders open when unemployment is so high ( plus i get a lot of downvotes when i mention that free hands are n't enough for aptitude ) . 
  there 's only one crosspoint . 
  i 'd link but they get caught in the auto moderator : /, 
  i 'm open for alternative interpretation . 
  but we 're talking of people who very strongly and aggressively push for `` traditional values '' : if gays marry , soon marrying your dog is legal too ; no immigration ; this worked in the 60s , it will work now ; what would veterans think ? 
  arabs ( barbary states ) used white slaves . 
  new stock was bought from pirates who had their bases in north africa . 
  britain was n't interested in stopping the activity ( by protecting merchants and hunting pirate vessels ) . 
  if anything , regular finns are ultra conservative and ultra centre . 
  racism and wishing the 80s never ended does n't make you a nazi . 
  would be interesting to see how these stats change by decade . 
  jews were generally better educated than world population as a whole , but as the world has gotten richer , i would expect the amount of jews in the prizes would lessen . 
  i 'd say the surprise is n't that they 're unsure , is that they 're comfortable enough in their skin to not default to hetero . 
  so did you : that things were once one way , does n't mean they have to be so forever . 
  a world and it 's values were rather different 70 to 100 years ago . 
  100 years ago , for example , it was still ok to beat a child and ( in many locations ) your wife , too . 
  i also have a magazine from the 30s where they interview a guy who had personally shot 17 bears . 
  he was a hero ; now he would be the villain of the article . 
  we also did n't have recycling , environment standards etc. 
  60 years ago the president of finland constructed an addition to his sauna - a swimming hall . 
  the ( now dreamy-looking ) sea coast to which his sauna bordered to was so badly polluted that not only was it undesirable to swim in , it was undesirable to * smell at * . 
  cutting down forests is pretty much the same thing . 
  instead of spending time in the forests , people relax by flying to the sun or going to cinemas . 
  but not everybody has money to fly or go to cinemas : the animals certainly do n't . 
  the new trees will be ( have generally been in ) rows to maximise growth . 
  this is not only unanaesthetic , but the trees grow faster and are n't as `` strong '' as trees that have grown without forest husbandry . 
  * edit : meaning that they are n't really suitable for anything else than pulp . 
  the new trees will generally be all of the same species , meaning that the forests trees are less ecologically diverse . 
  logging the forest does n't kill just the trees or the `` homes '' of the animals that make their place in them - it also destroys plants that grow between and under the trees . 
  as explained , many species have vanished in southern finland . 
  even disregarding that animals have rights or that we should be able to share ecosystem with them or that old forests are extremely different beast from a new forest , forests also have values to humans other than what it 's worth as a pulp . 
  it offers cover between areas , it affords a place for relaxation ( berry picking , map reading , meditation childrens ' games . . ) , it 's a sound barrier against roads etc. 
  `` the forest will grow back in 30 - 80 years '' is n't much of a consolation for animals , the trees themselves , the people who spent time in the forest , the biologists who were interested in the biodiversity , the tourism board etc. 
  i 'm not saying that trees should n't be logged . 
  we need wood for pulp , for buildings and whatnot . 
  but special care should be taken that the amount money gained from logging is more than what is lost in cultural , biological or leisure spheres . 
  saying that it `` will grow back '' is either dishonest or quite shortsighted - and you know it . 
  on the very least it 's a great example of why public resource ( and forest is very much a public resource ) should never be given to one individual to decide upon . 
  in finland they cut private forests , some of which are actually diverce and not tree gardens . 
  vatican and rome ? 
  or kinshasha and brazzaville ? 
  they also include tallinn in the `` local weather '' of south finland at telly . 
  my point was that the road to ireland 's split from uk was n't any more peaceful . 
  i read the host belittling ireland 's representative for the same choices they ( usa ) themselves made . 
   they did , but the us and the uk had a bit of a falling out a while ago . 
  yes , that was my point with ireland as well . 
  why does n't usa use the pound ? 
  it 's a good currency !, 
   why is the us the only place that has borders ? 
  so that nobody goes there !, 
  seriously though , the whole american continent has borders . 
  argentina is even written inside their borders . 
  but for some reason old world does n't get this treatment -- it would n't be useful in europe and far east ( the countries are too small ) and africa was probably in a bit of a flux in the 1960s when this was made . 
  ( `` farm county of helsinki '' , as opposed to the city of helsinki . ), 
  works for london . 
  i think people would have a lot less body image problems if they saw more old bodies . 
  i know my body image improved a lot after i started visiting a swim hall/sauna favoured by old people . 
  knowing what waited me made me appreciate what i had and not what i did n't ( those perfect bodies in ads ) . 
   the rebuttal was that it was n't real socialism . 
  obviously he knows better . 
  lenin called the system he implemented `` state capitalism '' and said that it was a building block on the road to socialism ( as descripted by marx ) . 
  stalin did n't want to dismantle the power he inherited , so he decided to call lenin 's state capitalism `` socialism '' and the dictionaries were changed accordingly . 
   how the hell is mentioning nato moving goalposts ? 
  you initially descripted nato as `` most powerful military alliance in history '' and when i expressed doubt , you redefined nato as '' [ the only ] military force that own [ s ] the entire ocean and giant chunks of multiple continents completely undisputed '' . 
  these are different definitions . 
  hence , moving goalposts . 
   the chinese empire was never as big around the world like nato is now . 
  my point was that if you compare military alliances at their points in history ( as you should ) you do n't compare qing dynasty china to nato , but qing dynasty china to british empire and nato to , say , russian federation and compare their strengths . 
  otherwise you get illogical claims like austria today is much more powerful than the austrian empire , because austrian empire did n't have fighter planes . 
  looking from one culture to another , that video makes me extremely uneasy . 
   who is your pick then ? 
  can you think of any military force that owned the entire ocean and giant chunks of multiple continents completely undisputed ? 
  well , if you move goal-posts to fit nato , sure . 
  but the original question `` the most powerful military alliance in history '' could mean by area , by population , by technology level or by area paying fealty .
