  i 'm sure romanians were less than perfectly happy , but just because you could find happy or neutral things to photograph does n't make them theatre . 
  it would have happened . 
  people were extremely pissed over over several local matters . 
  the leadership and core of the troops were finns . 
  russian soldiers took part , but as i recall , they were n't under any central command at that point . 
  some left the country , some decided to stay and help . 
  we had been tickling the bear only ten years earlier . 
  see this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6ns1jk/russian_billboards_celebrating_the_1410/dkd8m1f/ now i believe soviets should n't have invaded for several reasons , but the fears were somewhat justified . 
  the bigger problem was that the finnish whites had just won the civil war and decided that greater finland was something to go for . 
  particularly in the early 1920s the government gave a lot of public speeches about the soviet menance and tried to collect money and support from the west for some sort of a proto-barbarossa . 
  after ww1 , the thing did n't gain momentum . 
  the whole thing was idiotic anyway , because bolsheviks were the only side which approved finnish independence . 
  the russian whites claimed finland was part of the empire to their bitter end . 
  anyway , the goverment had helped brits to invade in the russian civil war ( on russian white side ) and had themselves ran several operations to attach as much russian territory to finland outright and after the tarto peace treaty continued to fund karelian independence movements , perhaps with the idea of attaching the newly independent country to finland later on . 
  this has only stopped when we had come to 1930s and the local nazi equivalents wanted to start again . 
  if they had gained more political traction it would have been 1920s again . 
  so there was a long-term problem on the finnish border . 
  as soviets knew that germans would be attacking later on ( and that the finnish government had good ties to germany ) it made sense to try doing something about it ... and they chose very poorly from among the alternatives available . 
  not all land is of similar value . 
  the `` territorial goals '' were heavily industrialised area with some of the best producting farms in the land and summer mansions for the rich . 
  finland/sweden had poured a lot of money on the infrastructure as well . 
  the compensated land was just undeveloped forest , so far from water that productive agriculture was impossible even if you used decades to clear the fields . 
  you know , i have lot of bad things to say about finnish government ( both internal and foreign policy ) in the 1920s and 1930s and can even write a pretty good justification for soviet policy in the area at that time . 
  ( google my username . ), 
  but claiming that the lands were of same value , even when we forget the defensive angle , is just plain lies . 
  yeah , thank you for that one . 
  never heard it before . 
  that 's the christian name . 
  did n't want to use it because i wanted to emphasize that it 's older than christianity in finland . 
  the `` looped square '' is k\u00e4p\u00e4likk\u00f6 , a pre-christian rune . 
  it wards against bad luck , curses , demons and misfortune . 
  which is probably why the neonazi-symphatising suomen sisu uses it as their logo . 
  ( do n't let them own it ! ), 
  i 'm freezing with three layers on and you wrote that . 
  when do we get our heat wave ? 
  we 've got like three days with temperature * almost * at 24 . 
  it 's not fair . 
  we want warm days too . 
  ( at present i have long-sleeved shirt topped by a knitted wool shirt , topped by a wind jacket . ), 
  nordic could n't into feudal system because the land could n't support enough soldiers to keep peasants from revolting . 
  that 's why the goverments developed from the get-go with a lot of local autonomy and say in state affairs . 
  meanwhile in south ( europe ) the abundant food allowed bureaucracies , soldiers etc. 
  which led to top-down hierarchies and lack of autonomy . 
  you note how hard they had transitioning to democracies when the culture and state systems did n't support it : constant reversions to dictatorships , be it germany , poland , russia , spain . . 
  yes . 
  development is following the same pattern seen before when developing countries ape developed ones . 
  africa has had 50 + years to develope . 
  that 's not much when you have to start from a situation where most of population ca n't read and are easily swayed by demagogues and where democratic traditions are so new that they 're easily disregarded . 
  compare similar situation in central and eastern europe in 1920s . 
  all started as democracies , only one got to 1940s with people still in helm . 
  edited the above , please read . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  i still get blown away with the comparisons ( both time and north-south ) and this is something i 'm very into . 
  i can understand why others would n't even consider it . 
  i 've lived in several equatorial countries and have cultivated ( well , watched my dad ) a small garden patch as a hobby . 
  the difference is huge . 
  the yield from a backyard can feed the whole family and produce two crops a year ( maybe three ) on equator . 
  meanwhile on finland to do that you need a proper farm . 
  it 's no wonder people are closer together . 
  before industrial revolution finland could support around 500 000 people - now there are ten times more . 
  i 'm not surprised africa goes through the same . 
  in the end it 's not the amount of people that 's the most worrisome , it 's the standard of living they set for themselves . 
  we finns are an environmental disaster not because there 's 5 million of us , but because we wish to have all the comforts in the world . 
  today , government says it would be a good idea to have about 35 square metres per person in an apartment , while 100 + years ago fifteen people in that space was a standard . 
  you forget that african land yields far more than europe . 
  about half of europe could n't even produce enough food to enter feudal system . 
  the farther north you go the less yield land produces . 
  a farm in scandinavia that can support one family is much bigger than one in indonesia . 
  this also means that as the maximum size of a farm that one farmer can run is absolute , indonesia can produce more surplus per square metre than scandinavia . 
  meaning that in an agrarian culture indonesia can produce art , security , bureaucracies etc. 
  with the surplus while scandinavia can barely keep the postal office working . 
  what i 'm saying here is that comparing equatorial countries to land around arctic circle is empty rethoric , as is comparing to contintal states that still have a lot of arable land without farmers . 
  this is n't a discussion i 'm prepared to go into right now . 
  but i 'm going to say that in a situation where most people inherit their wealth and not gain it themselves , it 's rather strange to claim that people who did n't inherit and do n't have the means to uphold even basic living standards for themselves should n't be angry or should n't ask for more . 
  after all , resources are created together , so why should their profits only support the few ? 
  in old factory towns it 's extremely visible when jobs and money come from one foundry ( etc ) and the men very clearly see the mansion of the owner and the lifestyle he has purely by the work men do on the foundry ... while the men live with their families five people per room . 
   pre-wwl russian empire at least fed itself more or less and then it went to war and suddenly people wanted a revolution . 
   with commies three fucking famines with millions of victims happened in just 30 years . 
  there were famines under the empire , too . 
  the other colonial empires had them too . 
   there are socialistic countries that are not nazi  there 's shitton of democracies that are not north korea . 
  your education system seems to have let you down . 
   but there are no communist countries without variations of gulag , purges in all honestly , most countries that enter a crisis get these , no matter what sort of government system they have in place . 
   shit level of life for ones who avoided first two options . 
  revolutions tend to happen in countries where the quality of life was `` shit level '' to begin with . 
  if life is good , there 's no popular demand for revolution . 
  most communist countries did not experience falling quality of life compared to the situation before revolution , quite the opposite . 
  ( this in cases where the country was n't under trade blockage of some kind . ), 
   and while marx defined it as something else marx is dead . 
  and kim lives . 
  just as stalin apologists in russia . 
  and george washington , thomas jefferson , lincoln and roosevelts are dead but trump is n't ; jesus , martin luther and mlkjr are dead but westboro baptist church is n't . . good thing we use as our standard dead people , not living ones . 
   those people called themselves communists . 
  let 's call them that too . 
  nazis called themselves socialists because it had a nice ring to it . 
  kkk thinks they uphold the old american values . 
  and so on . 
  if you define `` the bad guys '' with the words they chose to look approachable , you 're both tarnishing a bigger good thing and marking the opposite as better . 
  it turns a matter of gray shapes into black and white with clearly marked `` good '' . 
  you know , we finns have to hear that joke daily on reddit .
