  i do n't really have any sources , but i 'd say that because soviet union spent time educating it 's citizens ( the literacy rate hovered around 20 % in 1900 ; 75 % in 1940 ) and because revolutions unstabilise countries . 
  there 's something about seeing everything fall apart and being rebuilt that makes the next generation rather bold : if it could be done once , it could be done twice ... 
  in 1910 tsar was still in rather secure position ( or he thought so ) , all things being considered . 
  this was n't something stalin ( rightfully ! ), 
  shared . 
  so seeing the difference in the scale does n't surprise me ... though it 's vastly larger than i would have dreamed . 
  marxism has very little to do with anything that happened in soviet union . 
  you 're probably thinking marxism-leninism or stalinism . 
  marxism is a valid sociological theory that 's rather useful tool even today . 
  every movement has a fringe and it 's rather bad manners to suggest that they represent the larger population if you do n't have some good backing for that view . 
  i think you 're concentrating too much on the gitmo and cia 's renditions . 
  usa also has the largest prison population in the world , largely because they use prisons as slave labour to compete with developing countries . 
  not to mention the popular culture `` do n't drop the soap '' jokes etc. 
  just because the prison guards are n't the people who do the actual torturing , it does n't mean that being in the prison is n't torture . 
  let it be . 
  i 'm sure you have better use for your time than spending your evening with a guy who 's hopefully a troll . 
  russia has n't been window shopping here since 40s . 
  according to the police web page , you can go 3 kilometres over the limit before they start giving fines . 
  but because the speedometers in the cars are calibrated to show ten kilometres less than what you actually drive , you can go somewhat over the limit if you only look at the meter . 
  after that . . we have two sorts of fines . 
  it 's about 75 - 115 euros if it 's only a little ( this apparently depends not only how much you were going over but also what 's the legal speed limit as well ) . 
  if you go over 20 kilometres over the limit , you will be given day fines . 
  these are the things that sometimes get us into news . 
  basically , if you are seen to be really reckless , the police wants to make sure that you 're really hurting for your mistake . 
  so the fine is x times the amount you make in a day . 
  apparently the average is 22 times . 
  you are more likely to have nearer viewpoints . 
  and many of the conflicts you have with the continent is due to the proximity . 
   english has several words for different versions of football because soccer is not the most popular form of football in most english speaking countries . 
  you questioned why europeans `` get butthurt '' over `` multiple forms and names of football '' . 
  and i explained that it might be because many ( most ) europeans speak languages that do n't make the distinction between the different games ( and many are fairly clueless about forms other than the american version , which has very bizarre name without context ) . 
   it 's strange that you actually think american football is more correctly called handball the joke goes that american football is n't played by foot nor is it a ball ; a handegg . 
  i wonder did obama even see the opening animation of witcher 2 . 
  i somewhat doubt it . 
  a differentation which does n't exist in many european languages . 
  because most european languages only have one word - `` football '' , from which the american variant is differed by calling it `` american football '' , even though it is ( as the above poster mentioned ) more correctly called `` handegg '' . 
  english has several words ( soccer , football , rugby , whathaveyou ) , but afaik , it 's the only language that does . 
  all the countries you listed are on the anglo-sphere and conveniently not anywhere near britain . 
  they could at least have excluded russians . 
  now that we 're asking . . somebody in this thread said that united kingdom of southern great britain and northern ireland ^ 1 becomes the successor state of united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  but as the current country is a successor state of kogb which was successor to kingdoms of scotland and england , how come all the political capital gets to stay ^ 2 with england 's half ? 
  ^ 1 sorry for the horrible name , but i needed the distinction . 
  ^ 2 or so i 've understood from these reddit-threads . 
   you talk of this amazing utopian world . . 
  sounds more like dystopia to me . 
   their famous `` salaryman '' business culture which dominates much of life was orignially an american import . 
  the word `` salaryman '' is an american import . 
  behind it you can find the traditional japanese culture where a company has replaced a clan ^ 1 . 
  you give your loyalty and all the free time you have against a paycheck -- and at least a generation back , company 's employees might decide together who they will vote in elections as well . 
   if they wish to remain relevant , then they will have to drop the xenophobic trait in their culture and accept immigration . 
  the biggest problem japan has is that their culture expects women to retire from employment ( and to certain extend from public life ) after marriage ( or after the first child , as the things may be ) , which many are n't willing to do . 
  even if japan 's population is going down ( and they have a huge problem with the increasing amount of elderly ) this does n't mean the end of japan . 
  rising population is n't the same as relevancy ( ask any developing country ) nor is smaller population indication of irrelevancy ( ask any european country - they 're pretty much all smaller than japan ) . 
  and when we 're talking of `` small '' what we mean is still `` bigger than germany '' . 
  japan has a strong company sector that brings in a lot of money ( on areas that are n't going to vanish anytime soon ) . 
  you can leverage that to many things during coming decades . 
  not to mention that japan is situated around many developing countries where you can easily outsource stuff while not going far away ( such as south korea and taiwan ) . 
   depending on the career path i choose , i may move to taiwan . 
  job prospects in academia for specialist in western history are very good there . 
  i would also consider china too , if it was n't a dictatorship . 
  life is more than just work . 
  at least it 's so often . 
  hope you can find your place if you move there . 
  ^ 1 though many companies are still owned by clans , such as toyota group and mitsubishi group ( the latter even has the clan crest as their logo ) . 
  the dubbing dates to time when majority of programming was n't in english . 
   i 'd rather hear italian on the tv , not american voices . 
  they have italian programs in tv as well ( soaps , news , drama . . ) . 
  anglo-american culture dubbed ( or otherwise translated ) is still anglo-american culture even if samuel jackson speaks italian . 
  the story is still based on american viewpoint on the world ( and think how strange the royale with cheese-speech is going to sound dubbed in french ) . 
  `` i 'd rather hear italian on tv '' seems very strange to me . 
  it is n't about experiencing new cultures , it 's about experiencing new languages . 
  a very mcdonaldised view of foreign culture . 
  he does a nice performance , but i find it very hard to get into it when the mouth moves at different pace as the speech . 
  not to mention that the voice actors speak to the mic at different `` length '' than what the actors on screen are from the camera . 
  luca ward 's voice does n't change when jackson turns away from camera or when the actors are farther away from camera . 
  travolta 's va seems louder ( `` closer '' ) than ward even though they are apparently having a conversation in a fairly small room etc. 
  english on one or two areas of life is not a problem if you hear your first language otherwise everywhere . 
  as greece probably has newspapers ( news-sites ) , greek-made tv-shows and films not to mention people talking greek on the street , it should n't be a problem if you go to one place where you encounter english . 
  this way you not only get better at english ( which is a value itself ) but also learn to read at younger age and generally to read faster ( all being proven outcomes in all nordic countries ) . 
  in finland we have never dubbed shows ( save cartoons for kids and few experimental tries , mainly with soap operas ) and finnish language is doing well . 
  `` finglish '' happens on areas of life that do n't have corresponding area in finnish ( namely , when people have read fantasy - or highly specific special area books in english due to not finding them in native language ) , but how often do you need to talk about , say , white walkers , in everyday life ? 
  and why not ? 
  if you move to homogenic country , there 's an expectation that you try to fit in and not the other way around . 
  enforcing homogeny in a heterogenetic country is a bad thing ( as you illustrated with your example ) , but enforcing it in homogenetic country is just what it is : nobody has to move to homogenic country any more than a person has to go to disneyland ( and then complain for the lack of pubs ) . 
  and in the case of this piece of news , the government just wanted them to put in a name that follows icelandic naming conventions . 
  you do n't actually have to use the said name . 
  and for iceland , the naming convention is an important part of their national identity . 
  every country ( society ) strives to preserve theirs against aggressive changes . 
  you 're basically guilting over one particular example you do n't understand , while you would ( i suppose ) complain if people break rules of conduit you subscribe to . 
  you are comparing huge heterogenic population to small homogenic one . 
  my point was that wars generally boost popularity , as they increase national unity and questioning the leader in such times is bad manners . 
  as you bothered to write a long post , i can do no less . .  are you really saying that the whole area got a `` big hit '' as a safe place because of someone throwing bacon around ? 
  are you serious ? 
  this was in essence bullying . 
  and sadly i ca n't believe the only incidence of its type . 
  it 's not that any one event by itself looks big , but how it looks like when you encounter them more or less daily . 
  letting the whole thing slide off with a slap of a wrist would have been an official blessing for this sort of behaviour . 
  but again , i said that year was too much . 
   throwing shit is not same as throwing bacon . 
  shit can contain harmful bacteria , causes bad smell and is probably harder to clean .
