  what country ? 
  you can be better at talking in some topics with one language without it being the language you think or are more comfortable with . 
  there is also the amount of registers to think . 
  on finland ( and in many other states ) it has been ruled that state-funded broadcast company that also takes advertising would cause unfair competition . 
  eurovision is owned by state-funded/owned broadcast companies . 
  we 're in the nordic not because of our flag but because we consciously started developing our state after swedish model after ww2 and joined nordic council to harmonise our legislation ( and removing the border controls ) . 
  after that had been finalised ( iirc 50s ) there was n't really any valid way not to count finland among equals , even as we were pisspoor at the time . 
  i have nothing against estonia getting into nordic but i 'm fucking pissed when the person who says it is apparently right-wing pm who 's for flat tax rate and no rights for employees . 
  `` getting into nordic '' is n't about mentality , it 's about the contract between state and its people . 
  at least snp with their `` scotland into nordic '' speeches got this . 
  eurovision is about a good beat and great performance . 
  nobody is expecting the song to be world-shattering . 
  and this song definitely delivered . 
  the perfect eurovision song . 
  [ take a gander at germany ] ( http://germany.com/ ) . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  i know that belarussians were counted as their own people since long ago , but that 's all i know . 
  i thought that 's an excellent eurovision-song and performance . 
  that 's what i expect when i tune for the song contest . 
  i might well have voted for this . 
  but the headphones were stupid . 
  the difference being that belarus is at the heart of europe and nigeria is . . not . 
  there 's also that every time china starts putting force to the border the us fleet just `` happens '' to be on the vicinity . 
  i do n't get this . 
  i ate my ( gf-provided ) kinder-eggs over a month ago . 
  [ this is from last december ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/17/china-outraged-at-us-warship-sales-to-taiwan ) . 
   patriotism is not a natural feeling , it 's a fake feeling which you are teached by your country . 
  you might be interested in [ this wikipedia-article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imagined_community ) . 
  has n't usa given taiwan their protection ? 
  if not de jure , then de facto ? 
   since i do n't feel comfortable of using her real name or showing her face in any pictures on the interwebs this was a good call . 
  i added some old class photos of myself to iphoto few years back and it could recognize me as a 6-year old from a picture with about 30 other kids ^ 1 based on pictures of me as an adult . 
  the technology has gone forward since then , and will probably be even more forward when your little ` lica is 20 and looking for jobs . 
  --------- ^ 1 though it might have helped that i was one of the two white kids in the picture ... seriously though , iphoto also recognized me when i was next to finnish kids . 
  as the other poster said , compared to what ? 
  i frequent mcdonalds because the hamburgers are well made and relatively cheap and the restaurants are clean and stylish . 
  also conveniently located on city centres etc. 
  they also do allowances such as country-specific products that appeal to local culture . 
  that picture is taken at ruoholahti , district of helsinki that 's mainly built on area claimed from the sea . 
  there are no hills there - or elsewhere nearby . 
  those clothes are n't post-1848 . 
  back in those days `` swedes '' meant finns too . 
  so link to torrent : ok , embedded youtube video : not ok ? 
   why ? 
  every other developed nation does so . 
  i 'm from gb . 
  gb and ireland are the only `` western '' european countries that do . 
  or do you consider germany , france and norway to be developing countries ? 
  ( this is most probably due to nazis using the data for their own ends at the continent . ), 
   there is so much linguistic finese that is lost as result when you ca n't assign femininity or masculinity to objects or people when writing . 
  well , ca n't really comment , as i do n't really see the gender in the objects even in english - it 's just a rule to be learned , not something that i actually understand ( perhaps with the exception of cats and dogs ) . 
   for the whole men or woman thing . 
  be the best you can be basically . 
  yeah , i try . 
   you might not feel as a `` male '' but i do in every sense of traditional definition of a word and majority of men seem to likewise . 
  it 's indeed hard-wired in on some level in both genetics and how they shape us within building up a society and male/female culture within the larger cultural/national enviroment . 
  my badly written point was both that i feel quite apart from that traditional definition and that i do n't want people to define me based on something as limiting as my sex . 
  on larger view , everybody varies from the definition somewhat and there are very few reasons to use it at all on daily life . 
  if we 're talking about big organisations like schools , even smaller schools ( with only few hundred students ) would have several kids to whom stereotypic-based leadership would cause problems . 
  ( stuff like woodcrafts/handicrafts , but also group or individual sports at gym class etc. ), 
   it 's indeed hard-wired in on some level in both genetics and how they shape us within building up a society and male/female culture within the larger cultural/national enviroment . 
  well , i can believe that men are more aggressive generally , but i somewhat suspect that me being a man does n't make me a better woodworker or a car driver ( most women in my life are better at both ) . 
  there are also cultural assumptions , but as i said , they just tend to make people unhappy at worst and at best it 's one more barrier on the way to being who you want to be . 
   is that a thing ? 
  i know people who feel like the have been born in the `` wrong gender '' , but rejecting the concept of gender seems ... rather extraordinary . . 
  i 'm a gender studies student , so i ca n't really comment what 's common or not , but people tend to have these hard-wired ideas what `` woman '' or `` man '' should do . 
  men like football , women like to be pretty ... and so on . 
  when i was a kid i was pushed by my teacher to advanced woodworks instead of advanced handicrafts because i was a lad . . even though i got much better grades on the latter . 
  also , nearly every time that something is advertised or descripted as `` manly '' i 'm 99 % sure that it 's a product or service i have no interest toward . 
  as such , i have aversion toward identifying myself as `` male '' . 
  i 'd rather profile myself based on my interests , hobbies or even by my major/minors at the university . 
  i do n't view this as an extreme position . . particularly as my first language is without gendered pronouns the situations where this comes up are usually ones where the stand is worth doing ( eg . 
  somebody tries to break the crowd into two based on sex as indication of interests ) . 
  if you 're the head teacher and you assume one of your students - who 's well-being is your responsibility - is negatively affected by your actions , you should take steps to ensure that the problem is solved . 
  either by allowing that person to use sunglasses in class . . or sticking to gender-neutral pronouns . 
  compare : if i find out that one of my students is in a wheelchair and the school has those one-step-stairs here and there , should i ask the local janitor to order/make ramps for her to move about ? 
  or let her stay outside until somebody pushes her over the stairs -- every day till she graduates ? 
  if this happened at school , the chances are pretty high that the student body is larger than 500 or even 2000 . 
  it 's very likely that at least somebody in that number does n't want to be identified by their gender ( or feel that their `` obvious '' gender is the wrong one ) . 
  i spot at least two finnish names there ( tuula peltonen and elina linna ) . 
  are they common in norway ? 
  i think meat glue is actually illegal . 
  the article says that the same problem is with tomatoes sold at eu . 
  as long as it was karelo - * finnish * ssr , the idea was that the natural area of the ssr included the republic of finland . 
  as the k-f was the legal heir to the democratic republic of finland ( of winter war fame ) , this idea was n't exactly as far-of as it may look from today . 
  dropping the `` finnish '' in 1956 implied that the danger of war ( forced merger as part of the `` danger years '' ) had passed . 
  in effect this is the same problem as what greece faces . 
  fyromacedonia prints maps with parts of greece inside its borders and claims `` natural '' right to them . 
  the problem is n't the name , its what the name implies . 
  and it may be ridiculous to think that a country would go to war for such things , but historically that 's pretty much the most common reason why countries have gone to war . 
  not to mention that the `` y '' in fyromacedonia stands for `` yugoslavia '' , where such wars have been fought several times in living memory - and we 're not talking pensioners here . 
  is he still complaining for not getting a ps4 ? 
  keeping in mind that president kekkonen asked the karelo-finnish soviet socialist republic to rename itself as karelian ssr and they did , we do n't really have a leg to stand on . 
  still , the border between the republic and northern ireland is land and can be crossed on foot . 
  it 's a land border , it counts . 
   if ireland somehow ever needed to be `` contained '' , you would only need to cut your losses at northern ireland , since you could check passports for ferry and plane passengers traveling from northern ireland to gb . 
  there are several countries with large rivers or other natural borders inside the political ones , such as turkey 's bosphorus , or many many places between norway 's border with russia and oslo . 
  do explain why . 
  land border with ireland . 
  oh yes .
