  sorry to hear about the danish legistlation concerning gays , but we were talking about taxation and money . 
  the suburbian utopia is one example , your freedom to travel and `` enjoy other aspects '' is another . 
  common to both is that they would be hard to make true without money . 
  and for most , well-paying job means education ( which is very expensive business to pay on your own , ask americans ) . 
  very few people in the world want to place themselves in a situation where they have few choices . 
  to get back to my earlier rant about landless farmers and their offspring - without welfare state there would n't have been any choice between what their offspring would do - now they can educate themselves and become doctors - if they so wish . 
  i 'd add that even if said offspring were gay , welfare state gives them more opportunities to find and be true to themselves . 
  being able to marry or adopt is an important part of that equation , but hardly the whole picture . 
  it also includes stuff like sexual education that acknowledges that not everybody is born hetero and assures us that this is ok . 
  this does n't mean just you personally know that gay is ok , but all the heteros around you as well . 
  as i 'm sure you know , this is n't self-evident . 
  the views toward gays are harsher there where such education is n't given ( and life is pretty sucky for heteros as well ) . 
   alas , i pay 56 +8 % in taxes to support other people 's life choices . 
  examples ? 
  but generally speaking , welfare state is a package deal . 
  you get stuff you do n't view that you need , even though perhaps you need them indirectly - stuff like child benefits may be useless to you directly , but they are indirectly very important as you are part of a society that needs children . 
   that 's not freedom . 
  it 's just majority dictatorship . 
  it 's also not freedom if we did n't have any sort of progressive taxation . 
  then money ( and with it , power ) would concentrate on few families who could do pretty much anything with those landless farmers . 
  nobody in society is completely free ( and define freedom as the ability to make choices ) . 
  the trick is finding a situation where most people can fulfill their dreams `` well enough '' . 
  10 room apartment in downtown copenhagen is a nice dream , but an 7 room apartment in copenhagen is n't much worse as far as living standards go . 
  as you know , each additional unit of something increases value only logarithmically while the price of getting it grows exponentially . 
  those missing two rooms might get whole apartments to people who would go without . 
  that 's an immense gain to them and only low gain to you -- and anyway , without chances like that , copenhagen would n't be very desirable place to live in the first place , what with the homeless problem and all !, 
  well , you can pay your own healthcare ( we do have a private option for those who want it ) , you can choose not to go to a finnish public university ( either to go directly to work , go study abroad or to go to a private education unit - we have those as well , though everybody thinks they 're ripoffs ) and so on . 
  very few choose to exercise these options . 
  like the politician i mentioned , they are ready to take out everything they can when offered and then burn the bridges behind them when it 's their time to support them . 
  when you start with nothing and end up with a nice house , car , good healthcare and money left over to invest ( if you wish ) , what do you have to complain , particularly if everybody in your family used to be landless farmers before you ? 
  if we did n't have welfare , you 'd be renting land as well - and you could have , if you had n't taken the opportunities offered to you by state . 
   i 'm not saying it should n't be there - it has worked well to keep humans from living horrible lives - but it 's not a freedom to take someone else 's money under the threat of imprisonment if he/she wo n't give it . 
  but is it their money ? 
  if we 're talking of earners , be it individuals or companies , the government has paid either their schooling or the schooling of the employees , as well as creating the opportunities under which the money was made . 
  finland , for example , is known for highly educated people ( to whom you have to pay relatively little , compared to usa ) and relatively non-corrupted government . 
  these are possible because the people do n't need money for college fund or for expensive insurances . 
  to compare : before we started the wellfare state experiment in the early 1960s the most you could say about this country was that people could read and we had forests . 
  nokia cut lumber and made rubber tires !, 
  needless to say that we were rather poor and there was n't much hope that it would ever change . 
  now , even after the country has been in recession for 6 or 7 years we 're still one of the more well-off countries on the continent . 
  i see it a little like you have a recept for a cake . 
  you use `` free '' ingredients and `` free '' oven to make the cake and are then horrified when the owner of the ingredients and oven wants his cut - even though you started with only an idea and now you have a ( at most ) half-eaten cake . 
  people have this strange feeling that if the money was on your account even for a second then it 's yours . 
  perhaps , if people never saw the whole cake , only the one where a cut had been taken , they would be happier . 
  edit : anecdote to illustrate my point : the only ( successful ) finnish politician who has declared herself to be a neoliberal says that she has gotten her money on her own work , completely forgetting that she 's from a relatively poor family and has two master 's degrees with student allowance on top paid completely by state . 
  before going into politics , she made money by using the connections she gained during her second master 's ( because she self-admittedly confessed she botched her first master on this front ) . 
  do you think this is a situation where money is made `` on your own work '' and which the state should n't touch ? 
  because as i see it , the taxes are just interest on a successful investment . 
  i 'd probably start seeking jobs in britain that involve spending a lot of time in finland . 
  that way your meager skills in finnish would be a huge plus and not a long minus . 
  it 's still here . 
  you are welcome to come back anytime , just to visit or study or even to work for a while ( though the latter might be a bit difficult in the current economic situation ) . 
  oh , right . 
  i suppose you saw that bbc hardtalk-interview ? 
  i assure you , soini is far more charming on his native language . 
  the show really showcased why politicians should never talk in a foreign language , even if they speak them fairly well . 
  well , i would say that welfare state is a freedom and it 's being threatened by neoliberals . 
  i dislike true finns immensely but they are n't fascist by any measurements . 
  their wet dream is to pull the country back to 1980s . 
  during which we were n't fascist either . 
  their politics in general are pretty centric with some stupid misfires due to badly running party office ( such as endorsing constitutional monarchy some weeks back ) . 
  they dislike refugees but are generally pretty positive on work-related immigration . 
   because they end up harming the population more than the rulers , feeding the populists . 
  `` harming the population more than the rulers '' is a valid reason when the country in question is not a democracy ( like hussein 's iraq ) . 
  if the country is a democracy , it does n't really matter as the population can be expected to find out about the reasons and demand new elections . 
  there 's also something gained when you do n't use translations in-between . 
  he made himself understood . 
  he did n't have trouble finding the right words . 
  true , he pronounced them with danish accent , but that 's not a failing . 
  tell me , how many languages do you speak or do you teach languages ? 
  `` as a native speaker '' you do n't have any sort of authority outside telling us was he making himself understood - and he was . 
  your opinion would have some weight if you taught languages or even studied them yourself . 
  but the title revers to `` its jews '' , so conquered territories would n't count . 
  well , the topic has `` one country only '' in the title when there were several european countries that saved their jews from holocaust one way or another . 
  after false claim like that you do n't really expect people to read the article ? 
  [ well , i suppose putting the jews to fight for their homecountry does n't count as saving : / ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_finland#world_war_ii ) . 
  there 's a rather splendid science fiction short story named wikihistory that deals this from the pov of wikipedia 's talk-page . 
  it can be read for free [ here ] ( http://www.tor.com/stories/2011/08/wikihistory ) . 
  they have been trying to push those secret lists here as `` being the european standard '' . 
  i generally agree with you but some of the poorer areas are dependant on money-transfers and `` responsibility towards its closer citizens '' does n't really help if you do n't have money to fund even the basic stuff expected in western europe . 
   what 's the reason for using , instead of . ? 
  i believe that when writing by hand , it 's easier to notice a comma than a dot . 
  you would also be more likely to have an imperfection or an ink dot on paper and read it as a decimal mark . 
  would you have a source for this ? 
  i 'm few courses into sociology and gender research here in finland and i have n't heard anything about this . 
  i thought he spoke pretty well . 
   i did notice , for the record the finnish wikipedia agrees with me about russia in europe the picture is the same they have in every language-edition , i think . 
  the text itself gives several separate definitions , all based on suspiciously convenient interpration of geography and not shared culture ( which was my argument ) . 
  the articles on russia and russian culture on wikipedia seem to highlight the differences to european norm . 
  all this is irrelevant , of course , as wikipedia is not an authority !, 
    also , ` russification ' was n't exclusive to the 1900s onwards , a crucial part of colonisation has always been to assimilate at least a part of the native population , even now there is hybridity in places like belarus and ukraine . 
  i think that in russian mentality those areas were always russian and they were just strengthening the local culture . 
  compare russian administration of siberia which relied upon local powers who simply swore to pay tithe and how finnish and polish nations were ran as autonomic entities under the empire ( at least before census reports ) . 
  baltic states did n't see much immigration before the census either , but i may be mistaken on that one . 
   also , you said that europe is a different culture from russia , but when i mentioned the europeanisation of russia you say it does n't count because the rest of europe was n't russified ?? 
  i meant that it 's a two-way street . 
  for example , uk and sweden ( both `` island cultures '' ) imported ideas from the continent , developed them and then exported back . 
  students from all over europe came to uk and sweden and then returned ; and students from uk and sweden left their homelands to study and returned . 
  there was a continual change of ideas and concepts . 
  meanwhile , russia just imported ideas as one crash course .
