  i do n't think passive smoking is the main reason it 's being scaled down . 
  and alcohol shows up in the environment too - passed out people on the street ( winter ) , parks ( summer ) , inebriated people on public transport etc. 
  plus all the trash they leave behind . 
  not just bottles , but the cardboard , plastic etc. 
  i know them both !, 
  personally i like haldeman 's * accidental timemachine * more than forever war , but to each their own , eh ? 
  gaiman 's work changed a lot as he got older and i enjoy the older stuff more . 
  it might be nostalgia ( i first read these as a teenager ) , but good omens with pratchett was always my favourite along with sandman 's 20-pagers . 
  i 've met so many people who read that as kids and got the meaning of orgies completely wrong until adulthood . 
  i want to think that somewhere somebody has been invited to an orgy and they 're thinking cheese and bread . 
  according to reviews , the new books are better written ( and not insane like uderzo 's last few ) , but somewhat soulless . 
  wow , * the last man * is one of my all-time favourites . 
  also check * locke and key * . 
  the author , joe hill , is several times better writer than his father ( stephen king ) . 
  image publishes a lot of creator owned stuff . 
  my personal favourite is the one-off * high roads * ( lobdell , yu ) , about an american soldier who meets hitler 's mistress , a failed kamikaze pilot and an english actor in the paris of 1945 and decide to go hunting for hitler 's lost treasure . 
  the most indy jones-type story i 've ever read . 
  and for something completetly different : plastic man by kyle baker ( reminds me of chuck jones ' films ) . 
  also : darwyn cooke 's parker-adaptations . 
  also the air pirates-thing . 
  when people say that `` we need radicals '' i always point at the air pirates to show this is n't the case . 
  that 's where the american obsession of trademarks started ( which makes the limited copyright period moot ) . 
  `` thanks '' to trademark law , that will never happen . 
  i do n't know about the other nordic countries , but i recognised my life in the `` northern european '' stereotype . 
  even the metrotrain was exactly like what i took to job . 
  i see that you 're almost at summer there in the south . 
  up here we 're still waiting for the snows to start melting . 
   could be rated by how many people could replicate the work well , but then you 're forgetting that the idea for the art piece has a value as well . 
  for example , poetry is quite clearly an art form , but you would n't say that poetry is easy because anybody could copy paste a poem written previously ( or use comparisons used earlier ) . 
  that 's not art , that 's plagiatry . 
   those miracles : the green grass , the tall trees , the cold wind and the vast ocean . 
  not to mention magnets . 
  but really , it 's grand that you can find these things amazing . 
  all too often people think nature has only value for its resources , and i think they 're dead inside . 
   any form of ` art ' that does n't aspire to beauty is n't worth of being called art in a non ironic way . 
  the thing is , we find beauty in things we understand and find things we do n't understand horrific . 
  if we judge art based on our own understanding , then we are n't giving the art a fair trial . 
  but if we just judge how much work into art goes ( which is the only alternative ) we discount the artist 's skill in creating art fast ( eg . 
  their training ) . 
  sometimes throwing test cases like this to the court is part of the art-piece . 
  after all , one of the purposes of art is to make us question things . 
  if the artist can take a case to the highest court , then discussion has been created and the art has fulfilled at least one of its tasks . 
  [ made a new one by removing colours other than green and the borders of the now non-coloured countries . 
   cape is cheap , i 'm going to guess that after tailoring , design and materials , not so cheap ( and really , i 'm going to guess that you 're after something that 's a bit more complicated that coarse wool blanket with a plastic button ) . 
  they might have been cheaper at a time when sewing was more expensive , but nowadays you can get a cheap no-brand hoodie for ten euros . 
    you 're falling into the old trap of thinking that just because only the best survive the ages , that means the ones that we do n't know of were also grand . 
   art before was in big part craftsmanship , theory , physic.now it appears everyone is entitled to be an artist , the only thing you have to do is throwing some paint on a blank canvas and say that that is the representation of you souls , or other similar crap . 
  these amateur artists have always existed . 
  in a similar way , professional artists who create art in the classic style with years of study of physique theory and practice also exist . 
  they 're just hard to find in all the chaos that 's our modern life -- but in fifty years their art will be showcased in museums and all that `` similar crap '' will have been forgotten . 
   so your main argument is that cape is weapon related ? 
  my main argument was that it 's hard to work and stay warm with a cloak . 
  as such , a cloak is an upper-class item which we know because historical fiction or art seldom showcase peasants . 
  as you know , upper class fashion is partly influenced of showing how you can waste money on useless things . 
  i concentrated on weapons because that was the context . 
  however , as of the people who actually work for a living , soldiers ( and police , i suppose ) were ( and are ! ), 
  the most common group who use cloaks , for the reasons mentioned . 
   capes went out of fashion around 1910 , time of critical theory , when architecture lost all the details , art started to be avantgarde etc. 
  here 's [ few film star cloaks from the 1950s ] ( http://theageofgrace.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/capespicmonkey-collage-1024x1024.jpg ) . 
  here 's [ a saint laurent cape from the 2013-collection ] ( https://a.1stdibscdn.com/archivese/upload/v_254/17_15/org_job_10411/job_10411_l.jpeg ) . 
  for practical usage ( not ceremonial or upper class-flaunting ) the last cape i know of was used [ by nurses in the 1950s ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/b2/e6/54/b2e654426c1dc8ad09bae0c8ca78eda6.jpg ) , and the picture pretty much explains why they do n't use them anymore . 
   buildings look like a shoe boxes facade is more than just how the edges look . 
  after all , paintings have been squares for a thousand years , but the art is still vastly different during that time . 
   we are now worse off in many cases than 100 years ago , we have more clothes but they get dirty and loose colors on a sun they always got dirty . 
  it 's jut that we actually care about such things these days . 
   art is bad i beg to differ . 
  there 's so much art these days , from graffiti , computer demos , traditional paintings etc. 
  you 're falling into the old trap of thinking that just because only the best survive the ages , that means the ones that we do n't know of were also grand . 
  if you go to a building with paintings done directly to the walls ( where the art is still up because they ca n't switch it to something better without damaging the whole ) you can see that generally speaking they 're all rather mediocre -- and that 's counting buildings meant for presidents , emperors and kings . 
   how bad was life in guadeloupe that 's a rather general question . 
  people who left for america in general were second or third sons with no prospects , people who wanted to see the world , people who dreamed of making it in america where streets are paved with gold etc. 
  the parisians were n't probably dressed in [ haute couture ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=haute+couture&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi0xewh8kdtahwqc5okhencd_kq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1471&amp;bih=895 ) and the rest probably looked like rather common for a new yorker . 
   american eagle why not german eagle ? 
  it 's their symbol , too . 
  after all , it 's a * german * stowaway . 
   why capes went out of style they 're hard to keep closed if it winds and if you button it up then you ca n't use your hands . 
  as a fashion item , a long cape drags to the ground if you sit or kneel , meaning you have to be really careful with what you do . 
  also , again , limits mobility of the hands . 
  short cape , in turn , is n't that dramatic . 
  capes are useful if you carry weapons that need mobility ( such as swords ) and speed is important , meaning that you can simply remove the cape with opening of one button ( or throwing them on your back ) ; you can also use the cape as a shield by wrapping it around your left arm or as obfuscation by keeping it loose ( think bull fights ) . 
  as such , capes are excellent when you need clothes to stay warm but want to get rid of them quickly when action starts . 
   why swords went out of style cartridges and rifling became more popular . 
  before that firearms were inaccurate and the charging times were long , making `` i 'll let you shoot and then i 'm going to run you through with my sword '' a valid strategy . 
  with revolvers and rifling , ducking and waiting for the reload became a good way to get to an early grave . 
  other reasons : starting around 1850s , premiers started to be more interested in how things were run in their countries . 
  before that , as long as the taxes kept flowing and there were n't rebellions , things were grand . 
  the roads had bandits that could escape to forests for years without getting caught ( and in fact , such people lived in estonia until 1990s , being on the run from soviets for one reason or another ) . 
  in general , lack of technology and people being spread over the countryside made exact policing difficult : there was no way to travel fast , there was no way to communicate fast or longer distances , so it was pretty much every-man-for-themselves . 
  with industrialisation people moved to cities and suddenly having police running around was that much more efficient : all you needed was a whistle . 
  lack of wars : as killing became less acceptable as a profession ( symbolised with how usa now has a defence ministry with the eagle looking at olive branch instead of war ministry with eagle looking at the weapons ) , people started to think more closely about weapons in daily life . 
  swords and guns can only be used for killing , while knives have other functions too ( and indeed , it 's still rather common to see workers walking on the street with knives hanging from a belt or being easily reachable in clothes , similarly as how those russians had cartridges ) . 
  as such , we got more laws on where it 's acceptable to have guns : a change that came rather late in european societies . 
  apparently in the 1940s ( or even 1960s ) you could still buy a revolver as you would a cell phone today . 
  and of course , when weapons were less common , killing with them was less common , too . 
  after ww1 , soldiers might still kill people on their furlong and only get fines ( or similar ) ; now it 's nearly always jail time . 
  clothing goes with technology . 
  it 's a similar thing as how nowadays many clothes take into account cellphones . 
  those pipes in the clothing are for bullets and gunpowder , i understand . 
  before revolvers and cartridges , having the charges ready on your chest allowed you to reload much faster . 
  ( i wondered what they were for years , until i saw those uniforms at the police museum for cossacks who had been brought to finland to to keep peace during the grand duchy-days . ),
