  estonia is right next to second most important russian city , and baltic states in general is a good place to start that classic military blunder of invasion to russian heartland . 
  which is why russia has for centuries strived to move borders to `` natural '' places . 
  plus kalingrad is very hard to keep supplied while being hunched inside nato . 
  you have to fly a long way around from leningrad oblast in a really narrow tunnel . 
  and kalingrad is the only russian baltic port that does n't frost in winter . 
  and it 's almost useless because no connection to mainland . 
  so , actually better reasons to invasion than crimea . 
  but crimea had russian navy base on rented soil and historically important connection to the nation . 
  as the article is mainly about nordic countries , you are correct with . .  individuals have rights , not communities that 's how nordic society and welfare state ( and government ) have been built . 
  you do n't have to account for the community , because the government is the community . 
  or more exactly , a lot of state power has been divested in counties . 
  which literally mean `` community '' in nordic languages ( kommun , kunta ) . 
  so when you talk of community , you talk about the relationship between state and individual . 
  stuff like organised , continuous religious gatherings are usually seen as very involved hobbies . 
  sadism implies joy of inflicting pain . 
  the german word implies happiness over bad things happening in general ( and often because the recipient is n't the greatest person around ) . 
  edit : the finnish equivalent ( and perhaps german as well ) literally means accident-joy . 
   you know what ? 
  right now russia looks nicer to this average european than the us . 
  you had me till this line . 
  while liberty of movement within an area is often a mark of independent country , it 's not a sure one . 
  as you said , russia does n't have it , and on the other hand , eu does ( while not being a country ) . 
  it does n't really help that modern usage of passports only dates to ww1 . 
  before that borders were n't really something that concerned normal people . 
  i suppose in russia the internal passports date to serfdom ? 
  country is usually thought to be independent , state may be or may not be . 
  that it has its own culture has nothing to do with it . 
  for example , the grand duchy of finland was a state founded in 1809/1812 when alexander i decided to uphold the swedish laws instead of imposing russian ones , but it became a country in 1917 , 
  ah , right . 
  i 'll leave the above up to to showcase my error to the ages . 
  why are you answering to / u/boq ? 
  it was / u/shanghainoon that made the `` power in europe '' - claim . 
   from another `` russian country '' the word you 're looking for is a state : as you know , russia is country/nation that consists of a federation of states ( like germany and usa ) , but unlike france or china , which are unitary states ( and consist of provinces ) . 
  this has happened before . 
  after a while moscow gets strong enough to supplicant the splinter nations and then we 're back on phase 1 . 
  russia is a tragedy because it 's so close to places we actually think as significant . 
  you note that north korea is usually treated like a joke even though they have much better chances of fucking the region up than putin ever will . 
  edit : apparently i misunderstood the above poster . 
  i 'm leaving this up in case somebody wants to know what the post-chain is about or if somebody actually has a problem with with the word `` retroactive '' . 
  ------------------------ retroactive is n't spanish . 
  surely you 've heard the words `` retro '' and `` active '' before ? 
  definition from merriam-webster :  extending in scope or effect to a prior time or to conditions that existed or originated in the past ; especially : made effective as of a date prior to enactment , promulgation , or imposition < retroactive tax  this means that while usually taxes and legistlation takes place from the time of legistlation to future , a retroactive law makes illegal activity that already happened . 
  for example , if you walked on grass on monday , the city council might legislate walking on grass illegal on tuesday . 
  so if you were to walk on the grass again on wednesday you would be arrested . 
  but if you did n't , you would be in the clear . 
  but if the city council retroactively legistlated walking on grass illegal , you might be jailed for the shortcut you took on monday - even though what you did was legal when you were doing it . 
  got it ? 
  pre-1917 maps often showed the border between the separately governed finnish grand duchy and russian empire , for example , [ this map from 1910 ] ( http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y150/marklite59/95/117/04080915.jpg ) . 
  the borders seemed to change daily at that time , but i 'm fairly certain finland declared full independence the previous year ( and had been marked on maps as autonomous region the past hundred years ) . 
  yet it is n't marked on the map at all , even though southern finland ( including karelia ) is clearly visible on this map . 
  pointing this out as some people saw it suitable to downvote the parent . 
  edit : and the food shortages did n't apply to \u00c5land , as they were n't taking part in the civil war nor otherwise affected by the ongoing collapse of russia . 
   i said bollocks cause my nan is british , that 's where i learned english . 
  so , she would then be your . . teacher ? 
   stal\u0456n arb\u0456trar\u0456ly executed or sent to gulags m\u0456ll\u0456ons of people because he was a murder\u0456ng man\u0456ac . 
  10 % of the populat\u0456on of balt\u0456s states were sent to gulags and most of them d\u0456ed there . 
  also sent to siberia ( and/or killed ) nearly all finno-ugrics as well ( excluding estonians ) . 
  including ( almost ! ), 
  my great-uncle who had moved to soviet union in the 20s to build a better society ( he walked to finland from siberia and then crossed the border during the night ) . 
  esa has always been about robots and satellites . 
  much more efficient . 
  i 'd call using russian rockets renting ( or perhaps taking a taxi ) . 
  finland is a member of esa ( we joined at the same time we joined eu ) . 
  saying that finland has a space program makes as much sense as saying that kansas has a space program . 
  it 's not completetly ours . . but a share of it is . 
  and `` getting to the moon '' was never something on which finnish ( or european ) patriotism is build upon . 
  nor is space program in general , though esa really beats the drum on our landing on asteroids before no other space agency ever . 
  there 's a difference between owning a share and renting . 
  we 're building those high-tech sensors in esa 's satellites , so very well , thank you !, 
  and you still have time to post at reddit ? 
  that 's dedication !, 
  i 'm not following you . 
  just doing well is an achievement - you do n't always have to be number one or spin stuff in a strange way to get so even on paper . 
  if i were american , i 'd probably celebrate landmarks that are world-famous , perhaps popular culture that is recognised nearly everywhere where humans live , technological achievements ( both innovations and adaptations ) , the can-do spirit . . and perhaps if you want to get dramatic , you could also promise that you will keep alive all the good of the earlier generations and strive to get rid of the bad . 
  saying that you 're number one means that you do n't have to do anything to uphold the achievements of yesteryear . 
  as i said , i feel it 's good to be proud of the achievements of one 's country . 
  such as good education , the happiness of it 's citizens , lack of poverty , culture , fairness of the institutions etc. 
  not stuff that 's in no way an accomplishment of the government who 's existence you celebrate . 
  most of us who speak english as second language tend to pick up our expressions depending on the sensibilities of our teachers as well as by what tv-shows we consume . 
  while i studied in uk one of my teachers mentioned that she had to use a dictionary when reading our essays ( there were several exchange students in the room ) because some of our choices in words and idioms were correct but fallen out of use before 1940s . 
  to me this day has only one meaning -- [ today we celebrate our independence day ! ] ( http://youtu.be/qolywiam6pa ) !, 
  the virus is loaded and ready for upload !, 
  american education system at work here ? 
  and some can still get to space without loaning rockets from russians . 
  it 's good to be proud of one 's country . 
  as this is / r/europe , i feel the urge to kick the dog !, 
   but we started out as a colony that rebelled against a monarchy even if you define `` monarchy '' as `` united kingdom '' , this still applies to the majority of world 's countries today !, 
   we invented rock and jazz i was under impression that jazz is pretty much african music with new instruments and rock was just whitewashed african music , so what you 're saying here is that you 're proud of the bounty of slavery . . ? 
   have more nobel prize winners than every other country you have a huge population , so of course you have the biggest number of nobels absolutely . 
  but is n't a nobel , when used as a point of patriotic pride , the achievement of nation ? 
  in that case , you should be proud of the education system that made the people who won the nobels -- and in such case you would want to use per capita . 
  [ in which you 're 15th ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_nobel_laureates_per_capita ) . 
  and [ quite the many of the winners were born and educated outside usa . 
  some never even held us citizenships ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nobel_laureates_by_country#united_states_of_america ) . 
   we dominate the olympics per capita , [ you 're # 21 ] ( http://www.medalspercapita.com/ ) . 
   and landed on the fucking moon after losing by every other measurement . 
  and how 's your space program today ? 
   just let us be really fucking annoying for one day . 
  it pays to be polite every day of the year . 
  or at least , try not to be obnoxious .
