  iirc , we have two years use of gas stored up if russia leaves us hanging and all the gas plants are built so that they can also take another power supply if there is n't gas available . 
  so , while we import 100 % of our gas from russia , we 're not dependant on it . 
  it has been suggested that the sell of state assets during 80s/90s under the market price was by design instead of incompetence , as this happened not just in germany , but in many other countries as well as part of the neoliberal move ( england being the posterboy ) . 
  you could post some pictures of yourself and some random people on the area . 
  europeans do n't dress just one way , you know !, 
  remember to remove faces . 
   [ manning ] had no specific reason for doing so and nothing he wanted to expose . 
  manning wanted to address specifically how the military acted in the occupied countries ( `` collateral damage '' , remember ? ), 
  and generally how the diplomatic service had worked against the ideals of the usa . 
   [ snowden 's ] leaks were thoroughly screened by responsible journalists . 
  `` journalist '' just means that somebody is paying you to collect and shift trough data and report to the public . 
  wikileaks acted in a responsible manner and the actual data-combing was done by guardian , new york times etc. 
  you are forgetting that the person who actually dumped the key to the diplomatic database online was a `` responsible journalist '' . 
   he was never part of the military . . 
  he flunked the boot camp . 
  we can debate if that was `` being part of military '' . 
  however , being at the boot camp was what got him into the cia program from which he was spun out as a contractor . 
   he will face civilian courts . 
  this is apparently true . 
  manning has been treated in such manner that even if he gets out in 2015 he will be spending the rest of his days in therapy . 
   if there are any one out there that does n't celebrate easter , it would be interesting to hear the reason surrounding that . 
  how about not being christian or not observing christian holidays ? 
  why ? 
  kavos , you say ? 
  sounds intriguing . 
   he had over two weeks head start before the leaks became public . 
  he raised red flags the moment he stepped into the plane out of usa . 
  security contractors ca n't leave the country without month 's advance warning and he had n't given one . 
  from that point forward he was rogue . 
  the government did n't know what he had done , but whatever it was , it was bad . 
  so , essentially he was few hours behind the moment he landed on hong kong . 
  turned out that the us government was somewhat more incompetent than snowden had thought , but on paper he did n't have weeks . 
   he could 've gone anywhere . 
  where `` everywhere '' is , i believe you said , australia , indonesia and mexico , was n't it ? 
   hk is part of china after 2000 . 
  with their own autonomous government , meaning you ca n't put any human rights violations or other funny tricks from mainland into hong kong 's tab . 
   chinese intelligence has a strong presence there , and hk is subordinate to beijing what are you implying here ? 
  or actually , never mind . 
  it seems you have constructed your story and are sticking with , facts be damned . 
   what was preventing him from saying he was going to the mainland us and then flying to any other country that was n't our largest geopolitical foe ? 
  `` i had to travel with no advance booking to a country with the cultural and legal framework to allow me to work without being immediately detained . 
  hong kong provided that . 
  iceland could be pushed harder , quicker , before the public could have a chance to make their feelings known , and i would not put that past the current us administration . '', 
   he also could have flown to the us , crossed the border into mexico on foot or by car , and gone anywhere he 'd like to . 
  as he explained on the above quote , he needed a place that would n't fold instantly after the source of the leaks came public . 
  mexico could n't offer that . 
  and he could n't have gotten out of mexico without crossing borders , meaning he would have been trapped there till they found him . 
  you remember that not only did hong kong allow him to stay there for weeks , they even played time to allow him time to leave hong kong . 
   he arrived in china and immediately started granting interviews to chinese papers and telling them about us efforts to monitor sensitive locations within china . 
  [ 1 ] that 's published 22.6.13 . 
  he had arrived to hong kong over month before and this interview was granted after he had haddone his bit with greenward and others and given over the hard drives . 
  he had also published his name with that video tape the day before . 
  at this point he was doing everything he could to make a household name for himself and granted interviews to speed it up . 
  chinese papers are naturally on the top because they had ( 1 . ), 
  reporters close at hand and ( 2 . ), 
  snowden needed sympathy from the local politicians and population . 
  also , why do you keep saying `` china '' as to suggest that snowden was on the mainlaind ? 
  hong kong has autonomy and representative democracy . 
  i 'm sure you do n't refer visits to greenland as `` going to denmark '' . 
   that has nothing to do whatsoever with protecting the 4th amendment rights of us citizens , which he claimed was his motivation . 
  `` i really want the focus to be on these documents and the debate which i hope this will trigger among citizens around the globe about what kind of world we want to live in . '', 
  he added : `` my sole motive is to inform the public as to that which is done in their name and that which is done against them . '', 
  [ link ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jun/09/edward-snowden-nsa-whistleblower-surveillance ) ( 1 . ), 
  the fourth amendment does n't talk of us citizens but of all people that come to contact with us government . 
  at no point does snowden claim he is doing this solely for us citizens . 
  the quote specially says that he wants to change the way the world works , not just exclude us government from some particular technique . 
   he had a long time to think about where he wanted to end up . 
  yeah . 
  that would have been iceland , as said above . 
  but to be safe there he needed to drum up support first . 
  alas , for some reason his passport was cancelled and the only country that promised to take him in was russia . 
   it 's no coincidence he ran to america 's two largest enemies , who also happen to be two of the biggest human rights violators in the world . 
  human rights in hong kong : `` in general , hong kong is perceived to enjoy a high level of civil liberties . 
  the hong kong government generally respects the human rights of the citizens , although core issues remain . 
  there are concerns over the freedom of assembly which is restricted by the public order ordinance . 
  the police has been occasionally accused of using heavy-handed tactics towards protestors and questions are asked towards the extensive powers of the police . '', 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_hong_kong ) . 
  sound pretty good to me , particularly if calibrate our moral compass with the country that really screwed the occupy-protests , did the `` free speech zones '' , the highest number of prisoners per capita and guantanamo bay . 
  for china : `` greatest enemy '' is rather big word to be used for your second biggest trade partner and a big holder of your public dept. 
  last summer russia was just one regional power among many . 
  sure , the relationship was riggidy , but hardly in a state of cold war . 
  moscow had n't made any threads about nuking usa . 
  heck , your whole space strategy hinged on russian co-operation . 
  that 's not a `` greatest enemy '' . 
  and again , russia was n't the first choice . 
  he kept speaking of europe and iceland until he had to get to somewhere and only one country stepped up . 
   two of the biggest human rights violators in the world . 
  [ neither china ( mainland ) nor russia made the top 10 list last year ] ( https://maplecroft.com/about/news/hrra_2013.html ) . 
  ( for convenience : mainland china was # 16 and russia # 23 . ), 
  you know , i 'm not an expert on this subject . 
  but there are books written on this if you really want an authoritative answer . 
  this is what wikipedia says :  in may 2013 snowden took a leave of absence , telling his supervisors he was returning to the mainland for epilepsy treatment , but instead left hawaii for hong kong where he arrived on may 20 . 
  wikileaks reported that he was seeking asylum in iceland because of the country 's `` shared values . '', 
  iceland 's ambassador to china said icelandic law requires that asylum applications be made from within iceland . 
  snowden explained why he did not go directly from the u.s. to iceland : `` leaving the us was an incredible risk , nsa employees must declare their foreign travel 30 days in advance and are monitored . 
  there was a distinct possibility i would be interdicted en route , so i had to travel with no advance booking to a country with the cultural and legal framework to allow me to work without being immediately detained . 
  hong kong provided that . 
  iceland could be pushed harder , quicker , before the public could have a chance to make their feelings known , and i would not put that past the current us administration . '', 
  australia is one of five eyes , so it 's pretty obvious why he could n't go there . 
  i do n't know about mexico and indonesia , but i 'm going to guess that usa has a lot of pull in those countries .
