althing is the oldest and unlike most of those examples of yours , still existing . 
  i 'd probably choose some remaining part of the berlin wall . 
  it 's broken because we 're united . 
  and it is n't seen as german thing , but european thing . 
  ( i 'd pick eiffel tower if it were n't so french . ), 
   the houses of parliament . 
  it 's where parliamentary democracy was born , so i guess it symbolizes a lot . 
  and it 's a beautiful building !, 
  althing ( iceland 's parliament ) is older than the uk 's houses of parliament . 
  yeah , and swastikas are all friendly-like because that 's what they mean in their place of origin ( india ) . 
  news should be read in the context of the area , not in the context of origins or largest population . 
  well , that 's not really relevant as the newspiece was on a french site with most readership probably in europe . 
  you need a lot more police and soldiers if the population thinks them as henchmen of the 1 % instead of as protectors of the society as a whole . 
  my first connotation is dukes of hazard and all sort of small rebellions uneducated rural people do toward city imposed `` civilised '' mentality . 
  but i have n't thought about it too much . 
  `` racist '' would n't be the first word i 'd think , though . 
   the sight of a confederate flag in france is extremely rare as it is widely considered an emblem of slavery and racism . 
  seeing it hanging inside a public building is all the more shocking to french citizens . 
  < citation needed  , what does `` widely '' mean ? 
  it certainly does n't include finland . 
  stubb 's public image before this fall was that no matter what event , he looked like [ dracula just before biting ] ( http://img.mtv3.fi/mn_kuvat/mtv3/viihde/555_px_x_325_px_kuvia/602873.jpg ) . 
  if you do n't believe me , [ check the google image results ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=alexander+stubb&amp;es_sm=91&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=-d5xvit4njpaavcigkad&amp;ved=0cagq_auoaq&amp;biw=1465&amp;bih=911 ) . 
  well , i think it really tells a lot about us finns that we think of it as an important character point . 
  exeptional enough in finland that it gets noted . 
  that was in the summer when he was just elected and still tried to smile . 
  today he 's always grim . 
  sometimes i go through us-blogposts that talk about offensive stereotypes . 
  i have n't heard of most of them and those i have heard of i have no idea why they 're offensive . 
  chicken and watermelon is n't really an expectation . 
  at no point did i say anything about `` more racist '' . 
  baranor is implying because the social reality has changed since 1950s ( both blacks and women get into jury duty today ) the film 's story would be impossible to tell today . 
  because he apparently thinks the story was about 12 white men , not about 12 jurors coming to a decision . 
   90 % of americans wo n't know what a roma . . 
  yet us-media regularly makes references to gypsies and gypsy-curses . 
  usually rather racist ones , at that . 
  watching that second recent sherlock holmes-film felt extremely uncomfortable . 
   i do n't know where you 're going at , are you trying to say americans are more racist towards roma than europeans ? 
  my point was that racism is in the context and in awareness . 
  `` gypsies doing black magic to kill their enemies '' is about as racist as suggesting blacks really enjoy chicken and watermelon , speaking in ebonics and being really superstitious . 
  yet you are completely ok with the earlier yet try to do the best to avoid anything to do with the latter . 
  i 'm sure that we have casual racism in europe but so do people in usa . 
  it 's just that the roma do n't have a good lobby group like the blacks . 
  it probably reflected the reality of jury duty in usa back in 1950s fairly well . 
  it 's not the screentime , it 's the existence . 
  well , the angel can probably appear as whatever he likes . 
  it 's not like they have physical bodies , only preferences . 
  perhaps he likes looking like a black guy . 
  my point was mainly that the actor would n't have been cast as an angel 20 years ago yet nobody saw anything wrong with extremely racist portrayal of roma in the same show . 
  not to mention they had an anglo cast as the roma . 
   12 angry men was made in 1957 , it 's my favorite movie . 
  it 's about 12 white jurors discussing whether somebody is guilty of murder or not . 
  that 's 96 minutes of just 12 white men in the movie . 
  do you think anybody would even dare to make such a thing today ? 
  i have n't seen 12 angry men but i read the wikipedia-article so i could answer you . 
  the remake from the 1997 had some of the men be black and the judge to be a woman . 
   but what if the actor just nails the part ? 
  well , i would n't really say he nails it but he is n't bad either . 
  but this is besides the point , i think . 
  all spoons are cutlery but not all cutlery are spoons . 
  on the other hand i just watched the latest episode of * constantine * from us-telly and it had the bad guy of the week be a roma who did black magic ( called supernatural powers to kill her enemies ) . 
  i kept thinking how this was awfully racist from a tv-show which had an angel of christian god cast as a really creepy looking black guy apparently in an effort to be pc . 
   that she 'd always hire a swede over a foreigner because she just knew they 'd be better and she did n't want to deal with foreigners . 
  you could assume that a local person who understands the culture and language always has an advantage over foreigner who has just moved to the area and does n't speak the language . 
  it 's not just the ability to do the job but the ability to work with the other people at a workplace . 
  this is particularly important as swedish model is based on largely horisontal consensus-seeking . 
  there are relatively few situations where a foreigner is a better choice than a local . 
  of course would help if i knew what classroom this was in and what was the context . 
   finnish people being a depressed bunch . 
  this is offensive . 
  i 'm getting depressed just thinking about it . 
  the president of palestine is from fatah , as is the prime minister . 
  palestine legistative council have n't operated in years due to several reasons . 
  even if hamas were the governing party of palestine , it does n't matter . 
  sweden ( or countries in general ) do n't recognise governments , they recognise nations . 
  we do n't de-recognise nations just because the wrong party wins the elections or even when they start doing holocausts . 
  hamas rules in gaza . 
  it 's not the govenment of palestinian authority . 
  well , they 're okayish . . 
  they did find russian communication links though . 
  what do you love about the summer time in winter ? 
  is it the feeling of waking up and going to work before sun rises ? 
  open this up to me a bit . 
  / r/european , apparently . 
   and i can assure you most people love summer time and wish it would take place all year round . 
  who are these `` most people '' and why have i never met one ? 
   . . and instead got bored when they saw posts like , `` comparative map of yarn production per capita , '' and , `` poland questions romanian pig iron subsidies , '' so they stopped participating . 
  you make / r/europe sound so boring !, 
  like the soviet newspapers of old with news about production quotas and five year plans . 
  circumcision is the preferred solution to the problem . 
  in this case it 's done in the teens or later if stretching does n't work . 
  ( the things i know ... ), 
  those figures are often screwed by the fact that those dollar-a-day economies are n't very developed capitalistic societies . 
  many of the work that is paid with money in eu is there handled with favours . 
  ( easy comparison is a stay-at-home-mom vs. both-parents-work-and-hire-a-nurse . 
  the latter couple earns more but the money goes into upkeeping the nurse and not into better life quality . ), 
  you wrote `` they '' when speaking of hungary as a society ( which included / u/bazmeg ) . 
  but be as it may , i 've had my say . 
  i have often mused that confederations like eu seldom survive much past 20 years . 
  after that time they either break apart or encounter a reason to solidify into federations . 
  i ca n't but compare eu to the ( north - ) german confederation , with britain playing the part of austria .
