  ( father christmas ) ) , sometimes without spaces . 
  having a tesla in finland is a bit like owning the only train on a railway line . 
  you can go wherever you want , as long as it 's between a and b. . . or in this case , on the coast . 
  true , economics is n't my major ( it 's sociology ) . 
  i do have several courses in it , though . 
  markets try toward efficiency ( least cost ) on the conditions given to markets . 
  the idea being that if the efficiency does n't include the total wellbeing of the society ( and this includes stuff like democracy ) , you can always change the rules or intervene with public services . 
  my problem with ttip that while it might bring money in , it might destroy a lot of value that has been priced incorrectly . 
  and the pact would stop us from fixing it . 
  you note that economists are only interested in the economy , not the society around it . 
  economist saying that ttip is good for trade is a bit like motor enthusiast talking about formula 1-cars . 
  that does n't mean you want to do your daily shopping in one . 
  i honestly do n't see the use of emojis other than thumb up/down . 
  it does n't help thatthe high-pixel density phones have * really * small emojis . 
  it takes me few seconds just to understand what the emojis represent . 
  the low-pixel phones have it easy . 
  if ww1 started in balkans and the second in what 's now the centre of poland , and this in ukraine , the conflicts are slowly moving east . 
  perhaps ww5 is already in asia !, 
   that 's like saying `` england is the uk '' . 
  most of the older texts i read talk of `` england '' . 
  it 's only the texts post-1960 that seem to talk of `` uk '' . 
  he was n't a police officer himself . 
  only a person who taught police in how to take down people who get violent . 
  this was said to me by a teacher at the course . 
  he had gotten it from a finnish police trainer who had ( also ) used the video as an example . 
  i do n't have a link . 
  this video was used as an example of few mistakes at a course i was in . 
  it 's also used by the police school these days . 
  apparently the mushroom guy was martial arts educator for the estonian police . 
  you have a surprisingly high opinion on bud lite . 
  do you buy it often ? 
  filthy , disgusting lies !, 
  probably . 
  [ countries that are part of european broadcast union in dark blue , associates in light blue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_broadcasting_union#/media/file:ebu_member_elliptic.svg ) . 
  a small minority uses surnames in iceland . 
  one of those would be the most common surname , 
   korhonen - deaf according to wikipedia , the alternative explanation is village elder . 
  ( `` korho '' being one of those old words that have only survived in names . ), 
  that 's the joke . 
  what if france won ww1 ? 
  no more world wars after , right ? 
  russian empire used different gauge than the rest of europe . 
  and all the rails were built to russian metropolises ( finland got it somewhat better thanks to being an autonomous grand duchy ) . 
  today it means that ( 1 . ), 
  you have to cross the eu/russia border which is s-l-o-w and ( 2 . ), 
  use russian rails which are in horrible condition with few expectations , and even those have somewhat uneasy details ( the almost-brand-new helsinki-st . petersburg fast train goes through children 's playgrounds on the russian side ) . 
  so , to tie it up : no direct rails to mainland . 
  building direct rails impossible due to different gauge . 
  improving existing rails for speedier traffic impossible due to russian maltreatment of rails . 
  source : i 've briefly worked at the finnish bureau of rail safety and the russian trains/rails was one of the favourite break conversations . 
  it was there in case someone who does understand wants to take a peek , 
  looking at the finnish statistics page , they 're counting everything that has something to do with opiates , such as walking under a car due failing to spot the red light and drugs being found in the blood stream . 
  they also count people who use drugs as part of their treatment , if i understand the page correctly . 
  [ link in finnish . 
   that 's always seemed strange to me . 
  the nordics are generally so liberal on social attitudes , but their policy on drugs is anything but , even on `` light '' drugs like marijuana . 
  jante 's law . 
  individuals should try to mimic the majority , and the majority codifies it 's wills in laws . 
  thus most nordic states have state monopolies for both gambling and alcohol ( that tobacco does n't tends to amaze me ) . 
  this is the other side of the same coin that results in good public schools and health care . 
  somali-integration has somewhat failed , leading to large unemployment and poverty , which in turn leads to petty crime with the current youngsters ( though apparently not larger than finns in the same economic situation ) . 
  but i hasten to add , that not all somali-youths are petty crooks . 
  i linked yesterday to rather glorious video about somalis who had just gotten their white hats and talked about what they 're going to study in university . 
  i was immediatelly downvoted to hell for being `` suvakki '' . 
  anyway , somalis are the only large black minority in finland , so overlap with `` black '' and `` somali '' tends to be the same ( as / u/strukkstar said ) , to the point where people forget that black americans/europeans are actually black , because they are n't somali ( seen this in irl ) . 
  big reason is also that finland tends to group people by ethnicity/culture-groups first and by skin colour second . 
  those are different governments . 
  katainen and sipil\u00e4 . 
   so wheres russias excuse ? 
  it doesnt get one cause ... 
  the discussion has nothing to do with russia , but with fifa . 
  it would n't matter if the games were going to russia , finland or faroe islands : the selection process was seriously flawed and we still have time to fix it . 
  the question is : should we ? 
  in the earlier cases , the selection process was ( as far as we know ) honest and the problems started only few months before the event was held ( eg . 
  coup at argentina , hitler 's personality cult ) . 
  at that time it was either cancelling the event and incurring heavy losses to the organiser , to the sponsors , to the competitors who had practised years to take part etc. 
  ** or ** going forward as usual . 
  this is the first time we have a third , a better choice : new picking in the near-future , without money exchanging hands . 
  if russia 's bid was really as good as you think , then they will win the games hands down . 
  if not , nobody has lost anything and the games can still be held . 
  disregarding the fact that the world was a different place and people had different values , leading to different things being considered important . 
   berlin 1936 at this time , france and britain were the only major democracies in europe ( and they were both colonial empires with questionable racial policies ) . 
  pretty much everybody else was a dictatorship . 
  usa was a segmented society . 
  the non-european countries were mostly dictatorships or authoritarian regimes , too . 
  hitler 's policies at 1936 were pretty standard , and in retrospect they were horrible because what he did he did in europe , not in africa or india . 
   mexico 1968 soviet union & co. were threatening to be absent if south africa took part ( apartheid ) . 
  both usa and soviet union were backing dictatorships at the time , so democracy was n't an issue . 
   argentina 1978 there was a lot of debate should countries take part , particularly as the actions of host country reflected hitler 's doings so closely . 
  ( they all did , though . ), 
   seoul 1988 the olympics and the political demonstrations that surrounded it was one of the main reasons why south korea transitioned to democracy . 
  has `` keeping politics out of sports '' * ever * been true ? 
  continents have several definitions , of which only one is geographic . 
  how so ? 
  the baby boom shows in most population pyramids as bigger jump than the war shows as a hole . 
   there is a plethora of first-hand evidence from the survivors [ 1 ] describing the tortures , and people being forced to work to death starting with age of 16 . 
  would you have evidence on a site that is n't upkept for propaganda-purposes , preferrably in english . 
  should be easy to find . 
  after all , after the war soviet-mandated , - observed and - directed war trials were held and surely the death camps would have been mentioned in those . 
   mannerheim should have served soviets .
