  and , to end the summary in light news : [ the chair of jewish religious communities in finland had an interview where he said \\ ( 1 . \\ ) there does n't need to be any laws in finland regarding circumcision as there 's already one in the torah , ( 2 . ), 
  but if law is needed , jews would be ok with it it only applied to muslims and christians and ( 3 . ), 
  if it also applied to jews then it would be antisemitism and there would be an exodus out of finland . 
  there was also stuff about jewish day care that only takes jewish children : the boys have to be circumcised . 
  the chair defends this position by saying that like their parents , the child ca n't choose the course of his life . 
  hjallis sold it at the same time as jokerit . 
  the correct answer is that by using a format not tied to microsoft we make possible for local companies to bid for contracts that are now handed to an american company . 
  on a longer run these new bids will allow the companies a cash flow that might lead to actual innovations that can be monetarised outside eu . 
  what . 
  the roma arrived to europe around 1200 and reached swedish empire around year 1500 . 
  hardly `` thousands of years '' . 
   i myself have failed to understand why they do n't try to find a job and learn our language . 
  seeing how hard it 's to find work these days even if you have gone through the schooling system and now the culture , knowing the language would n't really put you any higher ahead . 
  also getting a job involves stuff like having documentation , permanent address , bank account etc. , stuff that the continental roma in sweden are n't going to have . 
  not to mention that learning the language is pretty hard when you ca n't afford teachers or do n't interact daily with swedish speakers . 
   the proportion of roma children attending pre-school in finland rising from 2 % to 60 % though it would be good to point out that the finnish roma were already fairly well-integrated lot thanks to some programs before 1975 or so aimed toward homogenising the finnish culture . 
  pretty much the only negative things about finnish roma that i can think of involve unemployment and family feuds . 
  the stuff that i hear about the continental roma on reddit ( such as illiteracy , pickpocketing , thieving , scamming , general asboing etc. ), 
  is n't really part of the problem here . 
  skipping preschool is n't a very big thing . 
  the roma did and do go to the actual school that starts the following year and stay there till the very end . 
  you are n't expected to be able to read or count when you start school . 
  all in all , highlighting the finnish condition in the report is rather concerning , as it basically meant that they successfully picked half of the fruits that not only hanged low but tried to independently jump into the basket . 
  edit : and note that this is the only solid result given in the summary . 
   you said the post was biased in nato 's favour , because its numbers included forces that were n't immediately available . 
  my point is that the same is true for russian numbers . 
  true . 
  but there 's a different between certain percentage of all units not being available and being able to pick which troops are immediately available . 
  it 's the difference between having half of your ice-hockey team sick and having everybody in the best of health , shape and training , but not having enough space to get everybody on the ice at the same time ( eg . 
  a positive problem ) . 
  nato 's most powerful troops are ( probably ) american and most of them are stationed somewhere else than europe ( and the bases in europe do n't host as many troops as they used to , 20 years ago ) . 
  meanwhile russia would have just those troops they need next to border and the next line waiting for somebody to shout go . 
  but i 'm not a military tactician and i could be ( and probably am ) wrong on how war would play out . 
  you do n't really need all your troops for the initial invasion . 
  the amount of troops becomes important once the battlelines become drawn , but in the initial blitzkrieg lesser amount of troops might even be preferred for speed . 
   the problem with this is i think it would be pretty much impossible for russia to mobilize enough troops for some massive scale westward assault without advanced warning nowadays . 
  it 's completely legit to bring forces to the border `` for training '' or for founding new bases . 
  russia has done both during the past few weeks . 
   the us sent russia a warning when it added 10 thousand troops to the ukrainian border , i do n't see a massive ww2 era army buildup going unnoticed . 
  yeah , after they had completely dropped the ball with crimea . 
  also the whole army does n't have to cross at the same time . 
  you just have to have enough troops and vehicles to keep the blitzkrieg going until they reach earlier established targets ( for example , the river that leads to gdansk ) . 
  these would be tanks etc. 
  and could easily be found in the bases near the border or brought to the border `` for training '' . 
  as the front goes forward to reach the previously named target you can leave few armoured vehicles behind and drop more soldiers by air for support . 
  you know have few days to bring more vehicles to the area and establish logistics before resistance forms . 
  in few days , you can easily drive vehicles from even fairly deep from russian territory to the named goal , particularly if you fix the roads beforehand . 
  edit : but i 'm no military tactician . 
  but this is how these things have been done previously . 
   i imagine they would n't wait with transferring their forces until the minute of the invasion . 
  the point is that they are n't here now . 
  and even when they are , it will not be every soldier and marine usa can put under arms . 
  [ finnish . 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/66bpgf9qm0zkt2z/2014-03-28%2015.08.45.jpg ) i 'm old enough that this is n't how cursive is taught to the younger generations . 
  apparently they instead practice typing at school . 
   the biggest problem with handwriting is the more beautiful it is the harder it becomes to read . 
  whereas you say that because you 're not accustomed to reading cursive . 
  if you had , you 'd find the text easy to decipher . 
  thank-you for the correction !, 
  vabsolute numbers that also include forces that are not on the continent are not much use if russia decides to roll over the borders without warning . 
  and in a hypothetical situation where this happens , russia might well overwhelm the border countries and march at least to the former iron curtain , if not farther . 
  attacking just estonia or just poland would n't make much sense when you 're triggering nato anyway . 
  usa might send conventional forces but shipping armaments takes a while and they have tied a lot of resources into middle-east . 
  so their muscle in europe is n't nearly as great as might be shown on the infograph above . 
  and most of the eu countries have their military geared toward operations outside their own borders ( ~ ~ including germany , iirc ~ ~ ) . 
  all in all , i see above post as wishful thinking at most . 
  ( not that i expect russia to trigger nato as long as there 's some delicious ukraine to be had . ), 
  remember that poland was attacked on two fronts . 
   ( my only minor nitpicking is about your use of term ' \u00d6sterland ' . 
  you probably used it to highlight the difference between this what-if-finland and real finland , but in reality it had already fallen out of use by the 16th century . ), 
  i know it had went out of use , but i am not aware of any one term used in the 17th and 18th century . 
  i 'm willing to be educated on this point !, 
  you guessed correctly that i wanted to use different terms for the historical finland ( what happened ) and what could have been . 
  referring to `` eastern sweden '' or `` swedish-ruled finland '' felt rather clunky . 
    this is also very meta , since google just told me that being a part of russia instead of sweden actually saved the finnish language of sorts . 
  they speak finnish in swedish lapland as well , so it has n't vanished even in sweden . 
  if \u00d6sterland had stayed part of sweden , many things would have been different . 
  sweden might have turned officially bilingual , for example . 
  it 's worth noting that finland only became bilingual in the first decade of 20th century , around the same time as voting franchise was expanded . 
  you simply could n't keep swedish as the only language when people were expected to take part in politics . 
  sweden that would have entered the 20th century with \u00d6sterland would have had similar problem . 
  you could n't have given such a huge minority voting rights without making language a minority question . 
  finnish speaking population of 1900 would have been around 2,2 million and swedish speaking population would have been around 5,4 million . 
  that 's about 30 % of the whole population who would have voted right about anybody who promised the chance to interact with government with their own language . 
  if the topic would have been repressed , it would undoubtedly have caused a civil war ( as the language question would have in \u00d6sterland correlated heavily with class - the less educated people would have been working in the agrarian and industrial sectors as workers , making this an excellent topic for red agitators ) . 
  around that time counties would still have educated people only to the minimum amount needed . 
  teaching every kid swedish would have been a huge investment and probably monetarily a rather stupid one . 
  if you lived in , say tammerfors or kajana , you could have travelled hundreds of kilometres to any direction without encountering a swedish speaker . 
  why would the county spend thousands upon thousands of crowns to educate people who only needed to be able to read instructions and perhaps write the occasional note ? 
    but protesters were also painted as communists in the west . 
  and being painted as a communist could make you unemployable or even get you shot . 
   not always and protests did influence policy . 
  a good example of someone emerging from the protest movement whose career was n't harmed was the former german foreign minister , joschka fischer . 
  true . 
  i was probably thinking usa ( and two-party systems in general ) when i wrote the above . 
  in a multiparty state even the votes of the protesters would be enough to rise representatives to the parliament . 
  once there , their views are somewhat validated by their position and they can try to gain larger consideration . 
   i would agree that conscription per se is not wrong , but when it is used to ensure a compliant population , it is not so good . 
  this was actually the whole `` service guarantees citizenship '' thing from heinlein 's starship troopers . 
  heinlein 's story apparently relied on the fact that the government was in war .
