  single or double glassed windows ? 
  bricks or natural wood ? 
  any art in the fa\u00e7ade ? 
  or delightfully bare ? 
  the suspense alone excites me !, 
  they 're both ok , because they 're taken during daytime . 
  did she escape through the window and disappear ? 
  it 's in the sidebar on the left . 
  you know wikipedia en has `` read the article on wikipedia fr '' - link ? 
  but well done , interesting quote !, 
   being biased has nothing to do with being right . 
  : ^ )   still more to do with being wrong than being right . 
  :  ) how does that follow ? 
  why do you think we have immigrant crisis . 
  money from west , land from east . 
  my first thoughts were ( 1 . ), 
  natives , ( 2 . ), 
  the pressure on finnish and baltic borders lessening and ( 3 . ), 
  ukraina having it easier . 
  it 's my opinion that russia can only concentrate on so many things at once . 
  but yeah , there 's some nelson muntz there as well . 
  russians collectively support putin and his politics . 
  if they did n't have such hardon on crimea and ukraine , perhaps russia would be better prepared for is ( which is pretty obvious threat ) . 
  was the british invasion of afganistan in the 19th century a prequel then ? 
  more like i ask about weather and it dials my professor . 
  must be nice that google recognises your accent . 
  that map should really be divided by region . 
  it 's insane to include lapland and deep countryside into nordic numbers . 
  interestingly , this does n't seem to correlate with population density or adoption of technology . 
  * her . 
  ( i do the same mistake myself ! ), 
  conservative = / = far right . 
  ( regular finns are centre-right party . ), 
   i 'm not going to discuss anyone 's beliefs since i value the religious tolerance . 
  i 'm not a beliver and the problem with utopist preeching is that the reality is usually far from their expectations . 
  all political parties have an idea what the perfect society would be like . 
  politics is then trying to reconsider these ideas with the rest of the society . 
   i 'm tierd of such discussions and excuses that communists usually make . 
  indeed , there was never a communist country in history , becouse ... you know , that 's the argument against democratic republics in the 18th century . 
  or against any development or progress . 
  i 'm not saying that communist country could work , but saying that it has n't thus far does n't mean it ca n't in the future . 
  on the least , the introduction of fully automatic factories gives the dilemma marx outlined 150 years ago a very relevant spin . 
   this is just an utopic idea , which is by definition unrealistic . 
  yes , that 's the other definition . 
  the first one is * an ideally perfect place , especially in its social , political , and moral aspects * . 
   the real problem here is that some fanatics are willing to sacrifice lives , usually of the others , to enforce their ideas . 
  this is a problem . 
   now you 're trying to convince me and , as i 've said , i see no point in discussing someone 's beliefs . 
  people discuss to share information and learn . 
  what other reason is there for conversation ? 
  i have n't asked you to believe anything . 
  you can check the definitions of communism in a dictionary . 
  they are , btw : - a theoretical economic system characterized by the collective ownership of property and by the organization of labor for the common advantage of all members . 
  - a system of government in which the state plans and controls the economy and a single , often authoritarian party holds power , claiming to make progress toward a higher social order in which all goods are equally shared by the people . 
  - the marxist-leninist doctrine advocating revolution to overthrow the capitalist system and establish a dictatorship of the proletariat that will eventually evolve into a perfectly egalitarian and communal society . 
  a communist is a person who wants to follow one of these definitions . 
  you note that the first definition does n't mention violence , the second one is relatively ok ( for an authoritarian regime ) and only one is the one you 're so heavily opposed of . 
   a `` soviet '' is just a name of a gathering , in slavic languages that 's usually `` rada '' . 
  then you should talk about russian communists or marxist-leninists or something , but thus far you 've worked with a very wide brush . 
   they had to know what was going on in soviet russia before these purges and this is what every communist cosmopolite wanted to be happenning everywhere . 
  you mean , the finnish communists who moved to karelia in 20s to build communists utopias only to get killed in the 30s during stalin 's purges ( with the expectations of the people who escaped over border ) ? 
  you say they knew what was coming and decided to stay and get their families killed ? 
  and why would people ( in finland or karelia ) know what was decided in moscow before it was implemented ? 
  there was no internet and no reuters to push news to local papers . 
  people did n't speak russian , either . 
  and remember : we 're talking about farmers and factory workers here , not political pundits . 
   somehow i doubt they had such a support amongst the `` working class '' . 
  yet the finnish government at the time believed so , hence the witch hunts . 
   indeed , but these terms are overlaping , no matter some singular exceptions , differences or factions . 
  i believe that the central tenet of communism is belief that having the means of production in the hands of the few instead of being run by the community is wrong , and something should be done about it . 
  everything else is open to discussion . 
  circles tend to overlap . 
  this is true for all things , which is why you should never try to settle things with large bush such as `` all left-wingers are evil supporters of [ stalin/soviet union ] '' ( which you did by bundling socialists with communists ) . 
  this is true particularly if you start to talk about histories and policies of other countries . 
  for example , if you start talking about `` nazis and all their allies are evil '' , then you get to conclusions like invasion of estonia was justified and war with finland was great thing , too . 
   post occupational ? 
  you mean after 1993 when the last occupation forces moved out ? 
  yup . 
  i believe that in your head `` communism '' and `` soviets '' are interchangeable . 
  which leaves out stuff like yugoslavia or post-ww2 finnish communist party and finnish social democratic party : the former party which ended up not getting get money from soviet union for ideological differences and the latter who did get money from united states . 
   soviet union was just a communist state soviet union was a state-capitalist country with a dictator in helm , with a bureaucracy that did n't work and with subjects that did n't set the country before their own needs . 
   it 's nice that you 're educated , but this makes your lack of knowladge in several points even more shamefull . 
  especially in a disussion with a simple biotechnologist . 
  well , i do n't claim to be an expert , but many of your claims seem to be based on the fact that communists in poland were like this , so clearly they had to be similar in finland . . or the world over . 
  people are different , and the society where they operate are different as well . 
  both affect the way people react . 
   i do n't want to convince you , all i want is to explain how mistaken you are about communism . 
  i think our main disagreement is that you seem to use `` soviet regime '' , `` supporters of soviet regime '' , `` communism '' , `` socialists '' and `` internationalism '' interchangeably . 
  some of these terms have overlap , but not all , and none of them completely . 
  keep in mind that left-wing ideologies were and are famous for `` expanding by dividing '' . 
  perhaps you are more aware of what these terms meant in ( post ) - occupational poland than what it meant in capitalist states or in 3rd way countries like finland ? 
  that lenin/stalin claimed that communism meant the same as loyalty to soviet union did n't mean that the laypeople bought that . 
  after all , communists existed before soviet union and they exist after soviet union , too . 
   i could recommend several books , but you could at least start with wikipedia and basics . 
  i 've read political history as a minor here at the university and my major is sociology . 
  i am somewhat familiar with communism and marx 's writings , 
   you have to be seriously naive , or just misinformed . 
  or perhaps i just happen to know finnish history ? 
  things are n't always as clear-cut . 
  a lot of finnish communists escaped soviet union during the purges of early 30s .
