  i would still have finnish passport and i would still not need it when going to \u00c5land . 
  what more , i kind of feel that letting \u00c5land go would be really neat . 
  we would also get a new nordic neighbour with whom we could co-ordinate our laws with ( as we currently do with our other former countrymen , swedes , norwegians and danish * ) . 
  that sweden and finland found a way to solve the \u00c5land question ( that had been a problem for sweden the whole 19th century ) 100 years ago with meditation from league of nations is still a very important chapter in how swedes and finns see themselves . 
  we did n't start a war , but sat on the same table , came to a conclusion that was acceptable for both and then went on to build a friendship that went far beyond good trade relationship ( special considerations for citizens of the other nation above other foreigners , free movement over borders without identification in 1950s etc ) . 
  it 's stuff like that which should make citizens patriotic , not the extend of borders . 
  having \u00c5land leave on it 's own would be a fitting bookend . 
  not a case of losing , but one of victory . 
  [ citation needed . ], 
  much of the stuff that were threatened with were stuff that would have had to be solved during the two years of transition time . 
  scotland/england spit-off would n't have been the first time in history a country splits in two and every other time it has always worked out . 
  i find it interesting that what the `` no '' - group essentially said was that scotland ca n't do without special interests taking care of them [ banking sector/english central bank/rule from westminster/whatever ] and due to this those special interests should have special consideration not only on this one walk of life but every walk of life . 
  i felt that those arguments for staying in uk were as well arguments to get away . 
  but of course , not my decision . 
  finland can not into europe ; _ ;, 
  my first thought was `` i did n't know that things were so bad in hungary '' . 
  better this way , i suppose . 
  haribo you say ? 
   like with the cnn 's reporting of scottish referendum [ 1 ] . 
  well , were it rt , this would be entirely cromulent . 
  we may have different definitions . 
  rovaniemi is one of the biggest cities in europe by area yet there live only 60 000 people . 
  outside city centre ( because the city also includes a lot of forrest ) you can literally walk hundreds of kilometres into pretty much any direction ( including to sweden ) without seeing evidence of humans expect the occasional road . 
  there 's been more than one . 
  they should have had a choice . 
  like , `` vote yes , see braveheart ; vote no , see king 's speech '' . 
  too soon . 
  ( i still upvoted . ), 
  you can drive a car even if the wheel is on the right wrong side . 
  anyway , sweden switched in 1968 and i doubt they all bought new cars back then . 
  there 's the right side and the wrong side . 
  surely you 're familiar with the concept ? 
  you can watch only one . 
  happy to be pedantic : apparently none of the terrorists during russification , civil war or 30s were ever brought to justice ? 
  ( edit : oh , this is / r/europe and not / r/finland . 
  i 'm criticising that we are redefining `` terrorism '' as `` violence done by muslims in name of religion '' . 
  before ww2 there were several terrorist organisations running in finland , some of which were brought to justice . ), 
  the overtly american humour of an englishman who writes his own scripts ? 
  sure we have !, 
  we have been courting them since orange revolution ten years ago . 
  that american-map could also be the russian map . 
  ukraine 's place is marked on the `` communist-zone '' but ( even before the war ! ), 
  there was some push to get it to the `` buffer zone '' . 
  he answered [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gd9t1/i_was_a_member_of_the_european_parliament_for_29/ckhyt43 ) . 
  you 're not talking about ideologies , you 're talking about the competencies of the people in charge . 
  no , he means the overgod . 
  well , they do exist . 
  dramatisations of books but original stories as well . 
  great stuff . 
  do n't know if italy has them , but finland produces them and britain produces them . 
  would expect that italy produces them , too . 
  til, 
   how can you do something else if you have to read ? 
  there are these things called radio plays . 
  they are useful in that you also do n't miss what happens on the screen . 
  sometimes i watch latino soaps ( my dad 's wife is addicted to them ) . 
  this gets fairly close . 
  5/5 , would laugh again . 
  i thought it was for eurovision sc : finnish/swedish vo or off . 
  that 's the only show that has that feature enabled . 
  i even call it `` the eurovision mode '' . 
  also the speed . 
  i was really proud when i was finally fast enough to read the first line before it vanished . 
  i think we may even have had a smallish party when i started getting the second line regularly . 
  [ spoiler : i was 17 . ], 
   we have a social democratic welfare state right now mate . 
  do you mean scotland or britain as a whole ? 
   finland would have to pay back any investment a company made before the industry was nationalized . 
  from news and references i understand that the payback is n't the investment , but the expected worth of the investment . 
  this seems logical too , otherwise stuff like health service providers would be put in a real hard spot . 
  after all , most of the equipment is n't exactly expensive : a general practitioner needs a rented room and a computer along with some wooden sticks . 
  supported housing for elderly is n't much more complicated . 
  and so on . 
  county could simply announce that the contract would be terminated at the turn of the year and pay back for few computers . 
  at worst they would have to buy some infrastructure that they need in any case if they are going to continue the operation in any form . 
  i do n't think this is the case , otherwise some lobby group would have mentioned it in the news already . 
   the fujitsu gbp700 million judgement for the nhs shows many of these protections already exist . 
  i 'm not familiar with the case . 
  if you are going to use it as your main support , could you give me a link ? 
   it would have to be acceptable to everyone at the national level to pass , so it can not be too radical . 
  `` radical '' is under discussion . 
  after all , the pressure for any national operator is immense to accept . 
  normal peer pressure . 
  nobody wants to be the guy who 's face is plastered in media worldwide with the title `` wrecker of multibillion deal '' . 
  particularly if there are people in the home country who would gain from the deal . 
   i personally prefer it this way . 
  given the amount of lobbyists brussels and washington have , i am glad they do it behind closed doors then put it to a vote . 
  according to tacd , usa shows the drafts to corporate advisors ( that is , the biggest american companies ) . 
  it 's only private citizens who are left out . 
   i am talking about opposition to the japanese agreement from the european public . 
  why should europeans be in opposition to what japanese do ? 
  even if it would concern us , we hardly even get outraged on stuff that directly affects us , not to mention stuff that might have something to do with us a decade down the road . 
  and anyway , what could we do ? 
  we are n't a negotiating party . 
   i was talking about entering a market . 
  it would be easier for an insurance company to enter a new market than a healthcare service provider . 
  perhaps . 
  but not impossible . 
  you can privatise public services , sell public infrastructure to private companies or turn over public services for private management . 
  all of these have been done in finland during the past 15 years due to neoliberal belief that private is always more cost-effective than public .
