   ... they shouted at you , gave you rooms without toilet seats and soap and you gave them a good review ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  `` you got what you payed for '' did you go to a run down inn that costed 5 $ a night in a bad neighborhood ? 
  it was on a really nice neighbourhood near the sights * and * had a supermarket nearby . 
  the place was run-down , but clean . 
  and much cheaper that i would have expected , all things considered ( though a lot more than 5 $ a night ) . 
  the missing toilet seat was a bummer , but on the other hand , most hostels have toilets and showers shared by all travellers in the building , not just by room . 
  so the fact that i had to do my more serious business outside the room did n't really register . 
   also you said that the other receptionist was nice and accomodating but your basic concept of italians is based on the other rude employee ? 
  forgive me if my tone looks rude to you , but i do n't think that judging an entire country because of a couple of users with no upvotes and a hotel manager is a good or even intelligent thing . 
  the shouting incident . . 
  the other employee was friendly etc. , but that did n't mean they fixed the lights or got the soap when i mentioned the only working toilet i had access to was missing them . 
  instead i was instructed to wash my hands in the kitchen , on the other side of the building . 
  ( the first time i took this to be a temporary solution , but i ended up doing it the whole time i was there . ), 
  i also mentioned the problems i had with the other employee and asked what had happened . 
  they just brushed it off , so i believe it had been mentioned in either my file or in the office meeting beforehand . 
  and was n't something that they felt was important . 
  i also related the story later that evening to the person i shared the room with ( an italian from near the austrian border ) and he did n't grasp why i had bothered to have the conversation about fixing the room in the first place , either . 
  based on these two `` character witnesses '' , i came to the conclusion that this was a cultural clash and while i did n't think the episode had been handled with professionalism , i did n't think it was right for me to assume people should act like finns in italy . 
  so i just went along with it . 
  and am now relating this as a insightful story about italian mentality , so there 's that . 
   so i found your thread from 2 yars ago and is quite different from what you are saying here . 
  personally , i felt the description fit rather well considering that * i read that topic two years ago * . 
   pretty much all users agreed that it looked like a fake racist joke they also claimed that finns were racist too , but not one quoted me a racist comment when i asked for an example . 
   where is the post that you linked ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/italy/comments/25dy0j/cultural_differences_between_finns_italians_and/ ) . 
  apparently it was two years ago . 
  as such , the story above is a recollection , not a faithful recounting . 
  edit : let me add that i felt they were rather disrespectful , rather like you were to me above . 
   i 'd be very curious to see who said that `` north italians live in northern europe '' and that `` south europeans are lazy '' . 
  you can check the thread if you want to . 
   as your hotel experience yeah dude tough luck , you found an establishment run by assholes . 
  [ - - ] next time check online reviews before booking a place in a touristic area . 
  i did check the reviews . 
  they said that the hotel was clean and the staff was friendly and accommodating . 
  all this was true : there were several cleaners on the premises , my room was switched when i brought things to their attention and the other reception person was really social and chatted with me for about half an hour about films , nature and whatnot . 
  also really helpful with the public transportation , sights and what not . 
  also , you note that i do n't mention the hostel by name because all in all , i got what i paid for . 
  i also gave the hostel good reviews online . 
  however , this does n't change the story above . 
   good job , obviously our whole country is like that , all 60 millions of us . 
  surprisingly , people make assumptions of the whole based on the parts they 've seen . 
  well , by finnish standards it 's pretty strict definition . 
  less than month every year , usually . 
  because i 'm not chinese and prefer to sit when egressing solids . 
  i 'm a student and i traveled before the tourist season began . 
  when i said it was summer , i meant that it was over 20 degrees celsius . 
  i remember how last summer when i was visiting italian cities i slept in this half-empty hostel ( former hotel ) with three beds and a shower per room . 
  i checked the room where my bed was , found it adequate for the price asked but noted that bathroom 's toilet lacked a seat and one of the electricity plugins looked really dangerous to go near . 
  i said as much to the reception and asked them to note these down so they could be fixed later . 
  they said that they could not be fixed while i was there and moved me to another room . 
  i thanked them , moved my stuff to the next room ( where the seat was also broken , but at least no electricity cables were in the open ) and while going out to eat asked the reception once more to forward the problems to the repair man . 
  they asked why , as i had already been allocated a new room . 
  i said that while it does n't matter to me personally , i would be interested in providing a good experience to the guests down the line -- and i would think this would be the hostel 's interest as well . 
  they did n't understand me , and when i tried to explain my pov , they got angry and shouted at me . 
  i was in the hostel for three days , and that employee never talked to me during that time , only looked at the monitor until i relented and left . 
  btw , because neither rooms had toilet seats , i used the toilet near the reception . 
  the light bulb was broken and there was no soap next to the sink - only an empty bottle . 
  said about this to ( another employee ) at the reception , who said it would be fixed post haste . 
  neither new bulb nor soap materialised while i was there . 
  this memory is my basic concept about italians . 
  edit : this was near venice . 
  about a year ago lewis ( the creator of those graphs ) wrote an article where he recounts observing a tourist group consisting of finns and italians . 
  as i recall , the finns wanted to wave not going to some place because the weather looked bad , while italians claimed they wanted to go because `` they paid to go there '' , claimed finns were trying to steal their money , how the whole vacation would be ruined if they did n't the to the place in the itinerary . 
  in the end , the group decides to go . 
  the next morning , the weather is horrible , but the finns show up , go to the agreed-upon place and spend a day in misery . 
  in the evening the finns ask the other part of the group why they did n't show up and the answer is the logical `` the weather was horrible '' . 
  i thought the story was really stereotypical and nasty toward italians , so i linked it to / r/italy and asked their opinion . 
  i learned that : 1 . 
  i should not call italians south europeans , because south europeans are lazy and north italians live in the north europe . 
  the story was stereotypical and nasty , as it seems to take finns ' side , but why did the finns go to the place ? 
  it 's not logical to go to a place where you 're miserable . 
  in fact , the finns were dicks in the story because they were trying to guilt-trip the italians into doing something they did n't want to do . 
  you know why switzerland is neutral ? 
  [ because when you sum plus and minus , you get neutral . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/flag_of_austria.svg/2000px-flag_of_austria.svg.png ) edit : would work better as : `` do you know why switzerland is neutral even as they have a plus in their flag ? 
  they 're next to a minus '' . 
  not oil , more like fat . 
  similar to what people put on lips to stop them from breaking in cold . 
  my favorite time for swimming . 
  cola does n't get warm while in the water and there 's more space on the beach . 
  this is a major problem for infrastructure . 
  [ dying ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frostbite ), 
  they went out of fashion in the 1980s . 
  my mom put some on me when i was kid ( and used it herself ) . 
  i asked about it last year and she was really vague why it was used or why it was n't used anymore . 
  apparently it kept warm and was good for the skin . 
  i 'm theorising that they stopped selling them when people started able to afford more coats and/or you had to go less to the cold ( due to warmed cars , subterranean tunnels in the cities etc. ), 
  scarf and a good hat works fine in -30 as well . 
  ` tis for for the annals . 
  welfare state is a general term , nordic ( or `` swedish '' or `` social democratic '' ) model is not . 
  it means a welfare model with single government provider of services , as opposed to continental corporal-statist and the anglo-saxon liberal model . 
   there is no clear definition of a welfare state . 
  in sociology introduction courses , we used esping-andersen 's classifications completed with `` southern model '' , which was the one used in the mediterranean countries . 
  privacy , i suppose . 
  when they launched in finland about five years ago there was a drunk being put into police van just next to my home . 
  on larger scale , the camera-car also stored people having sex or peeing at the roadside , views to private porches or through a window ( the camera lens are higher than most people 's faces ) houses in bad condition that were since renovated , people looking at opposite sex ' underwear in the store windows etc. 
  and those pictures will stay online * forever * . 
  sure , the pictures ( names , licence plates , etc. ), 
  were blurred after ( in finland , perhaps not everywhere ) protects the privacy of those people in general sense ( we do n't know who had sex by the roadside ) , but it 's not hard to know who the drunk was from his clothes or from revealing that somebody was peeing there ( both humiliating for the town council , and perhaps for the persons themselves even with anonymity ) , that the house looked like one way at one particular time ( some people find this important ! ),
