  its roots are inherently leftist . . no it was n't . 
  some early members had history in socialist student politics ( namely : satu hassi ) , but none of them were among the founders . 
  also , there 's a difference between `` socialist '' left ( like sdp and the left alliance ) and social liberalism , on which green alliance was founded upon . 
  ( the difference being roughly that according to the first ones , all the wealth produced by society should be more or less equally divided by society . 
  according to the latter one , those in weaker position should be heard and taken into account . 
  it 's a question between `` right ( as in free speech ) '' and `` justice '' . ), 
  counties do n't decide on nuclear policy , so the whole issue was completely unrelevant in the last elections anyway . 
   far-left do you have any studies to back this up ? 
  most analysis ' i 've read place them centre-left , near sdp . 
  these were the local elections . 
  finnish * kommuns * just have far more autonomy than swedish ones . 
  many of the things that the other nordic states manage on national or provincial basis are ( as of yet , still ) managed by the counties . 
  alas , people do n't usually realize how much power counties have and tend to not vote on them -- preferring to whine on bad local policies on the national elections , where nothing can be done . 
   economically their policies are more left-wing . 
  at least , in rhetoric their policies are more left-wing . 
  in practice , they do n't have economic policy . 
  no , they have autonomy for home policies ( like scotland ) , but they do n't have a seat in the un etc. 
   in reality swedish is popular in finland and there are no laws to forbid them from speaking the language . 
  you are confusing cause and effect . 
  it 's the work of the swedish ' speaking finns ' people 's party that this is the case . 
  part of denmark . 
  it 's way too fancy . 
  it 's a song about our land , so it should simply be named `` our land '' . 
  there , done , let 's go for a beer . 
  my personal pet-peeve is that everybody must be called presidents . 
  education and class may not mean money , but money tends to mean education . 
   i know for a fact that many of the least `` posh '' britons would love to go to america for every holiday they take if they could , given how less educated folk seem to romanticise the image of america more frequently and also how they could enjoy the sunshine in a country where english is spoken natively , they simply ca n't because of the cost of flights and hotels . 
  and my point is that if you have money , you probably also have education as well - and education tends to show through . 
  well , it would explain why the continentals have such a vastly different view of brits than the americans do . 
  after all , the plane tickets are more expensive , so people who go to america are people who want to do something more than just bath in the sun - that you can do closer to home , after all . 
  that something would probably have something to do with culture ( if nothing else , then checking famous places ) . 
  that assumes an interest on higher reaches of maslow 's hierarchy , and as such somewhat more `` posh '' habitus as well , perhaps ? 
   where are the posh pretty ones ? 
  america ? 
  you made this ? 
  i made this . 
  beer is cheaper than soda , i found out last week when being the designed driver at a bar in petersburg . 
  who 's marine a and what did she do that 's as important as what may did ? 
  i went to georgian restaurant last weekend and i 'm almost completely sure that their food has only one secret ingredient and its huge amounts of grease . 
  i quite enjoyed the post and i 'm happy that they chose to write it . 
  you can write long posts because you enjoy writing long posts , not just because you are angry . 
  and that 's why i asked about it . 
  it seems so arbitrary number , particularly if the idea is just to counter russia . 
   agreed at a nato meeting in 2009 . 
  the point is , when russia took crimea and began deploying soldiers close to the old soviet states , the us was there . 
   i meant `` what 's the math behind the number '' ? 
  but thank you for taking the time to answer !, 
  being able to defend your territory ( and the areas surrounding it ) and being able to send your soldiers to another side of the world to fight a war are two extremely different skill-sets . 
  if we 're just interested in being able to match russia ( and then some ) , we need far less money than 2 % ( where does this figure come from anyway ?!, 
  ) , even when keeping in mind that russia has lower salaries etc. 
  which mean they can build and hire more for the same amount of dollars as eu . 
  [ indeed . 
  summon the meteors . 
  ] ( http://pbfcomics.com/archive_b/pbf055-dinosaur_meteors.jpg ), 
  i remembered that back when the skyscrapers were done , that part of nyc was still in the suburbs . 
  the lack of skyscrapers in old cities is mostly because there were already old buildings that were worth keeping . 
  in new york the buildings were built on undeveloped land or over temporar constructions . 
  my point was that money was valuable because it was metal , not because it had certain value stamped on it . 
  i do know that greeks ( for example ) printed coins with cheaper metals in the middle to scam money-users etc. 
  here 's one [ link about the coins in japan ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/archaeology/roman-coins-discovery-castle-japan-okinawa-buried-ancient-currency-a7332901.html ) . 
  it 's linked to an article about [ persian man teaching maths in japan in the seventh century ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/persian-maths-discovery-japan-carved-wood-artefact-archaeologists-1000-years-a7347726.html ) . 
  as persia/iran is almost stone-throw away from the empire , it 's possible that the coins did n't travel hand-to-hand but were carried by the same person all the way to the end . 
  note , however , that as the coins were of precious metals , it did n't really matter what was stamped on them . 
  this was n't a question of fiat money where you had to know the exchange rates etc. 
  remember that most of human history the borders just meant taxation and drafting areas with huge amounts of autonomy for the taxed areas - after all , letters took weeks or even months to deliver and reports on if they were acted upon would take at least the same amount of time - so most of the time the king did n't bother . 
  even in sea ports the mayor was nigh-sovereign as long as long he did n't cause enough shit that the king felt it was worth mobilising the army ( in the north , due to short growing seasons , a land ca n't support a standing army ) . 
  you did n't need passports to cross the borders that were n't probably even marked on the land in any way . 
  people traded and moved freely . 
  it 's worth noting that we were in the 1850s before finnish grand duchy stopped using swedish crowns as legal tender and when border control in the north was started . 
  the tribes who were paying tribute to sweden or russia were living their own finnish lives , with very little interest from central government before around mid-18th century , when things started to slowly turn around due to railroads and telegraph . 
  karelia ( outside the isthmus ) was still hundred or more years into the past when world war 2 started . 
   the moscow peace treaty of 1940 allowed them to return and become soviet citizens ; i believe the returnees can be counted with the fingers of one hand . 
  i heard a story concerning that few weeks ago . 
  apparently a couple had just finished renovating this really fine house near viipuri and were really sorry to leave it . 
  so when soviet union offered citizenship and their house back , they took it even though their friends and family advised against it . 
  surprisingly , they were sent to siberia and after some years they finally got to go to estonia , where they settled . 
  few decades later their kid got to visit finland ( this was late 1970s ) as part of a choir and happened to meet some relations and see how they had fared . 
  the kid ( i believe it was a woman ) saw how things were going in finland compared to estonia and was rather bitter for her parents ' decision . 
  this story was told to me by my aunt who met the estonian in the late 1970s and again last year ( if i understand correctly , she was visiting estonia and jumped on a taxi that was driven by the singer 's relation - apparently my aunt and the taxi driver chatted and she brought up how she met her first estonian , and the taxi driver realised he knew the person and arranged a re-meet . 
  apparently the singer was rather happy about the developments of the last 35 + years ) . 
  i 'm going to guess something about being a former special forces operative with dozens or even hundreds of confirmed kills . 
  iceland , i suppose . 
  thanks to the volcanoes , they get more land every few years . 
  why does finland have post-1945 borders ? 
  do n't swedes study german and english at junior high and above ? 
  note that the swedish course is in english , so the users are probably from other developed countries . 
  also , if duolingo is n't well-known in sweden , then most of the users would be people who learned of it somewhere else and moved to sweden . 
  immigrants who already speak english , because duolingo is n't available on arabic ( iirc ) . 
  so probably poles , finns , etc. 
  i do n't want to say anything about trump 's usa , but this does seem like reality there . 
  the booths do have `` this is what the numbers should look like '' infomercial . 
  and in practice the votes are approved if observers from different parties are unanimous on what the voter meant . 
  you do n't need much dexterity to be able to draw a number in a manner that it ca n't be confused to the nine other numbers . 
  for example , even without hands i - with two functional arms - can draw `` 17 '' with my mouth if i have to . 
   people should be able to vote without help from others but of course there are people who are paralyzed from neck down etc. 
  for those people the polling stations have assistants who can draw the number for you and when returning the ballot another observer asks if the number in the ballot is the one you wanted to make . 
  what does it look like for parliament elections ? 
  it 's nice to know the results quickly . 
  additionally , watching the telly together is a bonding experience for the nation . 
  there are model numbers in the booth .
