  woho , what progress from the old left right bullshit . 
  his campaign was mostly empty speeches and waving flags around . 
  i did n't and do n't get why people liked him so much . 
  just wait for his labor reforms , the streets are gon na be filled with protestors . 
  the unified front is showing cracks . 
  clean up on aisle four . 
  hard times ahead for golden boy, 
  crafty sea-germans . 
   he 's a member of the senate of virginia . 
  but it 's the great state of virginia , it must mean a lot !, 
  / s this is a big fucking plate of nothing burger . 
  wide spread strikes . 
  the economy might improve , but it takes years for structural changes to become apparent . 
  by that time he might have horrendous polling . 
  probably because the women in question are competent , no ? 
  or is it the magic power of the vagina ? 
   the commission announced a target of having at least 40 % women in management by 2019 . 
  how about having the goal that 100 % of the management are competent people , regardless of gender , color and all the jazz . 
  too bad people do n't have a numerical value for their competence tattooed on their forehead , so that it is as obvious as the color of your skin or gender ... 
  we 've tried now for several years , yet it 's still going on . 
  getting rid of him was a stupid decision . 
  he was a horrible despot , but he did guarantee a certain amount of order and security in the area . 
  too bad he 's mostly a neo-liberal guy with some philosophic , young guy flair . 
  i 'm just waiting for him to begin his labor reforms , it 's gon na get ugly . 
  it can provided that the two remaining blocks do n't have enough support within them to form an effective government . 
  the current polls show that neither the socialist nor the conservative block is able to get a majority rule going without the support of sd . 
  they can of course keep brokering deals trying to keep sd out , but as we 've seen the last three years , that 's a bad idea . 
  sd has gone from 13 % to 20 % + , and some polls have them at 25 + . 
  if this keeps going on for another election cycle , sd will become the biggest party . 
  sd ( sverigedemokraterna ) have been beating the drums for a referendum on swexit . 
  v\u00e4nsterpartiet is eurosceptic as well . 
  the current migration wave that could 've been stopped if gadaffi was still in power will cost us much more than the one attack he orchestrated . 
  well , the problem is that the alliance did n't want sd 's support . 
  they even went so far that they struck an agreement with the s lead minority government to ensure that sd did n't get any influence . 
  every move the last three years has been about marginalizing the sd , with disastrous consequences . 
  they did everything to keep sd out , and now sd might go from 13 % to as high as 25 % . 
  the whole thing is a mess . 
  either sd enters government as the biggest party down the line , or we end up with a weak minority government that exists on sd 's whim or a grand coalition . 
  edit : also , the fixed term in the swedish parliament means that a new election right now is only going to decide the strength of the parliament until the next `` ordinary '' election in autumn 2018 . 
  a snap election will give the next government a whopping year to do its stuff before another vote is called . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_swedish_general_election,_2018 ) tldr : the swedish populist party ( sd ) is about to ruin everyone 's day . 
  the former main opposition party ( m ) has broken its own back . 
  wait , is that the side the french are supporting or the other one ? 
  it 's a fucking mess . 
  til we 're eastern/central europeans . 
  the whole `` chlorinated chicken '' is a red herring . 
  the procedure is fine , both in terms of hygiene and safety . 
  for some reason people picture the chicken being injected with non-safe level of chlorine , that is then consumed by the general public . 
  there are a lot of things you can criticize about the way the us produces food , including the level of antibiotics , but the chlorine washed chicken in a non-issue . 
  i do n't think they did . 
  did they run some sort of internet based botnet operation in his favor in social media ? 
  yes , probably . 
  did they hack the voting machines and flip some votes ? 
  probably not . 
  yet , trump did n't win the election . 
  clinton lost it . 
  trump had some of the worst ratings in the history of presidential candidate , luckily for him he was up against an even worse candidate . 
  and now he says he does n't want to give interviews , as the press is too far beneath his intellectual abilities , and thus misrepresent him when they write about him . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  he 's like a smarter , more eloquent version of the populists we 've seen before . 
  are you talking about the fact that he won with a minority of the votes ? 
  in that case ; the system has been like that since forever . 
  had the electoral college been abolished and replaced with a pure popular vote , the election campaigns would 've played out differently . 
  republicans do n't care to campaign in california , since its a waste of resources for example . 
  it 's a non-argument given how the system works . 
  donald trump has no chance to win the 2016 election , says all of the media . 
  it 's about time we put sweden under joint nordic administration . 
  denmark , dust off your claims , we 're taking it back !, 
  misplaced optimism leads to complacency . 
  golden boy is looking worse and worse by the day . 
  orban really knows how to play his cards , and being under the protective wings of the epp will ensure that he 's not impeded too much in his quests . 
  clever cookie , as trump would say . 
  we 'll have to see if kurz keeps the rhetoric up after the election has ended , most politicians have a tendency to slide back as the election night rolls over . 
  great facial hair tho . 
  i love corporate speech . 
  it has become very clear that german companies do n't care much for rules or regulations . 
  i personally like using ketchup on mine . 
  if we all give a few euros each , every monk seal could have its own beach chair . 
  do n't wait , do your part now by sending `` give monk a chair '' to 1-800-save-them . 
    once granted asylum , a refugee can travel freely within the eu and join friends and family in western europe  that 's not really accurate . 
  how are you gon na stop them , internal border checks have largely been abolished thanks to the schengen agreement . 
  on a related note , our populist party ( in government ) just announced that they 'll not remove our border controls if they get a second term in september , even though the commission has asked us to drop them when the 2 year period runs out later this year . 
  they 're also campaigning on renegotiating schengen or just dropping out altogether if the internal controls are abolished . 
  ca n't sell it if we burn it . 
   accidentally, 
   warning shots  hit okay then . 
  good luck taking money away from french farmers . 
  no problem , i was a bit surprised that my inbox suddenly filled up with identical comments . 
  are you talking about [ this boat ? 
  ] ( http://www.baltic-course.com/eng/baltic_states/?doc=127127 ) in that case it has nothing to do with the fact that the boat was latvian , but that the quota it was given by the eu was never agreed upon with norwegian authorities . 
  the eu has been giving out quotas that are not theirs to give out to begin with . 
  we do allow some small limited eu fishing in our waters , but we set the quotas , so it 's nowhere near what it would have been had we been a part of the eu . 
  hence me calling them `` total asshats '' . 
  it 's just another example of eu and its heavy handed tactics . 
  the amount of fish caught in norwegian waters is staggering . 
  norway alone fishes about [ 40 % ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/9/97/total_catches_in_selected_fishing_regions%2c_2005%e2%80%932015_%28%c2%b9%29_%28thousand_tonnes_live_weight%29_yb16.png ) of the combined amount of the eu-28 . 
  remove uk 's share and it increases to almost 50 % . 
  there 's no fucking way we 'll ever agree to giving access to eu vessels like the uk has . 
  punch violent people right in the face !, 
  the actual issue here is not fishing of fish , but fishing of crab .
