  the skjold-class is basically the embodiment of the new norwegian defense tactic ; hit and run . 
  use stealth ( f35 , skjold/fridtjof nansen-class , new submarines ) to stay hidden , preferably in fjords and other choke points , launch stealthy weapons that are hard to avoid and get out of there before the projectile even hits them . 
  we 're still in the process of buying new artillery pieces , as the old ones are getting pretty outdated . 
  i do however worry about the investment to operation ratio . 
  we 're spending an awful lot of money right now to upgrade to very expensive weapons platforms , so much in fact that day-to-day operation of the armed forces are being hampered by savings . 
  we 're throwing money at new fighter jets , yet do n't have to money to keep all airbases open . 
  it might just be a transitional period , a lot of new equipment is being brought online over the next 5-10 years , but i still think we need to re-balance the way we spend money on defense , there 's little point in having fancy equipment if there 's not basic support infrastructure in place to use them . 
  they 're the ordinary , run of the mill diesel subs . 
  though , they perform very well in nato exercises , since they 're so small and agile , and are regularly able to sneak up on targets undetected . 
  aip is going to increase that performance characteristic even more . 
  the reason why the navy wants more subs is to be able to cover more area at the same time , we have long deep fjords and a ragged coastline , and we regularly spot russian sub traffic close to our waters . 
  having them stay submerged for longer is great , but we still need more `` ears '' to get a good feeling of what 's happening in and around our waters . 
  it seems like they 're working on a new version of the naval strike missile , in order to make it possible to launch them from subs . 
  that 's gon na add even more surface [ anti-ship ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npcjw5_rz-s ) capability . 
  the nsms can also be used as a cruise missile to target [ land targets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1gxrdzhtkk ) , but the war head is pretty small edit : also [ this footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaspvwiqgem ) of the uss ogden being hit and sunk by a nsm is also really cool . 
  articles have been updated now . 
  some norwegian newspapers first reported the number to be 6 and not 4 , but have now adjusted the number to 4 . 
  what a let down . 
  from 15 to 6 to 4 subs , in a country with a massive coastline . 
  there were plans for a scandinavian sub , the [ viking-class sub ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viking-class_submarine ) , but the project was dropped after denmark pulled out . 
  what , 6 ? 
  i though we only had money for 4 , after pissing away god knows how much money our new fleet of a staggering 52 f35s . 
  i 'd still love 6 subs , the navy has been very clear that the 6 we have is already borderline of what we actually need . 
  we used to have 15 , went down to 6 with the current generation and was set to go down to 4 with the new one . 
  edit : turns out the number is 4 , the first news papers messed up . 
  yeah , not an ideal situation ... 
  i do n't know if they 're up to something , but it smells a bit fishy . 
  the arctic is definitely going to play a huge role geo politically the coming decades . 
  [ caspian report ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbrklnh8wla ) has a great video on what 's going on , russia 's maneuvering in the area , and how it affects countries ( including norway ) . 
  yesterday pst ( police 's security service ) published its annual threat report which points to russia being the single greatest threat towards norwegian interests . 
  they 've shown willingness and ability to launch cyber attacks against vital infrastructure as well as sabotage of physical objects . 
  russian intelligence officials often approach military members , in order to coerce or blackmail information out of them regarding military capabilities and installations . 
  today pst and the labor party published a report outlining how the labor party had been subjected to attempts to gain access to mails , internal memos and other infrastructure . 
  they 're not sure whether or not any information was extracted , but they assume that its a part of russian campaign to get access to information that can be used to either black mail parties in government or to steer the outcome of our upcoming election . 
  another somewhat concerning thing is that russia keeps increasing the number of ethnic russian on svalbard . 
  alleged oppressed russian minorities has been used as pretext for an invasion before ( crimea ) . 
  yeah , jens stoltenberg was the main force behind the push to resolve the situation . 
  he 's a competent politician and knows how to navigate difficult situations . 
  he also knows how to handle russia , which can be pretty difficult at times . 
  as to his russian connections , he was listed in soviet intelligence archives for informants with the codename `` steklov '' . 
  going by his own accounts and intelligence sources he never divulged any information , but had a couple of chats with soviet intelligence officers before informing norwegian security services what was going on . 
  that happened when he was young and a prominent member of the youth wing of the labour party . 
  i never voted for the guy , but i think he 'll do a great job in nato, 
  yeah , that 's not okay at all . 
  us , just fuck off . 
  please . 
  i do actually put some ketchup in the tomato sauce if it 's too acidic , but never just ketchup on the pasta by itself . 
  i think it might also come from the fact that we border russia . 
  they 're a direct threat to us if they want to , and can steam roll is pretty good in a week if nato does n't show up . 
  we 've had a pretty difficult relationship with russia . 
  we 've always worked closely together , and the borders remained open even during the height of the cold war . 
  tension regularly flares up as the geo-political game changes . 
  due to the sanctions , our relations have gone from very good to really bad in a short amount of time . 
  just a few years ago we successfully negotiated a fair share of fishing and oil drilling rights in an area both countries have claimed is exclusively theirs for decades . 
  we do also cooperate on things like nuclear safety . 
  we regularly send experts and funds to help them clean up nuclear waste from nuclear powered lighthouses , decommissioned subs and reactors . 
  i 'm not saying he 's doing something undemocratically/illegal , but he has the power to do away with the foundation of democracy in the us if he tries hard , pushes the right buttons and is lucky when it comes to external forces . 
  we can very well see a democratic , legal , transition from a democracy into something else where the president holds almost all power in practice . 
  which is kind of weird , because our populist party ( progress party ) , is n't that russian friendly . 
  there are certain politicians that are more sympathetic to russia than what i 'd like , but that is by no means a big fraction of the party . 
  i wonder why that is , seeing as many other populist far right parties in europe are fond of/bankrolled by russia . 
  i 'm not afraid that he 'll `` change '' them . 
  he has two other branches of government that can oppose him , congress and the supreme court . 
  trump needs congress to pass laws ( though executive orders can be used for many things ) and budgets to pay for the stuff he wants . 
  right now the republicans in congress seem pretty unwilling to oppose trump at all , with the exception of some individuals speaking out , such as mccain . 
  at worst congress will just turn into a rubber-stamping department that just says yes to whatever trump asks for . 
  the other entity that can oppose trump is the supreme court . 
  he ca n't do anything that 's unconstitutional , problem is that someone needs to interpret the constitution , which makes it a very fluid thing . 
  putting the right people on the sc will allow trump to pursue his agenda without too much pushback . 
  what i worry about is that the two other institutions weaken over time , and that trump not only end up wielding executive power , but also indirectly legislative and judicial powers through a scared/sympathetic congress and a supreme court made of up judges he appointed . 
  i do n't think trump will turn into a dictator , but there certainly are ways to do that , even though us has relatively good separation of powers . 
  well , he was democratically elected ( not by the popular vote though , but the system has been the same for years ) , but i do worry about how he 'll treat the other checks and balances in the system . 
  he just appointed one supreme court justice , going by the age of the rest of them , it 's not out of the question that he get 's to appoint another 2-3 by the end of his 4 year run . 
  at that point we might see a supreme court were 3-4 of 9 justices are sympathetic to him , in addition to the other ones already appointed by others . 
  he can basically whittle away at the sc over time by appointing the right people . 
  the congress ( house of rep. and senate ) seems pretty scared of acting against him , at least the republicans are . 
  there 's another election for senate/hor coming up in 2 years , so trump 's republican majority will last for at least 2 years , and could possibly become even bigger . 
  bottom line is , trump might circumvent the other checks and balances given enough time , will , and political apathy from the republicans . 
  edit : changed congress and senate into house of rep. and senate , seeing as the senate is a part of the congress . 
  yeah , sorry about guys . 
  i think you 're pretty much stuck with that guy for 4 years , regardless of what we do . 
  not that good . 
  i still think that le pen 's best chances are against fillion ( i also said so before the scandals ) . 
  le pen vs fillon would let le pen move to the left on economic policy , and pick up some voters that way . 
  two right wing candidates will also suppress the voter turn out among the left , giving le pen better chances . 
  still , le pen can win in the second round vs macron og hamon if either of them are subjected to some sort of huge scandal . 
  worthy to keep in nato , but not worthy enough to share intel with . 
  makes sense , i guess . 
  yeah , this will probably drive the prices to converge . 
  countries with high prices will win and countries will low prices will see them increase . 
  oh , turns out that i did n't even remember the number correctly . 
  still , i 'd wager that 150 is closer to reality than 350 . 
  i just realized that you asked what the boat was not doing , and not what boat it was . 
  they were interfering with the whaling activities in the area . 
  they had previously sabotaged boats anchored by the harbor by pouring sugar into the fuel tanks and by drilling holes into the hull . 
  in the particular clip they were on the way to disrupt ongoing whaling when the coast guard intervened and tried to stop them . 
  sea shepard tried to make a run for it when the coast guard tried to arrest them . 
  the boat was rendered inoperable due to damage caused by sinking mines and several wires that the coastguard managed to entangle their propeller with . 
  do the math again , it should also show an additional 150 million to the nhs edit : / u/bawbawbaw1 pointed out that the number might be 350 million and not 150 million after all . 
  who knows , uk math is hard .
